Forgotten and Destined
BOOK ONE OF THE FORGOTTEN SERIES
BY CATHY TUCKER
COPY RIGHTS 2015 CATT.
Published at Smashwords


Smashwords License Statement 
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each reader. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
PUBLISHER’S NOTE:
This book is a work of Fiction Names, Characters, places and Incidents are products of the Authors Imagination or are used fictitiously. Any Resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons living or Dead is entirely coincidental.
This book has some Language/ sexual content and is recommended for ages sixteen and up Thank you.
Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
Chapter 41
Chapter 42
Chapter 43
Chapter 44
Chapter 45
Chapter 46
Chapter 47
Chapter 48
Chapter 49
Chapter 50
Chapter 51
Chapter 52
Chapter 53
Chapter 54
Chapter 55
Chapter 56
Chapter 57
Chapter 58
Chapter 59
Chapter 60
Chapter 61
Chapter 62
Chapter 63
                                                                                                                     Prologue
“We have to do this Summer, It’s the only way to keep her safe.”

“Harris she belongs with us. We’ve only had her a few days. How can you even think about letting her go?” Summer cries, tears pouring down her face. 

“I know honey, it’s killing me too. But they’ve broken into the Keeper's World Summer.  If any of them get her… Think what they will do to her.”

Summer gazes down at her beautiful daughter tears falling from her face onto the baby's forehead. Looking back up at her husband she declares “Harris she’s never going to know who we are, how much we love her.” 

“I know honey” Harris says wrapping his arms around his wife pulling her and his child into his arms. 
“Summer you must listen to me, we will always watch over her. These are loving people you handpicked them. They will give her a good home.” 

“I know Harris but this is killing me. She’s going to hate us. When she turns eighteen and finds out her whole life has been a lie. She’s never going to forgive us.”
 “You don't know that Summer. Remember she’s a Keeper; she has the heart of a warrior which is forgiving above all else. She is our daughter and being so makes her braver, stronger, one of the best warriors the heavens ever created. She will hold forgiveness, kindness, love, humanity all in her heart. I can feel it Summer. One day she will rule the keepers and our world but until then it’s up to us to make sure she stays safe.”  
“Let’s do this. The longer I hold her, the harder it is for me to think about letting her go.” Summer wells with apps solution to her voice.  Harris kisses his beautiful wife on the head looks down at his daughter takes her small hand in his as tears run down his cheeks. 
 
Bending down he places a single kiss to his daughter's forehead whispering “I love you Angel, we will be counting the days until you return to us.” Letting go of his daughter's hand he looks at the bedroom of the couple's house, his wife has chosen to raise their daughter. Their names are Kristie and Raymond Parker. Summer has this ability to see inside a person’s heart she knows if they are filled with hate, anger or goodness and love, she says the love this couple shares, the kindness in their hearts; they are the couple to raise our child. Taking a deep breathe he holds up his left hand, with a wave he speaks the word nursery, watching as the new room forms before his eyes. Walls with bright colors Angel’s everywhere. On one wall he places a mirror image of the city on their world. The mirror looks like it’s made of gold as does their city. You can make out people walking around on the streets with angels walking amongst them their wings spread in holiness and superiority. 
“Harris it's beautiful. I can’t believe you put a picture of our world on the wall " Summer says running her fingers over the image.
 “I hope as she grows she will gaze upon this mural and maybe… somehow sense a connection to her home.” Turning away from his wife, Harris lifts his hand again when he speaks this time it’s with confidants and command to his deep voice. “This house shall be a haven for my daughter. The Parker's will know her only as their daughter. All people the Parkers come in contact with from the past, the future, as well as the present will know this child as the Parker’s daughter. She will be known as Malaya Summer Parker; not a neither nor demons will know of her existence. Upon her eighteenth birthday, the Parkers along with all people she has ever come in contact with will cease to know of her existence. She will then return to her rightful home. Take her legitimate place in the Keepers' world as Princess Rain Summer Livingston World Keeper. Her powers will begin to immerge slowly as she grows closer to her eighteenth birthday. Upon midnight of her eighteenth year, all her powers will ascend upon her commanding, her body, her heart, her soul. Feeling her with the powers only she is meant to hold, she is our daughter the princess of the keepers world the future ruler of all neither’s and keepers. The ruler over evil, she will fight to protect all human kind. Hell will rule the day she was ever conceived. She will be one of the most feared keepers of all times. All I have proclaimed will come to pass. Harris lowers his hand and motions for Summer to bring forth their daughter his heart is heavy splintering into a million pieces, knowing this is the last time he will hold his baby girl. 

Summer kisses her daughter, tells her she loves her more than life and she will always be watching over her. Then she places the baby in her husband's arms. Harris walks over placing the baby in the crib he created. The baby begins to cry as if she knows something is wrong. She acts like her heart is breaking as much as her mother and fathers is. Harris leans over the crib whispering to his daughter “Live my beautiful girl be happy. Be free let nothing in this world hold you back. You are the best of me. There is nothing you can’t do, you are my princess I love you” The baby continues to cry as Harris walks back to Summer wrapping his arms around her he declares one word “Home.” 

Chapter 1

Have you ever had the feeling something isn’t right?  I've had that feeling for the last two weeks.  I've been noticing some freaky crap going on with me. At first, I thought it was just me being clumsy but looking down at the bedroom doorknob I’m holding right now I’m beginning to have my doubts about that. The metal is smashed together so tight you’d never know it was a doorknob if you didn’t know it to begin with. UGH! What is wrong with me?  No one should be able to do the shit I’ve been doing the past couple of weeks. I bet I could get in the Guinness book of records for F’ing up doors. Yep in the last two weeks I have literary broken nine doors. But most of the times it’s just been the knobs but on three different occasions I cracked the freaking wood. That is so not normal. I know that much, but what am I supposed to do about it? It’s not like I can go to my parents or my friends and say “Hey I think I might have super powers. Watch what I can do to this door.” Yea I could see that going over without me getting a trip to the local hospital. I have been thinking though if I decide not to go to college, I can always become a weight lifter. I’ve seen these commercials on TV for female weight lifters they make a lot of money. I try picturing myself telling my parents “Hey guys I’m not going to college. I’m really strong so I’ve have decided I’m going to become a weight lifter.” My mom would try to be supportive while my dad would be having a coronary. Laughing at my own crazy thoughts I shake my head choosing to forget it all for now.

I’m turning eighteen tomorrow. Three days later I graduate from high school. God that sounds great I'll be an adult no more high school.  I’ll have summer off before starting college. Tonight, my two best friends are taking me out for my birthday. Tomorrow, my family will be having a party for me but it is a family only event. So tonight, I'm going to party with my friends. My parents think I'm going to be staying overnight with Angie. Angie Knight and Liz Bristle are my best friends; I love them like they're my sisters. We have been friends…well I don't really remember a time when we weren't friends. Tonight they are taking me to the city we are going clubbing. Well not really clubbing I think to hold the term clubbing you have to be going to numerous clubs. We are only going to one club as far as I know but it sounds cooler to say we are going clubbing rather than we are going to a club. See the difference? I've never been in a club at all. I’m really hoping they don't ask for identification. Angie says she's been there before and they never asked her for ID so she says we have nothing to worry about. Guess we will have to wait and see. Laying the doorknob on my night stand I head down stairs knowing I’ll find my parents in the kitchen.

“Hey” I say walking in the kitchen. My parents look around at me, but my dad is the first to speak. 

“Lana I want to make sure you remember the rules about drinking.”

Without giving me opportunity to reply he continues to talk. To be honest, that’s for best I hate lying to my parents, which I will be doing if I tell them I won’t be drinking. There’s no way I’m following the no drinking rules tonight. I don't drink much but if I get in the club I’m definitely getting my drink on. 

“Lana hello do you hear me?” 

“Sure Dad I hear you” I reply knowing full well I have no idea what he said.

“Hey Mom don't forget I'm going to be staying with Angie but don't worry I'll be home for our family birthday party.” Yea I know, I said I hate to lie to my parents but what can I say sometimes a girl’s got to do what a girl’s got to do. Angie reserved us a room last week. After we discussed we were going to be drinking, there is no way we would drink and drive. Personally I think that shows our maturity. I watch as mom shuts the oven door; she is baking my birthday cake for tomorrow. She turns towards me 
“Your cousins will be getting here at seven tomorrow just be home by then.” 

“I’ll be here before seven I can't wait to see Jules and Beth it's been what six months?” I question. My mom's name is Kristie Parker; she's a social worker and to me, the best mom in the world. She’s beautiful, tall, and slim with long blond hair hanging past her shoulders its cut in layers around her face setting off her blue eyes. She doesn’t look anywhere near her age. She is thirty nine but looks closer to twenty nine. I have always wished for my mother’s hair color instead of the red I got stuck with. People tell me they love my hair they say it’s beautiful. As much as I hate the red I have to admit my hair is one of my best qualities. At least it’s not bright red. Actually it’s more of a brown with red highlights. That’s what I like to think anyway. But it is super thick and it lies in waves down my back. Matter fact I have to move it out of the way when I sit down or I’d be sitting on it all the time. The only thing I sort of got from my mom is our eye color we both have blue eyes, however the blue of our eyes is completely different the blue of my eyes resemble the blue of the sky while the blue of my mother’s eyes run more towards a mix between blue and brown making the color of her eyes look hazel sometimes. But our close eye color is the only thing I have ever been able to find my mom and I have in common so I hold onto it with everything I am. I am pulled out of my thoughts by the sound of Mom’s voice. 

“It's more like eight months since we saw them.”

“Really?” I asked. “It’s been that long? Hmm…well I can’t wait to see them.” 

Lana my dad calls “Have you thought any more about what you’re going to take in college?” 

“No Dad I haven't. I’ll worry about that later right now I want to enjoy myself, have some fun with my friends. I'm turning eighteen. Graduating high school all I want to do is enjoy my right of passage.” 

“Well you need to decide what you’re going to do. You are turning eighteen tomorrow along with turning eighteen comes responsibility. Part of which is being an adult. Being an adult is acting responsible it all goes hand in hand. I’m not sure rite of passage has anything to do with it though.” 

“Raymond stop-this right now. Leave her alone let her have fun right now. God she can deal with college after summer is over. Sweetheart you are right you do need to be enjoying your rite of passage” My mom pats me on the back as her eyes shoot daggers at my dad. Score one for me.


Lucky for me my dad does what my mom told him and he never mentioned school again. My dad is Raymond Parker; he is a history teacher at the community college. He’s uh… little bit uptight he always wants everyone to have all their ducks in a row. He gets upset with me a lot because I never have my ducks in a row. I’m doing alright if I can even find the ducks he’s talking about much less have them in some type of freaking row. Dad is tall and slim he has dark hair with the smallest amount of gray mixed in. His round glasses makes him resemble an older Harry Potter. My parents are total opposites in every way, the planets must have been lined up in my poor old dad favor it’s the only plausible explanation as to how someone like my nerd of a dad ended up with a hot chick like my mom. Yep my mom is a MILF. You would never know they’ve been married for twenty-three years. Not with the way they are always making out. Hanging all over each other all gods time trust me when I say before walking in any room in my house you better make sure to make a lot of noise otherwise you might see and hear some shit that could scar you for life. Gross I know. I’m just glad my mom saved me from yet another lecture from my dad on how I am the oldest child in the family yet for some reason; beyond him, I'm always the one that acting like the youngest.

I hear Angie's car pull up and my excitement begins growing by leaps. Running to the door I yell “I’m coming.” Watching as Angie and Liz both shout “hurry up” throwing their hands up in the air. Leaving the door open I run upstairs grab my overnight bag run back to the kitchen give my mom a hug telling her I love her at the same time. My mom finally releases me after whispering in my ear to have fun tonight she tells me not to worry about anything it’s my night enjoy it. We smile at each other in that moment I’m almost positive she knows what we are going to be doing tonight but she alright with it. “Weird huh?” Walking over to my dad I kiss him on his cheek then place my arms around his neck hugging him. I tell him I love him. My dad hugs me tight telling me he loves me, he says he’s sorry for starting in on me about school. Then he tells me to go have fun just be careful.

“Thanks Dad I love you too don't worry I’ll be careful” I promise him as I end the hug and pick my bag up. With one last goodbye to my parents I’m out the door. I take off full speed for Angie's two thousand seven yellow convertible PT Cruiser I jump in the back seat. The three of us let out a squeal knowing we are going to have the time of our lives tonight. Bonus no freaking parents. 

“Hey guys look I got the new boots. How do they look?” I question holding my left leg up, I have been dying for these boots for the past three months so my mom and Aunt Judy took me to the mall yesterday and bought them for me. They are black leather with three-inch hills the leather comes up past my knees I think they go great with my black hip hugging jeans and low cut black belly shirt but Angie and Liz are the fashion guru so their advice is a must. When you lack any fashion ability at all you learn to depend on the friends you have been blessed with that have true fashion guru abilities.    

“OMG you got them. I can't believe you got them. They look fantastic, shit Lana when did you become so hot? The green eye shadow with the black eye liner is killer the whole emo black dressed thing you got going on looks freaking amazing on you and of course your fabulous hair is gorgeous as always. I swear to god I might be developing an actual girl crush on you. Oh the boots are awesome too. You do realize if you had been listening to Liz and I years ago you’d been getting laid a lot more.” 
“Shut up Angie let her alone not everyone is the slut you are. Not everybody has to have sex five days out of the seven days in the week.”
“Says the virgin” Angie says then burst out laughing at the lazier beams shooting from Liz’s eyes.
“Lana you look fantastic honey you are the only person I know who is able to dress in all black but wear green eye shadow and be able to pull the shit off like a runway model. The boots are Fucking awesome too.” The whole time Liz is speaking she is still shooting lazier beams towards Angie. 

I laugh at the both of them. They are crazy. Trust me when I say they love each other to death it’s just hidden with all the arguing they do with one another. Liz may not be able to pull off the green eye shadow but why would she want to?  She has blonde hair hanging past her shoulders like my moms, she doesn’t wear makeup nor does she need to she has a natural beauty about her. I look over at Angie she is so different from Liz or I she has jet-black hair her naturally dark skin comes from her Mexican heritage. Her makeup is on heavy her black eye liner setting off her deep drown eyes. Where Liz and I are tall and slim Angie is short, curvy. Guys fall all over themselves trying to get her attention and she knows it too. 
Angie backs out of my driveway the wind blowing in our hair the music blasting from the radio as we all sing alone to some stupid song laughing as we turn onto the freeway. 

“Hey” Angie yells over the music. “Are we going to the hotel to put our things away first? Or heading right to the club?” 

 Liz and I yell back “motel first” then start laughing. It doesn’t take long before we are entering the city. We see the sign for the motel come into view. Angie pulls in the parking lot stopping in front of the office. We all jump out of the PT running inside excited about the night ahead. We are laughing making fun of Liz’s boomed attempt at flirting with the guy behind the check in counter as we walk back out. We pull the car around until we find our room number then Angie parks in the empty slot in front of the room door. While Angie unlocks the door Liz and I grab our things. 
As soon as we walk in the room we drop our bags grasp hold of one another as we scream the three of us jump up and down knowing we pulled it off. My parents think I’m staying with Angie, and Angie's parents think she is with Liz, and I hate to say it but Liz's parents are loaded with money they are always gone plus they could care less about Liz. As long as whatever she is doing doesn’t interfere with what they’re doing they are alright with it. It’s sad because Liz is a great person she has a huge heart no thanks to her parents. The way I see it, it’s their loss they are missing out on knowing someone very special. We are still laughing when we grab up our makeup bags head making our way to the bathroom mirror each of us squeezing in front of the limited space in front of the mirror making sure we look perfect before we head back out. After freshening up we are out the door back in the PT headed for our night of adventure. 




CHAPTER 2

We pull into an over crowed parking lot in front of the club we notice the line to get through the door is a mile long hens the over crowed parking. Angie finds what has to be the only available spot to park in the entire lot. It also happens to be the one spot farthest away from the club. Oh well who cares we are here we made it and tonight is going to be great. It’s going on seven o’clock so it’s beginning to get dark. There are a few guys checking us out as we head toward the back of the line. I am smiling at one guy when I hear it the first time. Someone calling my name, I turn around praying to God it isn’t someone who knows my parents. I search everywhere but see no one. Looking back at Liz and Angie, I question them if they heard anyone calling my name. They both say no then Angie tells me it’s just my nerves getting the best of me. Thinking she’s probably right I join the conversation they are having about college. After a while, the line starts to move a little. I begin walking forwards when I hear my name called again. Looking around I catch sight of three people across the street looking at me, two guys one girl.

One of the guys is staring at me in a way that makes me feel like he can see straight to my soul. I feel cold chills run up my spine. Liz looks at me noticing my eyes glued across the street, she asks what I’m staring at as her eyes follow mine. 
 “Ah I see what you’re looking at" she replies. Angie turns to see what we were talking about 
“Oh my God that has to be one of the best-looking guys I’ve seen in my life. If I’m reading him right Lana, I believe he thinks you’re the best-looking thing he’s ever seen in his life.” Angie laughs at her on stupid joke.

 My eye's leaves the three people across the road before pinning both my friend’s eyes with my own desperately begging. “Didn't you guys hear them calling my name?” 

They both shake their heads no. “Do you know them?” Angie asked. 

“No, I don’t know them.” I answer my attention going back across the road. I know I heard one of them calling my name it was a male’s voice so that leaves the girl out. My eyes lock directly on the guy I said was staring at me like he could see my soul our eyes meet neither of us breaking eyes contact he is beautiful he has blond hair cut into a cute shaggy style he’s muscular but not in the bulky way of uh body builder no his frame is more the built of a fighter I’m positive if he lifted his tight gray tee-shirt up I’d be able to count the abs from here. The shirt appears to be tight enough I might be able to see his abs though the shirt if he were closer. His wide shoulders appearing as it might burst from the too tight material entrapping them. His dark jeans ride low on his narrowing hips. His long legs supporting his six plus foot frame. I know without a doubt it’s him I hear, I’m not sure how I know call it intuiting I guess. How do they know me? How does he know me? Why are they standing over there watching me instead of introducing themselves if they want to speak to me? I break eye contact looking away for a second but then my eyes unwillingly seek his out again but he’s gone that fast, one second he is there but he disappeared in the time it takes me to look down at my boots then back up again. I search for him without luck but I do see the other guy and the girl looking towards me. Getting Angie’s attention I tell her to look at them and how they are watching me."

“Hell Lana” Angie says “the girl probably dates Mr. Gorgeous she saw the way he was eyeing your fine ass; I might be wrong but I’d say she is pissed off at you. Even as we speak she is deciding the best way to kick your ass without her having her hottie of uh boyfriend getting pissed towards her. The other tall glass of water over there is wondering which girl he is going to get lucky with tonight he’s checking every female here out. Now come on you need to calm your ass down. Turn around stop staring over there before we end up in a fight before we even make it in the club.”

I roll my eyes at Angie, but I would hate for the girl to think I am checking out her boyfriend. Still in the back of my mind something about those people scares me. “I don't care what the girl thinks” I reply 
“Trust me I’m not the least bit interested in her guy.”

“Yeah sure you’re not” Angie says while Liz laughs. “So if they come in the club tonight and she’s not with Mr. Gorgeous, you don't mind if I go after him, then right?” Angie questions with a smirk on her beautiful face.

 “If he’s your type go for it…I could care less.” I tilt my head enough I can look across the street using my peripheral vision to see if he is back, there he stands looking at me. I return my gaze back to my friends trying to forget about the three people on the other side of the road. The line begins moving again this time we finally make it to the front. The door guy is a hot, so I give him a big flirty smile. He smiles back at me. It doesn’t take long before our flirty smiles have turned into full blown flirting. I ask him if he will be at the door the entire night. He tells me he gets a break in a couple of hours, so I tell him to come look me up. He opens the gate to let us go through but takes me by the hand before I can go. He tells me he will find me in a couple of hours to save him a dance. I tell him I’ll be waiting before walking away from him.

“Oh my God Lana,” Liz says her voice excited “you have as much brass as Angie does. 
Laughing at Liz, I respond to her “if you see something you like you have to go for it, girl; and I got to tell you there was nothing there not to like my god he’s hot.” We both laugh at my craziness as we walk into the club.

I hear my name called again. However, this time it’s spoken aggressively instead of softly, I decide to ignore it. I’ve decided in the last second I must be losing my mind or it’s the whole nerve thing either way I can’t do anything about it right now so I’ll worry about it tomorrow. This place is great the lights are like the old disco light's you see in the old movies on T.V. All the colors coming from the lights are fantastic. The music is blasting from the speakers people are everywhere dancing, drinking having a blast. For the first time in my life, I am going to be part of it. Sure Liz, Angie and I have gotten drunk together a few times at Liz's house while her parents were away. This is completely different for one thing, there are guys everywhere secondly, there are guys everywhere, thirdly did I happen to mention there are guys everywhere need I say more?  “I think I’ve died and gone to Heaven" I yell over the music. Angie is pointing to an open table. I nod my head letting her know I see. We make our way to it sitting down but I can feel my body swaying to the music making it nearly imposable to keep my ass on the seat.

“God I can't wait to get on the dance floor” Liz yells.

I know how she feels I’m ready to jump out of my freaking seat. Angie sees the waitress coming around so she holds up her hand waving her to our table. The waitress takes our orders smiling kindly she tells us she’ll be right back with our drinks. No sooner has she left than a couple of cute guys ask if either of us want to dance. I decide I’d rather wait on our drinks to arrive so I tell my friends to go ahead.

“Are you sure?” Liz questions.

“Yes I’m sure get your ass out there and start shaking it before I change my mind.” With that said I watch my two best friends step in front of the guys leading the way to the dance floor. The waitress returns with our drinks within minutes of them leaving the table. “Thank you” I say to her as I pay for our drinks making sure to add a decent tip in. I turn my beer up taking a huge gulp from the bottle. By the time Angie and Liz come back to the table I’ve finished off two drinks. I’m beginning to feel a small buzz from the alcohol so I’m joking around with the girls about the guys they were dancing with. We are all laughing having a fantastic time. Several guys come up asking if want to dance, but we tell them no thanks but maybe later. By this time we are in the “girl zone” you know the place where you are having more fun with your girlfriends than you possibly could be having with some unknown guy. Another half an hour goes by we are all buzzing now making everything funny. I feel someone touch my back. I turn around seeing the door guy smiling down at me. I give him a big smile in return.

“Guy's I think I'm ready to dance now” I say standing up from the table. Muscle guy takes me by the hand leading me to the dance floor. The music is fast and loud. I love it. I close my eyes letting the music take me over. I love to dance, I’m good at it. I open my eyes smiling at Mr. Muscles before turning my back to him I grind against him. I feel his hands go around my waist pulling me closer I smile enjoying myself.

I hear it again my name being called out in an angry tone making the hairs on the back of my neck stand on end. I must admit to me I’ve been dealing with all this shit pretty well but this time I’m about to freak the hell out. The voice does more than call my name this time it speaks to me. Yep I’m positive a white coat is in my very near future. The voice is demanding to know what the hell I’m doing, but it goes even further than that in a hard tone it asked me if I was trying to get myself raped then it proceeds to insistent I stop dancing before I get someone killed” My eyes pop open, I feel chills run through me. I know it’s him I’m positive if I look around I’ll find him, he’s here I feel it. All three of them are here I’m not sure how I know this but I do it’s like I can feel them. I know it doesn’t make since but there hasn’t been much in my life making since in the last couple of weeks. Chills run through my body as my eyes scan the crowed of people searching for them. It doesn’t take long for me to find what I’m looking for his six foot frame holding a beer his friends standing next to him. He’s standing at the bar his eyes on me, he’s looking beyond angry. 



Chapter 3 

 With the way he is watching me not to mention the voice I keep hearing I find I’ve lost interest in dancing, for that matter I’ve lost interest in my muscle man as well. I tell Mr. Muscle, I am feeling sick he leads me from the dance floor back to my seat sitting down beside me. He stays with me until his break ends making sure I’m alright. Before he leaves to get back to his post he tells me to come find him if I get feeling better. I thank him promising I’ll find him in a little while. I know I’m lying to him when the words are leaving my mouth but he’s really nice he doesn’t deserve to be treated with such little respect from me but right now I can’t help it I’m losing my mind here. I have no intentions of looking for him later. All I want to do at this point is sit here for a while then tell my friends I’m really sick so they will take me back to the motel where I can lay down.  

Maybe this is all in my head. I remember studying on mental conditions in health class at school, some disorders can make a person think they are being watched by strangers it also make you hear voices in your head. I’m going freaking bat shit crazy. This has all been building up for the last two weeks all the signs have been plain as day I choose to ignore them, instead I made up excuses. My god I really had convinced myself I’d been breaking doors. Smashing doorknobs shit I’m sick. God please don’t let mom and dad have me locked away in some mental hospital which will keep me drugged up so they won’t have to deal with my crazy ass. How much worse will I get? My mind seems to be going fast now all I can really hope for is when the illness finally takes over I’ll never know it.

“Hey” Angie yells over the music as she is heading back to the dance floor “I ordered you another beer sip on it slowly maybe you got too hot, or something it should help you cool down.” 

“Thanks” I yell back not caring if she hears me or not. The waitress brings the beer sitting it on the table I go to pay her but she informs me she started us a tab. I thank her before picking the bottle up I take a long drink loving the coldness as it goes down my throat. I have come to the obvious conclusion, if I’m going crazy which I have to be, huge quantities of alcohol are needed. I hear the voice again. “So now you’re going to get drunk.” The voice demands. What the hell if it’s going to talk to me then I’m going to talk right back to it. Crazy people do that. You know? “Yep, I sure am asshole…what’s it to ya?” I respond in my head. Giving myself a metal high five too go along with my smartass retort. 

Angie and Liz come back to the table both sweaty from their time on the dance floor they wipe their foreheads with the back of their hands before picking up there drinks. When they are cooled down they begin joking with one another about which one of them dances the worst. As they argue between themselves, I pretend I’m paying attention to what they are saying even throwing a smile in here and there for effect while I’m really trying to figure out what is wrong with me. 

I’m pulled from my dangerous thoughts when I hear somebody saying, “Excuse me.” I know that voice I should after all I’ve been hearing it all night. This time though the voice is not in my head it’s standing on the far side of the table I’m sitting at. I’m determined not to look up I refuse to give the owner of the voice the satisfaction of seeing what he is doing to me. 

I can feel everyone looking at me I know they are waiting on me to look up but I can’t something tells me once I look at him, at them my life is going to change forever I can feel it something is happening here my blood feels like its boiling under my skin. “Lana…earth to Lana I know your ass isn’t that drunk stop with the shy act you have never been shy a day of your life. These guys want to know if they can share our table. Are you alright with that?”  Angie’s persistent voice won’t shut up she is ordering me to look up her insisting tone driving me crazier than I already am. It takes every ounce of the strength I have left in my body to raise my head. 

My breathe catches there he stands his stare boring holes through my face. His eyes are so blue they have almost an aqua hue to them. They are pulling me in making my body feel things I’ve never felt before. Now with him closer to me I can see that his dirty blond hair is not so much cut in a shaggy hair style the better assumption is it only appears that way. On closer inspection I now see it’s the way it is due to him running his fingers through it. He is tall, as tall as I first thought somewhere between six foot possibly six one. His muscles bulge through his tight dark gray tee I can’t prevent my eyes from wondering to his stomach. Sure enough I can make out at least a six pack of abs showing through the thin shirt. I know I am going to sound rude but at least I’m honest enough with myself to admit it. "What do you want?” I inquire in a challenging tone. I grit my teeth when his only reaction is to smiles at me like he finds me amusing. God even as pissed off as I am I still can’t help but be impressed by his true beauty.

“My friends and I noticed you guys have a lot of extra room at your table we were wondering if you ladies would mind if we join you.” He turns his million dollar smile towards Angie and Liz, I swear to god I heard their breath catch and their hearts stop. Angie is saying yes before I have the chance to say anything else. He stares directly at me like he knows what I’m thinking. I hear it again in my head as plain as day "that’s not a very nice way to treat people you don't know. Sure didn't notice you treating the door guy so cold.” 

“Kiss my Ass.” Is my response to the voice in my head I hear him snickering at me. I look at his face seeing him smiling down at me. Oh my God can he really be talking to me in my head? Does he know what I’m thinking? There’s no way, that’s impossible. “Get out of my head!” I silently yell. Then I tell myself to stop. To hang on to what little brain I have left. I chastise myself repeating over and over again not to communicate with the invisible person in my head. Shit. I’m getting worse by the second I need to get the hell out of here. The voice laughs at me again. 

 I tune back in once again only to see everyone staring at me like I am crazy which I am so I can’t blame them for staring.
 “Lana will you get your head out of your ass before I hit you with something” Angie is commanding.  

“Sorry I think I've had a little too much to drink” I respond. The buzz I had going has long since passed. I’m not in the slightest bit drunk or buzzed. Angie and Liz start laughing at me. “Our new friends have been asking you your name.” Liz says wrapping an arm around my neck. I look at the girl and boy I saw across the street earlier without meeting their eyes I smile the best I can before saying  “Hello, I'm Lana Parker.” The whole time I’m saying it I know with every molecule of my being they already know my name. The girl smiles as she introduces herself. “I’m Lisa Kindle it’s nice to meet you Lana.”  The not so intimidating guy tells me his name is Cain Rushing. I smile my fake smile, “It’s nice to meet you Cain.” I respond. I feel blondie’s eyes boring a hole through me he’s daring me to speak to him. Well, he can just keep waiting. If he thinks, I am a coward, then so be it. I don’t care. After a few seconds of me acting like he isn’t sitting at the table he clears his throat and holds his hand out to me. Ugh!  

“Hello I'm Case it's nice to meet you Lana." 

What other choice do I have but to look at him, to shake his hand? I raise my eyes to meet his. Taking a deep breath I take his hand in mine. I feel something electric shot straight up my arm. The smile on his face is mesmerizing. Slowly, he lets my hand go. But he continues to smile at me. I stare down at my empty beer bottle. I pick it up holding it to keep my hands busy, so they won’t shake. I feel like I’m going to jump out of my skin. The waitress comes back around with another round of beer for us all. I take mine without looking up. Everybody around the table is laughing having a grand old time. I try to tell myself I am being stupid that tomorrow everything will go back to normal. I just can’t make myself believe it. 

The next thing I see is Angie going out to the dance floor with the guy named Cain. Liz and Lisa are off with a couple of other guy's dancing. I have been so out of it; I didn’t even realize they had left. I can feel him staring at me waiting, wanting me to say something, but for the life of me, I can’t talk. My hands are squeezing the beer bottle I am holding. My grip is getting tighter and tighter around it but I can’t stop myself I feel the bottle give as it busts in my hands. I sit there, shocked at what I have done. I see blood mixing with beer running down my arms. “Damn" I hear someone yell. I finally look up to see Case standing over me. “I'm sorry” I say, not really understanding what I was apologizing to him for. 

“Come on let’s get you in the bathroom where you can clean yourself up so we can see how badly your hands are hurt.” Case’s face is filled with worry and concern as he speaks.

I stand up walking towards the bathroom. I’m so out of it I paid little to no attention to Case or the fact that at some point he called the girl named Lisa over to walk in the restroom with me. I am numb by the time I am in the restroom with my hands under the water. I watch as the blood mixed with beer runs down the drain. Within minutes the water begins to run clear I glare down at my hands seeing nothing. No cuts, not even a scratch how could that be? I remember seeing all the blood. I felt the glass when it penetrated my skin. I take a deep breath turn the water off grab a paper towel proceeding to dry my hands. I’ve made a decision it may be one of the craziest decisions I’ve ever made in my life but I’m figuring I’ve got nothing to lose. I’m going to ask Lisa what is wrong with me. I’m going to question if she knows me or not. Something tells me she can explain a lot to me but then again she might tell me I’m mentally ill in which case I’d have to agree with her assumption with that fact as well. The thing is I no longer care if I’m wrong about Lisa and her friends if I am maybe they will get the hell away from me once they find out I need to be in the loony bin. Right now I wish they would leave I wish I would never see them again so again I ask myself “What do I have to lose?” 

 Turning around I face Lisa. She is taller than me her hair is cut short and dyed a deep purple. She has fair skin with a ring through her nose. It goes nicely with all the earrings running up both her ears. She is slim, but you can tell she works out by all the muscles in her arms and legs. She has a short mini skirt on with a skin-tight low cut shirt. Dressed head to toe in black her fishnet stockings and black leather boots with the five inch hills complete her assemble. She is very pretty but I think she would be completely beautiful if she’d calm down on the purple hair possibly remove a few earrings but then again I've always say to each their own. 

“Nice boots Lisa” I say trying to decide the best way to bring up something as crazy as what I am about to ask her. 

“Thanks Lana.” 

Okay here goes nothing. I take a deep breath “Lisa you want to tell me what's going on?” She looks at me exactly as I thought she would like she doesn’t have the slightest idea what I am talking about. I stand my ground hold my hands out to her “Look no cuts they’re all gone. I know you know something, please help me. I feel like I'm losing my mind.” Lisa takes a step closer to me her face turning sad she reaches for my hands turning them over as she inspects them. 

“Lana I'm sorry honey for all you’re going through right now. Please believe me when I tell you that. Yes, sweetie I know what’s going on, but I'm sorry, I can't tell you anything. You’re going to have to talk to Case. I will tell you this we are here for you. Things will be made clear to you tonight. Just go out that door Case is waiting for you, he will explain everything. He’s waited his whole life for this moment Lana.” 

She gives my hands another squeeze before letting them go. Giving Lisa one last look I head for the door. When I reached the bathroom door, I take a calming breath hold it for a moment before releasing it. I repeated the process a few times before I open the door. There he stands one of the most beautiful boys I have ever had the pleasure of laying my eyes on. He is looking at me with those amazing blue eyes. He runs his hands through his messy hair pushing it back from his face then smiles that heart stopping smile at me. My God this guy is sexy. I walk towards him, as I get closer he pushes himself off the wall he is leaning against. He never breaks eye contact with me. When I reach him, he glances down at my hands acts like he wants to touch them then changes his mind. 

“How are your hands?” 

I regard at my hands again. “They're fine see not even a scratch." I put my hands down looking into his beautiful eyes and ask, “I’m wondering if you could tell me how that could be?” 

Case continues to hold eye contact with me. He takes my hands into his I feel the same shock wave run through me again. I wonder if he feels it too, or if it is just me. “Let's dance” he says leading me to the dance floor. The music changes to a slow song, I can’t help but wonder if he had something to do with the change in the music. In my head, I hear him speak, "I did.” My eyes meet his again he is staring at me. His hands wrap around my waist he pulls me close to his body. He whispers in my ear “relax baby move to the music”. I try to relax but there are so many questions I have like “Who are you? What's happening to me? How can I break a beer bottle with my hands? How did my hands heal within minutes?” It’s as if he understands I can’t take it any longer he begins talking. 

“Lana this is going to be hard for you to hear. You’re not going to believe me but please let me finish what I have to say before you say anything.” I nod my head because for the life of me, I can’t find my voice to speak. I stand there listening to one of the craziest stories I’ve ever heard in my life. “There’s a man he is married a woman their names are Harris and Summer Livingston eighteen years ago they had a beautiful baby girl, they loved her with all their hearts but they had to give her up to keep her safe.”

I feel the dread bubbling up in my chest. Case continues with his story. Oh my God I am adopted that is the only thing running through my head. Tears commence running down my cheeks. My heart is breaking splinting in half I’m not sure I can handle this.  

“Lana honey, you have to listen to me you need to calm down. You were not adopted.” 
I look up at Case “I never said that out loud. How do you know what I am thinking?” 

Case is looking at me I can see uncertainty in his eyes he is worried about what he should say I can see it in his eyes when he reaches his decision “Lana I know you have heard me tonight in your head. I know you heard me while you were outside in line to get in the club. Its eleven forty five at midnight tonight you will be eighteen everything you've know your whole life will change. You’re going to find out your whole life has been a lie everything you've always thought is real has been nothing but a smokescreen to keep you safe. I’m running out of time here, I don’t have time to explain everything to you right now not the way you need me too anyway. But I must tell you the friends you came here with tonight, your parents, every single person you've ever known will forget who you are minutes from now. But while they are forgetting you everything else you’ve never known about in this world is going to find out you are alive they are going to smell you. When they do they are going to be come for you. They will hunt you down with one goal in mind that’s to kill you Lana. You were never supposed to be alive. We have to get you out of here now before it’s too late. I swear too you I’ll explain everything, answer every question you have I’ll do whatever you want me to do if you’ll just leave with me right now. Let me take you home. To your real home to your real parents please.”

I look at him like he is crazy then I tell him just that “You’re crazy this is the stupidest thing I’ve ever heard of in my life let go of me.” I try to pull away from him, but he is too strong he won’t let me go. 

“Lana you have to believe me. We don’t have time for this. We have to get you out of here now it’s almost midnight. The shield is going to drop everything from heaven to hell along with everything in between is going to know you are alive. If it’s within a hundred miles of here it will smell you instantly once the shield is gone. I’m begging you please come with us, I swear you will understand everything soon.” 

“Let go of me” I yell at him again. This time I push him. He falls backwards the smallest amount but it’s enough for him to lose his grip on my arm. I run to the bathroom I push on the door squealing in shock when the door breaks off from its hinges flying across the bathroom before busting against the opposite wall. I am really crying by now I look around making sure no one else is in the bathroom lucky for me there not  I walk over to the door wondering how I keep doing this shit to doors. Looking at the door I think maybe I can put it back on its hinges. Putting my hands on either side of it I lift up expecting the door to be heavy instead I finding it light as a feather. I place the door on its hinges then pick up the long bolts that held the door in place to begin with. I’m pretty sure I can get the bolts through the wholes at least enough to hold the door up until it can be fixed. I put the first bolt in the top hole when I give it a push it goes all the way in with no problem. Placing the second bolt in its hole on the bottom I push down watching in wonder as it slides into place easily. I know I shouldn’t be able to do shit like this it’s not right. Could it be possible the crazy story Case was telling could have some sort of merit to it?  I know there’s no way everyone I know and love has forgotten who I am. Looking down at my watch I see its three minutes after twelve. Taking my phone out of my pants pocket, I call Angie. She picks up on the second ring. 
“Hello” she says sounding like she had been asleep.  
“Angie it's me can you come in the bathroom I need to talk to you.” 
“Who is this?”  
“Who do you think it is?” I reply. 
“Well if I knew, then I wouldn't be asking now would I” Angie responds sarcastically.
“It's me Lana, come into the bathroom I need to talk to you” I beg. 
 
“I don't know anyone named Lana. I'm in the bed trying to sleep so don't call my number again.” Angie yells though the phone right before the line goes dead. I call Liz she hangs up on me too. I hear it again Case calling to me he’s telling me we have to go. Crying I look around for a way out. There is a window. I could go out the window get a cab to take me home Mom and Dad will tell me what is happening. They will never forget me. Running to the window I push up on it, the whole window frame comes off in my hands. I drop it to the floor, placing my hands where the window once was I lift myself through it.
 
 






CHAPTER 4

I am out the window standing on my feet in a matter of seconds. As I search around me, I realize I’m in an ally. I can see dumpsters everywhere the smell of the trash is enough to make me sick. I’m trying to decide which way I need to go when I notice the street lights coming from my left. I start walking towards the lights the fog becoming heavier with every step I take. I can barely see the street lights through the fog now I remove my cell phone from my pocket again opening it up I flip though my apps until I find my flashlight app. When I locate the app I turn it on shinning the light down on the nasty street then proceed to launch my body down the foggy road slowly. 

I make it about half-way down the alley when I hear something. I stop walking so I can restart my app when the light is on again I hold the phone out in front of me trying to see where the sound is coming from. I hear the noise again. “Hello is someone out there?” I call no one answers. This is the third time I’ve heard the same sound but it seem to be getting closer to me. 

My light goes out again making me have to restart the stupid app over once it’s on I hold the light out trying to look behind the dumpster. I can’t see anything I tell myself to keep walking. Besides it’s more than likely rat’s behind the dumpster. I set out walking again picking up my speed.  I’m moving forwards as fast as I can without running. My hands start to feel hot like they are being held under hot water. Something starts to speak to me. It’s not a voice like when I hear Case in my head. This is different it’s like my whole body feels it. It hits me then it’s not a voice at all it’s my body. My body is talking to me telling me there is danger coming. It’s hard to explain the feeling I’m getting the closest thing I can compare it to you might understand is the feeling you’re body gets when you feel someone is watching you. You’re whole body goes on alert ready to spring into action at a moment’s notice. Now if you understand that feeling imagine it only a thousand times stronger. Instead of being afraid, I feel excited my adrenaline has me so pumped up I want to fight, my body is craving it. Never in my life have I ever felt anything like this before. 

I look back towards the place the noise is coming from two things becoming obvious at once the first is I no longer need the flashlight app my eyes is seeing everything as if it’s day light instead of night. I can see everything clearly it is amazing. I’m looking around examining everything in sight when I hear the noise again. I turn back to the dumpster sucking in a sharp breath when I see it for the first time. This is where the second thing comes into play. Never in my life have I seen anything like it. It’s freaking huge it’s got one red eye in the middle of its head it’s skin is a deep blood red. Something slimy is running from its mouth looking a lot like slobber “gross.”  It has a tail like a dragon with spikes beginning at the top of its head and running all the way down to its tail. It standing on four legs like a dog its mouth is open into something resembling freaky smile. Its teeth are pointy each about four inches long. Slobber drips from its mouth making smoke rise from the ground with each drip still, I feel no fear. I am ready. A growl comes from the creatures' mouth. I glance around for something I can use as a weapon. I see a metal pipe running up the side of the building connected to the night club. 

Keeping my eyes on the creature in front of me I start walking sideways. The creature ensues slowly forward leaving a trail of smoke behind it. My hand hits the brick wall of the building. I never have to look for what I need my hand lands on the pipe as if it knew exactly where it had been located from the start. The creature is advancing at a higher rate of speed now. Wrapping my left hand around the pipe, I give a small tug, the pipe brakes free from the wall. I hear the nuts and bolts hitting the street. Without taking my eyes from the monster running my way I hold the pipe in front of me, it’s every bit of five feet long and at least three inches around. I feel my heart pumping fast but not with fear it’s beating with excitement. 

The monster is closing in on me now. The smell it puts off is making the trash smell like roses. Without thinking or even knowing what I am doing; I hold the pipe in both hands in front of me. My left foot steps forward for stability then my mind clears instinct takes over. Holding the pipe in the middle using both hands I have it flying around like I’m some kind of freaking ninjas  I hit the monster as soon as in its within reach. The hit I landed only makes its head fly back which causes the crap dripping from its mouth to fly everywhere. 

Now I can see its not steam coming up from the ground instead every time the thing's slobber hits anything it actually burns it like acid. Without thinking I am flipping backwards through the air. I flip through the air at least four or five times. I hit the ground landing on my back the monster is on top of me before I have time to blink. It let out a huge growl. I move my head to the left right in time to miss the slim falling from its mouth. Watching as it burns the concrete beside me. Its breath smells like vomit. “So” I question “Have you ever been told you have some really bad breathe?" I swear to you it actually smiled at me. “what” I respond, you enjoy having bad breath?”  Its two-front legs are on either side of my shoulders. I had let go of my pipe, which is now lying across my stomach. I grab the monster by its neck trying to get it off of me instead the only thing I succeed in doing is finding out its skin is really is slimy. 

Before I have the chance to make another move, its right front pawl makes a move for my face I pull my head back, the pawl ends up hitting me across my chest. About an inch away from my neck I feel the claws sink deep into my skin. “Son-of-bitch” I scream the pain is excruciating. Thank god the claw missed my neck or I’d be dead about now.  Looking at the monsters face, I watch it open its mouth showing off god awful teeth.  
 The son-of-a-bitch then proceeds to really shock the hell out of me. It speaks. I’m not joking the fucker can talk. In a growling voice, it says “you’re dead Princess”. I feel my chest burning from the cuts. 
“You ugly piece of shit who the hell you think you’re talking to?" I yell. Then with my right leg I come up with a big kick, hitting it in the ribs or stomach I don't really know what you’d really call the place I hit it. The kick had so much force behind it the monster went flying through the air. I use my shoulders to push myself off the ground. I grab the pipe in my hands at the same time I jump straight to my feet. I run toward the monster needing to reach it before it has time to stand back up. Drawing my pipe back I hit it in the head. Letting out a growl it jumps to its feet again it’s on me before I know it. Big pawl’s hitting me from the left and right as it growls. I start stumbling backwards. I recover my balance then start kicking using round houses. Between each kick, I use the pipe knocking it in the head with each end before kicking again. The thing finally falls but starts trying to get back up. I scream “Damn you stay down, you slimy piece of shit.” It takes a huge leap towards me as I come around with another kick. 

It’s standing on its two back legs using its front pawl's to catch my kicks. While holding my leg in its one pawl it uses the other to sink its claws deep into my leg before I am able to pull free from its grip. It draws its giant pawl back again as I struggle to break free, I watch as the pawl comes down on my leg. This time I feel the bone in my leg when it breaks right below the knee. I’m screaming the pain is excruciating. I begin hitting it with it the pipe while I am stumbling backwards trying not to put weight on my right leg. Then an idea strikes me. Grabbing the pipe further back I draw it over my head striking it with the end of the pipe, it falls backwards. I draw back repeatedly sending the pipe end to the monsters face it doesn’t take long before it lands on the ground. Lunging forward I continue to hit it. I am feeling sick my body is aching all over. I know I am going to have to kill this thing before I pass out, or I am dead. I hear Case in my head again telling me they are on their way to just hang-on “Get the hell out of my head I don't have time for you!" I yell. He might not hear me yelling, but I am positive he is reading my thought’s he gets me loud and clear. The whole time I’m yelling at Case I’ve never stop hitting the monster which is now on its back trying to kick with its feet. I draw the pipe back knowing this is going to be the last hit. Looking down at the ugly, slimy, smelly thing I scream.

  “Go to hell dickhead” with that I come down hard with the pipe sending the end of it into the things one eye. It lets out a huge ear piercing scream, while I continue pushing the pipe until I feel the end hit concrete. The monster goes silent all movement stops. I stand there a moment holding the pipe watching for any sign of life. When I’m satisfied its dead I finally let go of the pipe turning around, I fall against the dumpster just to the right of me knowing I wouldn't be able to move any further. I slide down the dumpster sick. I am going to pass out the one good thing is my body is going numb I don't feel the pain anymore. I feel my eyes shut. I am losing consciousness when someone picks me up. I open my eyes seeing a face looking down at me. I hear him say, “I've got you Princess everything will be alright.” I remember thinking this is the third time someone has called Princess. What the hell is up with that? I also wonder where all these hot guys keep coming from. 
The one holding me is beyond anything I’ve ever seen. He is the total opposite of Case in every way. The man I’m staring at is more attractive than any man could ever possibly be. He has to be some kind of god…maybe he’s a Greek god that is possible after everything I’ve been through tonight anything is believable.  The Greek god holding me his hair is so black it looks almost blue. His eyes so dark they appear as black as his hair. His hair is pulled back in a ponytail from his face. I can’t tell how long it is but it would have to at least hit the top of his wide shoulders in order for it all to be in a ponytail the way it is. His skin is like porcelain his pink lips are full begging for attention. His deep voice is about the sexiest thing I’ve ever heard. I thought Case was beautiful, and he is but this guy goes beyond beautiful. He’s like a work of art you would never tire of looking at. My eyes start closing but not before I see him smile at me. I start hearing voices around me. I hear the Greek Gods deep voice. Yes I’ve decided to name him Greek god since I don’t know his name. Plus he looks like a freaking Greek God. Let’s not forget I’m crazy so I can do whatever I want to do. The Greek Gods voice holding me go’s cold telling somebody if they can’t keep up with the Princess, then he will gladly take the job. I hear a voice that sounds like Case telling the Greek god to go to hell and to stay away from me. The last thing I remember thinking before everything goes black is who the hell is this Greek God. 




Chapter 5

I open my eyes looking around. I have no idea where I am at. It sort of resembles a hospital room. Everything begins rushing back to me. Lifting the blanket I look at my leg. No cast, I remembered my leg breaking. The sound it made when the bone broke. I am afraid to move so I deiced to touch my leg to see how bad the pain will be, but when I do there is no pain. Taking a deep breath, I lift my leg still no pain. Alright so far so good let’s try standing. Turning around in the bed, I put my feet on the floor taking a deep breath preparing myself for whatever misery I am about to inflict upon myself. Here goes nothing I say to myself right before standing straight up. I stretch first but nothing hurts. There is a mirror on the far wall I walk over to it to see how bad I look. I see nothing not even a bruise. My hair, on the other hand, is a different story. It looks like it hasn’t been combed in a week. Running my fingers through it, I try to tame it down but finally give up all hope of being able to do anything with it. 

I go over to the door open it up then stick my head out all I see is a giant hallway, not a person in sight not even a nurse’s station. Stepping out I look from left to right trying to find a person someplace but I don’t have any luck theirs no one in sight. Taking in my surroundings, I realize I’m not in Kansas anymore. I stand frozen in place my eyes darting around taking in everything around me. Never in my life have I seen anything as beautiful. The walls are white like the mother of pearl. The ceilings are by far the highest I’ve ever seen in my life. They have to be at least twenty to thirty feet tall with the same mother of pearl color as the walls. 
Paintings line the walls each one is gigantic and more magnificent than the next. All of them have to be at least six-foot tall. I walk to one of the paintings inspecting it. Upon closer investigating I see the people in them are kings and queens; they are all beautiful. I stop at one painting which catches my eyes it’s a portrait of a beautiful young woman her hair is long and red. It’s piled on top of her head with some lose strains hanging around her face. She has big blue eyes, her skin is flawless. As I gaze at her, my gut is shouting at me. The sensation running through me is screaming I know her. Taking my eyes away from the woman in the picture my eyes immediately land upon another one that captivates me. It’s of a man with light blonde hair, blue eyes. He is well-built and very handsome. I experience the same emotion with his picture as I did with the woman’s only seconds ago.  “There you are" someone calls making me jump. Turning towards the sound of the voice I see the girl from the club I believe her name had been Lisa. She is standing there with a huge smile on her face making me believe she is truly happy to see me. “Hey” I say. She walks over to where I am standing then looks upon the picture I’m standing in front of. Her eye’s drifts to the picture of the beautiful woman with the red hair before; once again landing on me she looks back and forth between the picture and me a couple of times. 

“She’s beautiful isn’t she?” 

“Yeah she is… who is she? I question.

“She's our queen and he is our king” she says pointing at the man I'd been looking at. 

“Aw I see” I say glancing back at the pictures. Where the hell am I at?  I wonder to myself. 

“Come on let’s go back to your room sage is waiting for you.” 

“What’s a sage?” I question. 

“Well he’s sort of what you’d call a doctor only he’s couple of Million times better to have around than any regular doctor you’ll ever meet.”  

“Aw” I say again as we head back to the room I just come from. We walk in the room and I stop dead in my tracks. My mind is trying to comprehend what it is I’m seeing exactly. First off, how the hell did it get in the room without me seeing it? “What is that?” I demand from Lisa. 

“That my friend is Sage” Lisa replies.

“OK”…is my only response I’m not sure what an appropriate retort would be at this point. I’m standing here eyeing what Lisa calls a doctor, he is short maybe three foot tall he’s also three foot wide to go with it. If that tells you anything, his face is almost comical. He has a nose like a pig. His ears are sort of shaped like human ears except; they flop over at the top like a dog's ears do. On each side of his mouth he has whiskers sticking straight out like cats dose. Then he speaks, he sounds as normal as you or I do only he talks about a mile a minute.

“There you are Missy glad to see you’re up. Feeling better are we?”  Sage questions with a smile on his odd face little face. 

“Yes I am, Thank you for asking” I reply without moving as I concentrate with all my might to understand everything he is saying to me. He speaks faster than the Tasmanian devil on crack. 

“Come, come," he says his words running together as he motioning with his hands for me towards him. Lisa gives me a push on the back. I walk over to him without saying anything. He takes me by the arm with one of his hands, as he pushes my head back with the other inspecting the place where the gash was one located. 

“Good your chest has healed up nicely no scaring at all. How is the leg? Feel any pain when you move?” 

“No” I reply smiling at him, deciding I like him and the way he talks. He is cute in a weird way. He looks up at me and says, yea, yea, yea, really fast his head nodding up and down with his words. 

“Sage did good miss yes?” He questions. 

“Yes thank you, you did great.” The door opens, Case and Cain walk in. 

“Good to see you up.” Case says. 

“Thanks” I respond before asking “how long have I been asleep?” 

“Six days” Case counters with a tired look on his face like he hasn’t been getting enough sleep. He continues talking “the Drag that’s the thing that attacked you its whole body is nothing but poison, every time it cut you; it sent poison into your body you had a lot cut's so therefore a lot of poison.” 

“I see” I said not really seeing at all, so I decided to ask. “Could someone please explain to me what the hell a Drag is?" 

“I got this one” Lisa returns. “The Drag is a lower-class demon it's a really nasty creature." 

“Okay” I reply nodding my head up and down. Then I respond, “Someone needs to start talking right now. I want to know what's going on. The last thing I remember is the Drag thingy attacking me I put a metal pipe through its face when it fell to the ground and killed it. My leg was broken, and then I passed out. Now I'm here.” 

“Look” Case says “why don't you get a shower Lisa bought you some clothes she put them in the dresser over there.” He points toward a dresser. “Then we will sit down and discuss everything while we eat something.” 

“Alright that sounds fair” I retort number one because I really need a shower. Number two I need time to deal with what all has happened to me. Plus I need to ready myself mentally for what I’m about to hear. I know whatever it is I’m not going to like. Turning away from Case, I walk to the dresser open the top drawer seeing bras and panties all matching sets and just the size, which wasn’t hard for anyone to figure out since I have nothing up top. You can find my bras in the kid's section of any department store. Picking up the first ones I get my hands on. I open the second drawer seeing tank tops. I pick up a black one. The third drawer holds shorts I grab a pair out to go with the black tank top. I shut the drawer back. I can feel every one’s eyes on me. Case is speaking to me. He’s telling me they will leave me alone so I can take my shower then come down stairs when I am ready.

I hear the door close as everyone leaves the room. I walk into the bathroom only to be blown away again. First off, it is huge the floors are tile as well as the walls. The tiles appear to be gold. I want to say that is impossible but I’ve come to realize anything is possible so it all could be freaking gold for all I know. The sink is amazing it’s in the shape of a seashell. The faucet is gold the tub is huge just like everything else in this place. It has jets all the way around its seashell shaped body with gold faucets of course. “Oh my God, I may never leave the bathroom.” I tell myself as I turn the water on to the tub making sure it’s good and hot before I begin undressing. I sink into the tub while it is still filling. I lay back letting the water cover my body. It takes the tub a long time to feel up because of its size. I am afraid I’m going run out of hot water however it seems to have a never-ending supply. This is fantastic. The water is as hot when I turn it off as it was when I first turned it on. God I've got to tell Mom and Dad, about this we need a water heater as big as this one. We run out of hot water before everyone is done showering every time. It hits me then my parents and my brothers I haven’t even thought about them once since I opened my eyes a couple of hours ago. God what is wrong with me they must be worried to death. Then I remember Case telling me my family no longer remembers me. 

Has my mom and dad really forgotten me like he said they would? What about my brothers? I can’t imagine them forgetting they have an older sister. I am only a year older than my twin brothers but trust me I always made sure they knew who the oldest child in the family is. Tears spill down my face mixing with the bubbling water as the jets massage my body. The tears are falling for everybody I have lost. They fall for the life I once had, but now is gone. I am angry with the people that give me away when I was born. If they didn't want me then why eighteen years later have they decided to do this to me? What gives them the right to destroy my life? Why didn’t my parents tell me they weren't my real parents? My god they never adopted me. I have been going by a last name that’s not even mine. I don't know what my last name is. How pathetic is that?  The tears continue to run down my face as I make a conscious decision I will never let these people see any weakness from me. My tears will end when I leave this bathroom. 
I can deal with all this. I have no other choice but to deal with it. There is no way in hell; I am going to show them I’m scared or hurt in any way. I wonder if my birth parents are here, if they are why haven’t they come to see me?  I don't give a shit I tell myself. I don’t want to see them either. I stay in the seashell tub until my hands look like prunes. The water commences to cool so I set up proceeding to wash my hair then my body. I get out of the tub pick up my watch and realize I’ve stayed in the tub for over an hour. I brush my teeth, get dressed, blow dry my hair. By the time I get done with all of that another hour has passed. My hair is incredibly thick as well as being extremely long so something as simple as blow drying becomes a huge job in my case. 

Lisa had bought all kinds of makeup but I didn’t put any on. I did pick up the cherry lip gloss though applying some to my dry lips. Plus it helped add a small amount of color to my pale face and lifeless eyes. Deciding I’ve put this off as long as possible I determine it’s time for me to put my big girl’s panties on. I need to get this shit over with. I need to get down there to show these people they can’t intimidate me. Walking out the bedroom I’m wondering how I’m going to manage to find my way around a place this size. I might not let the people here intimidate me but this freaking house sure the hell dose. I make it as far as the spot Lisa found me standing earlier when I realize I have no idea what way I should go. I guess the best thing I can do is locate the stairs. Case did say for me to come down stairs when I was ready so I need to find a set of stairs. 
With a plan set I head out is search of stairs to take me to the floor below. I go left remembering Lisa had come from that direction earlier. As I’m making my way down the hall I can’t help but marvel at the beauty around me. It’s enough to take my breath away. Flowers are everywhere pictures line the walls the further down I walk the older the pictures get. I’d put money on the fact some of these pictures go back to the beginning of time. I’m not playing with you my eyes are surveying some really old shit here. I’m talking caveman times. When I come to the end of the hall, it splits off going both left and right. Lucky for me before I have time to panic much I see Cain regarding me with a small smile playing across his face. He stops when he’s standing in front of me. 

“Are you lost” he inquires with a warm smile on his face. He is such a handsome guy, the dimples he has when he smiles could melt any girl’s heart. He’s not extremely tall maybe five ten his short brown hair compliments his wide brown eyes. His body appears to be nothing but bulky muscles he has to be into the weight lifting thing.  The thought makes me snort because it reminds me of my stupid thoughts about me becoming a weight lifter. 

“Yea maybe a little, sorry if I held up dinner, but once I was in that tub I knew I'd be a while.” He starts laughing at me which helps me relax some. Cain’s warm easy going personality and his contagious laugh has a way of putting a person at ease. 

“I know what ya mean sometimes I lay in mine with the jets going until I fall asleep but don't worry about diner Lisa and I ate already. Case is the only one you'll be eating with, and he's been waiting for you. Come on I'll take you to the dining room.” 

I follow Cain down the hallway repeating my new dialog to myself. Mentally preparing for what lies ahead of me. “I will not let them see me cry I am stronger than anything they can throw at me I will get through this.” I say this continually. Cain leads me down a long beautiful wooden stair case when we reach the bottom we step into a huge room, I'd bet my life it’s bigger than my school gym. Beautiful is not a strong enough word to describe what I’m seeing. Magnificent, mesmerizing those are far better words to use. The ceilings are as tall as the ones upstairs but that is the only thing they have in common. These are a mixture between stained glass and exquisite art, the details are unbelievable angels are everywhere if I didn’t know better I’d think I was actually seeing heaven. I am honestly mesmerized by the site before me rendered speechless at the wonder my eyes are beholding. Cain’s voice interrupts me. Looking away from the ceiling I look to where he is standing. “Sorry I’ve never seen a place like this before.”  

“You’ll get used to it after a while you won’t pay attention to it. Come on I’d better get you to the dining room, you’ve missed too many meals as it is. After going a week without eating you need the food in a bad kind of way. You look like a strong wind will blow you away." 

“Hey” I complain, almost offended by his words. 

“Well it’s true! You need to eat." 

“Yeah I know I’m starving, but I’m not skinny alright, I’d rather think of myself as toned not skinny.”  He begins laughing at me as soon as I say the word “toned” “If you say so slim, come on let’s go find your “toned” body some food before a good strong wind blows you away.”  He responds. We walk side by side chitchatting until entering the dining room. The first thing I take notice of is the huge table in the middle of the room I swear you could sit at least a hundred people at the thing. Its gold I mean really it appears to be a freaking golden table. A huge gold table at that, with angels carved into it. So far every room I’ve been in is consumed with angels a little strange if you ask me. I’m contemplation one of the angels painted on the wall beside me, I jump. The damn things head turns its eyes boring into mine. “Holy shit did you see that?” I demand of Cain. My heart is beating in over drive. Something is so wrong with this place and these people. 
“What are you talking about? Cain questions. 
“The angel in that picture there its head freaking moved.” I shout pointing at the angel gawking at me.
“Yea...um…you really do need to get some food in you.” 
“Oh hell no you don’t, you are so not going to dumb up on me now.”
“What are you talking about…I’m not dumbing up on you about anything. You’re the one with the mental issues if you believe for a second that an angel painted on a wall is moving around watching you. You do understand how crazy you sound right?” 
Cain is shaking his head while he laughs he’s regarding me like I’m a total nut job. I’m glaring at the angel wishing it to move. But nothing happens maybe I really am going crazy. “Yea ok…you are probably right but come on with everything I’ve gone through since meeting you guys , why should I think it’s so out of the realm of normal for you guys to have moving painting as well?”  
“Yea…I get you but this is not a Harry potter world trust me when I tell you it’s only a painting nothing more.” 
“Yea…alright but…”
“It's about time a guy could starve to death waiting for you." I turn towards the voice knowing who it is without looking the deep baritone sends chills through my body.  

“Sorry but it has been a week since I have had a bath, so what can I say” The tone of my voice sounded steady with an air of confidents’ to it but my heart feels as if it is fixing to explode from my chest; unless I get the little sucker under control. Cain is laughing again of course I’m beginning to believe he laughs about everything.
Case speaks up ignoring Cain who is holding his nose and making gaging sounds as he points at me. He is freaking adorable I’m positive if I had known him at school we would have been great friends maybe even more. His personality matches perfectly with mine. 
  “Are you ready to eat? The cook has been keeping everything warm waiting on you” Case questioned. 

“I’m sorry… if I had known someone was doing that I would have gotten ready faster. I really am sorry, but yes I’m ready to eat I’m starving.” 

“Cain will you let the cook know we’re are ready to eat on your way out." 

“Sure man whatever" Cain tells him. He punches me on the arm as he walks passed me heading toward another door I’m assuming leads to the kitchen. He yells over his shoulder “catch you later Lana.”
I wave to him before the door shuts. It’s the type of door which swings back and forth, must make it easier for whoever is serving food. 

“Let's sit down” Case motion towards the gold table. 

I head over to the table then wait to see where he sits. He takes a seat at the end of the table. I sit to the right of him only about three seats away. We sit there for a while neither of us speaking. Finally I decide one of us needs to break the ice, it might as well be me. Um…”Thanks for buying me the clothes. You might have gone a little over bored in the makeup department though.” 

“Don't worry about it, but to be honest with you Lisa is the one you’d need to thank not me. She’s the one who went shopping for everything and to her you can never have enough makeup. ” He retorts with fondness in his voice. 

 “I’ll make sure to thank her.” I’m holding my smile in place even though my stomach is churning like I might puke any moment. But I can’t let him or his friends see how scared I am or any sign of weakness it could be my down fall if I do. For all I know they are the bad guys and are holding me hostage. “Look” I say, “I don't want to sit here with you making small talk I want answers. What the hell is going on? Where am I? Furthermore, I want to talk to my mom and dad.  I know they have to be worried to death about me. I've got to call them.” I know he said my parents didn’t remember me anymore but if there is the slightest chance in hell he’s wrong I need to know. I have to try. Case doesn’t speak, but he pulls a cell phone out of his front pants pocket handing it to me. I look down seeing it is my phone. “What are you doing with my phone?” I demand. 

“It was on the ground where we found you. I picked it up…I thought you may want it.” 

“Um…yea…Sorry, I forgot about that.  I was using it as a flash light while I was in the ally." 

“That was a good idea I guess.”

“Yeah I thought so too. You can only imagine my surprise when out of know where my eye sight changed and I could see everything as if it were daylight outside instead of the freaking middle of the night. Oh I almost forgot, to top it all off the ugliest creature I’ve ever seen in my life tried to kill me. It seems said creature was a demon, a real freaking demon the kind that comes straight out Hell!” I knew I was being sarcastic my voice was raised to the point of yelling but I couldn’t help it. Pausing I took a couple of deep breathes to calm myself down before speaking again. I wasn’t going to accomplish anything by screaming and acting childish. If I wanted answers I needed to keep my cool about me. Feeling a little more under control I spoke again. “If you don't mind I'm going to call my parents now before we eat or talk anymore.” Looking down at my phone I hit contacts, then click on my mom’s number.

Case’s hands captures both of mine incasing the phone between my palms I look up startled to realize at some point he had moved from his seat at the head of the table and now occupied the seat next to me. I don’t even try to pull my hand away from his I hate to admit it but I feel the same electricity shooting up my arm from his touch as I felt the night at the club. I can feel currents flowing through my whole body now as his eyes capture mine holding them captive. Staring into his ocean blues it almost appears there is a storm going on in them giving the appearance the blue of his irises are twirling. My eyes widen when I realize he is feeling the same thing as me. I watch as he gets control over his emotions then he speaks his voice sounding deep rough and sexy.  

“Lana I’ve told you already your parents don’t remember you anymore. I’m so sorry honey, really I am. That phone is not working. The people you call parents never bought you that phone because you were never theirs. Their time line changed. I picked up the phone for you. I thought you would want to have it. You know as a way of remembering your old life by. The phone still has all your pictures on it.”

“Thank you Case that was nice of you, please don't take this the wrong way I do appreciate what you have all done for me truly I do, but you can't expect me to just take your word for all this? I need to speak to my mom and my dad. I have to know they're not worrying about me. Do you understand what I’m telling you?” Case nods his head letting me know he understands. I hit the two on my phone again but it won’t dial out. That’s like a punch to the chest I have to admit. “Would you mind if I use your phone” I ask him. He gives me his phone without saying a word. “Thank you.” I reply as I begin dialing my parent’s phone number.

I need to hear my mom or dad's voice I need to know for myself they're not out somewhere looking for me worried to death I might be dead somewhere. My mom answers on the fourth ring. She doesn’t sound in the least bit upset, so I went for it. “Hey mom it's me Lana. I wanted to let you guys know I’m alright I’ll be heading home in a while.” The voice on the other end of the phone gives a light laugh before speaking.

“I'm sorry sweetie but I don't have a daughter; I'm afraid you have the wrong number.” 

I feel my heart breaking a little more. "SS…Sorry” I eventually stutter out trying not to cry. “Could you tell me what number I dialed?" I listen as my mom calls out our home phone number. Knowing everything Case had told me is true. I’ll never again have the opportunity to have another discussion with my mother. My dad will never again lecture me about becoming an adult. I’ll never argue with my brothers again over stupid crap. I am nothing to any of them anymore. In that one moment my heart felt like it stopped beating and shattered, I had no one. After she called the number out I told her I was sorry for bothering her. My Mom being the wonderful person she is tells me in her soft friendly voice "that’s alright sweetie, I dial wrong numbers all the time.” I hold back the tears trying to spring free from my eyes, I promised myself in the bathroom I wouldn't cry in front of these people and I’ll be damned if I’m going to. I have no intention of breaking down I am stronger than that. I tilt my head back blinking my eyes to get my tears under control. I close Case’s phone giving it back to him. Putting my head back down, I see Case looking at me. “Well, you’re right they don't have a daughter, or they don't have one they can remember any way." 

“I'm sorry Lana but I did tell you.” 

“Yeah I guess you did” I say sarcastically. Case didn’t raise his voice or act like he is upset with me for the way I am speaking to him. He continues to observe me as if it really hurts him to see me upset. “Look” I say lowering my voice “Could you please tell me what’s going on?” Before he can speak the door opens up, a man brings food out on a cart. He glances over at me smiling. He is an older man maybe in his late fifty’s he has on wire-rimmed glasses he has a kind face with a few wrinkles. He looks at me and says “you are beautiful misses just like your mother.” “Thank you” I said, before realizing he is probably referring to my birth mother not my mom. To which I care nothing about and don’t want to look anything like her. It isn’t this man’s fault he is just trying to be nice, so I give him a smile never saying anything to his comment. The food he places in front of us looks and smells wonderful. The plates are filled with pasta covered in tomato sauce topped with chicken and shrimp. There is a bowl holding Texas toast. I feel as well as hear my stomach growling letting me know how hungry I really am. I hear Case laughing so I look over at him, before saying “sorry maybe we should eat before we talk.” Smiling Case tells me he thinks that might be a good idea.

"I'd hate for you to starve to death." He retorts putting me at ease with his friendly voice instead of scaring me the way he did the first time I saw him a week ago. Picking up my fork, I take a huge bite of my food. “Oh my God this is fantastic.” I say to the man that brought the food out. 

“Thank you misses that is very kind of you to say my name is Douglass, by the way." 

“Well this is fantastic Douglass you can call me Lana.” 

“No misses I can never refer to you by your first name.” 

“Sure you can don't be crazy Douglass. I'm no misses that’s for sure.” Douglass looks from me to Case like he doesn’t know what to say. 
Case looks at Douglass smiling “well you heard what she said Doug.”

 I am still stuffing food in my mouth like it has been a month since my last meal. Well, it has been a week so I have the right to starving. Douglass never said anything he gives a nod of his head then takes his cart disappearing back from where he came. To which I figure has to be the kitchen. Picking up my second piece of toast I continue to eat without saying a word. I hear Case snort out a laugh once before he begins eating. After a while I lean back in my chair not able to eat another bite. Case is looking at me smiling. 

“Did you get enough to eat? There’s a piece of toast left.” 

“I think I might bust my gut open if I put another bite in my mouth.” 

“I don't think I've ever seen anyone eat that fast or that much. Not even Cain and believe me, he can put the food away. Do you always eat like that?” 

I feel my face turning red realizing I must have really made a pig of myself. Then I think what do I care what he thinks of me. I mean it's not like I know him or anything the whole time I was thinking that I know good and well I’m lying to myself. “Sorry I guess I made a real pig of myself” Case starts laughing at me.

“No its fine I understand you haven’t eaten in a week. You have every right to be hungry. It's just been my experience girls never put food away like that, at least not in front of guys."

“Haha... funny, have been around a lot girls who have gone a week without food?" 

“As far as I know you're my first.” He answers smiling. 

I feel really comfortable with Case. Well, as comfortable as I can be around someone I have just met. He also keeps staring at me like I am food or something. Deciding I am ready to hear what he has to say I say, “We have eaten. You said we would talk while we were eating, but due to my lack of food and piggish behavior the talking had to be postponed but now I’m full and ready to hear everything.” 

“Okay, what do you say we go out for a walk, and I'll answer all your questions?”

“Great lead the way.” I follow Case back to the big room with the stained glass ceilings. I have to stop again to marvel at the beauty of it. Looking up at the ceiling, I noticed the angels looked different like they had moved. I’m going freaking crazy that’s all there is to it. 

“You coming or are you going to stand there looking at the ceiling?” Case asked. 

“Yeah I’m coming it’s just those angel’s look like they have moved. I know you don’t have to say it I’m crazy.” 

“I was just going to tell you to keep up. I don't want to lose you every few seconds because something catches your eye. We have a lot to talk about, and I would like to answer all your question's before your Mom, and Dad get back.” 

That hit a nerve. I feel my heart speed up. “Don’t call those people my parents!” I know I am yelling but can’t stop myself. “I've never seen those people before in my life they didn’t even care enough about me when I was born to keep me. They gave me away like I was a fucking puppy or something. They are not my mom and dad. Can’t you understand what I’m saying? Why did they send you to come after me when I turned eighteen? Why couldn't they leave me alone? I was happy. I don't want to meet them I want nothing to do with them. They may have given birth to me but that is all they did. My parents live at 128 north Pick Street in Atlanta GA. I couldn’t stop the yelling. I know Case didn’t do anything wrong by calling them my parents, but he has to understand how I feel.

“I’m sorry Lana I should have thought before I said that. I never meant to hurt you. I guess I forget you don't know them. Case walks back to where I was standing. He puts his right hand under my chin his thumb rubbing my bottom lip. Our eyes meet. The feel of his hand touching me has the electricity zooming through my body again. He takes another step closer to me. I move toward him at the same time without realizing it. My body is drawn to him his touch sets me on fire .We are standing close together I can feel his breath on my face. I see longing in his eyes. I know he wants to kiss me. I want him to, I want to feel his lips on mine to see if they are as soft as they look I want to taste him with everything in me.  

Case's other hand comes up capturing the side of my face. We never take our eyes off one another. Slowly, he bends down making sure his eyes hold mine. I hold my breath waiting for our lips to touch preparing my brain for the fact this beautiful guy is fixing to kiss me. A kiss I have longed for from the first time I saw him, I realize. The chills I had felt when I first saw him watching me had nothing to do with being afraid of him and everything to do with the fact I was drawn to him. I just didn’t want to admit it to myself at the time. 

Case's lips touch mine softly at first. I thread my fingers in his hair pulling him closer me to deepen the kiss. When I do that is all the incentive he needs. His hands drop from my face going around my waist pulling my body hard against his deepening the kiss even more. He’s holding me so tight I’m a little concerned I might end up having to visit Sage again for broken ribs. If I do, it will be totally worth it. God this guy can kiss. His tongue is mating with mine like he can’t get enough of me. The kiss goes on forever before we finally break apart both of us breathing hard. Case’s eyes are smoldering as they stare into mine.

“God Lana you have no idea, how long I’ve waited to do that.”  His hands are still wrapped around my body.  His eyes are blazing with desire. Without another word he bends down taking my lips again kissing me with such passion it takes my breath away. This kiss doesn’t last as long as the first one did but it holds more power to it. It feels as if he’s trying to suck my very essence from my soul. When the kiss ends Case puts his forehead against mine as he whispers “I am so happy you are here. You are the most beautiful thing I have ever seen. I swear to you right here, right now I will be by your side through everything. You are not alone Lana you have me, everything will work it’s self out just give it time.”

Cain come’s flying in the room like a bat out of Hell yelling the King and Queen are home. I pull away from Case as fast as I can while sending up a salient prayer Cain didn’t see us kissing. I know he saw Case hugging me but if that’s all he saw I’m sure he thought Case was only comforting me because of everything that’s happened. However, by the twinkle in his eyes and the little smirk on his face, I know he saw a lot more than the hug. 



CHAPTER 6 

I can tell from the expression on Case’s face I hurt him when I vaulted from his arms the way I did. But right now I can’t be worrying about him. I have bigger problems to freak out over. I am about to have a total melt down my heart is racing, my breathing is erratic I have to get out of here. I can’t see them right now I’m hanging on by a thin thread as it is. If I have to meet them in this moment I will completely lose it. "I don’t want to see them” I scream to both guys. “I can’t deal with this on top of everything else.” As I’m yelling this I can hear the panic in my own voice but I can’t stop it. 

“Come on" Cain says taking hold of my hand “I'll take you out the kitchen door.” 

Giving Case one last glance I take off running with Cain. We run through the kitchen Douglass is bent over loading the dishwasher. He never even lifts his head to see what is going on, That tells me he is used to people running though his kitchen at mock one. Hell for all I know he does the same thing. Cain opens the kitchen door. We sprint out and keep going, eventually stopping some distance away. The first thing I take notice of is a gigantic flower bed filled with flowers of all colors, there is a mountain rock walkway leading to an old wishing well which is also constructed of mountain rock. It has a wooden “V” shaped roof on it with ivy growing up the sides almost completely covering the rocks. Like everything else I have seen it this place it is beautiful. 

“You’ll be safe here. I’m sorry, but I have to go back in to see the King and Queen.” 

“Why? Will you get in trouble if you don't?" I question only halfway playing. For all I know my birth parents might have you beheaded if you don’t greet them with the proper greeting. 

“No I won’t get in trouble.” He says Laughing. “See unlike you, I want to see them. They are good people Lana. They have always been there for me anytime I have ever needed them. I love them like they were my own parents. I know you’re hurt right now I completely understand that. But don’t let your hurt turn to anger and take away your chance of getting to know two truly remarkable people. Take your time deal with this shit however you need to then let it go and move forward.” 

Cain gives my shoulder a squeeze then I watch as he walks away heading back toward the house. Well, it’s really more of a castle than a house. Wow I can’t believe I am seeing a freaking castle. It’s not like castle’s play apart in my everyday life, but I sure the hell am looking at one right now. My life continues to become more bazar by the second. I shake the crazy castle thoughts from my mind before walking over and looking down into the wishing well. I would give anything if I could wish the last week away. I begin strolling around the beautiful green landscape marveling at the splendor I am surrounded by. Before I know it I am standing on top of a hill in front of dogwood tree. Its stands all alone not another tree in sight it’s in full bloom with beautiful white and pick peddles springing fourth from every branch; making it appear as if it is superior to anything around it. You can tell the tree is proud to be standing here alone it’s strong and prideful in its grace. It is an awe-inspiring sight to behold, almost humbling. I know without doubt this is going to become one of my most favorite spots, for some reason I feel a connection to it.
 Maybe it’s because like this dog wood I am alone too but I stand strong and proud. I have always been resilient nothing ever keeps me down; I’ll bounce back from this and come out better for it. I turn around beholding the huge castle below me. After several minutes of contemplating it I have to admit it is pretty incredible. The place looks like something straight from the eighteenth century England. I look beyond the castle only to have my eyes bugging out of my freaking head, while my breathe catches in my throat. I can’t believe my eyes. It’s my freaking bedroom wall. Of course I’m not literally seeing my bedroom wall pre say, but it’s as close to it as it gets. 
I’m gazing upon the city I have seen every day for the last eighteen years because it’s painted on my bedroom wall. I’ve always loved that painting even when I got older and my mom updated my bedroom I refused to even deliberate with her about painting over my dream world. To me that was exactly what the painting in my room had been. When I was younger I would pretend I lived in the picture. In my imagination the angels would pick me up flying me anywhere in the city I wanted to go. I guess I understand now the reason I have always been so drawn to it. Shit my life just keeps getting better and better. The painting I called my dream world has now turned  into my worst freaking nightmare instead shit, shit, shit. 

 Leaning against the dogwood I slide down its trunk sitting there I stare out over the city. I see Case when he comes out the kitchen door he’s going around in complete circles searching. I know he is trying to locate me, but I can’t call out to him. I need some time alone to process everything that has taken place. I know he is going to find me that both excites me and scares the shit out of me at the same time. I don’t want him to come up here possibly to tell me my birth parents are demanding to see me. I am not in the right mind set to deal with them right now either. I know the exact moment spots me from the electricity shooting through my body. He sets out walking up the hill it doesn’t take long until he reaches the top. Without saying a word, he puts his back against the tree sliding down next to me. Neither of us speak we both sit there lost in our own thoughts staring out at the city below. You would think the silence between us would be awkward but instead it’s comforting in a strange kind of way. After what feels like an eternity he finally speaks. 

“Lana about what happened back at the house I know it was too soon. I never should have kissed you like that with everything else you are dealing with right now. I know I should be apologizing to you but the thing is I'm not sorry it happened.” 

 “Case; I'm fine with the kiss I wanted it just as much as you did.” I watch his face light up as he gives me a heart stopping smile. He leans his body towards mine preparing to kiss me again. Before he gets the chance I back away from him. I don’t want to hurt him, but I know I shouldn’t be kissing him again right now my head is in a mess with all the shit that’s happening. “I like you, I really do but right now a guy is the last thing I need to get involved with. That’s a complication I can’t handle right now I’m sorry Case.”

Case puts his hand on mine “don't worry about it. It's not like either of us is going anywhere I've got nothing but time to wait.” 

“Thank you I’m glad you understand. Right now I could really use a friend, one who’s honest with me and will tell me what the hell is going on?” Case squeezes my hand his striking blue eyes watching me. I can read sympathy in them but what I don’t see is pity which I am eternally grateful for.  Case’s hold tightens on my hand as he commences telling me the same story he told me in the club last week. The difference is I paid attention this time, to every word springing from his lips. I not only listened to what he is telling me I also believe every word of it. 

“So you’re saying my family never knew I wasn't theirs?” 

“That’s what I’m saying Lana.” 

“Why did my birth parents give me away just because war broke out here?” 

“They did it to keep you safe. They didn’t have another choice.”

“How old are you Case?” 

“I'm twenty, what's that have to do with anything?” 

“Your only two years older than me, did your family give you away like mine did?” I question. He is making it sound like my birth parents are martyrs of some kind.  

“Lana’ it was different with me.” 

“Why Case? Explain to me what made you so damn different. Could it be the fact your parents loved you and wouldn’t part with you for any reason? While my parents saw me as a burden. The war gave them the excuse they needed to be rid of me.” I can hear the hurt and anger in my voice so I know he can as well but damnit, I have every right to be hurt. 

“The differences between you and I is simple Lana, you are the only daughter of the King and Queen of the Keepers' World. You are the heir to the thrown one day you will rule everything but until then you are still the Princesses. God I’ve just realized you don’t even know your real name shit this is so fucked up.” Case screams while scrubbing his hands over his face in frustration. “Shit Lana I am so fucking sorry no one deserves to be put through what you are going through right now. Lana isn’t even your real name. Your real name is Rain Summer Livingston. You are the future ruler of the Keepers World therefore you are to be protected at all cost. If a Neither or demon ever got their hands on you, the consequences would be unimaginable. On the other hand, I’m not a prince I’m nothing but a keeper if a neither, or a demon took me. They would simply kill me without giving it a second thought. When war broke out here it was bad I mean really bad. Your parents wanted to protect you they did what they had to do. Both of my parents were killed in the war by demons when they broke through the shields. Lucky for me, my dad and your dad were best friends so your parents took me in, gave me a home they raised me. I will always be grateful to them for that.” 

“Why did they wait until I was eighteen to want me back? Why didn’t they come get me after the war ended?” I feel tears gathering in my eyes so I turn my head pretending to cough using the time to wipe my eyes. 

“They didn’t want to pull you away from the only people you knew when you were a child, but when you turned eighteen, you became an adult which meant like all other keepers once you reach adulthood you gained your powers nothing could stop that from happening. Your parents are the most powerful keepers of all, but even that was beyond them. They didn’t want to hurt you or take you away from the Parkers. They knew you loved them but they also knew once you turned eighteen there would be no other choice but to bring you back. That’s the reason they made the Parkers forget who you were so it wouldn’t hurt them when you disappeared. They couldn’t make you forget because you’re not human like the Parkers are.” 

We both grew quiet for a while. I was trying to rationalize everything Case had told me I think he realized I needed some time to grasp everything I heard but I’m not exactly positive reasoning or analyzing of any kind in this situation is going to make it any better. I will analyze this closer later on right now I have more questions. Case speaks before I get the chance to. 

 “It's hard for me to get used to calling you Lana, your parents, well anybody that knew about you, really have always called you Rain. It’s weird calling you Lana. I mean we all knew that was the name you went by on earth but whenever we talked about you, we always referred to you as Rain.” 

I didn’t know how I should reply to his statement without sounding mean, so instead I asked another question.  “I know what humans are, hell I was one until a week ago. What I don’t know is what the hell the Neither you keep talking about? Is that what you call demons?” 

“No of course not a Neither hate's demons as much as we do. Remember when I told you everything you always thought was make-believe was real?”

I nodded my head yes.

“A Neither is all those things like vampires, werewolves, fairies they are shielded from coming into the Keepers' World. However, that didn’t stop them from trying to eighteen years ago when the demons broke through.”

“No shit. Are you telling me vampires and werewolves are freaking real? Holy crap I’ve entered the freaking twilight movie. Okay I have to ask…why can’t they enter here and while you are answering that you might as well go ahead and explain to me where the Keepers world is exactly?”  While I’m asking him these questions I’m still trying to digest the fact vampires, werewolves, and fairies are real. Wow my life is totally messed up. 

Case chuckled, “Well the here part is simplest to explain. The Keeper's World is on earth, but it’s in a different dimension. We can leave this dimension and enter the earth’s dimension with our minds. You will be able to do it to after you are shown how. As for the reason a Neither can’t enter our dimension it’s because they are not holy and without that you can’t enter our world. Well not as long as the shields are up anyways.” 

Now he’s got me completely enthralled I am so spellbound I’m not sure what to ask next so I go with whatever comes out of my mouth. “What do you mean they're not holy?” 

“God created us, we are part him, part angel. We were created us to fight demons to keep all races safe from demons, That’s what makes us holy, Neither’s aren’t bad, well you do run upon rogues every now and then but for the most part they aren’t bad. They only want to live out their lives like humans do. But as you know not all humans are good it’s the same way with neither’s the only difference is we are never a loud to take a humans life no matter what the circumstances is. But if a neither is caught trying to harm a human or a keeper we kill them on the spot no questions asked. We are peace keepers between humans and neither’s it’s our jobs to make sure humans never find out about the neither’s but at the same time we are warriors against Hell we protect all races against demons even it means giving our own lives to keep them safe.  

“Wow…um…I don’t know what to say I mean this is a lot to take in to say I am dumbfounded would be putting it mildly. How is it even possible for all of this to be going on and humans never know anything about it?” 

“When humans do stumble upon something their minds are wiped so they can’t remember it’s been that way since the beginning of time.” 
Deciding I’ve heard enough to keep my head spinning for the next million years. I raise my hands stopping him midsentence I ask if we can move on to lighter subject while I process everything he’s told me. He laughs shaking his head yes so I jump to a question I have been dying to know about. “What kind of powers do I have?” I question feeling excited about the possibility of having super hero powers. How badass is that?  Hey don’t judge me for my crazy thinking until you have been in my shoes. 

“I don't know…every Keeper is different. We all have certain things that we can all do but at the same time we each have our own powers unique to only us.” 

“What powers do you have?” I inquire.

“Let's see I'm strong but all World Keepers are in case you haven’t noticed that yet. We were all created to be ass kickers.” Case laugh’s knocking his shoulder against mine.   

I lean over giving him a shove back while snorting as if I am not completely impressed with everything he is saying. Case laughs at me as rolls his eyes, he continues speaking.  “We all have the ability to see at night of course you already found that one out. Those are the powers all keepers have. I have unique powers as well belonging only to me. Like I can speak to people telepathically I can do the same thing with animals. You’d be amazed how smart animals are. Did you know cats and dogs really have plotted ways to take over the world? The problem they keep having is they can’t get along with one another long enough to come up with a plan on how to do it.” He busts out laughing pointing at my face “Oh my god if you could see your face right now your eyes look like they are going to pop out of your head. You are too easy. I made the whole animal thing up.” 
I bust out laughing I can’t help it. I can’t believe I fell for something so stupid but come on let’s examine the last week of my life. After the shit I’ve seen and heard why wouldn’t it be possible cats and dogs plotting to take over the world? I mean really think about it. When I eventually stop laughing I am holding my stomach with one hand while wiping tears from my face with the other. I know I’ve been laughing like a freaking hyena but I couldn’t help myself. I am being completely irrational but given the week I have suffered though I’m blaming it all on insanity. “You are crazy” I tell him still trying to control myself. 
“No I’m not crazy I’m awesome and you Lana…are the most beautiful thing I have ever seen.” He says as he cups the side of my face tenderly while staring at me. 
He caught me off guard with the statement leaving my vocabulary lacking as how to respond to him so I do what I do best; I ignore what he says as I turn my face from his pulling myself from his reach his hand drops to his side. I speak really fast so things won’t get awkward between us. “So are you going to stop being a goofball now so you can finish telling me about the powers keepers have.”  
“Um…yea sure…” He replies but I can hear the hurt in his voice. There’s a moment of awkwardness between us before he continues. “Let me think well, everything I said to you up to the point of me communicating with animals is true. As far as I know I’m the only known Keeper with the ability to speak telepathically or to read minds. I can do it with humans, demons and all neither’s I’ve never met anyone’s mind I couldn’t read.” He snorts out a laugh then smirks at me before saying “But that’s enough about my awesomeness let’s move on to someone else. I’d hate to make you think I’m bragging about myself which I totally am, in case you didn’t notice. But I’m only doing it to an impress you.” Oh yea he is defiantly back to his old self, all signs of hurt completely gone. I have no comment to that statement so I don’t say anything I wait for him to continue. When he sees I’m not going to reply he begins talking again. 
“Which I can’t tell if I’m accomplishing or not so I’m thinking it’d be best if I move on from myself to tell you about someone else. How about I tell you a little about Cain for instance he can see the future. He sees it as pictures but as you must realize no one’s future stays the same it changes form minute to minute depending on each decision a person makes. Of course that makes it completely impossible to get a correct read on anyone’s long trim life but it’s an excellent ability to have in a fight because he knows what his opponents going to do as soon as they know which comes in handy in a fight. There are a few keepers who have the same ability but what makes Cain’s power unique only to him is he can see the past as well which never changes. You might be wondering why that would be such an important power to have but consider it for a moment as soon as he meets someone he knows if they have ever commented murder or raped someone or hurt a child. He sees to it the humans pay for the crimes they have done against other humans which without his ability would have otherwise gone free. The humans pay for their wrongs in human courts of course not by our hands.” 
“Wow that is fantastic it’s like he’s some kind of avenging guardian angel for the victims in the world that can’t stand up for their selves that’s cool. What about Lisa.”

“Lisa's power is different. She has the power to make people do what she wants them to. Some World Keepers call it mind controlling some call it compulsion.” 

“Does it work on demons and neither’s?”  

“Yeah it does it even works on the vamps, which have the ability to use compulsion their selves but theirs is nothing compared to Lisa’s.”
 He is so proud of Lisa. I can hear it in his voice you can see it in the way he speaks about her I can’t help but wonder if there is something or has ever been something going on between the two. I didn’t like the way the thought of that made me feel. Ugh I have enough on my plate right now I really don’t need to develop feelings for Case. I need to stop this crazy jealous thing I’m having. Giving my head a shake, I try getting all the crazy thoughts out of my mind before Case reads them. 

Case is already laughing “are you crazy? No there’s nothing going on between us now or ever.” 
Great seems as if I cleared my head a little too late. I find myself pissed off. He has no right to be inside my head reading my thoughts their mine, if I wanted him to know what I was thinking I would have stated it out loud. I never gave him the right to listen to them. “You need to stay out of my head” I demand. At least, he had the decency to look embarrassed. 

“You know I don't think anybody’s ever said that to me. Everybody around here is just used to it. Matter fact I think they like it. When they're mad at me or just don't want to talk they know I can hear them.

“Have you ever thought maybe they wouldn't be mad at you if you stayed out of their heads? Alternatively, making them talk to you more?” I questioned angrily

“I guess I haven’t ever thought of it that way.” 

“Well I don’t like I it so keep-out of my head.” Looking at Case, I see he is looking down at the ground. I know I have hurt his feelings. God he may be this big kick ass keeper but right now he looks more like a little boy. “I’m sorry I didn’t mean to hurt your feelings I’m just not used to having someone reading my thoughts, being in my head...you know what I mean?” I say as I pick up his hand interlocking our fingers.

Case squeezes my hand before speaking, “You didn’t hurt my feeling. It’s just I’ve waited so long to meet you. Now you're here I’m worried about everything I say or do. I know you only met me a week ago, but I’ve known you for almost eighteen years. I used to go with your mom or dad every time they would go see you.”

“What are you talking about?”

“We can be on earth plus shield ourselves from humans. I guess it has something to do with the whole keeping human's safe thing, so they never find out about us. Anyways your parents would visit you a lot together and sometimes they would visit you one at a time but they would always take me with them. I have been to every one of your birthday parties. I used to love watching you sing as you danced in your room, you really made me laugh. When I turned eighteen I got my own powers so I would go visit you by myself. Throughout the years you become part of my life, you become a part of me. Once I had my own powers I didn’t have to wait for your parents to visit you to be able to see you anymore I could see you on my own. I have visited you every day since I turned eighteen. I can’t tell you how many guys I thought about killing human or not, I hated to see you dating anyone I couldn’t wait for you to turn eighteen, so I could really meet you.” 

God what do you say to something like that? I know I should possibly be a little freaked out by his statement and stalkerish behavior but I’m not, it’s quite the opposite really. Matter fact what he just said actually has me turned on. Once again I am going to blame my behavior on insanity. This guy is making it hard for me not to swoon at his feet. “Case I think that’s the most beautiful thing anyone has ever said to me” I know as I’m saying this to him I am being honest I mean every word of it. I am so in trouble with this guy he is simply beautiful in every way. “I wish I had known you for all the years you have known me. But I can’t do anything to change that, but I do know you now…and I have to tell you I’m in "Awe" of you.” 

Case is staring at me the storm thundering in his eyes sending shivers through out my body. I feel myself leaning into him. As my lips are meeting his I think to myself “so much for not wanting any more complications.”  Once our lips touch any other thoughts other than what we are doing leaves my mind. I feel like I’m on fire I can’t get enough of the tastes of him; I push my tongue deeper into his mouth as my arms wrap around his neck, my fingers latching onto his silky hair. I hear him moan then his arms are griping me pulling me into his chest as he takes over the kiss. His mouth is attacking mine like I’m the oxygen he needs to breathe he runs his hands up my sides before wrapping them around my waist pulling me even closer to him. We are like to starved people who can’t get enough of each other. I don't know how long we kissed. It could have been seconds or hours. To be honest I don’t care, I never want to stop kissing him we have some sort of connection with one another. I have never felt anything like this before. Sure I have been kissed, had boyfriends, I’ve even had sex before but never have I felt anything like this in my life. This is different it’s like we belong together. I’ve never felt such a pull towards anyone as I do with Case. It’s him that finally pulls away first we are both breathing hard our foreheads touching as we gaze into one another eyes.
“I think we should stop.”  The way he says it makes it sound like it is physically painful for him to say the words. 

I am breathing as hard as he is. I nod my head as I pull away from him trying to calm my body down. When all I really want to do is jump on top of him tare his clothes off and do all kinds of dirty things to his body. He takes my hand again interlocking our fingers, rubbing his thumb across the top of my hand. We don’t speak for the longest time as we get our emotions under control but once we do start talking it’s like we hang on one another’s every word. We sit on top of the hill under the dogwood tree talking for hours. He tells me about his parents and my birth parents plus about what his life had been like when he was a kid and his parents were killed. I listen to every word he says loving the sound of his voice. While he holds my hand, as my head lays on his shoulder. 

“You’ve given me a lot to think about but, right now I’m really tired I could really use to lie down.” I begin to pull my hand from his only to have him hold on to me tighter as he questions me where I am going. I tell him I am going back to the house to go to bed and that I need my hand back to get up, without responding he stands up with my hand still in his. He pulls me up beside him. “You don’t need your hand back I’m not letting go of you until I have to. Come on I’ll walk you home.” The way he talks to me makes me feel like I am his everything. Do you see the reason I am having such a problem keeping my head about me with him? We walk back to the house. Well castle is more like it. I’m running on fumes by the time we reach my room.
 “Lana, I am sorry all this happened to you but I’m so glad you’re here.” He touches my face. As he caresses my cheek I gaze into his eyes seeing the truth of his words through his eyes. He leans down kissing me very lightly on the lips then whispers “goodnight.” I watch him walk away while I’m trying to catch my breath God he is unbelievable he has me turned on by simply telling me goodnight. I open the door to my bedroom stepping inside, closing the door behind me before leaning against it. Taking a few deep breathes to try calm down my over active hormones. Once I have better control of myself the tiredness sits back in, I quickly undress not bothering to locate anything to sleep in instead falling into bed with nothing but my bra and panties on. Pulling the covers over my head I feel tears once again falling down my face when thoughts of my family and friends enter my mind. I’m too tired to wipe them away so they fall on the pillow. After a few minutes my mind starts shutting down as sleep takes over. 




Chapter 7 
I wake up to the sound of voices in my room. The first thing that comes to my mind is the state I went to bed in but I quickly realize my blanket is completely covering my body. I stay quite keeping my eyes closed, trying to figure out who is in my room without letting them know I know they are in here. As the two people continue their conversation in whispered voices I soon find out whom they both are. Actually I knew who they were after the first sentence I heard spoken. But I lay still listening to their conversation praying they don’t realize I’m awake. My biological mom is telling my birth father how beautiful she thinks I am. While my birth father tells her I look like her so I have no other choice but to be beautiful. “Yeah, that makes me want to puke too” 
“Harris, she hates us like I told you she would. She will never look at either of us as her parents. She didn’t even want to see us tonight.” My birth mother is crying. My birth farther is trying to console her by telling her she has to give me time. That I have only been here for a week and I’d been unconscious from the poison from the Drag until yesterday. It must be after midnight if he is saying I woke up yesterday. Hmm…guess I have been asleep for a few hours. 

“Harris I want to hug her. Hold her in my arms and never let go of her again. I want to tell her how much I love her. We were deprived of having her, her whole life. Now she's here, and I think it’s harder having her here knowing she hates us more than it was when she knew nothing about us. At least before she knew who we were she didn't hate us, we never should have brought her back. We should have left her with the Parkers.” 

“Summer you know that wasn’t possible. Rain’s powers come to her besides this is her home. She is the Princess of the Keeper World one day she will become Queen. She will get married, her and her husband will rule.”

“Harris I don't even want to talk with you about that. You know what my feelings are about what you have done, the only reason I haven't put a complete stop to it is because I know it won't work unless it's meant to be.” 

“Summer I am only thinking about the best thing for our daughter.”

“Harris I will not discuss this subject with you anymore. All I want now is to try to have some type of relationship with our daughter. I had to give her up eighteen years ago I will never give her up again. I don't care if it takes the rest of my life. She will know I have loved her since before she was born.” 

“I know that’s what you want honey, give her time. Rain will come to see that you love her. I don't want to see you hurt, please be prepared for her to be angry and resentful towards us for a while. Just remember sooner or later she will come around. Now come on lets go to bed she's not going anywhere, she’ll be here when we wake up in the morning. Besides we don't want her to wake up and find us in here.” 

I keep my eyes closed waiting to hear the door open and close. But it never happens. I no longer hear them talking so after a few minutes I squint my eyes hoping they won’t be able to see me if they are still in the room. Looking around I can’t see them anywhere. They are gone so I open my eyes all the way up while sitting up in my bed. I contemplate on what all I heard them speaking about along with everything Case told me, as I’m deliberating everything I must admit it is getting harder and harder to stay angry with them the more I hear about everything. 

 I can’t help but ponder about what my birth father could have done that my birth mother refused to discuss with him. Whatever they had been talking about she had told him the only reason she hadn’t stopped him was due to the fact she knew it wouldn’t work unless it was meant to. I’m not sure if they were talking about something I should be worried about or not. I mean let’s face it seems as if I have entered a world where anything is possibly. At this point I decide I am going to start dealing with everything as it happens from now on. One thing is for sure whatever they were talking about had to do with me. I thought about Harris saying I was the princess, and one day would be Queen and rule the Keeper’s World. Well…that part sounds scary yet awesome, but I hate it for them if they think I'm ever getting married. 

I’m woken up by someone knocking on my door. “Come In” I yell sitting up in bed, yawning while stretching the kinks out of my body. What time is it I wonder to myself? Evidently I fell back to sleep sometimes after my birth parents left my bedroom. The bedroom door burst open and a lively looking Lisa walks in smiling from ear to ear. 

“Good morning” she says appearing as if she has been up for hours. 

“What time is it?” I question in a grumbly voice rubbing my hands through my hair. 

“Its five thirty” 

“Do you mean five-thirty in the evening?” I know there is no way she is in here at five-thirty in the morning looking like she has been up for hours smiling like the cat that’s caught the canary. 

“No silly it’s five-thirty in the morning.” she answers still smiling. 

“How the hell can you be all happy and look like you've been up for hours at five-thirty in the freaking morning?” 

“I'm always in a good mood in the mornings, and I look like I've been up for hours because I have been. You don't think I get out of bed looking this damn hot do you?”    

As I take in Lisa’s appearance I see she is dressed in all black leather again. Today her hair is flaming red instead of purple. Her makeup is still really heavy, but it looks good on her and the red hair really suits her. She looks gorgeous and badass at the same time. I would love to have the confidantes she dose about her looks. She is my total opposite. I could never dress like her or wear all the makeup she wears plus I could never pull off that I'm sexy as hell, but if you touch me, I'll kick your ass look. Deciding I need to stop staring at her before she thinks I bat for the other team I put my hands over my eyes as I speak.  “I'm not a morning person so do you mind coming back in say about three or four hours.” 

“No can do Princess” Lisa replies smiling knowing good and well I would hate being called a princess.

“Come on get up and get ready, we start training today. My dear you have lot's to learn unlike us that have been training our whole lives. You have powers you have yet to discover but with my help we will soon find out what they are then I’ll help you learn to use them so get your ass out of bed we have work to do.” The smile never leaves her face as she speaks. 

“Ugh…we have to start this now? It’s too early.” I grumble.
“Yes…we have to start this now. So get your ass out of bed get in the shower then meet me down stairs for breakfast.” She is already opening the door as she makes her statement. 
I hang my head knowing I have no other choice but to do as she said. The thought crosses my mind to go back to sleep but I wipe that thought from my head as soon as it enters it. I’m afraid she might come back in my room flinging water in my face or possibly do something worse than that. Sitting back up I eventually drag my dead weight body out of my bed. After picking out clothes to put on I take a shower which wakes me up. Once I’m dried off I pull my long hair up into a ponytail having to use several rubber bands in order to keep the long length from getting in my face. When I have that accomplished, I slip on the clothes I brought in the bathroom with me which consist of a pair of biker shorts and tee-shirt. Once I have my sock and the new pair of Nike’s Lisa bought me on I head out the door for the dining room. 
Glancing down at my watch I see it is only six fifteen I give myself a little pat on the back for being so fast. I worried my birth parents would be in the dining room for a moment but then I decide if they are I will deal with it and go on about my day. I mean I am going to have to face them sooner or later. But when I step in the dining room the first thing I notice is the only person in the room is Lisa the second thing I see is food. I mean a lot of food. It appears as if there is an assortment of almost anything you could want to eat. As I’m gazing at all of it my stomach lets out a loud grumble informing me it is in need of nourishments. I almost run to the table. Yes I am a pig I know this and I’m alright with it.  

“Hey” I say as I take a seat at the table. 

“Hey” Lisa says back as she takes bite of her food. 

“So where’s everybody at?” I question feeling my plate with everything it will hold. 

“Cain and Case went with your parents into town. They have to meet with the council over something.”
 I didn't comment on Lisa calling the king and queen my parents.  That is something I’m going to have to get used to. “What kind of council?” I asked her as I load both bacon and sausage to my already over flowing plate. 

“The Angles council" she replies as she stars at my plate hard. “Are you really going to eat all of that?” she finally questions. 
“Yes I’m going to eat it all. Why else would I get it if I’m not going to eat it I mean… I mean Duh” I tell her deciding not to question her about what the hell an Angel council is. I’m ready to eat and save talking for later. 
“My god…how the fuck do you stay so small when you eat like a pig?” she asks shaking her head as she wrinkles her face towards me as she watches me stuff food in my mouth. 
I have to choke down the food in my mouth before I can speak. “Hey don’t be hating on me because I have a fast metabolism that’s just wrong.” With that said I take a huge bite off of my blueberry muffin giving her the stink eye the whole time. 
“Oh my god you are going to drive me crazy.” She states rolling her eyes. 
In return I open my mouth showing her the food inside my mouth. Then I almost choke laughing when she starts yelling at me about being gross.  After we both get done eating, Lisa takes me down to the gym I gaze around seeing all kinds of strange stuff. I’m assuming its different types of weapons. As I’m examining the weapons some of them looks like they come straight out of the stone ages while others appear to have come right from a star war's movie. 

“Let’s get started” Lisa tells me picking up one of the star wars looking weapons. 

“This is called a Whoops here hold it and see what you think.” 
I take the Whoops weapon scrutinizes the details of it. The top part looks like a fishing net but when you touch it, it feels like a giant spider web. The pole on it is made of some type of wood but I’m not sure what kind as I’ve never seen wood that looks like it before. I see a trigger on the end of the wood but I have no idea what it does. “What’s this used for?” I question.  Lisa takes the Whoops out of my hands grabs the end of the handle and slings it around in circles above her head, while jumping in the air. She looks totally crazy, as she does this making me bust out in laughter. I am laughing so hard I worry I might pee my pants. 

“Hey pay attention and stop laughing, or I’ll use this on you.” Lisa scolds.  I do my best to stop laughing trying to put on my serious face having little doubt in my mind that she really would use the thing on me. Evidently, my face must have passed muster with her because she begins explaining what the Whoops does again. “This is what's used to catch fairies it’s the one thing that can catch them. The only way they get out of this is if we let them out. I'll tell you about all the release crap later right now I want you to learn what everything is called and what it’s used for.”  She then puts the Whoops down and picks up a long stick that comes to a point on one end and the other end, appears to be some kind of sword. 

“This is a stake. We use this if we have to kill vampires. I'm sure you noticed that on one end, it’s a stake and the other end it’s a sword. We hold the stake in the middle as we use it.” She gives me the stake as she continues talking about how to use it, she really does sound like a teacher. “A vampire is only staked if they’ve killed or are in the process of killing someone, or if they try to kill you. The sword on the other end can be used as a stake as well unlike in the movies you can kill a vamp with anything that you can hit their hearts with. 

I’m holding the stake thinking how awesome it would be to be like buffy the vampire slayer. I was picturing myself fighting vampires as I staked their vampire asses when I heard Lisa shout “Awe-Shit.” Next thing I know I am in the middle of a dark street with no idea how I had gotten here. This must be the Awe-shit Lisa was yelling about. Looking around I try to figure out where I’m at plus how I got here and how I was supposed to get back. I see someone standing under a street light so I start walking toward them as I grow closer I see it’s a man. 

“Excuse me sir but I seem to have gotten myself lost,” That’s the understatement of the century “do you think you could help me.” A good looking guy is what I see when he turns to look at me with a smile on his beautiful face He is tall with pale skin with blond hair he’s dressed in all black. 
“So, you don't know where you’re at?” The man questions as he comes closer.
 “I think I must have gotten turned around somehow” I say giving him a smile of my own. 
“Hey guys, this beautiful girl here has gotten lost any of you know where we're at? He questions and for the first time I notice the other guys. Which are now heading towards me, I begin to feel sick to my stomach I’m starting to get the feeling I might be in a little trouble. I know what they are, I also know it’s my fault I am here I’ve done this somehow by thinking about fucking vampires. “Ugh…Lana why did you even get out of bed this morning?” Oh yea…that’s right I had to get up because Lisa is bossy. Then I had to go think, about how cool it would be to be Buffy the vampire slayer didn’t I? Now here I stand in the middle of some God forsaken street with four freaking rouge vampires "Oh my God. How do I keep getting myself into these messes?" I scream. I hear the vampires laughing at me. “Hey do not laugh at me you assholes! I’ve had a really rough week.”  
 I start getting that strange feeling again it’s the same feeling I got when I fought the demon. I feel the stake in my hand begin to burn hot the heat running up my arm. Adrenaline starts pumping through my body just like before my instincts start taking over. I’m ready to fight. Without even realizing it I am already in a fighting stance with the stake held out in front of me. 
“Hey guys, would you look what we have, it’s a Keeper, and she's out here all by her lonesome poor little thing” The hot vampire says right before he charges me.

 Next thing I know I am being grabbed from behind. I come back with my right arm the same one holding the stake giving an elbow to the stomach of the vampire that grabbed me from behind. He falls backwards releasing me then another one is on me. I come up with a kick sending him flying through the air. I turn the stake around in my right hand get a good grip on it before the next vampire comes up behind me, I plunge the stake into its heart with all the force I have. I feel the stake as it goes through the vampires heart then it burst into flames “Cool" they really do burn when you stake them just like on TV.” I don’t have time to admire my handy work. However, before I have three more vampires to deal with. The hot vampire I elbowed is back on his feet coming at me before I have time to move, he kicks me in the face. I fly backwards landing on my back he is on top of me before I can even blink. He has me pinned to the ground laughing down at me. 
“I haven't had the blood of a Keeper in years did you know a Keeper's blood makes us even stronger than what we already are? Well for short time anyway. I want to thank you now for the blood…you know because after I drink you, you’ll be dead and all that shit…then you’d never know how much you meant to me. So anyways thanks beautiful.
 I hear a lot of noise going on in the background but I don’t have time to worry about it. I have to get out of this mess first. The vampire opens his mouth bending down toward my neck, but before he has the chance to bite me, he is pulled away I hear a scream then see fire after that someone is standing over me holding out their hand in order to help me up. I can't make out the person's face because of the fire blazing beside me. I take hold of the hand being offered and I’m pulled to my feet. Once I’m on my feet I look up to thank whoever helped me and my eyes lock onto the Greek God from the ally…holy fucking shit. 


CHAPTER 8 

Gazing into the eyes of the man I thought I had imagined almost blows my mind. He really is as beautiful as I had thought he had been. I am getting to see all of him for the first time and “my god” is all I can say. He is tall at least six, foot six I’d say. He towers over me. He is the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen. His jet-black hair is tied back just like it was the last time I saw him. I realize all I have been doing is standing in front of him staring and have yet to speak a word. I feel my face growing red knowing he must believe I am one of the stupidest people he has ever met. I fight to find my voice as I’m trying to think of something to say to him. My god he is huge. I would love to lick every inch of him. Shit I have to stop thinking like this. Ugh!! I feel my eyes growing wilder as I watch his lips go up into one of the most breathe taking smiles I have ever laid eyes on in my life. Smiling down at me he finally speaks his voice is as sexy as I remember it being. 
“What are you doing here Princess? This is the second time we've met and both times you have been fighting."  

Oh God I believe I just had an orgasm “How do you know who I am…and who are you?”  I manage to squeak out. 

“Princess I don’t know of anyone that doesn’t know who you are. As for who I am my name is Dominick Pulaski…now it’s your turn to answer my question?” He answers with a smirk on his gorgeous face.

“Um…I don't really know how I ended up here I guess it’s because I was thinking about it. Well let me rephrase that I wasn’t thinking about this place I was thinking about fighting vampires, but I don't know where I'm at." He let out a belly laugh. It catches me off guard making me take a step back from him but after a few seconds of him laughing, I start getting angry.  “What’s so funny”? I demand stomping my foot on the ground.  That only makes him laugh more “You know what?  I'm glad you find me so funny, that I can amuse you so much but do you think you can stop laughing at me long enough to tell me where I am at? After that you can laugh all you want to. He continues laughing at me and doesn’t reply to my demand. “You know what? Fuck you asshole I’ll find my own way home. I begin to walk away from him, only to realize he still has hold of my hand. I had been so shocked to see him; I hadn’t realized he had never let it go. I try to pull my hand away from his but he won’t let go. I see he is trying to get his laughing under control. It’s about damn time.  

“Wait…I'm sorry princess you took me by surprise. I mean the first time I see you you’re fighting in an ally. Not only did you fight, but you won. I was shocked then but when I saw you here fighting; I thought you were getting some training time in. You have to see how ironic it is to see you out here on your own for the second time, yet you still know nothing about our world.”

“No I don't see it as ironic or funny, if you don't mind may I have my hand back”. After a slight hesitation, he lets my hand go, when I have my hand back I find myself wishing I had never asked him to let it go. 

“I am truly sorry Princess I didn't mean to make you mad please forgive me. Why don’t you tell me again how you got here?”

I am still upset but I need his help in getting home, so I tell him how we were in the gym and how Lisa was showing me a lot of the weapons and gave me this stake to hold. I held up the stake as I was talking. I proceed to explain to him how she was telling me how to use the stake but I leave out the part about me picturing myself as Buffy the vampire slayer there’s no way in hell I’d ever admit that part to him even if he tried to torture it out of me. I know without doubt if I told him what I had been imagining it would only insight another round of him laughing at me. I mean look how he reacted when I told him I didn't know where I was. I can imagine the head line’s now “MAN DEAD FROM LAUGHING!” Yep I’m definitely keeping my mouth shut about the whole “Buffy the vampire thing. 

“Why don't we walk to the bench over there and sit down so we are out of all this smoke and fire.” He asks me as he points towards a bench across the street. 

"I thought after you stake a vampire, they burnt up fast turning to dust and disappeared.” I regret the statement as soon as it leaves my mouth. I can see he is trying hard not to laugh at me again. 

“No vampires only turn to dust on TV not in real life. However, they will burn until there is nothing left of them” he states smiling. 

I decided it would be best if I didn’t say anything else at the moment so I turn around and start making my way towards the bench he suggested we sit at. I know he is following me without looking. I can feel him behind me. I walk slowly giving myself time catch my breath and get my thoughts together. This guy is a freaking walking orgasm. I need to get myself together and stop foaming at the mouth over this dude. I need to concentrate on getting myself back to the keepers world instead of my over active hormones. I imagine he has women by the groves. God I bet he is fabulous in bed. I wonder if he’s a Keeper too. I go again. Reaching the bench I sit down, watching as he sits down next to me. I mean he is really close I wonder if he has ever heard of something called personal space. Of course he hasn’t who in their right minds would want personal space from him. 
“Lana are you all right?” 
Oh shit, just had another orgasm. The sound of his voice saying my name has chills running down my spine. He has a little bit of a European accent but not much of one just enough to be sexy. His voice is so deep… 

“You want to tell me again what you were doing before you got here?”

“I just told you” I reply. 

“Yes you did but if you don’t mind would you please tell me again I want to make sure I understood everything you said.”

Rolling my eyes I tell him the story again “I was in the gym with Lisa, she was showing me a lot of different weapons and telling me how to use them. She hands me this stake and was telling me about vampires and how we don't kill them, unless they are killing other people or trying to kill us. I was listening to her and thinking about what she was telling me and the next thing I know I am here wherever here is.”

“Okay I’m starting to understand what happened.” 

“Really? Would you mind explaining it to me then?” Once again, I see he wants to laugh but all he does is smile that sexy smile of his instead. 

“Well you were thinking about vampires, and the way Keepers gets from one place to the next is by thinking of the place they want to be, and then they go to that place. You are just learning your powers so when you thought about the vampires it took you to the type of vampires you were thinking about. Once you learn to control your powers I promise you this won’t ever happen to you again. As for where you’re at, I hate to tell you this, but you’re in Ireland.”

“Ireland”…I scream at the top of my lungs as I jump to a standing position pacing back and forth in front of the bench. I am rambling to myself out loud “How did I end up in fucking Ireland? How am I going to get back home? Oh my God, Oh my God,” I keep repeating over and over again. Yes I do realize I am sounding like a moron in front of the sexiest man alive, but I can’t stop myself. I continue rambling “I’m in freaking Ireland great I wonder how much a plane ticket cost to get back to the states.” 

Dominick has fallen over on the bench laughing at me again by this point. The sexy shit head can bite me. I mean that from the bottom of my heart I would really love for him to bite me. Giving my head a shake to clear it from the dirty wayward thoughts it has started having. I begin pacing again blocking the sound of the deep sexy voice from my ears. After God knows how long, huge hands land on my shoulders stopping my movements completely.  
“Come on Lana, you have to calm down. I'm worried if you don't we might find another one of your powers you have no idea about.”
“Another power” I squeak in a high pitched voice looking up at him. He smiles down at me but the smile doesn’t reach his eyes. What I see in his eyes is concern. Come on Lana breathe take some deep breaths I tell myself while trying not to think about anything else. I’m so afraid I might think about something and end up disappearing again or maybe even doing something worse.

“Princess look at me” My eyes meet his concerned ones again. “I'm here with you I promise I won’t let anything happen to you. Do you believe me?” 

 I nod my head yes as I feel tears building up in my eyes I know if I blink the tears will run down my face, but I can’t stop myself. Sure enough big tears hit my cheeks and start to slowly run down my face.
Dominick’s hands touched my face he uses his thumbs to wipe away my tears. The whole time he is talking to me telling me I am going to be alright.  He promises me over and over again he won’t let anything happen to me. His big hands find their way into my hair, I feel him taking out the rubber bands but I do nothing to stop him when the last rubber band leaves my hair I feel his fingers running through its long length. 

“Your hair is beautiful” He says as he locks his eyes with mine. He stops talking as he stares at me one hand leaving my hair to wipe away more tears that has fallen to my cheeks.  
“Beautiful” I hear him whisper. I have no idea if he is talking about my hair again or what. To be honest I really don’t give care as long as he keeps looking at me the way he is doing right now. His eyes have never leaves mine. I see him starting to lean towards me. I don’t make a move too afraid I will break whatever spell has come over him. It has got to be some type of spell that’s the only explanation I can come up with that would make someone like him look at someone like me with so much passion in their eyes. Hey, maybe one of my new powers is going to be guys will be drawn to me and can’t help but fall madly in love at first sight. Wouldn’t that be such a cool power to have? His lips are almost touching mine. He is so big yet he touches me so tenderly. 

“There you are thank God! I thought I would never find you!” Lisa’s voice rings out.
He is gone. One minute he is about to kiss me and within the blink of an eye he disappears in front of my eyes. He didn’t kiss. Once again this is all Lisa’s fault I can already tell once I learn what my powers are and I learn how to use them I’m going to have to use them to take her out. He must have left because of Lisa did she see him I wonder to myself. 

“Did you see him?” I question

“See who? Lisa asks right back, before rolling her eyes at me “nobody is here but you and me Lana. God I am so glad I found your sorry ass. All I could think about was your parents coming home and asking me where you were and me having to tell them I'd lost you. What the bloody hell are you in Ireland for anyways?" she demands shaking her finger towards me. 

“I didn't just decide come to bloody Ireland you smart ass I was thinking about vampires, and I ended up here.” 

“Thank God you didn't come up on any rogue vampires. She says then she takes a deep breath through her nose and her eyes go wide. “Oh my God you did come up on some didn't you?”

“Yeah I did… by the way, thanks a lot for telling me if I thought about something I could end up going to what I was thinking about. I mean call me crazy but I do believe that is something important you should tell a person. What the hell were you thinking when you decided to show me weapons and tell me how to use them without telling me I might disappear at any given moment? My God woman I swear you had to have one of the biggest brain farts of all times.” I know I am rambling but once again I can’t seem to stop myself. But I do believe I have every reason to ramble don’t you? “Before you teach me one more thing about another weapon or anything else for that matter you will be teaching me how not to end up back in Ireland again do you understand me young lady.”  Lisa busts out laughing as soon as the “young lady” part comes out of my mouth.  

“Okay I promise. I will not teach you anything else until I teach you how not to end up in Ireland again.” she says still laughing. “Now how did you deal with the vampires”??

“I used the stake and killed them” I tell her. I’m not going to mention Dominick. The way he left tells me he doesn’t want anyone to know about him being here so after all he has done for me, there is no way I’m going to rat him out. Plus I don’t want to tell anyone I almost kissed him. It was only yesterday I was kissing Case and I really do like him, and he likes me. I think his feelings might even go deeper than him just liking me. But he has known me a lot longer than I’ve known him. 

“How many vampires were there?” 

“Four” 

“You killed four fucking vampires without having any training?” She questions with her eyebrows raised.

“Yeah have you forgotten I killed a Drag demon without having any training as well?” I asked sarcastically.

Lisa starts laughing again “Yeah I guess I did forget. You know Lana, I think you’re going to be one bad ass Keeper when you learn everything and find out what your powers are. However, for now let’s get home before your parents get back, and I have to explain to them what we were doing in Ireland.”

“How am I going to get back home?” 

“Well right now the way we're going to do it is I'm going to hold your hand, and I will take us both home. The only thing you have to do is not is keep your mind clear I’ll take care of everything else. Can you manage to do that?”  Lisa asked with a smile in her face. 

“Yeah smartass I believe I can manage that.” I say smiling back at her. Lisa takes hold of my hand laughing. “You know what Lana, I believe you and I are going to make really great friends.” 


CHAPTER 9

 Lisa and I are walking from the kitchen both laughing at a joke Doug just told us. We come to a dead stop in the dining room. I’m looking straight at the last two people I wanted to see today. They are both staring right back at me. I wonder if I look as frozen as they do at the moment. Case walks around my parents and comes to stand by my side. 

“Hey" he says as he takes my hand and kisses me on top of the head. I’m not sure how I feel about Case acting as if we are a couple. He is probably just trying to put me at ease. He knows this is the last thing I want to deal with. He laces his fingers with mine. I turn my head toward Lisa noticing her gaze is locked on mine and Case’s hands. She looks up at me when she feels my eyes on her. She raises her eyebrows at me questioning without words what is up between Case and I. Case gives a small smirk to Lisa before giving my hand a squeeze then he turns his attention back to Summer and Harris. “Lana I don't believe you have had the pleasure of meeting Summer and Harris.” He says to which I never reply to. 

Harris is the one that speaks first. “Everybody would you please leave, Summer and I would like to speak with Ra...I mean Lana alone.” I watch as Cain to which I hadn’t noticed standing there and Lisa both walk away without looking back. Case never let go of my hand.

“Case that goes for you to” Harris says.

Case surprises me by still holding my hand.  He turns to me “Lana do you want me to stay?” I look at him. I can’t believe he is going against what the King has told him to do. Before I have time to say anything to him however, Harris speaks again.

“Case I told everyone to leave. That means you too.” Harris says his tone showing he doesn’t appreciate the fact Case is not doing as he has been told. 

Case never even looks at the King. His eyes are still on me. “Lana do you want me to leave it’s up to you.” 

I have to say I feel my feelings grow even more for Case. I understand how much he cares for both Harris and Summer for him to go against them tells me a lot. “No Case you need to go. He's right we do need to talk, and we need to do it alone but thank you so much for standing by me.” He catches me off guard when he bends down and kisses me on the lips before telling me I only have to yell if I need him. He let’s go of my hand and starts walking towards the door having to pass by Harris as he goes. Harris stops him when he reaches his side. I thought he was going to be mad, but instead he puts his hand on Case's shoulder telling him not to worry everything will be fine. Case gives his head a nod letting Harris know he understands. Harris gives his shoulder a pat and Case walks out of the room. 

“Why don’t we all sit down," Harris says motioning towards the table. 

I take the chair at the far end of the table while Summer and Harris sit side by side at the other end of the table giving me plenty of space; trying to make me as comfortable as possible. I see it in their eyes they are as afraid as I am. Could this really be as hard on them as it is on me? Yeah, I guess it can be. They’re afraid I won’t talk to them, that I won’t want anything to do with them. Not knowing quite how I feel about that realization I just sit there with my hands in my lap. 

“You are truly beautiful Rain.” Summer says.

“My name is Lana not Rain.” I retort. 

“I'm sorry your right Lana is your name.” Summer says while her head drops a little.

“Sorry we weren’t here when you got ho...I mean here...but we had to be in a meeting, it took longer than we thought it would” Harris says trying to ignore the mounting tension in the room. 

I know he’s trying to give Summer time to recover from me telling her “Rain” wasn’t my name. I don’t mean to hurt her but there is NO way in hell I am going to be called Rain. I’ve already lost everything in my life I have no intention of losing my name as well. 

“Are you feeling better?” Summer finally asked.

“Yes much better thank you.”

“By what we heard you did a great job at taking down that Drag demon. It seems you’re going to be a natural. I believe you get that from me, I was a natural myself.” Harris says all boisterous. 

I can hear the pride in his voice as he tells me how proud he is of me even if he is also stroking his own ego at the same time. Plus the smile on his face shows how much he likes what I did. Summer is rolling her eyes at him as she shakes her head at his behavior. Without thinking I let out a laugh. Both Harris and Summer start laughing. 

“I guess that broke the ice didn’t it?” Harris says.

“Yeah I believe it did.” I answer. 

“I'm sure you have a lot questions Lana, and we will answer anything you ask. Summer tells me still smiling.

Sitting there, I think for a few seconds and realize I don’t have anything I want to ask them, well at least not right now I don’t. “This has really been hard on me. I'm not going to lie about that. Case told me the story about the war, and how the demons broke into the Keeper World. I know you guys put me with my parents to keep me safe”. I see the hurt that comes across both their faces when I call my mom and dad my parents but what did they expect? … “So I don’t really have anything I want to really get into with either one of you at the moment. I am still trying to process everything I have found out since waking up right now. This is going to be hard on all of us. I don’t want to make it any harder than it already is. But surly neither of you think we can simply just become this big happy family over night because that’s not how it works. However, I would really like to take the time to get to know you both. When I first arrived here well I should say when I first woke up here I hated you. Then yesterday when you came back, I ran out the door because I didn't want to see either of you, but last night a funny thing happened. See while I was sleeping something woke me up. Then I realized it was you two so I laid there and ease dropped on your conversation.” I see a smile playing on both their faces as I continue to talking. 

“What I heard were two people that did what they had to do. Two people that were worried I was going to hate them. Two people that were sad and scared I would never forgive them. Sometimes after you left I fell back to sleep. When I woke up this morning, I no longer had any anger at either of you. I'm still hurt don't get me wrong, but I'm hurting because, I miss my mom, dad, and brothers, all my friends. Thinking I'll never talk with them again or the fact they don't even miss me, I can’t even put into words how much that hurts. The only thing I wish you had been able to do differently is I wish could have made me forget them the way they forgot me.” Harris and Summer sit there listening to everything I have to say without opening their mouths. After a few minutes of me not speaking I guess they figured out I was done talking. 

Summer is the one that speaks first this time. “Lana thank you for everything you just told us. You’re right we were worried you would hate us. I have worried about that for the last eighteen years. I knew from the day we left you that Kristie and Raymond would become your parents. I’m glad you love them. We know they're your parents. We gave that right up when we left you with them. All we want is to be able to have some type of relationship with you. I’m sorry you’re hurting so much right now. If there was a way to stop your pain I would do it in a heat beat because I understand the pain you are feeling because I have felt in for the last eighteen years.”

“Thank you that means a lot to me but I’d rather we change the subject for the moment if you don’t mind.” They both nod their heads indicating they agree with me so I jump onto a much lighter subject knowing it will get a good laugh out of them. “Would either of you happen to have any idea what kinds of powers I now have?”  Harris starts laughing then he goes from laughing into a huge belly laugh. That makes Summer laugh, she doesn’t laugh as hard as he does, but she does have to wipe tears from her eyes.  

“God Lana you remind me so much of myself at your age” Harris says when he can finally speak again.

Harris saying that to me didn't make me mad matter fact it made me feel proud. I mean he is the King of the Keepers' World, and you can tell by looking at him, he is really a bad ass king at that. I believe he thinks I am going to be badass like him. “Thanks" I say, with a real smile on my face. That makes Harris laugh again. When he stops laughing he tells me he is sorry for laughing so much but that he has waited a long time to talk with me yet he never imagined we would be so much alike. Then he states they have no idea what my powers are. We talk for over an hour about a lot of different things. The more we talk to each other the more comfortable we get. Douglass comes in the room telling them someone is waiting for them in their office. They both stand up telling Doug to let whoever it is know they will be there in a few minutes. Summer looks back at me asking if tomorrow I would like to train some with her. Of course I jump at the chance. “Yeah sure…that sound's great…um do you think we could work on teaching me how not to disappear when I think about something?” Both their eyes get huge as they stare at me. 

“Have you done that? I mean have you disappeared?” Harris questions.

I snorted as I laughed at the astonished looks on their faces. “I may have taken a short trip to Ireland but lucky for me. I had a stake with me. Oh one more thing you guys want me to call you King and Queen or will Harris and Summer be alright?” Harris starts laughing again while Summer stands there staring at me. Harris tells me while laughing I can call them Harris and Summer then he takes Summer by the hand. Before they leave the room Harris lets me know we should meet up later he really wants to know why it was lucky I had a stake with me on my trip to Ireland. Summer assures me we will definitely be working on my manifestation abilities tomorrow. As they walk out, I hear Harris still laughing and Summer scolding him telling him to stop laughing that it isn’t funny that I could have been hurt. Right before they get out of hearing range, I hear Harris telling Summer she’s right, and he shouldn't have laughed, for some reason, I know Harris is lying to Summer trying to stop her from being mad at him. I also know Summer knows that is what he is doing. She just doesn’t let him know she knows. 



Chapter 10

Over the next few months, I settled in to my new life. I’m not going to lie I missed my family and friends on earth something bad. The first few weeks I thought I was dying due to the pain I felt in my heart but as the months went by the pain lessened of course I contribute the fact I have been working my ass off training all these months which left me with little time to hardly ever even think about my family and friends on earth. My powers are growing by leaps and bounds even after all these months I’m still discovering almost daily new things I can do. Harris and Summer don’t know what to make of it, I have already surpassed both of their abilities. Fighting has come natural to me. We go out nightly on patrol's most of the time we do nothing accept patrol. But when we do happen up on a demon or the uncommon rouge we kill them. I hate to say it, but I love to fight, plus I’m really good at it. My relationship with my birth parents has come a long ways. I have a lot of fun with them. They never pushed me. They always let me decide how much time we spend together and what we talk about.

 A few months ago Lisa taught me how to shield myself from humans so I could go visit my family and friends. I managed to do it a few times but it didn’t take me long to comprehend the fact seeing them in that manner only made it worse on me. So I stop going to see them altogether. I can’t fathom how Harris and summer managed to visit me for all the years they did. I gained an all new respect for the both of them once I saw for myself what they put their selves through for eighteen years so they could lay eyes on me. Lisa and I have become extremely close friends she is my new BFF we both love to shop our styles may be different, but our love for shopping oversaw our different styles. Cain is a super wonderful he cracks me up all the time with his sense of humor. One thing I have seen but I keep to myself is the fact I believe he dating a Neither. I actually saw him with the girl one day while Lisa and I were our on one of our famous shopping trips. I'm pretty sure the girl is a werewolf. Lisa or Case knows nothing about Cain and the girl however I don’t believe it is my place to say anything to either of them. So my lips are zipped. See the keepers world have rules that a keeper must abide by. One of which is a Keeper is never allowed to become romantically involved with anyone other than another keeper. I know that sounds completely crazy while at the same time being a bit predigest but in another way I can see the Angels council’s point of view on the subject.  A Keeper has to live on the keeper’s world and you must be a keeper to live on our world which sort of knocks the dating pool down quite a bit. I will never tell anyone about Cain, I figure he can do what he wants after all is he is grown.   

I have not seen Dominick again. It has been about nine months matter fact. I’m starting to believe maybe I had made him up in my head both times I saw him. I have met just about everyone in the Keeper’s World. But I have never seen nor heard anyone speak his name. I have also met a few Angles they are a little intimidating I must say.  Even though I can tell for some reason they find me just as intimidating as I do them. 

"Hey” Lisa yells, sticking her head in my bedroom door “you want to go down to the Niles?”

“Yeah that sounds great let me put my hair up, and I'll meet you in the library.” The Niles is a club all the young Keepers hang out at; it’s a pretty cool place, it’s also the only club on the Keepers' World.

“Ok don't take forever I have it on good authority Mike's going to be there tonight.” Lisa replies smiling.

“Yeah, Yeah I'll hurry up we don't want you missing Mike.” I tell her laughing.

“Don’t start with me bitch. I'm not as lucky as some people around here that has a guy that’s been in love with her his whole life” Lisa replies in a snarly voice before flipping me the bird finger as she makes her way back down the hall.

“Ha ha”...I yell loud enough for her to hear while walking to the bathroom. Looking in the mirror at myself while I put my hair up, I think about Case. Over the last nine months, he and I have gotten close really close. We haven’t had sex, but that’s because I keep putting it off we have come close a lot of times though. Case always tells me it’s alright when I stop and tell him I’m not ready. He says it will happen when it’s the right time. I know it’s hard on him. I haven’t been able figured out the reason I keep stopping and trust me I have put a lot of thought into the subject. With my hair pulled back with several clips, I put some gloss on my lips before I leave my bedroom to start my walk down the long hall. I only make it a few feet before I’m being grabbed from behind with a voice I know so well whispering in my ear “where do you think you’re going.” 

“Hey let me go” I demand in a playful voice while pretending I’m trying to get away. “I’ve got a boyfriend I don't think you want to mess with me. He’s this really jealous type, and he'll kick your ass.”

“Yeah I think I’ll take my chances.” Case says, laughing while he turns me around to face him.

“Ok” I respond, slipping my arms around his neck laughing. “It’s your ass” tangling my fingers in his hair, I pull his lips down to mine. When our lips meet the fire is instant as it always is. God I don’t understand why I keep putting him off. Right now my body is so hot it feels like it might burst into flames. I can feel the moans rising up from his throat. He starts walking me backwards until my back hits against the wall. He picks me up and I wrap my legs around his waist feeling the proof of how much he wants me pressed against my sensitive parts making me groan. I pull myself tighter against him pressing my lower half against his dragging out a strangled moan from him. His hands run over my breast making me gasp as he kisses me harder. His hands leave my breast making their way into my hair I feel the clips come loose and hear them as they drop to the ground. Case loves my hair down every time he gets the chance he pulls my clips out so he can tangle his fingers in the long mass. I always have to fix my hair when he’s around. The kiss deepens even more it feels as if Case is trying to absorb my very soul. I am more than willing to let him have it.  My body is on fire for him. 

“Come on really? Can you two stop your shit for a couple of hours? We have got to go!” Lisa screams at the top of her voice. 

I try to push Case away, but it takes him a few seconds before he lets my mouth go. He groans still holding me as lays his forehead against the wall next to my ear. He whispers into my ear. “I’m going to fucking kill her. If I don't I swear she will be the death of me.” Turning my head, I give his ear a little lick, and he groans again making me laugh. Never looking up, he raises his voice making sure Lisa can hear him. “Go away Lisa!”

“Go to Hell, Case! Let Lana go where going to the Niles.” I couldn't help it. I laugh Lisa isn’t in the least bit intimidated by Case. She says whatever she wants to him even though he is always acting mad at her or saying he is going to kill her. We all know he thinks of her as his little sister and there is nothing he wouldn't do for her.

“Fine Lisa, give us a minute and we will be with you”. Case replies his forehead still against the wall I know he is trying to cool down. I need a minute myself.

“You’re not going with us Case it's just me and Lana” 

“Lisa you need to get out of here, I told you we will be down in a minute, and yes I'm going with you. I've been gone for two days, I'd like to see my girlfriend if you don't mind, or you could always go to the Niles by yourself?”

“Okay you can go with us if you must. I'll give you your minute of alone time but you both better have your asses in the library within two minutes” Lisa yells before stomping off.

I laugh at their conversation. Case groans then he laughs. Raising his head, he looks me in the eyes and says “hi, I missed you.” His lips touch mine with a feather like kiss. Lifting his head again he gives a small laugh then tells me he is going to make Lisa pay. Hitting his arm I tell him he better leave her alone. “You know Mike is going to be at the Niles tonight she just wants to see him.”

The whole time we were talking Case still has me pinned against the wall my legs remain around his waist while my arms are wrapped around his neck, as he plays with my hair.

“Your hair is beautiful Lana you’re so beautiful. After nine months, I still can't believe you're here." He takes my mouth again I kiss him back. I felt his hands come back to my breast as he starts to deepen the kiss, I push him away laughing telling him that will have to wait that our two minutes are up. He finally says alright and lets me go. I pick my hair clips up off the floor clipping my hair back up in them as we make our way to the library. 

CHAPTER 11 

“Have you ever tasted anything so good in your life?” I asked Summer as I take another lick from my huge three scoop death by chocolate ice cream cone. We are walking down the board walk in Savannah Georgia it’s a little after lunch on a Saturday. A couple of months ago Summer had asked if I would like to go grab a bite to eat for lunch and go shopping with her of course with the way I love food as well as shopping it was a no brainer that I jumped at the chance. After the first trip we had so much fun we decided to turn it into an every weekend thing the two of us would do together. We visit a different states or country every week. Being able to blink yourself anywhere in the world has a lot of perks to it. The best part about the Saturdays though has been how close we have gotten. She really is a great person so is Harris but the stuff I do with him is completely different. He and I usually spend our time together with him training me or we take long walks around the Keeper’s World while he tells me stories about what it was like being a child and living there. I have to admit I’m envious of all the Keepers for having the opportunity to grow up in such a magical place. 

“I'm going to say something if you feel it's not my business just say so, and I'll let it go.” Summer says.

“Ask away you know I'll let you know if it's something I don't want to talk about.”

Summer takes a lick from her chocolate ice cream and moans.  I laugh at the way she closes her eyes I swear she looks like she has died and gone to Heaven. She opens her eyes and laughs. We walk on for a few minutes laughing and joking about one thing or another. Then Summer gets serious.

“Ok here it goes it seems you and Case have gotten really close in the last few months?”

I knew this was going to come up eventually so I decide to answer and get it over with. “Yeah I guess you could say we have.”

“It also seems to me that maybe Case is a little more involved in the relationship than maybe you are.”

I have to say I never expected her to say that. It takes me a minute to reply. “Really, why would you say that?”

“When he looks at you, it's like you're his everything almost like he'd die without you but for some reason, I don't see that same expression in your eyes.” 

Ok this is so not going the way I thought it would. I thought maybe she would say something like “you two should slow down or are you having sex? If you are, are you both being safe?” Maybe this is a good thing that she wanted to talk about. After all I do have some questions about my relationship with Case. Like why I keep putting off having sex with him. I love him, and I know with everything in my heart that he loves me as well. Last night had been great we had gone with Lisa to the Niles. When he sat down, he pulled me onto his lap played with my hair kissed my neck he never stopped touching me. To him I was the only other person besides him in the place. He never even lifted his head to look at anyone else. I knew he had been hoping last night when we got home, I would have asked him to stay with me. To be honest I thought I would have too. 

Case had been gone for two days, and I had been just as happy to see him as he had been to see me but when we got back to my bedroom after a lot of kissing and petting I made up an excuse and sent him back to his bedroom. I know I hurt him when I did. I wasn't trying to be a tease I really had thought last night was going to be the night and for the life of me. I don’t understand what makes me keep stopping.

“I love Case Summer really I…” before I get the chance to finish that sentence we both hear a woman screaming from an empty building down the road from us. 

“Hold that thought honey I think we have some work to do.” Summer says, already moving toward the back of the building to find a way in. 




Chapter 12

“We can get in over here” Summer yells over her shoulder as she bends down going through an open window. I am right behind her. No sooner do we enter the abandoned warehouse than we hear the scream again. “This way” Summer shouts already running at maximum speed across the empty warehouse. It doesn’t take for us long to locate where the screams are coming from. Five Necromancer demons have a young woman tied up, from the looks of it they are really enjoying her fear. 

“Hey shit heads! Why don't you let the girl go and go back to Hell where you come from before we send you back there in a way I can grantee you won't like.” The girl looks at us, for the first time and we realize it’s not a girl at all instead it’s a lark demon. As far as demons go, they are really wimps. They love to eat human flesh, but they never kill their victims their selves. The upper demons use them to clean up the messes they leave behind. Gross I know.

“I'm starting to get the feeling we've been set up.” Summer tells me.

“Let’s teach theses assholes a lesson then.” I say, already running towards the Necromancers kicking the first one I come to it falls backwards into some boxes. I hit the second one in the face with my fist. He was ready for me though and hit right back so hard I felt the air leave my lungs. The next hit lands on my face it sends me flying backwards landing on my ass. I hate Necromancers! Standing up I give my body a shake making sure nothing is broken, before I take off running again. This time I jump straight into the air wrapping both my legs around the demons' neck. I start squeezing my legs together. I squeeze until I hear its neck pop. The demon falls to the ground taking me right along with him. Using my hands, I push myself back into a standing position. Turning around I see Summer has already killed two of the Necromancers. Leaving two more and the Lark demon, grabbing up a two by four I run towards one of the two that’s left that Summer is now fighting. Hitting the first one I reach across the back of the head with the two by four. The demon looks at me like he can’t believe I just did that to him. 

That look along tells me this is one of the higher-level demons, and he isn’t used to anyone hitting him. I hate higher-up demons they think their shit doesn't stink. The demon picks me up by my hair. I feel my feet leave the ground. I am wondering how the hell I am going to get out of this mess when I see a piece of the two by four shoot out of the Necromancer's belly. I hear Summer yelling, “don't touch my daughter asshole.” I land on my feet give Summer a smile and say “he wasn’t hard to kill after all”. Summer has killed the last two Necromancers. She’s a Queen, that kicks ass let me tell you. With all the Necromancers dead we go over the Lark which is still sitting in the chair pretending to be tied up. “Lark you going to talk or do we get to have fun with you?” I question. 

“Don’t kill me” the Lark screams “I'll tell you all I know.” 

“Talk then” Summer yells, “Why did the Necromancers want us down here? Why have they gotten you made up like a girl? Don't even think about trying to play games with us, or I swear to God I'll kill you were you sit.” Summer states to the demon. 

“I don't know everything I swear. All the Necromancers told me is they wanted your daughter, and if I would play like a girl in trouble to get you guys down here. I could eat you after they killed you.”

I see Summer’s face fall. I know she isn’t upset because the Lark told he wanted to eat us. That sound wrong on so many leaves I know. I would be laughing if it wasn’t for the crest fallen appearance on Summers face.

“Why do the Necromancers want my daughter?”

The Lark tells us he doesn’t know. That’s when Summer takes the Lark by the throat. She starts chocking him. “I said not to play with me Lark" she screams as the Lark is struggling to breathe. “Now I'll ask you once more demon if you lie to me this time, I'll kill you, I swear I will.” The Lark starts talking as I listen to the story he is telling, it sends chills through my body. He tells us the Necromancers, and all other demons want’s me. “It’s her powers” the Lark says. “Her powers are unlike anything any of us or even the Angels' have even seen. The only thing we've figured out is that she is the first to ever be born of both a true King and Queen you are both pure. You’re the first King and Queen to ever be born who is born already holding your titles. That gives her yours and her father’s powers plus her own powers. She is and will always be the strongest Keeper to ever live. That means whoever kills her can have her powers. Lucifer wants her powers for himself. The other demons want her powers so they can overpower Lucifer and take over Hell.” 

I stand there in shock at what I am hearing I feel cold. If what the Lark is saying is true. Then everything that lives will want me. I feel the blood leaving my head. Looking up I watch as Summer takes the Lark by the head then she twist it breaking its neck. She looks at me her face as white as my own. “Come on” she says putting her arm around me. I watch as the warehouse disappears. 




Chapter 13

I am sitting on the couch in the library Case has his arm around me holding me tight against his body. Harris, Summer, Cain, Lisa along with a few other Keepers and the whole Angel’s council are all discussing the best way to handle the news we received from the Lark. I hear them their voices all around me I’m trying my best to block out what their saying but I’m not having much luck with it. My limbs have gone numb and I’m having a hard time swallowing it feels like I have a rock lodged in my throat.     

“What do you mean we're going to have to get her out of the Keeper World?” Harris yells at one of the Angels. 

“She has to leave” the Angel replies. “We can't take the chance of another war with the demons. You both should have thought about what you were doing before you hid Lana and let her grow up on earth. There’s always consequence's for your actions. Instead of trusting us when she was born you both chose to let everyone believe your daughter had died during childbirth. Because of your actions, she was raised on earth. She was never purified as a baby she walks with the sins of humans. We can't put our world or all the Keepers who live here in danger.”

Case comes off the couch “are you fucking crazy” he yells at the Angel named Michael. This is the safest place she can be. There’s no way she’s leaving. I'm sure if you asked you'll see that all the Keepers here are willing to fight to make sure she is safe.” 

Summer walks over sitting down next to Case wrapping her arms around his neck hugging him “It's alright son don't worry Lana's not going anywhere.” I look up when Case removes his arm from around me and watch him slip both his arms around Summer hugging her tight. She loves him like he's her son and he loves her like a mother. It makes me wonder if today when she asked me about mine and his relationship if she hadn’t been more worried about him than she had about me. Why do I feel jealous of Case and Summer's relationship? Fuck I’m losing my mind. I know she loves me and Case both she would never put his feelings before mine or vise, versa the little voice in the back of my mind raises it’s ugly little head telling me “this wouldn't be happening to me now if when I had been born, they had kept me like real parents are supposed to.” I shut the thought down as soon as it pops in my head. I know they did what they had to do at the time to make sure I stayed safe. I’m just stressing out and it’s bringing out my vulnerabilities I hate this shit. I stand up “excuse me, I think I need to lie down.” 

I'm sure they are all wondering how I could possibly consider wanting to sleep while all this shit going on but I need to be away from everyone so I can think. Summer let’s go of Case and is standing in front of me before I even manage to take my first step. She pulls me into her arms hugging me tight to her chest of course that only makes me feel guilty for the thoughts I was only thinking moments ago. Right now my emotions are all over the place. Hugging summer back tears run down my face.

“Are you alright?” Summer whispers. 

“I really need to lie down right now.”

“Don’t worry nothing’s going to happen to you. I would die before I let anyone hurt you. Do you hear me? Now go lie down and get some rest sweetheart.” Summer says giving me one last squeeze before releasing me from her arms. 

I leave the room heading towards my bedroom Case catches up with me taking my hand into his we walk down the long hallway without speaking. Once we reach my room I take a tank top from my drawer and go to the bathroom to change. I slip my shirt over my head then step out of my pants. I stare at myself in the mirror standing there in my panties and nothing else. I appear to be the same person I had been a year ago, but I wasn't. Now I’m a World Keeper and the Princess to the throne who has more powers than I know what to do with and evidently I still have more powers I have yet to learn; which is making me a target to every fucking demon in the world, along with anyone else that wants to take my powers from me. 

Slipping the tank top over my head, I pull it down my belly it meets right at the top of my panties. I reach up taking the clip out of my hair letting it fall down my back. I run my fingers through its thick mess getting out a few tangles. After a minute, I give up and go back to the bedroom. Case is lying on the bed. He has his shoes kicked off. They lay in the floor at the foot of the bed. He pulls the blankets back for me. I crawl in the bed and under the covers I hold the covers up asking him to join me. He slides under the blankets with me but never offers to remove his clothes. He pulls me into his arms, and I go willingly. Needing the comfort he is offering. My head is on his chest my hand lying over his heart. He is holding me tight every now and then he places soft kisses on top of my head. 

We lay that way forever. The room starts getting dark as the sun goes down. Case's kisses begin to change they have gone from the top of my head to cheek. He slides down a little in the bed rolling to his side facing me. Holding me in his arms the whole time, now he is on his side one of his arms is under my neck with his other arm around my waist. His lips touch my neck. Kissing and licking, his hand rubbing up and down my back that is all it takes for him to have my body on fire. His lips are at my ear, and he whispers my name. Then he kisses my neck again. I can’t stop my body from reacting to his touch. I’m burning for him my girly parts are wet and hot. I feel that I can explode with just one more touch from him. 

“Lana” he whispers, again I can hear in his voice how much he needs me. That makes me even hotter. “I love you” he whispers, that is the first time he has ever said those words to me. I run my fingers in his hair. I make a fist taking some of his hair in it and pull his head up until I can reach his lips. When his lips touch mine, he lets out a groan and pushes himself against me letting me feel how much he wants me. I kiss him harder rolling on my back and pulling him on top of me. His lips leave mine as he starts kissing down my neck again. His hands are all over my body. I push myself against his body not able to get close enough to him. I let out a soft moan. I feel my tank top being lifted, and I don’t care I want this. I run my hands down to the top of Case’s jeans and find the button and zipper. I unfasten his jeans. Feeling his erection I reach my hand in wrapping it around him. Case sucks in a breath and holds it and stops moving for a moment then I move my hand up and down him and he moans so loud I use my other hand to pull his lips back to mine kissing him again to try and stop him from making so much noise. His mouth devours mine his tongue mating with mine. His hand’s and lips are everywhere at once but after a couple of minutes he pulls away from me and sits up on the bed running his hands through his hair. His breathing is heavy as he tries to get himself under control. He finally turns towards me his eyes still filled with hunger.
“I can’t believe I’m saying this. But we don’t need to do this right now. You’re not thinking straight and I want to make sure that when we do this for the first time you don’t have any regrets about it later. I want you to be as sure about it when it happens as what I am” He says in a broken voice still running his hands through his hair.
I can tell it was hard for him not only to say that but for him to stop as well. To be honest with myself I don’t think I would have had any regrets if we had made love but I do think he is right. This is not the best time for it to happen but that doesn’t mean we can’t do other things and there’s no way he is leaving me the way I am right now.  I’m not going to leave him hanging either. 
I sit up on the bed and climb onto his lap and look into his beautiful blue eyes. I can feel his breath catch as I place my hand on his cheek. “Case if we have sex right now I would not regret it, but I think you’re right this may not be the best time for it to happen. I don’t want our first time together to be rushed or maybe interrupted. I want our first time together to be long enough to have a second and a third time all at the same time” I smile at the smile that crosses his face as he continues to look at me.

“Yeah that’s what I would like our first time to be like too. But we may need to add a few more times to go along with that”. He says laughing as he wraps his arms around my waist.
I laugh with him “yeah well until we can find the time for us to make that happen we do have right now and even if we don’t go all the way we can still take care of each other. Until we can do all the other things we want to do and right now I really need you Case” I tell him wrapping my arms around his neck bringing my head down I suck his lower lip into my mouth making him moan. 
“Mm…What are you talking about Lana?”
I’ve thought this before but with Case’s looks and his age I always thought I was crazy for even considering the possibility but maybe I wasn’t as crazy as I thought. I guess the only way I’m going to know for sure is to be to ask him. “Case have you ever been with a girl before?”
He stares me right in the eyes like I’ve lost my mind. Without any embarrassment what so ever he says “NO, of course not. I’ve been in love with you for as long as I can remember I’ve never thought about being with anyone but you. You’re the only girl I’ve ever wanted to be with. The only one I will ever want to be with, it’s always been you.”
I am speechless. What do you say to something like that? This guy is perfect and he is mine. He is an Angel. I kiss him before I slip off his lap.  I take the waist of his jeans by my hands and slip them off his hips leaving his boxers on for the time being. Then I stand up and pull my shirt over my head standing before him in nothing but my panties. I watch as his eyes devour my body. I let him look at me for a minute before I get back on the bed with him. I lift his shirt over his head and let it fall to the floor then I push him back on the bed and lay down beside him. 
He has his big hand on my waist his eyes watching my every move. I put my hand on his cheek and whisper “you’re my Angel” right before I kiss him. I run my tongue along his lower lip and he sucks it into his mouth kissing me slow. I run my hand up and down his chest I can feel his heart pounding against my fingers before long his lips leave mine and travel down my neck. His affection causing my body to catch fire again, I roll to my back to give him better access and his hands soon find my breast. When his finger touches my nipple I moan and he stops to look up at me. Then he drops his head and takes my nipple in his mouth and sucks causing me to moan louder. I spread my legs and take his hand. I urge him to put it into my panties and place his fingers where I need them most. Then I show him what I want him to do. When he makes the first circle motion on his own my hips rise off the bed and I gasp letting him know how good he is making me feel. 
I run my hand down into his boxers wrapping it around him and he stops breathing all together.  When I move my hand up and down on him his head falls on my chest and he lets out a loud groan. Once again I use my other hand and pull his head up to mine locking our lips together. Our moans are caught by our kisses. I feel myself going over the edge and I want to be the first to go because I want to watch his beautiful face when this happens to him for the first time. When it hits me I feel myself tighten around his fingers his lips leave mine I open my eyes to see him watching me, I never take my eyes from his. As I work my hand up and down on him it only takes two or three strokes before he’s coming all over my hand. He lets out a deep groan throwing his head back as he gets his release. He comes for the longest time his body shaking and his groans go on forever. It was beautiful. Plus just to add in the “Ewe” factor we now have a huge mess to clean up and I do mean huge. 
When Case finally gets himself under control he stares down at me with wonder in his eyes and a smile lights up his face. “WOW” he says. 
I start laughing I can’t help it after all that… and anything in the world he could say he comes out with “WOW” well I guess that word says a lot. 
“Yeah I guess WOW dose about sum it all up Angel boy” He bends down and starts to kiss me but I stop him. “Hold up there lover boy I think you and I need to clean up before we do any cuddling or kissing you made a mess in case you haven’t noticed “Hot shot” and yes pun intended.” I smirk getting off the bed as he just jumps off following me to the bathroom laughing.
After we are both clean up Case picks me up and carries me back to bed pulls the covers back before laying me down and crawling in beside me wrapping his arms around me. 
“I never knew anything could be like that, I mean I always thought it would be good but I never thought it would be like that. We didn’t even have sex, I don’t know if I’ll live through that after what I just went through with this” He laughs as he is saying then kisses my neck.
“You’re crazy you know that right” I say laughing as I elbow him in the stomach.
“Yeah I’m crazy in love with you and as of tonight I’m probably going to be obsessed. With how to get you alone every time I can so we can do it again. We can do this again right?” 
“Yes we can do this again, whenever you want to do it.” I tell him laughing he is acting like a little boy and I love it. “But I have to tell you what we just did is just the beginning of what we can do together until we get to make love.”
“Oh God you’re killing me, now I want to know what else we can do. You want to show me now I’m up for it and yes as you say pun intended”. He said kissing my neck. He grinds his hips against me and I can feel just how much he is up for it.
Laughing I roll over to face him. He’s smiling at me and I can’t help but smile back at him. “I think I created a monster” 
“I’m your monster baby, train me, make me mind, do with me what you want.  I’ll let you I swear.” He laughs and lifts his eyebrows up and down.
I burst out laughing and he starts tickling me making me laugh even more then he rolls on top of me and lifts my hands above my head. His gazes holding so much love for me that I feel humbled by it. He bends down kissing the tip of my nose then his eyes are back on mine. 
“God Lana you are so beautiful you take my breath away. When you came the way you did, I watched you and I couldn’t believe that you are finally mine. You showed me tonight that you want me as much as I want you. I could feel you coming on my fingers. I never wanted that feeling to end. To know that I was making you feel that way, to know that I was making you come like that, it made me feel like the biggest man in the world. Like I could do anything and then when you made me come. I felt like I was the weakest man in the world because I couldn’t hold anything back. But at the same time I didn’t want to. I don’t mind you seeing me when I’m weak. No one has ever seen me like that before, only you, but you’re everything to me. I want to share everything with you”. His eyes are so intense.  His words are as perfect as he is.
“Do you know that you’re perfect? You’re way too good for me. I’m not worthy of you. You need to find someone that’s more deserving of you than I am. That is as good as you, not someone like me I’m not good enough for you. The things you say to me are far too beautiful to be wasted on me.” I feel tears slid down my cheeks as I say these words to him. Because I know they are true. If I loved him half as much as he loves me it wouldn’t have taken us nine months to do what we had just done. I know that and it breaks my heart. I love Case I know I do and I don’t understand why some part of my heart keeps holding back. I want to give this wonderful man as much of myself as he is giving me of himself. 
“Shh…don’t say things like that you are perfect. You always have been I used to watch you with your friends, and wish I could show myself or go to your school, anything. Just so I could be close to you. That was the way everybody was at your school. They all wanted to be your friends or the boys they wanted to be your boyfriends. But that was because they all knew how special you were how perfect you were. You’re beautiful on the inside and out baby.”
I don’t know what else to say so I do the only thing I know to do to shut him up. That is to kiss him and it works. After a while I tell him I’m getting tired and need to get some sleep. He kisses my lips again before I roll over on my other side with my back to him. 
He puts his arm around me and pulls me close to his chest. I lay there thinking about everything that’s happened today. Everything the Lark told me and Summer. Satan, Lucifer the big man in Hell whatever you want to call him has put a bounty on my head to be paid to anyone or should I say anything that delivers me to him. Evidently, because I was raised on earth with humans, I carry all human sins with me. I was supposed to have had some kind of purification done to me by the Angels after I was born so that human sins could never attach to me or something like that I really don’t understand it all. 

I do, however, understand the part that because I never had the purification done any demon can take my powers away from me. But they will have to kill me to get them. Now all demons want me. Some of them want to kill me their self-thinking if they take my powers, they will be strong enough to kill Lucifer and take Hell over. Now I’m on the most-wanted list of demons. Furthermore, it seems that I have more powers that I have yet to discover, and I have no idea how I’m going to find out what they are.
 I know whatever they are will really hurt demons. I have to find out what these powers are. That’s going to be the only chance I have at staying alive. I can hardly keep my eyes open. I feel my mind shutting down. The last thing I remember hearing is Case whispering he loves me, and he will make sure nothing happens to me. Next time I open my eyes it’s light outside. Case is still holding me tight in his arms. Not wanting to wake him, I stay as still as possible and finally drift back off to sleep. The next time my eyes opens it is to my lips being kissed. I open my eyes and Case smiles down at me. 

“How are you feeling?” 

“I feel good but I think I may need another kiss to put me at being great."

“My pleasure I definitely want you being great. He said lowering his head. 





Chapter 14

Case and I walk into the dining room for breakfast. Everybody is already there. We sit down and fix our plates and start eating. We all talk and make jokes, but nobody mentions yesterday. 

"Listen” I finally say “I was upset yesterday I'm sorry for making you all worry about me, but I’ve decided there's no way I'm going to sit here afraid. I'm a World Keeper. I fight that's my life I keep others safe. I'm not going to stop fighting I can't. Anything that wants me will have to fight to get me. That means Harris you and I have a lot of work to do. Evidently, I have powers that we don't know about yet. We have to find out what they are and how to use them. I've been thinking if the demons and Satan want me so they can get to my powers I must be capable of doing something big. We need to find out what that is” 

Summer speaks next “I don't think this is a good idea. It’s best if you just stay hid away until we can think of some way to get you purified.” 

“I'm sorry Summer, I don't want to make you worry. I've already lost everything I’ve ever known. I’m just now starting to feel comfortable in my new life. So please don’t ask me to change it all over again.” 

“I agree with Lana” Harris states, “I think she should keep doing all the things she has been doing. She doesn’t need to hide. If she has the kinds of powers the demons seem to believe she does she needs to know what they are and how to use them. The more she knows the safer she will be.” 

“I’ll help you train” Lisa says.

“I will too” Cain replies. 

“You know I’ll back you with whatever you want to do” Case states. 

“Summer would you help me too? Please?" I beg. I really need to know she understands.

“Honey I’ll always be beside you. If this is what you want, then this is what we will do.” 

“Thank you everyone. This means a lot knowing you'll all help me. Now I’m starving" I say as I go back to eating. I devour a ton of food. I sit back rubbing my stomach laughing at all the food I put away. “Well, if I keep eating like this, I may get so fat that nobody knows who I am. Even if they did I'd be too heavy for them to carry off.” 

Harris laughs and says, “I guess we'd better get started before that happens then. We have a lot of work ahead of us.” 

We all changed into workout clothes and met up in the gym. Over the next couple weeks, we work with no luck. We aren’t any closer to finding out any of my new powers than we had been when we first started. We’ve given up for the day, we’re all sitting around grumbling trying to decide what it’s going to take to wake up my dormant powers. Out of nowhere the gym doors come crashing down. They land half way across the gym. In walks six of the biggest demons I have ever seen. Everybody jumps to their feet at the same time. The fighting starts everywhere the demons have something in their hands I can’t tell what it is because no demon has gotten close to me. I watch Lisa go down first. It’s a syringe they are poisoning us. Cain and Harris go down next.  I take off at a full run towards the demons. I see Case go down, and I scream loud as I feel my heart breaking as I see the people I love die before my eyes. My anger is growing heat is consuming my body within seconds my whole body feels like it is on fire. I scream out in agony as the fire inside me over takes both my arms. I believe my brain is melting, my anguish causing another tormented scream to leave my mouth. Something is about to happen I feel it building. My arms proceed to extend out in front of me of their own accord once they reach a ninety degree angle red and blue flames shoot from my fingers hitting two of the demons burning them to ashes in seconds while at the same time releasing some of the heat from my suffering body. I scream again. Not sure what is happening to me.

 My eyes shoot to the other demons one at a time while in my mind I’m wishing them dead. I watch as each one explodes front of my eyes sending body parts flying everywhere. I stand there dazed by what just happened. “Snap out of it Lana we will deal with what you just did later” Summer screams pulling my attention back to the here and now as she runs falling to the floor in front of Harris. “He’s alive his pules is strong” she tells me crying as she hugs his body to hers. I run to Case checking his pules his to is beating strong. We check on Cain and Lisa, and find they are alive as well. It doesn’t take long until they all regained consciousness almost at the same time. They study their surroundings searching for the demons but soon realize they are gone. 

“Don't look at me” Summer says “it was all Lana I do believe she found her hidden powers.” 
Summer goes about explaining what had happened while I stand there stunned and bewildered about what took place. Everybody is watching me I’m not sure if they are scared or proud they have more of an appearance of being baffled which I understand completely. 

“Fuck…have we been invaded again" Cain screams and everyone overcomes their surprised features jumping to their feet at once. We all take off running at the same time but before we get to far the Angle named Michael steps into the gym blocking our path. 

“Calm down please” he demands “you have nothing to fear. It was a test. The council has been watching you the last two weeks with Lana. We decided it was time to up the ant’y on her. We knew if she thought she was losing the people she loves it would push her beyond her safe spot bringing her hidden talents front and center.”

Harris comes forward. His voice starts out calm but grows in volume with each word. Before he stops speaking he is yelling. “How could you do what you did to us? You drugged us. Knocked us out, my daughter thought we were dead! You’re fucking angels the good guys you’re supposed to save people not scare them to death! What right do you guys have to play with people's lives you’re not God. You don’t have the right to do whatever you want any time you want.” 

The Angel speaks “You are wrong Harris. We have every right to do whatever we want. We have to make sure no demons ever get into the Keepers' World again. We also have to make sure Lana can protect herself from demons. If a demon ever got hold of her powers the effects it would have would be unthinkable. We are trying to help her. We are working on a way to purify her. However, I will tell you this before we let demons kill her and take her powers.  We will end her life ourselves."

“How dare you, if you ever touch my daughter, I’ll kill you-all…do understand me?” Harris booms. 

“Harris I will overlook your words because I know you are upset and worried about your daughter. Take that anger and put it to a better use by working at increasing her powers. Now that you know what they are.” The Angel says right before fading away. 




Chapter 15

The next week things calm down. I should say Harris is calming down. I don’t like what the angels did, but thanks to them, I did find my hidden powers. Sometimes it scares me at what all I’m capable of doing. It blows my mind is more like it. I can make things move by just thinking about it. I can make people do what I want them to by putting the images in their heads. I can make them forget things see things whatever I want. I can also hide myself from other Keepers. No other Keeper has ever been able to do that.
Furthermore, I can shoot fire from my fingers. I no longer have to fight when we patrol. If we see demons I just tell them to die, and poof they're gone. I'm no longer afraid I know I can handle anything that comes my way. 

“Let’s go out tonight” Lisa says.

“Great want a go to Niles?” 

“No I mean let’s go out.” 

“You want to leave the Keeper’s World?” 

“Yeah I want to leave the Keeper’s World. Let’s go to New York clubbing.”

“Alright…sounds great. Are we going to make it a girl's night out, or are we going to take the guys with us?” 

“They can come. They've been working hard they need a night out. Besides I doubt Case would let you go clubbing without him. Lisa says laughing. “But on the other hand, if Case goes with us, you're not going to be able to dance with anyone other him. If some poor guy even looks your way, he’s going to go off on them.”

“Maybe I don't want to dance with anyone other than him.”

“You know…you two totally make me sick. Are you guys ever going to calm down with all the mushy shit? It’s not like you just started dating. My God…I thought the new would have worn off after a while and you two would stop with your I can’t get enough of your body crap, but I swear you guys keep getting worse instead of better.” 

“Well get over” I say and start laughing when Lisa rolls her eyes at me. “Besides were not that bad, and I happen to like the way he wants to touch me all the time. So deal with it.” I respond then stick my tongue out at her. “Hey…can I borrow something sexy to wear tonight?”

“You’re joking right? Shit…you are so going to get some poor guys ass kicked.” Laughing Lisa grabs my arm, leading me to her bedroom. Within minutes I find a black leather outfit to wear that I know will have Case's head spinning. When I get back to my bedroom I quickly blink myself to the Days' Inn that I had been going to stay at with Angie and Liz the night I met Case and made reservations for the night. It’s not that I’m worried about us drinking and driving; since we don’t have to drive to get from place to place. These reservations are for me and Case only. Tonight is going to be the night I have waited long enough Case is a great guy. He loves me and tonight I’m going to prove to him just how much I love him. When I get back from the hotel, I take off down the hall to find Cain and Case. They aren’t hard to find of course.

They both are sitting on huge beanbags in front of the TV talking smack to each other while playing a football game on the Playstation 3. “You both better be ready by eight tonight we're going out and not to Niles, either.” I watch as they hit the pause button on the game then turn to look at me.

“We’re going back to the club I first met you guys at.” 

“You think that’s a good idea?” Case asks as he stands up making his way towards me.

“Yeah I think it’s a great idea.” I reply as I wrap my arms around his neck pulling his head down to mine and kissing him. His arms go around my waist as he kisses me back. When his lips leave mine, I smile up at him.

“Hello” he says smiling down at me. 

“Hello yourself” I say back still returning his smile. “Okay I’ve got to go. I have lots to do before we go out tonight. You two may continue your game.” With that said I let go of him to make my exit from the room but he doesn’t release. “Um…you can let go now.” 

“You sure you don’t need me to come help you with anything?” Case questions running his hands up my back while he raising his eyebrows up and down. 

Laughing I pull his arms from around me. “Stop perving on me and go play your game I’m quite capable of getting ready by myself. He plops another kiss on my lips before letting me go and jumping back on his beanbag and hitting start on the PS3 again. I go to the kitchen and make me a sandwich get a cold drink from the refrigerator then go into the dining room to eat. I pick up the book I have been reading on and had left on the table. It is called “Begins” when I first started reading it didn’t take me long to realize it was about how the Keepers' World was created. Since I didn't grow up here I am finding the book fascinating. I’m one the tenth chapter now something in the second paragraph causes me to pause. I reread it over again trying to make since of what it is saying “When two of pure and grace come together, their off spring can be un-pure and out of grace. There good and evil will become one. What does that even mean? I ponder, the book does read like something from Macbeth, and I’ve never have been able to understood Macbeth. 

I take the book back to my bedroom with me and crawl into my bed to continue reading for a while. After about half an hour of reading I find I’m extremely sleepy glancing at the clock I notice I have time for a nap. Closing the book I roll over on my side and shut my eyes it doesn’t take long before I drift off to sleep. I jump awake sometimes later and let out a yep when I see I had been asleep a lot longer than I intended to. Leaving me only a couple of hours to get ready in, I know that sounds like plenty of time but it’s not because I want to take my time and make myself as beautiful as I can for Case. By the time I shower get dressed and ready to go, I have used up the whole two hours I had. 

I love the black leather mini skirt with the low cut black leather halter and the fishnet stockings with my black leather boots. My hair is down, the thick main laying in wild waves of brown and red down my back. Blood red lip stick finishes off the whole sexy look I was going for. Leaving the bedroom, I walk to the library. Case's mouth drops open at the sight of me. I smile and Lisa looks at Cain, “Shit, some poor sap is going to get his ass-kicked tonight. Let’s go before you become that sap and Shut your mouth your drooling dumbass.”  Lisa tells Cain pulling him towards the door. 



Chapter 16

We blink into the club at eight thirty. We are a little late because Case wouldn't let me go. He kept telling Lisa and Cain to go on without us that we had changed our minds about going. That we were going to stay at home and have our own fun, he is so bad. The only way I could finally get him to go was to whisper in his ear that I had us a room at the inn for the night and we wouldn't be coming back home. He understood what I meant as soon as I said it “Now you still want to stay home or have you changed your mind?” I asked him. He took my hand yelled down the hall to Cain and Lisa “Let's go. What are you slow pokes waiting on?” I hit him on the arm and laughed. He looked back at me and moved his eyebrows up and down in the funny way I love so much. Lisa and Cain had both looked at him like he had gone crazy then asked me what had gotten into him. 

Case looks at them “are you guys crazy I've got the chance to go show off my girl. Why wouldn’t I want to go?” They both give him that “you are losing it look again.” 

Cain said, “Let’s go if we're going before he changes his mind again” and we blinked straight to the club. 

“Ok” Case said smiling down at me, “I really had a lot of fun. Are you ready to go now?” 

Laughing I hit him on his arm again. I take him by the hand and tell him “Let’s find a table”. As soon as we sat down the waitress come around and took our order’s and returned within minutes with our drinks. Lisa and Cain took off to the dance floor. “Are we just going to sit here or are we going to dance?” I asked.

“I don’t feel like dancing I’m too tired. We should go ahead and go to the hotel.” he replies smiling.

“If you're too tired to dance that’s ok you can sit here and rest. I'll just ask somebody else if they would like to dance with me” I said smiling and acted as if I was fixing to stand up. 

Case takes me by the arm. “Please don't make me have to kill somebody tonight. I've never killed a human before, but I will if I see another guy touching you.”

“Then I guess you better dance with me then…huh?” I put right back at him. He stands up takes my hand and leads me to the dance floor. His hands go around my waist and mine around his neck. “You know the last time we were here, and I saw you dancing with that door guy I thought he was going to be the first human I killed.”

Laughing I shake my head and tell him he is crazy. However, I have to admit part of me doesn’t believe he’s joking. We dance for a couple of hours. We drank a couple of beers between dances. 
“Case I need to go to the restroom I'll be back in a minute”. I bend over to kiss him, and he asked me if I was going to slip out the window and run away again reminding me of what I had done the last time I had been here and went out the bathroom window. Laughing I give him another kiss and tell him I'll be right back. I almost made it to the bathroom when something stuck me in the neck. I turn around and yell for Case right before I felt my mind shutting down. I see him jump to his feet. That’s the last thing I remember seeing before everything went black.

When I come to I have no idea where I’m at but I hear someone say, “She’s awake.” I try to use my powers, but they aren't working. Probably, because of whatever they shot me with. I hear someone coming towards me. When they come into view, I see it’s a Necromancer. “Good your awake I'm very happy about that. Now I know you know your powers aren't working, and before they have time to return I'm here to pass on a message.”

“What’s your message demon?” 

“I'm here to tell you that Lucifer has your parents. If you don't want them killed, then day-after tomorrow you will meet him at this address and give yourself to him freely.” 

“My parents are on the Keeper World. I'm not stupid enough to fall for that shit.”

“I don't mean the King and Queen Princess. I mean the parents that raised you. I believe their names are Raymond and Kristie Parker.”

I feel my heart breaking. I know the demon is telling me the truth. “Give me the address" I say. I feel the moment my powers come back. I know I can just say die and every demon, here will drop dead. That’s not what I want. This time I want to kick some ass and watch as they die. I said “ropes” and they disappear from my body at once. A startled look crosses the demons face as he realizes my powers have returned. “If I'm going to have to hand myself over in two days to Satan, then right now I'm going to kill as many of you fuckers as I can.” Before I rise up I kick the Necromancer in the side of the head. I sit up, my eyes shooting daggers at him then say, "Burn." I watch as the demon starts burning. Then I thought about Case and the rest of my family and friends. I hate thinking they are worried about me, but I can’t let them find me until I make sure my Mom and Dad are safe. I put a wall up in my mind blocking them all out.

I leave the basement I had been brought to. Every time, I appear before a demon. I see the fear on their face's right before I end their lives. I kill the last demon then step out the door to freedom when I hear a voice say, “Hello Princess.”
 I know the voice. It has been over ten months since the last time I’ve heard it, but I’ve never for gotten his sexy baritone. Turning around slowly there he stands as beautiful as the last time I laid eyes on him. My Greek God, he still takes my breath away. He is staring at me his eyes running up and down my body. Making me remember the way I am dressed. I feel a blush rushing to my cheeks. What am I doing I ask myself I don’t have time for this? “We need to get the hell out of here" I say. 




Chapter 17

We are in front of the house I grew up in and nothing has followed us. I run to the front door. Knowing the door is locked, I bent down to look under the flower pot to see if by some chance, they still keep the extra key in the same spot. Sure enough there it lay. Giving Dominick a smile, I hold the key up. He never returns the smile he just stands there looking around like something may jump out on us at any moment. Inserting the key, the lock turns. Walking in I stand in the living room staring. Everything is the same. My heart feels heavy and sad, I've been home sick but it really hit me now how much I still miss my family and this house. The house isn’t anything special but the memories it holds are. Realizing Dominick never followed me inside I turn around and see he is staring at me from the door. 

"Would you like to come in or are you just going to stand out there and stare at me?"  
Dominick hesitated like he wasn't sure if he wanted to come in. He gives the door a hard glare then walks through it.

“There’s nothing in the world I’d rather be looking at than you Princess.” 

My face grows hot again. “Will be safe here I’ve blocked myself from everyone’s view. There's no reason anyone should think I'm with you. As far as I know there's nobody that even knows we have ever met.” Dominick holds his hand over his heart as if my words wounded his heart. 

“You haven’t told anyone about me?” 

“Sorry big guy didn't mean to hurt that big ego of yours, but I'm afraid not.” 

“Don't worry about it, I think my ego can handle it.” 

“To tell you the truth I thought I had made you up.”

“I think my ego may be growing as you speak.” Dominick says with an awesome smile on his face again.

“Trust me I didn’t mean it as complement. I said smiling at the fake wounded look he is giving me again. “I want to look around. Make yourself at home." I tell him before heading down the hall way. Everything is exactly as I remember it. Standing there regarding the kitchen my mind wonders back to the last conversation I had with my parents in here. My mom had been baking my birthday cake while my dad set at the island I had been waiting for Angie and Liz and my dad was lecturing me about drinking and college. My mom had come to my recue telling my dad to leave me alone and let me have some fun. If I had known that would have been the last time I’d ever see them, or that they wouldn't remember who I was after that night. I never would have left the house. I would have spent every minute I had left with them.

“Are you alright?” Dominick asked touching my shoulder. His words and his touch bring me out of my trip down memory lane. “Sure I‘m fine, guess I've been a little more homesick than I thought that’s all. Are you hungry?” I question changing the subject. “My mom always has the best food.”

"Yeah I could use a bite of something."

“Let’s raid the fridge then.” Opening the fridge door, I moan seeing all the food my mom has prepared. Taking out the roast beef, chicken, cheese, tomato, lettuce and some mayo, I lay it all on the counter and tell Dominick to look in the cabinet and get the bread out. I point towards the cabinet I am referring to. Everything in the house is still like it always has been. So therefore I’m guessing the only thing that changed is me.

Dominick lays the bread on the counter, and we prepare our sandwiches without talking. Reaching into the fridge, I grab a couple of cold drinks. We pull a couple of bar stools over to the island sit down. We eat in silence. But it’s a comfortable silence it’s like we don’t have to speak to be comfortable with one another.  After we finish off our sandwiches we get up and put everything away. “Thank you for not trying to make me laugh or feel better.” 

“I can feel your pain. I know how hard these last few months have been on you. I’m sincerely sorry for everything you’ve gone through, but I do need to know what happened tonight?” 

“Thank you that me means a lot to me.  I’ll tell you everything but can it wait for a few minutes? I have something I’d like to ask you first?”

“Sure we have time. I’m beginning to think we’re not going anywhere for a few hours.” 

“Thanks. So can you tell me where you’ve been for the last ten months?” I watch the smile appear on his beautiful face. The effect he is having on my body is the same as it was the last time I saw him. I knew it was because of his looks any girl would feel attracted to him, they couldn’t help themselves. I tell myself feeling guilty for being attracted to him. It makes me feel like I’m somehow being unfaithful to Case. I love Case and he loves me, there is no way I would ever do anything to jeopardize our relationship but hell Dominick is hot there isn't a woman alive that could keep from gawking at him. Maybe if I continue telling myself that I will grow to believe my own lies.

“Why, have you been looking for me?” Dominick asked smirking.

“Maybe, maybe not…but I’ll never tell”. Then I realize it sounds like I’m flirting which I wasn’t doing at all. 

“If I had known you were searching for me, I would have made sure you would have found me. However, I’ve been out of the country on business.”

“Really what kind of business we’re you doing?”

“Personal business” He replies the smirk still in place. 

Knowing I’m not going to get any more information from him about where he has been I decide to change the subject. “You know it’s weird but every time I’ve needed help you’ve always been around if I didn’t know better I’d think you’ve been stalking me." 

“Now which one of us has the big ego? How could I be stalking you? I haven’t even been in the country.” 

“We both know that is not a big deal for Keepers.” I state. 
“Yes that is true but I’m not a Keeper.”

“You’re not?” well that explains the reason I have never seen him on the Keepers' World. 

“Nope I’m not.” 

“What are you then?” 

“I’m Dominick. I thought you knew that already” He says chuckling. 

“Ha ha you know what I mean. If you’re not a Keeper, then what are you?” 

“What does it matter what I am. Right now I’m all you have to help you in whatever mess you’ve gotten into this time.” 

“Sorry that was wrong of me. I have no right to ask you what you are. It’s disrespectful. It’s not any of my business. I truly am sorry.” I say feeling horrible for asking him such a question. 

“Don’t worry about it. You have nothing to be sorry about. It’s also not disrespectful. You have every right to ask, and I’ll tell you I promise just let me do it in my own time. Trust me you don’t have to worry or be afraid of me. I would never hurt you.”

“I do trust you Dominick. I know you wouldn’t hurt me. I’m not in the least bit afraid of you." 

“Thank you…that means a lot princess. Now if you don’t mind let’s go into the parlor and sit down so you can tell me what went on tonight.” 

“Alright let’s go” I reply.

Dominick follows me to the living room. We sit down on the couch, and I grab an Afghan off the back of the couch. Unzipping my boots I pull them off and tuck my feet under me and wrap myself up in the Afghan facing him, our knees are touching but neither one of us move away. I start talking, he never interrupts me. After I tell him the whole story he sits there. I can tell he is in deep thought, so I wait knowing he will speak when he has gotten all his thoughts together. 

“I see we really do have a problem on our hands” he finally says. His statement made me laugh. I have been sitting here waiting for him to speak and share his great wisdom and unbelievable knowledge with me. It takes me by surprise when the first thing out of his mouth is "we got a really big problem" when I glance over at him, I see he is smiling. He said that knowing it would catch me off guard. "Come on get serious" I tell him pushing my knee against his.

 “Have you ever tried to use your powers from long distance?”

“No you think that’s even possible?” 

“Why wouldn’t it be? Think about it, you have powers nobody has ever seen. You’re in the beginning stages of understanding them you have no idea what you may be capable of. My suggestion is we start working to see how far your mind-control works. The best way to do that is for us to have you work on moving things outside. If you can do that, then we know you can use all your powers from a distance, all we have to do then is find out how far away that distance is. If we start now that gives us almost three days instead of two days to work with.” 
“Let’s do it” I say.

Dominick starts by having me work on moving things in the yard. It doesn’t take long before I can move anything he asks me to. Then I start working on moving objects on the other side of the road. Within a couple hours, I’m moving things over a block away. All I have to do is see the place once and memorize my surroundings then I’m good to go. This gives me hope that maybe I can manage to get my parents out safe without having to give myself over to Lucifer in their place so he can kill me. Without thinking about what I’m doing I sling my arms around Dominick's neck. "Thank you so much for helping me.” 
He hugs me back. I feel when the hug changes. The laughing stops and we both grow quiet. Neither one of us let go of the other, after a few moments I make myself push on his shoulders. His arms let go of me. Staring up into his dark eyes I say, “Sorry about that I guess, I got a little excited thinking maybe I won’t have to go to Hell.”

"Yeah I get excited myself every time I 'm able to escape going to Hell”. Dominick says smiling down at me. “I think we both need to get some sleep. We have to be up early if we’re going to get a look at the place they are holding your parents and come up with a plan on how we're going to get them and ourselves out without any of us getting killed.” 

“Ok…let me show you where you can sleep."

“That's alright I'll sleep on the couch. You go lie down and get some rest.” 

Not knowing what else to say I decide its best not to speak. Walking down the hall, I enter my parents’ bedroom crawl into their bed and pull the covers over my head, I fall asleep within minutes. 




Chapter 18

I wake to light shining through the bedroom windows. Laying here I think about Case and how much I miss him. Knowing he has to be scared to death and looking everywhere for me. I feel guilty about blocking him and everyone else out, but I know I have no other choice. I want to keep them safe. Plus I know if him Summer and Harris or any of the others knew what was going on they would be here now. There is no way they would let me do what I have to do to save my parents, and I will save them, even if I have to give up my own life for theirs I will. 

I thought about Dominick and how glad I am he is here helping me. I also admit to myself how attracted I am to him and not just because of his looks but because of the type of person he is. I feel guilty for having feelings for another guy, but it’s not like I can stop how I feel. I wanted to kiss him last night. I’m pretty sure he wanted to kiss me as well. Pulling away from him had been one of the hardest things I've ever done. The only thing that stopped me from grabbing him by the hair of his head and dragging his lips to mine had been my feelings for Case and how my actions would hurt him. If I truly loved Case would I want to kiss another guy?  Ugh I am so confused right now. 
Feeling guilty I crawl out of bed and go through my mother’s closet find some comfortable clothes consisting of a pair of yoga pants and a pull over black shirt then I head to the shower to get ready for a busy day. Taking one of the new toothbrushes from the drawer, I brush my teeth then dry my hair and pull it into a ponytail. After getting dressed I go to find Dominick. He’s in the kitchen standing over the stove frying bacon. His black hair tied back. I have never seen him with it hanging down. I would love to untie it and watch all that thick black main fall to his shoulders and around his face. My God he truly is a sight to behold. He is beautiful in every way. My stomach gives a flip with butterflies as I gaze at him. 

“Morning Princess” he says, looking at me.

“You cook too?" 

“I can do a lot of things and I’m really good at all of them” he says smirking while he lays some of the beacon on a paper towel.

I bet you can. I thought then got mad at myself for the thought. Walking over I stand beside him and pick up a piece of bacon and bite into it. “You’re good Dom.” 

He laughs. “You know…nobody's ever called me that before. I've been called a bunch of other names none of them nice. However, you’re the first person to ever refer to me by a nickname. Lucky for you I sort of like you so I'll let you get by with it.”

“I'm so lucky. You don’t have many friends then do you Dom?” I question returning his smirk, loving the easy camaraderie we always seem to fall into.

“I don’t have any friends.” 

I see in his eyes he is telling me the truth. Not wanting things to turn serious I reply “You think that might have something to do with you being a freaking giant and that whole bad-ass intimidation thing you have going on?" That brought that awesome smile back to his face I love to see. 

“Now that you’ve mention it, that could have a little to do with it. Why is it that I don't seem to intimidate you?”  
“Because I'm pretty much a bad ass myself in case you haven’t figured that out yet?” I reply smiling at him as I take another piece of bacon and put it in my mouth. 

“Well, miss bad ass. Why don't you set the table and let’s sit down and eat? We have a long day ahead of us.” 

“Sure thing Dom " I state, and start laughing as I see him rolling his eyes at me. Picking up the bacon, I take it to the table set some plates out while he brings over the eggs he has cooked along with toast. I grab the milk and jelly from the fridge. We sit down and eat. We talk and laugh through the whole meal, making breakfast take a lot longer than it should have. We clean up then he excuses himself to take a shower. I wander around the house while he is in the shower looking at pictures of my parents and my brothers. That’s when it hits me. The demons had said, they had my parents never did they mention my brothers.  How could I have forgotten about my brothers? Where are they? Did the demons have them? Are they dead? Had the demons killed them? I’m in a panic by the time Dominick comes back to the living room. He knows something is wrong, as soon as he sees me.

“What’s wrong?” 

“I forgot about my brothers. How could I forget about my brothers?” I asked with tears running down my face. I sit down on the couch.

“What are you talking about Lana?” 

“I forgot about my fucking brothers. I don’t know if the demons have them, or if they killed them. How could I forget about my brothers Dominick?” He bends down on his knees in front of me. 

“Lana honey, stop crying. Its ok you haven’t done anything wrong. When the demons told you, they had your mom and dad your first instinct was to save them. You blocked everything else out of your mind other than getting your parents back. You’ve never given yourself time to think about anything else. Anyone would have done the same thing. You said the demon never mentioned your brothers maybe they don’t know about them. Could your brothers be spending time with relatives or friends?” 

Wiping tears from my eyes I said, “Maybe, they use to go skiing with friends. Do you think there could be a chance of that?” 

“Yeah I do. We need to find out if there with friends. If they're not, then we will find them, I promise you that.” 

Dominick had put his hands on my knees while he had been talking to me. I put my hands over top of his. He always seems to have a way of making me believe everything is going to be ok. “Thanks for helping me.” I don’t know what else to say to him. He is putting his life on the line to help me and all I can do is say thank you. It takes us a couple of hours, before we find out that my brothers had indeed gone skiing with their friends, their safe. With that worry off of me, I’m ready to get back to work. 

I blink us to the address the demon had given me the night before. It’s another abandoned ware house. “What’s the deal with demons and freaking warehouses?" I say out loud. Seeing Dominick looking at me, I wave my hand at him. “Forget it, I’m thinking out loud.” He smiles then asked if I was ready. “Let’s get going, we need to find out everything we can before tomorrow”. By the time we return to my parents’ house six hours had gone by. We found my parents. There in really bad shape, from what I could tell but they are alive. 

Dominick had to stop me from going in after them then and there. He finally convinced me if I went in there now I would get my parents killed and myself right along with them. So with our plan made all we can do is wait. 
Sitting on the couch, I pick up the TV remote and hit the power button and flip through the channels stopping when I come to an old episode of happy days. I can feel Dominick’s eyes on me. “What?” I asked not looking at him.

“Isn’t Happy Days a little before your time?” I hear laughter in his voice. 
"Yeah so what’s your point Dom?” 

He laughs “You know I've about had it with the Dom thing.”

“It's hard to believe you don't have more friends Dom with you being so nice and all.” I start laughing at the look on his face. 

“That's it, I’ve had it with you and your cocky behavior” he replies with a smirk on his face then he grabs me before I can move. He starts tickling me. That is the one thing I can't handle. I’m way too ticklish. I start screaming and fall across his legs yelling “stop Dom!” that just makes him laugh and tickle me more. I scream and laugh as I struggle to get away. Somehow, I end up in the floor with him on top of me. “Please stop I can't take anymore I scream. You win I swear I'll never call you Dom again.” He stops at my words. Catching my breath, I gaze up at him smiling.

“Don't stop Lana” he says. He must have seen confusion in my face because he starts explaining. 

"Don't stop calling me Dom the way you act around me. Like I'm as good as you are. That’s something I've never experienced before around anybody. When I'm with you, I feel whole. You make me laugh, want to play. You make me want to be better.” 

That really takes me by surprise. How in the hell can someone like him that is faultless in every way possibly think so lowly of themselves?  



Chapter 19

I know I shouldn’t be doing this. It’s wrong on so many levels but for the life of me, I can’t stop. Dominick bent his head closer to mine then hesitated wanting to see what I will do. Reaching up I wrap my arms around his neck. His hair is like silk. I do what I have wanted to do since the first moment I laid eyes on him. I untie the leather strap holding his hair back his black main falling forward covering his face. Pushing his hair back with my hands I say, “You’re so beautiful.” 
 Taking a hand full of his hair in my hands, I pull him down to me and whisper “Kiss me Dom.” His lips meet mine. His kiss is so demanding as if he is trying to brand my lips. Pulling his hair tighter I open my mouth, wider and he deepens the kiss. Letting his hair fall it surrounds both our faces.  I can smell the shampoo that he used today. His scent is intoxicating.  As my fingers glide down his sculptured shoulders, his muscle's flex with my touch. He rolls on his side taking me with him never breaking the kiss.

His hands are rubbing all over my body. I hear a moan but for the life of me, I can't tell if it’s coming from me or him. His fingers find their way under my shirt. Touching my belly after what feels like ages. He brake’s the kiss and puts his forehead against mine breathing hard. “Fuck Lana I want you so damn bad” he growls. 
Dominick isn’t like Case, he knows what he is doing and how to do it.  Without a word, I rise up and pull my shirt over my head throwing it to the side and lay back down. Dominick looks at me. Placing his fingers on my stomach, he runs them over my bare skin his hair covering his face, I lift my hand and push it back. The look in his eyes takes my breath away. 

“Lana you’re the most beautiful being I’ve ever seen. The first time I saw you, it made my heart skip a beat, and I wanted you”. 

“You are beautiful Dominick" I say pulling his head back to mine. When we kiss this time it’s as if we can’t get close enough to one another. Grabbing his shirt, I pull it up over his head. He uses one hand to remove it the rest of the way. Running my hands over his skin, I feel a trimmer rake through his body. He moves his head down and starts kissing my neck and going lower. When his lips touch one of my breast I thought I would die it felt so good I moaned his name. I felt his tongue lick down my belly as his huge hands unbuttoned my jeans before pulling them down my hips.
“I have to taste you” he growls in a deep voice right before he removes my thong and spreads my legs. I feel his lips kissing the inside of my legs before his tongue lands on my sweet spot. On the verge of exploding any second I hear sounds coming from me I’d never made before. Never had anything felt so good. 

Dominick is exploring my body. His mouth is on my clit his fingers enter me. He raises his face to me and says “You are so wet I can’t get enough of you. You’re perfect, better than what I could’ve ever imagined.”  Then his tongue is touching me right where I need it most, that’s all it takes and I come all over his face. I feel him sucking and his fingers working in and out of me. “Come on babe don’t hold back. Give into it.” My body is reacting to his touch. With my eyes closed my fingers tangle in his hair I scream in pleasure.  This has never happen to me before. Dom is the only man that has ever pleased me without me having to tell him what to do. While my body is still quaking he removes his pants and is on top of me and between my legs.  I reach down and wrap my fingers around him.  He looks me right in the eyes and I know what he needs. When I guide him to me he takes in a deep breath and asks if I’m sure this is what I want. I raise my hips up to him as my answer. That is all he needs and he enters me.  He then starts to move his hips. Slow at first so I can get used to his size. He gives me just enough time for my body to accept him. Then he increases his pace I feel more pleasure with each stride.  I want him with every part of my being. He is on his knees and his body is so beautiful.  He leans his head back and the sounds of sex escape him. I run my hands up his stomach and feel each muscle. I keep moving with him.  
I stop him and roll him over just to take his enormous muscle in my mouth.  I lick the underside of his massive cock before taking him in my mouth.  I take it in as far as I can. Feeling him touch the back of my throat that action alone almost sends me over the edge again. I come back up and make as many sounds as I can. I knew he loved it by the sounds he’s making. I pump him with one hand and keep him in my mouth. I feel him reaching for me. I let him pop out of my mouth as his hand pulls on my arm. “Come up here” He demands. I stop and mount his muscled frame. With my knees on the floor I take him once again inside of me. It takes me just a minute to accept him. Once I do I begin slowly moving up and down on him. 
 “You feel so good. You’re so tight.” He pants. 
 God I was going to come again and I wasn’t sure if my body could stand another orgasm like the one I had a few minutes ago. But I felt it coming and I wanted it more than I wanted my next breath “Dom I’m going to come again!” I scream. When my orgasm hits me I contract around him milking him causing him to go over the edge with me. He grunts as he releases inside me his hands spanning my hips grinding my body down on his. I fall forward too weak to hold myself up any longer. My goodness this man really is a Greek God. Only a god could make a woman’s body feel what mine just did. I lay on top of him trying to catch my breath as his huge arms circle around me pulling my body tight against his own. 

 We lay like this for a while. When our breathing returns to normal he tells me “I think I can stay with you like this forever.” 
“Yeah but we do have to eat sometimes you know.” I say in a soft voice as I kiss his neck.  

We drift off to sleep. I don’t know how long we were out but I wake to him rubbing my back. I’m still lying on top of him. “Are you hungry Princess?” 
“I’m starving”
Dominick sits up with me on top of him then he proceeds to stand with me still in his arms. When he lowers me to the floor I kiss him again. We embrace in a hug and kiss.   



Chapter 20

As we attempt getting dressed the regret hits me hard. Case is never going to forgive me for this. I know he loves me and would never mess things up like this. I don’t understand why I screw up everything I touch. I don’t deserve him.  
“Princess, are you ok? I can see it on your face you’re regretting what we did.”
“Huh, oh I’m sorry I was just lost in thought.”
“You see I knew it was too good to be true.  I knew a woman like you would never want me.”

I felt my resolve wavering. I’ve made a mess of everything. A serious look comes over his face. That’s when I realize that there really is a part of him that truly believes nobody wants him. 

How could it be possible that this incredibly sexy beautiful man could think nobody wants him? My heart hurts looking at him. “Dominick why can’t you believe what a great person you are?” That seemed to make him even sadder. I laid my hand against his face. He turns his face kissing the palm of my hand.

“There are things you don’t know Lana. Things I have to tell you even knowing after you hear them, you'll change your mind about me.” 

“Shh”...I said touching my fingers to his lips. “There's nothing you could ever tell me that would change what I know.” He kisses me and I wrap my arms around his neck. It doesn’t take long before we are out of control, and I forget about everything except Dominick's hands and the things they are doing to me. By the time we get dressed another hour has passed and Dom has left me weak, his stamina is unbelievable. The more I’m around him the more I want him I’m afraid this man can become my obsession. That terrifies me for more than one reason.

“Are you Hungry?” he asked, walking up behind me in the kitchen wrapping his arms around my waist. I lean against him. 
“Not anymore...I think I'll fix some coffee and sit out on the back deck”. Dominick bent down and kissed my cheek. 

“That sounds good you want me to fix it?” 

“I believe I can manage to fix a pot of coffee” I reply he gives my cheek another kiss before letting me go. I put the coffee on before getting us a couple of cups then opening the cabinet above the coffee maker I get the cream and sugar out. The coffee is done, by the time I finished getting everything together. I pour us both a cup adding cream and sugar in mine and asked him how he likes his. 

“Black” he said, coming up behind me he reaches over me, to pick up his cup. “Come on Princess the back deck awaits you.”

“Lead the way Dom." Walking outside the sun is shining. The heat hits my face and it feels amazing on my skin. Walking over I sit down in one of the reclining chairs, and Dominick sits in the one beside me. 

“Princess you make a mean cup of coffee” 

“Thanks Dom”, Smiling I take a sip from my cup. “You know I believe your right.” We both laugh a little.

“Are you ready for this evening?” 

Taking a deep breathe, I give a nod with my head “If anything goes wrong tonight you get Kristie and Raymond out of there.” 

“Nothing’s going to go wrong tonight Princess we will get your parents out and everything will go as planned. Between your powers and mine will send Satan back to Hell along with whatever sorry ass demons he’s brought with him.”

"Yeah sure we will. Who the hell dose Satan think he is? He should know he's about to get his ass kicked all the way back to Hell.” I said jokingly before taking another sip of my coffee.

“Dam straight” Dominick said smiling.

We sit back sipping our coffee things grow quite between us. I know he is giving me the quiet time I need, but at the same time he stayed close by. Drinking my coffee my thoughts turn to what laid ahead this evening. God I have to get Kristie and Raymond out of there. It’s my fault they’re there. If they had not been chosen to be my parents, this would not be happening to them. I decided to start calling them by their first name's the night before knowing I needed to break the bond I feel for them. The bond is one-way anyhow. It's not like they even know who the hell I am. I will make sure they are safe. I will wipe there minds of anything they know of demons or anything else they may have come in contact with. 

When I leave this time this part of my life will be over. That includes whatever this thing is that’s going on with Dominick. My life is in the Keepers' World. I'm a Princess and a Keeper. My parents are Harris and Summer Livingston the King and Queen of the Keepers' World. They love me. I know they do. We have gotten close over the last ten months it’s time I give our bond the chance to grow. 

My mind wondered to Case the one place I have been trying to keep it from going. The guilt hits me hard. What am I going to do? Case loves me. He would die for me. I know that without a doubt. It will break his heart if he ever finds out what I have done with Dominick. I have to make sure he never knows. Case never even looks at other girls. He tells me constantly how much he loves me. He shows it with his actions. We have been dating for nine months. We’ve never had sex, which is my fault not his. Every time, we come close I have stopped until lately but even with the things we have been doing we still have never went all the way and that’s my fault.  If the demons hadn't taken me from the club, the other night Case and I would have consummated our relationship. There'd been no way I would have backed out. I know that I am ready to sleep with him but look at what I’ve went and done now. But if my heart truly belongs to just Case I don’t understand how I could have had sex with Dominick so easy. Could this have been what Summer had been talking about? When she had told me Case seemed to have deeper feelings for me that I have for him. 

Dominick believes I’m this great person. I wonder what he'd think if he knew I had sex with him while dating Case for the last nine months. I bet he'd no longer think I'm such a great person. God this guy has feelings for me. I mean he doesn’t talk to me the way Case does or he isn’t in love with me or anything like that but I know he has to at least like me or he wouldn’t be here putting his own life on the line to help me. But maybe I’m wrong and he’s only doing that because my parents are the King and Queen of the Keepers World. They rule over everybody. So maybe he just wants on their good side. Sliding my eyes over to him I snort a little at how stupid of a thought that really is. Dominick doesn’t give a rat’s ass if anyone likes him or not. He will never try to kiss any ones ass or have sex with their daughter to get close to them. 
What Dominick and I have is pure hunger, wild, lust filled sex, and some kind of attraction to each other that’s like putting a match to oil. When we touch or even look at each other it’s like I can feel my skin burning. We haven’t spoken about what has been going on between us. Unlike Case, Dominick is cool with keeping his feelings to himself and I’m right with him on that one.  I really don’t know what I’m supposed to say to him. I don’t want to hurt him so at this point I’m waiting around trying to follow his lead. If he brings it up then I’ll tell him but he’s been around the block a few times. So maybe he’s just out for a good time while it last and when we say bye that will be it. He’s a good man and I will always remember what he is doing for me by helping me with the fight I’m fixing to go up against and God knows I’ll never forget the earth shattering sex. 

Case, on the other hand, is this big strong muscles’ everywhere gorgeous guy. However, it’s as if he doesn’t even know it. He is kind and cares about others. I can see it in him even though he tries to hide it. Case is my Angel and he needs me. He depends on me. He thinks I’m perfect and he loves me so much that it scares the shit out of me. I know that I’m not good enough for him and this past two days with Dominick goes a long way to prove that. But I don’t want him hurt and this would hurt him so I can never let him find out about what happened between me and Dominick. It will kill him and I will never let my Angel be hurt by something that my stupid selfish ass did. I will go back to Case when this is all done and I’ll put Dominick behind me right along with Kristie and Raymond Parker. When I leave here it will hurt me but I will do it for Case. 
The sound of Dominick’s deep voice brings out of my thoughts, I have been inside my own head for a while. I look over at him and asked “Sorry what did you say?”

“It's getting close to time are you ready to start getting everything together.” 
Looking up I see he is standing over me. My Greek God I thought. “Yeah let’s do this." Holding my hand out to him, he takes it and gives a light pull until I’m standing in front of him. I wrap my arms around his waist laying my head against his chest, and his arms go around me.

“You were in deep thoughts for a couple of hours over there I was getting a little worried about you. You having second thoughts about us now?” he asked laughing but I can tell this is a question he really wants an answer to.  

 He really believes what happened between us has so little meaning to me. Even though I know it can’t happen again. There is no way in hell I will regret sleeping with him. I hate myself because of what I did to Case. But I didn’t regret Dominick and never will. I decide to wait on the talk that I now know we are going to have until after we get my parents back. So I do what I do best I joke. 
“Sorry to disappoint you Dom but everybody's not always thinking about you.” I tell him smirking other than answering his question. 

“Lana before anything goes further between us. We have to talk. I have to tell you who I am. After that if you want to continue things between us we will figure something out.” Dominick said seriously not joking at all.

“We will talk after everything is over. I have something… I need to tell you too.” We share a kiss that for the life of me I try to make my body fight against the burn it feels running through it.  But it is no use this man sets me on fire and I can’t fight it, by the time the kiss ends I am shaking all over with lust, and my mind is cursing my body at the same time. When the kiss ends Dominick has one of the saddest look on his face I think I have ever seen. 
With my arms still around his neck I whisper “what’s wrong Dom?”
“Nothing baby, will talk later right now let’s go get your earth parents and kick the shit out of Lucifer’s ass” He lifts me up under my ass and kisses me again. Then sits me back on my feet, gives my behind a squeeze and whispers in my ear “I love your ass” then he takes my hand and leads me in the house. After that anything romantic or cozy or whatever you want to call it left.  Both of us getting into fight mode. We know what we have to do. But are we ready? God I hope so.   



Chapter 21

I blink us to the top of the hill overlooking the warehouse. It’s exactly one block away. That’s as far as I know for certain, my powers will reach. “Dominick when I blow up the front of that warehouse you gets Kristie and Raymond the hell out of there.” 

“Don’t worry about me Princess I’ll get in and back out faster than you can say Dom.” He replied flashing his sexy smile. Then poof he’s gone. 

 Shit he’s fast for someone of his size. “Game on” I tell myself. It doesn't take long before Dominick appears from the other side of the ware house. He gives a wave of his hand letting me know he is ready. Picturing the part of the warehouse I want to blow up. I watch it blow. That’s Dominick's sign to go in after my parents. Five minutes pass then ten minutes still I’ve heard nothing from him. Walking back and forth it doesn’t take long for me to tire of that. 
Dominick was supposed to return here and let me know he had them out, and they were safe. After another five minutes passes without a word from him, I know something is wrong. Blinking, myself to the ware house and looking in the window, I see my parents are still there, so much for never thinking of them as my parents again. 

This time they are awake. My dad has blood running down his face. My mom’s clothes are completely gone from her body. The pain I feel is almost unbearable. God only knows what they’ve suffered. "I swear to both of you after I get you out of here never again will anybody ever bother you.” I whisper knowing they can’t hear me but it is a promise I am determined to keep. Tears run down my face. I use the back of my hands to whip them away. I take a few deep breaths to calm myself. The tension is leaving my body. I know I am as ready as I'd ever be. There is no sign of Dominick and that scares me to death. This definitely isn't how things are supposed to work out. I blink myself inside the ware house. I take two steps, and three demons appeared in front of me. Throwing my hands out in front of me the demons go up in flames. Continuing to walk I enter a room that leads toward where my parents are being held. The room is full of demons. There has to be thirty to forty at least. All types of demons a lot of which I have never laid eyes on before. "Die" I said, and watch them all drop in front of me. 
Walking on I look to see if I can see Dominick. He is nowhere to be found. Stopping I stand still and let my mind wonder looking for him, I locate him in a room all the way on the other side of the warehouse. His hands are chained above his head and blood is everywhere, and Dominick’s head lays limp. Two demons are beating him and licking blood from the whips they are using. 
Sending Dominick a message with my mind, I let him know I am coming to just hold on. “No" he yells. At first I thought he was yelling at the demons as they beat him mercilessly. Then he yells again this time I know it was for me. 
“They've done something you can't manifest in or out.” 

If I couldn't blink me and Dominick out, then I’ll have to kill the demons, so we can walk out of the room. I manifest a bottle of salt knowing it burns demons. Then I manifested a knife. I blink myself outside the room Dominick is being held in. Hearing the moans he is making as the whip strike him. My anger grows tenfold. Kicking the door open I shout, “Hey shit heads I thought it was me, you wanted”? Both demons turn towards me. “Don't believe I've ever seen any of you guys before. What the hell kind of ugly things are you anyways?” 

“We’re Drones” they say together.  

Their skin is black as if they had been burnt to ash their eyes are on the side of their heads. Their heads are big and oblong their mouths appear almost fish like and too small for the size their heads. They stand a good seven or eight foot tall, in other words.  They are huge! “Bet you guys get picked on a lot in hell huh?” I smile at my witty comeback. “Which one of you wants to die first?”  

“Don't come in here Lana" Dominick demands in a weaken voice. One of the Drones yells for Dominick to shut up then draws his whip back striking him with it once again. “Guess your first to die” I say to the demon that just hit Dominick as I run in the room throwing salt at both demons. They howl in pain when the salt hits them. Taking the knife from the waist of my pants, I plunge it into the demon who had hit Dominick.  He screeches in pain as he brought his arm down and hits me. I stumble backwards, pulling the knife out of the demon with me as I go. Getting my balance back I run at the demon again aiming on plunging the knife deep into its body, but before I can the other demon comes up behind me and caught me around the neck. I head butt it hard enough that it let me go. Then I yell DIE! Nothing happened. I yell die again still nothing happens.

“They've done something Lana your powers won't work in here.” Dominick moaned.

“Good I haven't had the fun of kicking any demon ass without using my mind in a while. This is going to be fun,” Kicking the Drone in the gut it falls backwards. Before I kick it again the other Drone grabs me from behind. Throwing my head back, I hit it like I did the other one but this time it has no effect. Coming over my head with the knife, I feel it as it as sinks into the chest of the Demon. Pushing harder as I turn to face it, I bury the knife all way in its chest. I keep pushing the knife in with everything I’ve got in me. It starts stumbling backwards and its screeching is hurting my ears. However, I never let go of the knife. The demon hits the wall, and still I push the knife deeper. My hand starts ripping into its flesh as I continue pushing my hand through its chest I can fill the demons heart pumping against my fingers. Letting go of the knife, I wrap my fingers around the heart and start squeezing giving one hard tug, I ripe the heart out and watch the demon fall to the ground leaving me standing there holding its heart. I hold the heart up showing it to the other Drone. 
“Is this what it takes to kill you?” I yell and squeeze the heart in my hands and black blood runs between my fingers pouring onto the floor. I throw the heart on the ground when the other Drone comes charging at me. I already have my arm drawn back my hand made into a fist. “You ugly piece of shit go back to hell” I scream as my fist sinks into the Drone’s chest. Feeling the heart, I grab hold and jerk my hand back pulling the heart out. After the Drone falls to the floor, I drop the heart and go over to Dominick his head has fallen forward. When I call his name, he doesn’t answer me. 

It scares me. Gripping the chins that are holding him, I pull but nothing happens. I wrench on the chains for what feels like a lifetime before they finally gives way. 
“Dom we have to get out of here before more demons come" When he doesn’t reply I pull him to the door. Once we get back in the hall, it doesn’t take long before Dominick is standing, but still has to lean on me. “Dominick you need to leave you can't fight you're too weak.”

“Lana I'll be fine now that I’m out of that room it won't take long before I'm good as new.” 

“How do you think they are blocking certain rooms? We can use our powers in some rooms but not the others.” I reply.

“I don’t believe they're using anything. I think Lucifer’s doing it. He can't do the whole building, so he picks the smallest rooms.” 

“Makes sense, next question. How did they get you anyway?? 

“They pretended to be you. It sounded just like you. I thought they were beating you. I didn't think I just ran in."

“Are you feeling better now?”

“Don’t worry about me. I’m fine. We need to get your parents and get the hell out of here. Can you look into the room and see if any demons are inside there with your parents?” 
Pulling on my powers it doesn’t take me long to realize I can't get past the shield. “They have the room shielded to tight the only thing I know to do is go in ready to fight.” 

“I’ll go first." Dominick said already moving to open the door. When the door opens I see my parents are still the way they were the last time I saw them. Dominick walks straight toward my mom, but before he can do anything, a Necromancer steps up behind him and sticks a needle in his neck. Knowing he is going to be down for a while I begin to walk in the room to fight the demon. Poor Dominick’s having one bad day. He can’t catch a break.

“Don’t move” somebody said from behind me. Turning toward the voice, I see a tall handsome man. He appears to be in is early twenty’s. He smiles showing straight white teeth.

“Who are you?” I yelp.

“Lana, it’s really great to meet you. I’ve been waiting long time.”

“Ok so you know my name why don't you tell me yours? Then I’ll be caught up.” 
I already have the feeling I know who he is but I am buying myself some time while I try to figure out what I’m going to do now.

“I'm known by a lot of names but my real name is Lucifer.” He said smiling.

“You know I've always pictured you being a monster of some kind." It never donned on me that Satan would be a handsome man. Makes since though he is an Angel after all and they are all beautiful. I mean when you think about an Angel one of the first thoughts that comes to mind is beauty. The man standing before me has short blond hair. Brown eyes, he’s tall and lanky like a swimmer. He’s wearing a black suit that looks like it has been made for him. Guess they have tailors in hell. His tie is the only thing on him that isn't black. It’s red, fire-engine red. His voice is almost soothing in its tone. “Why is it, you look the way you do yet your demons look like they fell from an ugly tree and hit every limb on the fall down?" 

Lucifer chuckled “AWE” you have a sense of humor too. You know, you and I would get along beautifully together. I love a good joker.”

"Yeah whatever…what do you want from me”? I asked acting like I didn’t already know what he wants. I need to come up with an idea fast.

“I see you are the type of person that likes to get straight down to business…I like that"

“You don't know how well it does my heart to know I please you so much” I retort.

Lucifer laughs "Lana you’re a breath of fresh air and very beautiful as well, my minions never mentioned your beauty, but then again they believe themselves to be the beautiful ones. So therefore I can understand that particular mishap, Can’t you?” Lucifer smirks.

“Enough with the small talk, what do you want?”

“Ok fine business it is then, I want your powers its simple really. I regret you'll have to die for me to consume them, but life’s uh bitch you win some lose some.”

“If I agree to give myself up you'll let the Parkers, and Dominick go?” Turning my head towards them as I speak I see Dominick’s eyes open. He wasn’t down for as long as I imagined he would be. That’s uh plus for the both of us. His being awake just upped our odds of getting out of here.  A plan starts forming in my head. I give Dominick a wink letting him know everything is ok. I turn back to Lucifer.

“I give you my word as a gentleman they shall be released. They mean nothing to me. I’ve no need for them."

While Lucifer is yelping on, I use my mind on the demons that were fixing to enter the room where my parents and Dominick are. I may not be able to control them once they enter the room but I sure can use it on them before they get in there. It was hard blocking Lucifer from my mind.  He’s strong. I know I can’t kill him. I can feel his power pushing against mine for control. If he even thought I was fixing to try something he would kill me on the spot. However, I can kill his demons or minions as he likes to refer to them. Calling out to the Demons with my mind, I tell them to kill all the demons in the other rooms then kill themselves. When all hell brake’s loose in the room it doesn’t take long for Lucifer to catch on to what I am doing, before he can make a move, I sat fire to the whole room. Burning everything in sight Lucifer screams for his minions to get my parents and Dominick and take them underground. The demons don’t listen to him. They are still under my control, but I can feel that slipping away. Dominick managed to get my parents out while I distracted Lucifer. He went out the blacked out window in the room with them, or I’m guessing he had. I didn’t really see how he had gotten them out, only that they were gone the last time I checked. Lucifer has been busy trying to regain control over the demons and hasn’t noticed yet. "Lucifer” I yell “it's too late I won!” 

“What...you believe you can kill me little girl? I’m immortal!” 

"I don’t need to kill you I got what I came here for. That’s all I wanted. But I may as well do all the damage I can as long as I’m here.” I yell out setting him on fire. Then I blink myself out blowing the warehouse up as I go. I can hear Lucifer scream but it’s not the sounds of pain you hear in his voice. Instead they are instilled with anger at being duped. I materialize back in the house I grew up in leaving his shrieks behind. 






Chapter 22

 Dominick is sitting in the living room floor with my parents when I get there. “What’s wrong with them?” I question staring at my parents. They’re unconscious and both have been beaten badly, their eyes are swollen shut and my mom’s clothes are gone. Dominick has covered her body with a blanket. He has a rag wiping my dad’s face. Picking up the extra rag, I wet it from the bowl of water that is sitting on the floor and wipe my mom’s face. They never move I can feel myself starting to get sick. 
What if they are dying, they are humans not Keepers they weren’t supposed to be kidnapped by Lucifer and held prisoner and beaten by demons. With my mom’s clothes gone, I worry about what else has been done to her other than just being beaten. Using my mind, I try to talk with them but I get nothing. Then I try to get them to open their eyes still nothing. I’ve finally found something I can’t do. Something my powers won’t help me with. “God what do we do?” I demand I notice Dominick doesn’t speak. He continues searching my dad’s face with worry.

“What happened at the warehouse?” he finally asked after minutes pass.

I blew the place up and killed the demons. Lucifer went back to Hell I think. Really, I'm not sure about him.  I left. I can tell you this much, he is really pissed off. He was screaming I heard that much. I'm sure he'll need time to lick his wounds before we see him again.”
“Yeah you’re right. It’ll be awhile before he shows his face again.” He states as he wets the wash cloth again and places it on my dad’s forehead.  
“We’re going to have to do something about my parents. There’s no way they can stay here where he can get them again. I'm sure I can do the same thing with them that Harris did with me. It's going to be harder because I'm going to have to send them somewhere else and change their names plus give them a whole new life. But I'll worry about all that later right now we just have to make sure they’re going to live. You have any idea as to what's wrong with them?”

“From what I can tell the demons have poisoned them. The way you were poisoned the first time we met. The only thing is their human, and I don't know if they can be helped the way you were. Your body is different from theirs. You have Angel blood in you, they don’t." Dominick watches me as the tears run down my face. 

“You believe they did more to my mom than just beat and poison her?” I asked even though I was afraid of what his answer would be.

“Yeah I do.”

The tears that had been falling turned into full blown crying. Sitting down on the couch, I take my mom’s unconscious body in my arms and hug her telling her how sorry I am. Knowing if it had not been for me, this never would have happened to them. Holding my mom I cry until I had nothing left in me. Anger starts building towards Harris and Summer. They should have protected them after I left. That anger died a fast death because I know there is no way Harris or Summer would have left them unprotected if they had known this would have happened. How were they supposed to know I would have turned into some kind of freak whom Lucifer himself would come up from Hell to retrieve. 

“Lana it's time you let the King and Queen know what’s going on. If anyone knows what to do for your parents, it will be them. Plus I’m sure their worried sick about you."

I know he is right. They are the only hope my mom and dad have. They can bring Sage here to help. Without a doubt if anything could be done to save my parents Sage can do it. “Your right it's time. I know Sage will know if there’s anything that can be done to save them.” Not waiting for Dominick to reply I let the vail lift knowing it wouldn't take long for Harris and Summer to materialize. 

Within seconds, they appear. Summer pulls me into her arms hugging me as Harris stands behind her with his arms wrapped around us both. My arms go around her needing comfort. They both hold me in a family hug for a long time before releasing me. Crying I tell them that my mom and dad need their help. While I am trying to explain what had happened I hear my name called turning around I see Case coming toward me, Harris and Summer standing on either side of me. When he reaches me he takes my face in his hands kisses me. There is so much emotion in the kiss. I can actually feel everything he has gone through for the past three days. He brake’s the kiss pulling me into his arms almost cutting off my breathing. He questions me on what had happened and at the same time he is telling me how scared he had been. How he thought I was gone forever. How he wanted to die. 

“I'm fine Case,” I tell him trying to break away. Lucky for me Lisa moves in saving me from having to push him away. "Do you mind letting us see her too?" Lisa speaks in a sarcastic voice. Case looks like he wants to push Lisa and Cain away. However, Harris doesn’t give him the chance. He puts his arm around Case, saying something to him. I never made out what because again, I was being hugged. This time it’s by Lisa and Cain, I hug them back and tell them I had missed them and I meant it. Lisa and Cain had become really good friends to me. 
When they move away Case rushes back to my side placing his arms around me. “Harris can you help them?  Lucifer had them, their hurt really bad I can't make them wake up.” As soon as the words leave my mouth, Harris calls for Sage and he appears in the living room with in seconds.

“They need our help Sage see what you can do. You'll have to check inside and see what has been done. Their human so you need to be careful their bodies are weak.” Harris conveys.

“Yes, your majesty” Sage turns to my parents and closes his eyes. 
“What is he doing?” I asked. 

“He's using his mind to look into their bodies to see what the demons have done to them” Harris said. 

I look at Harris and then I notice Dominick for the first time since everyone had gotten here. He stares me in the eyes and what I see in his, speaks volumes. He is hurt, by seeing Case kiss me, and his arms around me now. Yet another person I've hurt, breaking eye contact I turn my face away from his I know I will have to find time to try to explain things to him later but right now I need to worry about my parents. Summer eyes are shooting back and forth between Dominick and I she knows something is up. I have little doubt that she will confront me on it; it’s simply a matter of when it will happen.  

“The demons took me from the club they came up behind me and shot something in my neck that knocked me out. I yelled for Case but blacked out right after that. When I woke up later on I was in an old building. They gave me a paper and told me to be at the address on it in two days later at eight o'clock I think it was. They said, they had Raymond and Kristie, and if I didn't show up they would be killed. I took the address broke loose and killed them. When I walked outside I met up with Dominick, and he helped me. We came here I put up a veil so you guys couldn't find me, there was no way I was going to take the chance of losing you guys I also knew you would try to stop me from going after them. So Dominick stayed with me. He made up a plan, and we spent the last two days making sure it would work.” I was tired of talking by the time I was done telling everybody the story. Everyone turns to Dominick for the first time. He stands there not saying a word I know he’s hurt, and it is my fault. 
Harris walks over to him and holds his hand out. Dominick takes his hand and Harris thanks him for helping me and keeping me safe. Dominick gives a node with his head without saying a word.
 “Dominick there will never be a way for me to repay you for what you did for us. My daughter is stubborn and worries more about others than she does her own self. I am forever in your debt. We will give Sage a minute then after he tells us about Raymond and Kristie we will all sit down together so I can hear the whole story.” Harris replied

“You young lady” Harris said glaring at me leaving no doubt as to whom he is referring to. “If you ever do anything this crazy again I swear you'll never leave the Keepers' World again. We are all Keepers and we could have helped you. Instead, we have been worried sick and roaming the world looking for any clue to where you may have been taken.” The sight of Sage’s eyes opening and the sadness showing in them cuts off Harris’s words.

“What did you find?” I begged.

“Princess, the man has been poisoned. His body is weak, but I can heal him. It will be hard, but I can do it. The woman she has been poisoned as well but her insides are torn apart. The demons did things to her” He hesitates before going on…”I’m not sure can be fixed. Her brain shut down closing everything out. It’s impossible to say if I’ll ever be able to reach where she has gone. The things they did to her body, it was more than her mind could deal with. I'll do all I can you have my word on that. Right now we need to get them in bed. It will make it easier on them. Your Majesty could you call in maybe three more Sage's that way we can work in shifts.” Three other sages appeared as soon as Harris made the request. Our Sage told them what was wrong and what they were going to do. My mom and dad were blinked to their bed. The Sages walk down the hall and enter my parent’s bedroom. 

"Let’s go to the kitchen where we can all sit down. I'm positive I'm going to need coffee while I listen to what all’s gone on here in the last three days." Harris states as he leads the way to the kitchen. Walking by Dominick, I feel almost feel the coldness he is throwing my way. I want to tell him I’m sorry that I care about him that my feelings for him are real. That I should have told him about Case, but I couldn’t. 

Dominick repeats the same story I had told minutes ago except he adds in the details I missed. The only time I speak is to relay what happened with Lucifer after Dom had left with my mom and dad. I laid my head on Summer’s shoulder disheartened at the thought that Kristy and Raymond might still end up dying. I’m also sickened with myself for what I’ve done to Dominick and Case. I’m a fool. The only thing I can hope for is that Case never finds out what I’ve done. He’s not only my boyfriend he’s also my best friend. The idea of him never speaking to me again is unbearable. But I deserve no less than his hate. Peeking towards him now I see he’s sitting next to Harris listening intently to every word being said. He must feel my eyes on him because he glances over my way sends me a small smile and a wink then returns his attention right back to Harris. Dominick of course sees him and in turn sends a hard glare my way. I shoot my eyes away from his glare knowing there’s nothing I can do or say too make the situation better.

Summer is playing with my hair her fingers massaging my scape I close my eyes and listen. Everyone is talking but I can no longer make out what they are saying. My eyelids are heavy and I keep drifting in and out on their conversation as sleep is quickly overtaking me. 

“Come on baby girl you need to rest.”  

Yawning, I sit up looking around I see everyone has left the kitchen. Harris and Summer walk me down the hall to the guest room which use to be my bedroom when this was my home. Harris pulls the blankets back on the bed for me he then covers me up and kisses me on my forehead like I’m a small child. He whispers in my ear that he loves me and for the first time I tell him that I love him too then I hug his neck. Summer bends down and I hug her telling her I love her as well. She hugs me tighter as she tells me the same before placing a kiss on my cheek and standing back up. They tell me to get some sleep and not to worry they will stay in the room with Raymond or Kristie.

Pulling the cover’s tighter around me I let my tears flow freely for the first time all day.  Thinking about my mom and what had happened to her. What if Sage can’t help her? What can we do to keep them safe from the demons and Lucifer? There are so many questions that can’t be answered. Dominick's face comes back to my mind and how he looked at me. He believes I used him. I saw it in his eyes. He acted as if he hadn't fit in around Case, Lisa, or Cain. On the other hand, they had treated him different, not mean exactly. More like he wasn't there. Harris and Summer however, treated him only with respect and care. It didn’t take me long to realize that the three of them have known each other for a long time. I could also tell that Dominick has the upmost respect for the two of them. Harris went out of his way to make Dominick comfortable and Summer was kind and motherly towards him.

 My bedroom door opens. I know who it was without looking; I close my eyes and pretend to be sleeping. The bed gives from weight of being sat on. Arms go around me as the rest of the body settles against my back. I make sure to keep my breathing even and remain still as not to give myself away. He starts speaking in a whispered tone to me. Lying there listening as Case tells me how much he loves me. How he had thought he had lost me forever. That he'd looked for me day and night and that he had been a real ass hole to everybody at home. He grew quite at one point and I thought he had fallen asleep. But then he speaks again. The words leaving his mouth made me feel sick and scared at the same time knowing that he is telling the truth. Chills run through my body, and I roll over to face him. 

“Don't you ever say that again…ever"

Case's hand moves up to the side of my face. “I’m sorry I thought you were sleeping, or I never would have told you that.”  He said a sad look on his face.

“Case you have to swear to me, you'd never do anything to yourself not over me.  I'm not worth it."

“Lana you're my life. Without you I have a nothing. You've been my life since we were kids, and I would come here with Harris and Summer to watch you.  Even back then I loved you and couldn't wait for you to turn eighteen so we could meet. When you got older and started looking at guys…like I told you before that about killed me. When I actually met you and touched you, I knew we had been made for one another. When I thought you were gone and not coming back.  My life lost purpose if I hadn't found you, or if I'd found out you were dead there would have been no way. I can’t live without you.”

“Case can't you understand living is exactly what you should do. I can't have the responsibility of your life on me. Worrying about you and thinking if anything happened to me, you'd take your life. That’s too much I can't live that way surly you understand what I’m saying.  I refuse to let you do that to me or yourself.”  

“Your right I shouldn't have told you that. You shouldn't worry about me. I’ll tell you what I'll make a deal with you.  If you never don’t ever do something as stupid as going off on your own to fight Satan by yourself, again then I swear you won't ever hear something as stupid as me saying I was going to try to kill myself come out of my mouth again. Does that sound good to you?”

I want to tell him I hadn't been alone that Dominick had been with me. However, I’m not ready to say Dominick's name in front of Case. “Yeah, it does” I said knowing it didn't make me feel better in the slightest. Rolling over on my other side my back against his chest Case wraps his arms around me and pulls me tight against his body. I try to clear my mind from everything going on so I can get some sleep I know everything will start over again tomorrow. It takes me a long time but I finally do find sleep.  Case, on the other hand, fell asleep rather quickly. He probably hadn't slept since I'd been gone. “What have I done?”  My mind keeps repeating repeatedly? 
That's the last thing I remember thinking before sleep overcame me. When I wake up the room is dark, moving Case's arm slowly as not to wake him I slide out of bed. Tiptoeing to the door, I open it and step into the hall closing the door behind me. I walk to my parent's room and go in. All the Sages have their eyes closed, and I know they are using their minds trying to help my parents. Summer is sitting in a chair in the corner. Seeing me, she jumps up and crosses the room to greet me.
 “How are they doing?” I asked.

“It's too early to tell the sages have been working nonstop.” “How are you doing? 

“I’m feeling better just worried about them.” 

“The sages won't give up until they heal them. Come on” Summer said putting her hand on my shoulder “let's you, and I go to the kitchen and find you something to eat."

Nodding my head, I turn and walk out the door with Summer behind me. I notice Lisa and Cain sleeping on the couch. “Where are Harris and Dominick?"

“They’re outside walking around making sure we don't have any unexpected visitors."

Without another word, I walk into the kitchen. There is food sitting on the counter I guess at some point Doug must have prepared and delivered it. 

“Douglass sent food down."

“AWE” I said smiling, “I thought maybe you had cooked.”

“You will never see me cooking. Anything I cook would kill you” Summer said laughing while she picks up a couple of plates handing one to me. We take the lids off the food, and see Doug had prepared a salad with grilled chicken. Lifting another lid, I see the Texas toast I love so much. With our plates made we walk to the table and sit down. We eat in silence for a while before I said, “I’m sorry for worrying you. I thought I was doing the right thing. I've lost so much in the last ten months I couldn’t take the chance of anything happening to you. I also couldn’t let my parents die because they had been the ones chosen to raise me.”

“Honey I'm sorry about Raymond and Kristie if we had ever thought anyone would come after them, we never would have left them unprotected.”

“I know that. It's not your fault. How could you guys have known I'd end up being such a freak and the devil would come out of Hell and hold them hostage, so he could get to me? I mean I don't believe this kind of stuff happens to people every day”.”

“There’s my girls” Harris said as he and Dominick enter the kitchen. 
“Dominick let’s get a couple of plates and eat, we don’t have to worry about anyone breaking in here for while thanks to my daughter.” 

The way he says it you can hear the pride in his voice. They fix their plates and sit down at the table. Harris asked how Raymond and Kristie were doing, and Summer tells him the same thing she had told me earlier. I look over at Dominick.  He has his head bent over his plate eating without looking up. I have to talk to him.  I don’t know what to say, but I guess I will think of something. It doesn’t take long for me to get sleepy again my body is so tired I know it’s due to all the stress I've been going through. Harris stands and tells us he is going to check how things are going with my parents, and Dominick jumps up from the table saying he will go with him. After they left the kitchen Summer stares at me.

“Would you like to talk about what’s going on between you and Dominick?”

"Yeah I would, but not right now I'm tired and would like to go lie back down.”  I stand up and put my plate in the sink.

“Okay we’ll talk later.” 

“Thanks” I said giving her a kiss on the cheek and start to leave the kitchen.

“Lana is Case in your bed?” 

Turning back around I answered honestly. “Yes, he is.”

“Do you think that’s a good idea?” 

“I don’t know what’s good anymore Summer, but it's not like we're having sex.” Without waiting to hear what she is going to say I walk out of the kitchen and go back to the bedroom and crawl into bed next to Case. His arm automatically goes around me.  He kisses the top of my head and tells me he loves me without ever really waking up. I fall back to sleep feeling safe with his arms around me. 
 




CHAPTER 23

Three days go by before but my dad finally opens his eyes a couple of times. He mumbled a few words both times. Nothing that made any sense but at least he’s making progress. My mom on the other hand is still the same. Sage has assured us she is starting to heal. Everybody has taken up residents at the house. Doug delivers food to us three times a day. Dominick makes sure he stirs clear of me. He wanted to leave but Harris spoke with him, and he changed his mind. Harris will never know how grateful I am to him for doing that. Summer hasn’t questioned anything more about Case or Dominick. Of course Case still treats me as he always has and Harris has doubled the runes on the house. So we don’t have to worry about any unsuspecting visitors any time soon, and Lisa and Cain patrol nightly. 

They were getting ready to go out for the night when Summer tells Case he needs to go with them. He didn't want to go, but she convinced him. It will do him good to get out for a while. I believe Summer knows I need the break from his constant overprotectiveness as well, and she’s right I do. After taking a shower and getting dressed, I dry my hair, and go to the living room. Standing by the window is Dominick I start to turn around and run back to my bedroom to afraid to face him now that I can. I realize that makes me sound like a chicken and in this case I am. He turns towards me but doesn’t speak then he turns back to the window. I drop my head and just stand there staring at the floor. I jump when he finally speaks in a cold voice.

“Your boyfriend let you out of his sight?” 

Here, it goes.  I thought knowing he has every right to be angry with me. "Yeah I guess he did.”

He turns and walks up to me. Staring down at me, he asked, “Was I a game to you?  Was I somebody to play with?  To fuck while Case wasn't around?” 
The hurt and anger in his voice makes me take a step back. He takes a step forward not letting me have any space.

“Dominick you have it all wrong. What I felt for you, I mean what I do feel for you is real. I wanted to sleep with you. I wanted it more than I've ever wanted anything. I've wanted you from the first time I saw you.” 

“Really is that so? You could have fooled me Case gets here and runs up kissing you. I didn’t see you pushing him away, and his hands are always all over you, still you don’t push him away. Here's the best part though, he's in your bed every fucking night, not me and I don’t see you fucking kicking him the hell out either!” 

“Dominick I'm sorry, I know how it looks. I swear it's not like that. Yes, I'm in a relationship with Case and I have been for the last ten months. We've never had sex I swear. I know I shouldn't have slept with you, but I couldn’t stop myself. I'm as drawn to you as you are to me. Yes, he's been in my bed but nothing’s happened. I would never disrespect you by doing that here.” I see some of the anger leave his face. Staring at me he touches my cheek looking like he has lost his best friend. My heart hurts for all the pain, I am causing him. I know he will never trust me again. 

“Princess I’m the one that’s sorry. I have no right being mad at you. I was crazy to think we could ever be together. You’re a Keeper I’m not. The whole thing was a mistake. I should have stopped before things went too far, but I couldn't I wanted you and that next morning when we made love I wanted you more than I did the first time, but still I had no right to do it. You didn’t tell me about Case but, there’s things I haven’t told you either you don’t even know what I am.”

“Dominick it doesn’t matter to me what you are. It’s who you are that’s important, and you’re a good man. I'm the bad one in all this not you. Don’t try to put the blame on yourself.” His hand is still touching my face when we hear Case’s voice. 

“What the hell’s going on?” Case demands stepping up he grabs Dominick’s arm jerking it away from my face. Dominick hit him before I could stop it. Case is right back on him. I yell for them to stop, they are beating each other to death. Blood is flying everywhere and things are being broken their cursing each other as they throw punches. I scream for them to stop again telling them I will use my powers on them both. They fall on my parent's coffee table breaking it.  Neither one of them paying any attention to what I had said.  Harris, and Summer come running in the room. “What the hell's going on in here” Harris booms as he pulls Dominick off Case. Case jumps up and runs straight for Dominick. 
Dominick jerks away from Harris and runs right back at Case. Harris grabs Case this time thinking he can hold him easier. Harris yells “what’s wrong with you two? Don't we have enough problems without you two acting like children?" Case is still struggling against him trying to get back to Dominick. Dominick, on the other hand, has stopped. He stands there whipping blood from his face.

“You son-of-bitch keep your fucking hands-off of her, or I'll kill you. You hear me, you fucking vampire!” Case yells.

“Case shut up now! Dominick is a friend.  He would never hurt Lana. He's done nothing but help us.  I don't know what you thought you saw son but whatever the hell it was your wrong!” Harris booms.

Dominick drops his head and walks out the door. He never looks at me or anyone else. I don’t know what to think. Had Case really called Dominick a vampire? Was Dominick a vampire? I turn to Summer, and she can tell I didn’t know. 

“You didn’t know?” She asked me.

“No I didn't know, he never told me.” Summer looks at me with sad eyes as she speaks. 

“Come on lets you and I go have a talk. Taking my hand, she leads me down the hall to my bedroom. Summer tells Harris to keep an eye on Case. I notice her gives him a hard look like she is upset with him about something. As soon as the bedroom door closes I asked, “How can Dominick be a vampire. I know he hasn't had blood the whole time he's been here." 

“Lana Dominick's different from other vampires he was born for one not made.  Plus he’s not really a vampire other than having one for a mother.” 

 God almighty my head is already in circles then Summer goes and says Dominick’s not really a vampire but that his mother was a one. Case called him a vampire but then again Case is jealous. I thought I would start asking questions and build up to whatever it is Summer is talking about or whatever it is she thinks she talking about.  
“I didn't know a vampire could be born.  I thought they had to be made?” 

“Yes there are vampires born all the time that’s not what makes Dominick different. 

“What makes him different then?”

“Dominick was born from a vampire and an Angel. That is what makes him different.” 

“What” I said taken back, “how could that happen? I mean Angles are so snotty.”

“Yes your right Angles are snotty. Summer said “but this Angel named Malden fell in love with this beautiful young girl named Gabriela. He loved her even though he could never let her see him. One night while Gabriela walked home from work she was attacked by vampires. They turned her, and Malden had to watch as it happened. He couldn't do anything to stop what was taking place. By the time he called, and Keepers had gotten there it was too late for Gabriela. The Keepers killed the vampires, and Malden kept watch over Gabriela for years grieving for her and the pain she was in. One night Malden appeared to Gabriela told her who he was, and that he would help her, he also told her he loved her. Gabriela and Malden began a relationship. 

She had Dominick a year later, and the Angel blood overruled the vampire blood. Malden loved him.  He was a great farther. The only problem was Gabriela was a vampire, and Malden was an Angel and that’s against everything the Angels’ believe in so, when the Angel council got word of Gabriela and Malden's relationship, they stripped him of being an Angel, and he lived out the rest of his days as a human with Gabriela. By the time he died, Dominick was grown. Gabriela missed Malden so much that two years later she took her on life. Leaving Dominick alone and I mean truly alone. The vampires didn't want him neither did the Angels he was shunned by all of them. He doesn’t have to have blood to live he eats food just like you, and I do. He is no more of a vampire than you and I are. However, He’s stronger than most and he has some amazing abilities, matter of fact he actually reminds me of you in some ways. He’s a good kid without a world, I guess you'd say.” 

“That has to be one of the saddest stories I've ever heard the Angels’ are wrong he should be a Keeper after all he is part Angel” I tell her angry.

“I believe your right so does Harris but the council does not agree and they have the final word, and like you said there snooty. Lana as much as I like Dominick you need to know the two of you can’t happen. You’re the princess of the Keeper’s World. If the angels ever found out you were in love with him or anyone other than another Keeper for that matter well…let’s just say there would be repercussions."

“Who said anything about me being in love with him? I don’t love Dominick."

“Lana honey you're forgetting who you’re talking to. I can see your love for him even if you can't.” 

“You’re wrong Summer. I don’t love Dominick. I do have feelings for him, but I love Case.” I had to know so I asked her “is Dominick in love me?” 

“Does it matter whether he does or not?  It makes no difference it won’t change anything?” 

“I know that but I'd still like to know.”

“Yes he loves you and for Dominick that means a lot. He stopped loving or caring for anyone else a long time ago when his parents left him alone. He fights for good I've often wondered why he does it with the way he has been treated. The only reason I've ever come up with is his parents raised him to fight for what is right. Harris and I have always tried to be there for him. Harris visits him a lot. Until you, I've never seen him open up to anyone.” 

My heart is breaking. What had I done? How in the world can I make this right? No wonder Dominick keeps himself cut off from people. It’s like everyone holds it against him for what he is and they don't care about who he is. He has been hurt by everyone. Now I’m included on that list. 
“Hey Summer one more question what did you mean when you said Dominick’s not a vampire? I mean he has to at least be half vampire if his Mom was a vampire right?”
“No Dominick should be at least half vampire because of his mom. But I guess because of his dad being an Angel his blood over ruled the vampire blood. So Dominick has no vampire in him at all. He is a pure Keeper. But the Angels are too proud to do the right thing by him. They won’t accept him and their disregard for him has made him belittle his own worth.” 
“Can you find something for Case to do?  I need to talk to Dominick without having to worry about Case starting another fight with him.” 


“I think your father and I can find a lot of things to keep Case busy. Besides I need to have a talk with my husband." 

I didn't even want to know what all that was about. I saw the look Summer had given Harris earlier and whatever is going on between the two of them I’m staying out of. I'd hate to be in his shoes though so it’s better him than me. We walk out of the bedroom and back to the living room. Harris is sitting on the couch. Case is nowhere in sight. 

“I sent superman back to the Keepers' World to do some work for me” Harris said as he notices us searching for Case.

“That’s good I believe in the future we are going to be finding a lot of work for him to be doing. Do you understand me?” Summer says sending a hard stare Harris’s way. .

“If you'll excuse me, I'm going to see if I can find Dominick and see if he’s alright."

“Why don't you go do that" Summer said never taking her eyes off of her husband.

“Okay…yeah…I’ll see you guys later” I stutter, shooting my eyes between the two of them. As I turn towards the door I call out. “Harris I don't know what you did, but I hope you get out of the dog house soon” I send him a patronizing smirk over my shoulder before the door closes. He fires a wink off back my way showing me he’s not the least bit concerned. That man is way too arrogant for his own good. But he knows what he’s doing I’ll give him that. He will send a few “honey babies” her way, along with his signature smile that always gets him his way and have her eating out of his hands in no time at all. I wish I had that ability about right now.  

I finally located Dominick in the park siting on a bench alone and I blink myself to where he is. “How are you doing? Did you get hurt?” I question wanting to touch him more than anything but knowing I shouldn't.


“I'm fine being a vampire I heal fast.”

“Really” I said not knowing how I should reply to his sarcasm, so I decide to ignore it.

"Yeah it’s one of the perks.”

“I spoke with Summer, she told me about your parents. You’re not a vampire Dom, but even if you were so what? You’d still be you and I happen to believe the person you are is pretty damn great. You stood by me, you fought by my side, you helped me. I wasn’t alone through this shit storm because you. You don’t know how much that means to me. You are an amazing guy.” I said with as much passion behind my words as I could put behind them.  

“Why aren’t you mad at me Princess? I should have told you what I was before we slept together. You had the right to know what you were sleeping with.”

“I didn’t have sex with a “what” Dominick, I had sex with you. I wish you could see yourself through my eyes. When I look at you I see someone who is loyal to a fault, brave beyond reason and has a heart bigger than the heavens. That’s the person I slept with, that’s the person I see in front of me right now. You’re a good man Dom, stop letting the stupidity of others make you feel less than that. They are the ones unworthy of you not the other way around. You have been wronged by everyone your whole life just because you don’t fit into what they deem acceptable. Well screw them, I say. There’re the ones missing out not you. I need you to know that I’m sorry if I’ve made you feel like your unworthy because its right the opposite in fact, it’s me that’s unworthy of you. I’m sorry for not telling you about Case. I was going to, I swear, but then everything happened and he showed up before I got the chance. Then after words I didn’t know what I was supposed to say to you so I took the coward’s way out by saying nothing.” I hold eye contact with him the whole time I’m pouring my heart out hoping he can hear the truth in my voice.  
“You don’t owe me an apology Princess. Fuck…You telling me you’re sorry is the last damn thing I want to hear.” He says scrubbing his hands up and down his face in aggravation before standing up. “I’m beyond pissed right now. I’m pissed with you, I’m pissed at myself, I’m pissed at the Angels because it’s their fucking fault I can’t have the the only thing in this god forsaken world I’ve ever wanted. But most of all…I’m pissed that Case has the right to touch you, to hold you, to love you. He has the right to call you his. A right I’ll never have. A right I’d do anything to hold.” 
We stand there facing one another neither of us knowing what more we can say. I hold complete understanding of what he meant. He knows him and I can never have any type of relationship because I’m a keeper and he’s not. The laws I am governed by states we can’t be together. “I’m sorry” is what I eventually say. 
“It’s not you your fault Princess. It’s the way this fucked up world works. You get used to it after a while.” 
“I’m not really sure how I’m supposed to respond to that statement. I wish I could tell you you’re wrong and that’s not how the world works, but I can’t say that. We both know you’re right. Things between us never had a chance. We were doomed from the start. I believe we both knew it would come to this. But at the time we chose to ignore it. I want you to know I’ll always care about you and I’ll never forget the time we spent together. I’ll never regret what we did together.” Why do I feel like my heart is splitting in half with each word I’m saying?  
Dominick takes both my hands in his and intertwines our fingers together. He stares down at me and I can’t help but wonder if he sees the same reflection of sadness in my eyes that I’m seeing in his.  

“Your right, we got dealt a shitty hand in this deal and there’s nothing we can do about it. I’ve always known we could never be together there's no way the Angels’ would let that happen. I'd like us to be friends or try to be at least. I doubt Case will be too happy about our friendship though.” 

“Let me worry about Case, all I need to know is that I'll never lose you completely. We will make the friends thing work”

I'll always be there for you Princess and if something ever changes, and I'm made a Keeper I will come for you. I'll fight for you tooth and nail.” Lowering his head, his lips whisper over mine and linger for a moment. 



Chapter 24

Two weeks flew by, and Summer has kept her word. Case has been so busy that the only time I see him is when he slips into my bed at night. He always pulls me into his arms whispers to me how much he loves me and that he misses me, then he will kiss me, but he’s never tried to do anything more. We always fall asleep together and when I wake up, in the mornings he is already be gone. Case makes me feel loved and safe and the guilt I feel for cheating on him is killing me. I have to make sure he never finds out about Dominick. 

My mom and dad are almost completely recovered well physically anyway. My brothers made it back home, and as soon as they walked through the door they had been put to sleep right along with my parents. Sage is still working with the emotional ramifications of what my mother had gone through. My dad is back one hundred percent. However it’s taking longer to heal my mom’s mind because of the trauma she had experienced. 

Harris told me that both their minds have to be completely healed before we can take away their memories, if not it won’t work right, and their memories could come crashing back at any time. So, my poor brothers have to be made to stay asleep, until we can wipe all their memories and replace them with new ones. I’m sitting on the back deck drinking coffee, when I hear someone come up behind me. 

“You know you’re never going to sleep if you don't give that coffee a break. I swear it’s got to where that’s all I ever see you with. Do you ever eat anymore?”

“Are you coming out here to sit or just annoy the hell out of me Dom?” I ask’ jokingly.

“I like to annoy the hell out of you Princess it’s become one of my favorite things to do." He said laughing. 

“Smart Ass” I say, grinning. 

Dominick sits down across from me. We got to spend a couple of hours together before he left to go help Harris with something. I’m having a really hard time with this friendship thing we have going on.  Every time I look at him I want to kiss him and feel his arms around me. Of course these feelings make my guilt worse. In one way, I wish Dominick would just leave so I didn’t have to see him every day but then the thought of not seeing him scares the hell out of me. 

The thought of losing Case makes me feel the same way. How can I feel this way about two guys at the same time? My life use to be so easy I’d go to school hang out with my friends then go shopping. That life is almost a blur to me now. I feel as if I’ve lost control of everything. 

Two days later Sage tells us that my mom’s mind is healed, but she needs to be kept asleep until her memories have been completely wiped clean and new memories put in their place. He said that if she wakes before that happens she could lose her mind all over again. The memories of what had been done to her by the demons are too much for anyone to be able to cope with. It kills me to think of what my mom has suffered. It’s like I hurt everybody I come into contact with. I need to wear a big sign around my neck that reads, “If you don’t want your life messed up or to be hurt, then stay away from me.” I’m relieved that Sage was able to save my parents, and I know that after we have them settled someplace with new names and with a new life, I will be cutting all ties with them. I will stay as far away from them as I can. I owe them that for everything they have done for me in my life. Never again will anything be able to trace them back to me. 

Crying and feeling sorry for myself, I went to bed early that night. Lying in bed I cried for the family I had lost, for hurting Dominick and for betraying Case. I must have fallen asleep at some point because I wake up when I feel Case’s arms go around me. Rolling over I buried my face in his chest and start crying again. He holds me and lets me cry until I fall back off to sleep in his arms. 

When I wake the next morning, I’m still in his arms. He is sleeping so I take the opportunity to watch him. He’s so handsome with his blonde hair and straight nose. He looks peaceful lying there. He has been my rock through everything I have gone through for the last ten months never leaving my side. I don’t deserve his love.  He is too good for me. I touch his face running my fingers across his beautifully tanned cheek. He opens his eyes and smiles up at me. I love watching him smile it makes him look like a little boy. 

“Good Morning, are you feeling better?” 

“All better, guess I was having a pity party last night.”

“You have every right to be upset. You’ve gone through a lot in the last few weeks. I’m just sorry I haven’t been able to be here for you the whole time. Summer has had me doing so much stupid stuff. If I didn’t know better I'd think she was trying to keep me away from you.

I winced at his words knowing he had no idea just how true they were. I asked him how he had managed to be here this morning. He has been leaving on some different type of business before the crack of dawn every morning. 

“I told Harris I needed a break and wanted to spend some time with the most beautiful girl in the world. He told me to go for it that he thought you needed me right now.” 

“I’ll always need you.” I said kissing his cheek then his lips. When I start to pull away Case rolls me on my back then crawls on top of me. Threading his fingers in my hair he lets go of my lips, lifting his head and stares down at me.

“You take my breath away you’re so beautiful. Your hair drives me crazy I love it when it hangs down all wild like this. I can’t keep from touching it. Even the color a mix of brown and red is spectacular just like you.” He is rubbing my hair between his fingers looking at it like it like its gold. 

“I want you to know I’m sorry for jumping to conclusions that day with Dominick. When I saw him touching you, I thought he was trying to hit on you. I know he is your friend and I respect that. The only thing is I know he has feelings for you.  I will do my best to refrain from kicking his ass. I love you and I don’t want to push you away.  I will not be the type of person that tells you who you can be friends with.  I trust you completely.” 

Looking up at him I feel like one of the worse people alive. Here, he is apologizing to me when it was me that should be begging for his forgiveness. Lifting my hand, I rub the side of his face and tell him he has nothing to be sorry for. I pull his lips down to mine kissing him deeply trying to erase everything from my mind but him. I want to make everything better I want to change everything I had done. I want to make Case happy. I pull his shirt up running my fingers up and down his back feeling his muscles tense every place I touch. Lifting his head, he looks me in the eyes asking permission without words. Pulling his head back to mine I whisper “Don’t stop." Case’s lips take mine hard. His hands and lips are everywhere. He tells me how much he loves me, and how long he has waited for me. Our clothes are disappearing fast when someone knocks at the door. Groaning and saying a few choice words Case raises his head from my neck making sure we are both covered he yells “what” towards the door. It’s Cain’s voice that we hear from the other side. 

"You guys are needed downstairs now."
Case rolls onto his back breathing hard. “I’m beginning to believe something is conspiring against us." Laughing I crawl on top of him and kiss him again. He pushes me away “You have to stop or I may never walk again.” 
“My poor baby” I said laughing when he smacks me on the butt. I roll off of him and my feet hit the floor. “Come on we'd better get down there before we get in trouble, and you get sent back off for another job.” 



Chapter 25

Case and I walk in the living room together. He is a still a little upset about us being interrupted, but I assured him I’d make it up to him. The first thing I notice is the look on Dominick’s face at seeing me and Case holding hands. He is just going to have to get used to it. I decided this morning that what had happened between me and him had only happened because I had been so upset over my parents.  Also thinking we were going to die. He had been there and had helped me when I thought nobody could. My emotions had gotten the best of me. It wasn’t his fault either I know that, and I hate it is hurting him, to see me with Case but that isn’t going to change, so if he wants to be my friend, he is going to have to get used to it. I am no longer going to push Case away just to save Dominick’s feelings from getting hurt. Breaking eye contact with him, I look at Harris and asked, “What’s up.” 

“It’s time. Kristie and Raymond are ready to be moved. We will be doing it tonight I thought you might want some time alone with them to say good bye. 

“Thank you Harris” I said feeling my heart break all over again. I knew this day had been coming, but at the same time I liked knowing that my parents were just down the hall from me even though they weren’t awake and didn’t know me. That didn’t matter because I know who they are and could walk into their bedroom and see them and hold their hands and tell them I love them. Case gives my hand a squeeze letting me know he understands how hard this is on me. I look up into his eyes and see the love he has for me shining through them. Standing on my tiptoes, I kiss his lips before turning around and heading to my parent's bedroom. I didn’t look to see how Dominick reacted, to the affection I had shown Case but I heard the front door open and slam, so I figured I got my answer. 

I spent the next three hours with my parents crying and telling them good-bye and how much I am going to miss them, and that I would always love them. Then I went to my brother's rooms and cried some more before finally kissing them both on the cheeks and telling them I love them. 

The rest of the day had been spent deciding on names and occupation and where they will live. By the time all that had been decided it was getting late so I went to see my parents and brothers again for the last time. Walking onto the back deck I ask Cain we’re everyone has gone. 

 Summer and Harris took Case and went to scope out the new house the Parkers are going to be living in and Lisa went back to the Keepers’ World saying she had something to do, and I haven’t seen Dominick since he walked out the door this morning.” He replies.  

“Well, while everyone is gone, I think I’m going to go take a hot shower.” I said and ruffled his hair on my way back in the house. I heard him griping, saying something about people always doing that to him. I laugh as the sliding door shuts. 

While alone in my bedroom, I wonder were Dominick could have gone then I thought about the park, and before I have time to chicken out, I blink myself there. I search the whole park looking for him and when I was just about to give up, I see him blink in and sit down on the same bench where he had been sitting the last time I found him here. 

As I start walking toward him, it donned on me that I had just seen him blink himself here. I didn’t know he could blink I had always blinked us every place we had gone. When I am close enough for him to hear me, I said, “I didn’t know you blinked?” He didn’t answer, so I asked, “Why did you always let me blink us everywhere we went if you could have done it yourself.” He still didn’t answer me, but he did have a guilty look come across his face. I stare down at the Greek God before me waiting for him to say something. When he stands up and turns my way I have to remind myself to breathe. He is that beautiful but there is so much pain in his eyes. Pain I had put there along with everyone else he had ever met.

“I didn’t tell you because I didn’t want you to know. Do you have any more questions Princess?” 
I could hear the anger in his voice. I had expected it, but it still hurts me. “Yeah, I have a couple actually. Like why are you so mad at me? I thought we both agreed that what happened between us had been a mistake, and we were going to be friends.”

“Why am I mad at you? My God Lana a couple of weeks ago you and I slept together in case you have forgotten. Then your boyfriend shows up a boyfriend you forgot to mention I might add. He’s always all over you. Which I have tried to ignore, because he’s clueless about what happened between us, but this morning when you both walked into the living room holding hands, and then you reached up and kissed him, I couldn’t take it anymore. Yes, I agreed to be your friend but, not because I thought what happened between us was a mistake, but because I know that we could never be together because the Angels’ would never let it happen.  You would be the one held responsible if they ever found out about what we did.”

I listen as Dominick yells his words at me. Not knowing how to answer him, I went on the defense. “Look I’m sorry you’re hurt. If I could go back and change things, I would, but I can’t so you’re going to have to deal with it. We don’t have a relationship, and we never can. I made a mess of everything I know that. I feel bad about it but breaking up with Case won’t change that. I have to move on, and Case is who I’m moving on with I’m sorry.” I start walking away, but Dominick grabs me by the arm and turns me back around to face him.

“Tell me one thing do you care about me?”

“Dominick why are you doing this, you’re only hurting us both by asking!” I cried.

“Just tell me.” he demanded in a hushed voice.

“YES” I scream “I care about you, is that what you want to hear? I care about you a lot more than I should, but it doesn’t change anything we can’t be together, and I’m still with Case.” I felt tears running down my face. He lets go of my arm putting his hands on either side of my face using his thumps to wipe my tears away. 

“That’s exactly what I wanted to hear and you’re wrong it does matter Lana. I needed to know that I matter to you.” I stood there looking up at Dominick as he lowered his head and placed a feather-light kiss on my lips. Lifting his head, he tells me he is leaving, but he will see me again. As he blinked out I heard him say, “The only reason I didn’t tell you I blinked was because I liked touching you.”
 


CHAPTER 26

My parents along with my brothers were blinked to what is going to be their new home in the Florida Keys. I am pleasantly surprised by the house. Everything we came up with had evidently changed. I thought we were moving them into nice middle-class residents my mom would work in a bank, and my dad would be an accountant. Imagine my surprise when we arrived at a house that looks like something out of the magazine of life styles of the rich and famous. When I asked Harris and Summer about it, they told me they had talked about it and decided Raymond and Kristie had suffered enough because of them, and this was their way of saying thank you.

Their new names are Terri and Dennis Wardlaw, and my brothers are Kenny and Jessie Wardlaw. They will now be retired millionaires with all their money made from the stock market. I hug Harris and Summer both thanking them for what they have done. Then I take a look around the house. It is beautiful, and I know that they will all be happy here. 

I also know that I know longer belonged with them. I will always care about them, but my life is in the Keepers' World with my birth parents, Case, Cain and Lisa. They are my family now, and I have grown to love them as much as they love me. It’s strange ten months ago I was torn away from my family and wanted to die and hated the people that gave birth to me but, somewhere and somehow along the way things changed, and now I can’t imagine not being a Keeper or having Harris and Summer in my life. I am proud to be able to say Summer and Harris are my parents, and I’m also proud to be a Keeper. Walking back to the family room I tell everyone “let’s do this.” 

“Would you like to do it or should I?” Harris asked. 

“Think I’ll let you do it. I don’t want to mess anything up.” I answer. 

Smiling Harris said, “Honey, I have all the faith in the world in you, I know you wouldn’t make a mistake, after all you're my daughter and you’re just like me.” 

Summer rolls her eyes and looks from me to Harris laughing before saying, “Even when you’re giving your daughter a compliment you still manage to stroke your own ego.” Shaking her head she walks over to me and puts her arm around me. She said “do it already would you handsome” then she winked at him. I stood there with Summer’s arm around me and Case holding my hand and watch Harris create a new life for my old family. 






Chapter 27

A month has passed since we returned to the Keepers' world Kristie and Raymond, and my brothers have settled into their new life. Raymond plays golf almost daily while Kristie is shopping and has joined a country club. My brothers are living the high life and skiing all the time. I’m really happy for them. My life has calmed down. I patrol nightly have killed a few demons and have even met a few werewolf’s and one fairy. The werewolf’s are pretty cool unlike what you see on TV. They can change forms anytime they choose. All though they do say they are stronger during a full moon. Fairies, on the other hand, are a hand full, they have their own world they live in, but they like it on Earth better and although they don’t kill people as far as I know they do like to wreak havoc whenever they can. 
I haven't seen much of Case since we’ve been back home. He and Harris had left on business with the Angle’s Council, but he blinks' in every chance he gets to tell me he loves me. We still haven’t made love. But we have done lots of other things that Case is now a huge fan of and wants to do all the time. I've been working on a plan to make sure him and I will finally be able to get away together so we can have some much needed alone time. I reserved us a suite in Italy for two days I already asked Lisa and Cain if they would take our portals for those nights, and they assured me they would and didn't mind doing it. 

The only thing I haven’t done is tell Harris and Summer, and I’m not going to. They will never know anyways. It’s not like we see them every day they're always gone on some kind of business. When they are home, they know we are out every night patrolling. Case and Harris will be home sometime today, and we will leave tonight. The one thing I wish I could do is get Dominick out of my head. I haven't seen nor heard from him since we saw each other in the park.  I wonder how he is doing and where he is. I wonder if he thinks about me, or if he hates me. Every time, I start thinking about the night we made love I stop myself and turn my thoughts about Case. The only time I can’t control my thoughts is when I’m sleeping. That’s when I dream about making love with Dominick. I wish there was a way to stop the dreams but so far I haven’t found one. Today has been a lazy one I’ve spent it reading, painting my toe nails and doing a whole lot of nothing while waiting for Case to get home.

“Hey" Lisa said coming in my room and plopping down on the bed.

“Hey” I said back.

“What are you doing?” 

“Nothing really just lying here being lazy.”

“Yeah right you’re laying here thinking about Case and how you’re going to get your grove thing on.” she said laughing.

“Shut up” I tell her laughing. 

“Come on he won’t be home for a few more hours let’s go shopping and see if we can find you something sexy to wear tonight that will have him begging.”

Laughing I said, “Sure why not” I jump up and start getting ready to go. Within thirty minutes, we were down stairs fixing to blink out when Harris and Case blink in. 

“Shit I guess this shopping trip is off” Lisa said throwing daggers at Case’s smiling face. He walks up to me and kisses my lips then asked, “What shopping trip?” 

“The one we were fixing to go on before you popped in.” Lisa replied. 

Searching my eyes he says “You can still go if you want to. I don’t want to interrupt your plans.” 

Wrapping my arms around his neck, I said, "plans change.” I see relief cross his face. Before I have the chance to kiss him again Harris said, “excuse me Case, but I’d like to say hello to my daughter too." I laugh at the embarrassment that crosses Case’s handsome face before he steps aside. Harris wraps his arms around. I hug him back and asked him how his trip went. He tells me it was the same-old thing nothing interesting. He let go of me and said hello to Lisa then excused himself saying he is going to take a shower and find his beautiful wife. Case has me wrapped in his arms and is kissing me again before Harris even made it to the door. 

“Would you two get a room to do that shit in please? You’re about to make me puke” Lisa said. 

Case acted as if he didn’t hear her and continues kissing me. When he stops he pulls me into a hug and laid his chin on top of my head. Then tells Lisa she can always leave the room. Lisa tells him he can always go back from where he had just come from. They bickered back and forth with each other until I tell them enough already. I swear they are just like brother and sister. They love each other and would kill to keep one another safe, but they couldn’t get along with each other for anything. 

“You’re going to take his side after the way he just talked to me? I thought I was your best friend.” Lisa said.

“I’m not taking sides I’m just tired of hearing you two fussing” I replied back by this time Case had sat down on the couch and had pulled me down onto his lap.  His arms around my waist my head is against his chest I see Case stick his tongue out at Lisa, and I elbow him in the chest playfully then laugh at his wounded expression. “You’re just as bad as she is. I’m going to leave you two alone together if you both don’t stop" I said laughing and loving that my life has finally started coming together. I’m still laughing when Cain walks in the room. 

“Did you guys hear the news?”  Cain asked

“I don’t guess we did. What is it?” Case asked as he kissed my neck. 

“Dominick petitioned the Angel council again to become a Keeper and Summer helped him. When the council heard how he helped fight Lucifer and save the Parkers plus kept Lana safe they agreed to give him a chance. He’s going to be moving in here with us and start training.”



CHAPTER 28

God I’m so tired of demon blood ruining my clothes. I mean I love shopping with the best of them, but come on, enough is enough! I’m standing in front of my mirror regarding my blood-stained leather top. You would imagine the demons would have heard by now, I’ve been purified. Purification is something I was supposed to have had done when I had been born. But due to my birth parents hiding me with humans, it didn’t happen. 

Last month the Angels came up with a way to do my purification. I had to have a blood transfusion from an Angel. I hate needles, but I was left with no choice. I’m glad it’s over and done with. I just wish the freaking demons would get clued in! Pulling off my clothes, I go to my huge bathroom with the seashell tub, and turn the water on so the tub can feel up, while I work on getting my hair out of its long braid. I swear sometimes I wish I had the nerve to cut all it all off. It would make my life so much easier. With the braid out, my hair hangs down to my hips. I run my fingers through the long, thick, brown, waves. Turning around I step into the tub. Submerging my body in the hot water, my muscles relaxing as the water, washes away the day’s worries.  



CHAPTER 29

The next morning I walk into the dining room and I’m about to sit down to breakfast when Case walks in. So instead of sitting I run over and throw myself into his open arms. “When did you get home, and why am I just now seeing you.” I demanded while placing kisses on his cheeks. He has been gone for the past month. Well I guess you could say more like two months. He came home last month but ended up having to leave again the same day. Which really messed up the plans I had made for us, but it wasn’t his fault he hated having to leave again, just as much as I hated seeing him go. 

The person responsible for Case being gone for the last month walks in the dining room. Dominick Pulaski the newest Keeper as of last month. He’s still as hot as he was the last time I saw him in the park two months ago. I pull my gaze away from his and turn my attention back to my boyfriend. I love Case, but no matter how hard I’ve tried I can’t stop the attraction I have to Dom. I feel lost every time I see him, tortured by the need I experience to touch him. I have no idea how to handle the desire I have for that man. I’ve done everything I know to do to stop it but nothing works. My body and heart betrays me every time he’s near. 

 "We have just now gotten back and you’re the first person I came looking for”. Case said kissing my lips. “Now come on let’s sit down and eat I’m starving to death.” 
Holding Case’s hand I walk with him to the table and sit down across from Dominick, and to my surprise the two of them start joking around with each other like old friends. “What is up with that?” I wonder. The last time I checked they wanted to kill each other. Now here they are sitting around laughing together.

After hour of listing to the stories they had to tell about their month away training at the Angel’s council on the outer realm Dominick excuses himself-saying he needed to go shower. As soon as he leaves the room I asked Case “when did the two of you become best friends?” 

“You get to know a person when you’re stuck with them. We were training and having to share a room for the last month. It was hard at first. We argued continuously and got into a couple of fights. We even had the Angel’s telling us they would strip our powers and make us live as humans if we didn't stop arguing with each other. After that we decided we needed to stop acting like asses and just get through the training then somehow over that next few weeks, things changed. Dominick’s cool I was wrong about him” Case replied. I was speechless. They had become friends. I didn’t know if that was a good thing or not. God how did my life get so messed up!

“Now come here Dominick’s gone, and I haven’t seen you in the last two months, and I’m dying to touch your lips.” Case says as he pulls me by the arm into his lap. Using his hands, he starts taking the clips out of my hair. When all the clips gone he threads his fingers through my hair as he talks. “God I’ve missed you. I’ve missed touching you, talking to you, kissing you.”
Using my hair, he pulls my lips to his and kisses me. I can feel the love he has for me in his kiss. I can almost taste it. I deepen the kiss letting him know I’m feeling everything he is. 



CHAPTER 30

A week later I’m walking to the gym we have in the house when I run into Dominick. I have managed to avoid him the whole week since him, and Case’s return. Living in a house bigger than fort knots helps too. I have the feeling he’s been doing the same thing. 

“Are you heading to the gym too?” I asked. 

“Thought I would get some workout time in” Dominick answered. 

“Yeah same here.”

Neither one of us speak again. We continue walking to the gym. I hate how awkward things have become between us.  But for the life of me, I don’t know how to fix it. Walking in the gym, I go straight to the treadmill put my ear buds in my ears and blast the music. I manage to run three miles, before looking up to see what he’s doing. He’s lifting free weights and my God, he has muscles bulging everywhere on his six foot seven body, he is wearing a black muscle shirt that fits him like a glove. Even his black sweat pants looks good on him. His black, blue hair is tied back as it always is. He truly is magnificent. Staring at him my mind goes back to the night we had sex and how I had touched all those muscles. How I had given myself to him without a second thought. My body grows hot just thinking about it. I might possibly be foaming at the mouth as I watch him.

He must have sense my eyes on him. He turns towards me our gazes lock in a heated stare. The heat consuming my body has nothing to do with the workout I’ve been doing. I can’t take my eyes off him. Still holding eye contact, he sets the weights back on the table and starts walking toward me. Goose bumps run up my arms. However, before he has time to reach me Case walks in the gym. Dominick stops in his tracks. Turns toward Case and asked, “Hey man what’s up?” I step off the treadmill knowing Case will believe my breathless state is due to my workout not because of Dominick. I watch as Case tells Dominick they have to go back to the Angels council for a couple of hours. It seems Dominick is going to have to have the same kind of transfusion I did. 

When Case reaches me he wraps his arms around my waist, and says, “there’s my girl” then he bends his head down and kisses my lips. When he lifts his head, he whispers in my ear how he loves to see me all sweaty. I laugh unable to help myself.  I know Dominick can hear every word he was saying. I also know he doesn’t like it. I see his body tense. His muscles tighten and anger shows on his face. It makes me feel guilty, like I’m betraying him when that’s not what I’m doing at all. It tortures me that I’m stuck in this position even though it’s of my own making. Either way this goes someone is going to end up getting hurt and right now that someone seems to be Dom.

They depart a few minutes later leaving me confused and frustrated. An hour later I’m lying on my bed after having a cold shower when Lisa, knocks on my door. She comes in and jumps on my bed next to me. In the last year she and I have become closer than ever. She always has that I’m sexy and I know it appearance. However, she has calmed on hair dye lately choosing to stick with a beautiful shade of red that goes beautifully with her tanned completion and blue eyes.  
“What’s going on?” She asked. 

"Just laying here, what about you?"

"Bored I want to do something, but I don't know what.”

That’s when it hits me. I need to get away. I need to leave, take some time to clear my head. Figure out how to stop these feelings I’m having for Dominick. “You know I’m bored too. What do you say about you and me going on a little vacation together?

"Yeah right like Case would ever just let us do something like that without him.”

"He can’t stop us if he can’t find us. I mean I’ll tell Summer where were going, so they wouldn’t be worried.” 

“What’s going on with you?” 

“Nothing is going on with me I just thought maybe you would like to do something together. I’ve always wanted to do the whole girl vacation thing. On TV, the girls have the time of their lives and besides. We need some time away from fighting demons. Now that Case and Dominick are back they can do it for a while." I hope I sound convincing I can’t tell her the real reason I need to get away. 

“I know something is bothering you but if you don't want to talk about it that’s cool. However, I'm here if you change your mind. Now with that said let's decide where we’re going!”

After forty-five minutes we decide to go Cape Cod. Neither of us has ever been there and it's a place we’ve both always wanted to go. You see pictures of it all the time, and of course. You see it in a lot of romance movies where the girl always runs off to Cape Cod to mend her broken heart. I left my bedroom and went in search of Summer. I found her in her garden with her flowers. She loves flowers, but she doesn’t have a green thumb, and everything always dies on her. She’ll just plant new ones and start all over again. I think it’s funny here she is the Queen and a World Keeper; she can kick ass with the best of them but let her have a flower, and she doesn’t know what to do. “Hey Summer, killing more innocent flowers?"

“Ha, ha…you think you’re funny.”

Laughing I said, “Yeah actually I do.”

“Well you’re not” Summer said laughing.

“Yes I am and you know it.” I state with a smirk on my face. 
Walking over I pick up a pot of daises Summer is about to plant. I know when I tell her, Lisa and I are going away for a couple of weeks she is going to start asking a lot of questions that I don’t want to answer. I may as well get it over with, if I want to be out of here before Case, and Dominick get back. “Lisa and I are fixing to leave and go to Cape Cod for a couple of weeks”. I tell her and watch as she stands up from we’re she’s digging and dusts her hands off on her jeans right before she asks me. 

“What made you decide this?”

“Lisa and I we're talking and thought it would be fun to have a girl’s vacation.”

“You’re going to leave with Case just getting back? Don’t you think he’s going to be a little upset?”

“I guess so, I mean, I really haven’t thought about that. I was excited about the idea of getting away.”

“Does this have anything to do with Dominick being here?”

“It has nothing to do with him”, I lied. “Why should it matter to me if he's here or not?”

“Alright come on its time you and I sit down and have a talk” she states. 
I follow her over to the table and chairs she loves to sit at and gaze upon her flowers and sit down. I so much don’t want to go into this with her. Summer knows something happened between me and Dominick matter fact she believes I’m in love with him. Just because she has the power to see into people’s souls doesn't mean she’s right all the time. I know I have strong feelings for Dominick, but I’m not in love with him. I mean I love Case, and I find it really hard to believe that a person can be in love with two people at the same time. 

“You know” Summer began; “we haven’t spoken anymore about what happened between you and Dominick a couple of months back when Raymond, and Kristie, we’re taken. I have been waiting for you to come and talk to me about it. However, I believe I may have made a mistake by doing so. Now I’m getting the feeling you’re running away from it.”

“I’m not running away; I'm going on vacation with a friend.”

“No I’m sure you're using going on a vacation with a friend as an excuse to run away from Case, and Dominick, because you don’t know what else to do.” 

I drop my head knowing everything she’s saying is true. I am running away, but I have to. I can’t take being around Dominick. I thought two months ago we said our goodbyes. Never in a million years did I consider the angel’s council would grant him permission to become a keeper. But they did with help from Summer. Now he’s here and I’m not prepared to deal with it. I had this outlandish idea that my life would return to normal. That Case and I would pick back up where we left off. I’m not sure that’s possible with Dominick here. It’s like I’m walking on pens and needles all the time. My life is once again turned upside. Studying Summer’s face I ask her the question I have been wondering about for the last couple of months. 
“Why did you help Dominick become a Keeper?”

“Ah…you had rather I left him the way he was, lost without a purpose, without acceptance never belonging anywhere?”

“Well yeah…. I mean no…I don’t know... I’m happy he has finally been able to become a Keeper. That should have happened a long time ago, the council did him wrong, but does he have to live here with us?” 

“We’re else could he live?” Summer asked. 

“Why not with the Angle council, there're a lot of Keepers who live there.”

“True, but there are also a lot of keepers there that feel Dominick shouldn’t be a Keeper.”

“I didn’t know that”, I said feeling guilty, after all it wasn’t his fault that I did what I did. 

“You know the more I’m talking with you; the more I'm thinking your right you do need to get away. Honey, listen to me. I wish I could say I know how you feel and what you’re going through, but I can’t. I don’t want to make things worse on you, but I want to give you something to think about. A couple of months ago I told you, you couldn’t have a relationship with Dominick because he wasn’t a Keeper. That’s changed now. Don’t get me wrong I love Case like he’s my own son, and I don’t want to see him hurt. However, he also deserves to be loved by you the same way he loves you, and if you can’t give him that you’re not being fair to him. Don’t you think he would be hurt right now if he knew you had feelings for another guy?” 

“I know your right…but don’t you think this is killing me? I can’t stand the thought of ever hurting him” I cried. 

“I know it’s killing you honey” Summer says as she places her arm around me pulling me into a hug. “You don’t deserve to be going through any of this, and I’m going to make sure it stops but, for now you go with Lisa and try to have some fun and don’t worry I’ll keep Case and Dominick from bothering you. Hopefully, by the time you get back, things will have worked them self out.”



CHAPTER 31

Relaxing on the beach with a glass of tea and the sun bearing down on me I thought I had died and gone to heaven. It is beautiful. The water is clear today and calm. The only sounds to be heard is the gentle waves coming in and sea gulls gossiping to each other.  Lisa and I have been here little over a week now. We spend our days lying in the sun and swimming in the ocean. In the evening, we go to the board walk to eat dinner.  At one of the little maw and paw restaurants then get ice cream and sit and watch the ships go by. The house Lisa manifested for us to stay in while we're here is incredible. It has three very large bedrooms. Furnished with antique furniture, the beds are all king size with tall post. The head on my bed board has engravings like I have never seen. It’s the prettiest color of cherry wood in the world. An area rug is in the middle of the floor. It has natural colors in it.  Green, tan, and whit squares about four inches in size. The pillows are big and fluffy. I sink in when I lay down. I love it and want to take it home with me.  The bath room in my room is huge.  The shower has glass walls.  The water comes out in two different shower heads.  It’s perfect. I can spend hours in there.  The tile walls and floors are marble. The floor is a dark brown color.  The walls are tan with red outlines.  
Lisa’s bed room is different from mine.  Of course hers is designed to fit her.  She has more flamboyant colors and designs. The guest room is more-plain in design.  The living room has big puffy couches and chairs.  It is decorated with both of our styles mixed together.  The big windows are great for the view. We can see the water from the ocean out every window.  It also lets the sunlight in. The hard wood floors look like they have never been walked on. The planks are different colors.  For the most part the color is cherry. Then she put some different types of wood with it. 

There is a large island in the middle of the kitchen. All of the appliances are all stainless. The cabinet doors are glass showing the contents of what is inside. The stove is gas and it’s the type that’s built to be used by gourmet chefs. (Like we would be using it since neither one of us can cook.) The walls are painted a beautiful yellow reminding me of springtime. There’s a covered porch that wraps all the way around the house. There is a porch swing with black cushions. The five rocking chairs have matching cushions. The house it’s self is gray and sits right on the beach. When I asked Lisa how she had come up with the concept for the house, she told me she had seen it in a magazine once, and thought how beautiful it had been, so she had replicated it in every detail.

Even though I’m no closer to deciding how to handle my attraction to Dominick, I am glad I don’t have to see him every day. The bad part is I may be happy, about not seeing him, but that also means I’m not getting to see Case at the same time, and I really miss him. Sitting up, I take a sip of my tea as Lisa comes out of the house and plops down in the lounge beside me. She is wearing a white two piece that looks great on her. It’s a bit more revealing than my two piece pink and white polka dotted bathing suit, but she has more up top than I do, so she can get by with wearing sexier things.

“So, when we were on the boardwalk last night, I heard some people talking about a place on down the road that has some of the best oysters around. You think you’re up for trying some tonight?” She asks as she applies sun tan lotion to her skin. 

“Yeah sure, that sounds great I’ve never eaten oysters before, but I’ll try anything once.”

“Great you’ll love them trust me.” She says laying back in her lounge. 

We talk for a while before we grow quiet and let the sun put us both in a sleepy haze. By the time we go back inside my skin has turned a rosy red which I know will tan easily, but I may still have to wear sunscreen tomorrow while I’m on the beach. After we shower and get dressed we blink ourselves to the oyster bar Lisa wanted to eat at.

Walking in the restaurant we have to wait to be seated. It doesn’t take long for the receptionist to show us to our table. Lisa orders two dozens of oysters and two beers. While we're waiting for the food, Lisa takes the time to explain to me the best way to eat oysters. I laugh at her as she holds a fork up and demonstrates everything she is saying. She always acts so much like a teacher. I really believe she missed her calling by being a Keeper.

I see a girl with black pants and white button up shirt coming with a tray. She’s young but she is handling her job very well. She is smiling and talking with the customers as she passes them heading to our table. Lisa sees her coming and gets excited telling me to get ready to eat the best thing I’ll ever eat in my life. The waitress arrives to our table with our oysters and beer. Lisa swears that beer is the only thing to drink with our meal. As I sit there staring down at the oysters sitting before me, I thought I understood why beer is the only drink to have with them.

Anybody would have to intoxicate their brains in order to eat them. Lisa notices the look I have on my face and starts laughing. She tells me to trust her and try one, and if I didn’t like it, I can always order something else. I pour the hot sauce onto one of the oysters and use my fork to pull it away from the shell I hold my head back and let it slide down my throat like Lisa had told me. I gagged and put my hand over my mouth hoping that was all I did. Lisa laughs at me again as she eats another.

I give Lisa, my oysters and order me a large cheese burger and fries, deciding that I would stick to foods I have to chew. We finish eating, and we’re sitting back talking about what we want to do with the rest of the evening when I notice a girl, about our age sitting alone at another table, she keeps watching us. She reminds me of my friend Liz or I should say the friend I use to have. Like Liz, this girl has blonde hair that is cut into a bob. She is short with just the right body build for her size. She has that really cute girl next door look going on. The girl stands up puts money on the table and gives us one last glance before walking out the door.

We spend the rest of the evening out on the boardwalk watching street performers before heading back to the beach house. We watch a little TV before deciding to go to bed. Lying in bed, I do the same thing I do every night I speculate on what Case is doing at this very moment and how upset he is with me for the way I left while he had been gone. Then I fall asleep and dream about Dominick. 


CHAPTER 32 

My sunburned skin turned into bronzed color overnight so, I didn’t have to worry with sun screen as I put on my bathing suit the next morning. I’ve managed to acquire a really great tan in the last week we’ve been here, and I can’t wait to get back out in the sun and add to it. Walking to the kitchen, I make myself a glass of tea and pick up an apple to go along with it and head outside.

Lisa is still in bed, which is unusual for her because she is always up before the crack of dawn and ready to go. She’s one of those morning people that everybody hates. I walk outside, and the sun feels great when it hits my body. I place my iced tea on the end table by my lounge, before taking off my robe and lying down. The hot ray’s from the sun is wonderful as it beats down on skin. I had been lying there for about an hour when I see someone, in the distance, walking toward me. As the person grows closer I recognize her.  It’s the girl from the restaurant the night before.

I sit up watching as she gets closer to me. She has on a pair of jean shorts and a pink tank top with sandals. When she is close enough I say, “Hello” and asked her if I could help her with something. I was shocked by the words that come out of her mouth. 

“You’re a Keeper aren’t you?”  I didn’t know what to say, how can she possibly know what a Keeper is, much less me being one?” 

“Who are you?" 

“My name is Rachel, Rachel King.”

“Well Rachel I’m sorry, but I don’t know what you’re talking about.”

“Please don’t play this game with me, I know who you are.”  

“Look I said I’m sorry, but I can’t help you.” I spun around and start to walk back toward the house. The girl grabs me by the arm before I can take my first step. 
"Wait please I need your help.” I study her face for a second, I can see terror in her eyes, and that’s what makes me tell her "Come on in the house.” I tell her. We walk in the living room, and I tell her to have a seat, that I’d be right back. I run up the stairs and knock on Lisa’s bedroom door. I open the door and notice she is really sick. Bless her heart.  

“What’s wrong with you?” I asked. 

“I think I’m dying; I'm chilling, and my stomach is killing me.” 

“Ugh….sounds like you got a virus.” 

“I don’t know what I’ve got, but whatever it is it’s going to be the death of me.”

“I’m sorry sweetie really I am but, right now we have a problem. I hate to bother you, but you need to come to the living room. There is a girl in there that knows we’re Keepers.” That had her sitting up in bed. 

“How could that be? Is she human?” She questioned. 

“Yeah’ she’s human.”

“What does she want?”

“I don’t know.  I left her in the living room, so I could come get you.”

“Alright I’ll get up, go ahead and go back down there with her and give me a couple of minutes.”

“I’m sorry I know you don’t feel like dealing with anything right now. I promise I’ll fix you some chicken soup to help settle your stomach after our new friend leaves.” She gives me a weak smile and says “I’m holding you to that promise.” I leave her and return back to the living room. Rachel is still sitting in the same spot I had left her. She peeps up when I step into the room. I offer her a glass of tea. She tells me yes and follows me into the kitchen. When we go back to the living room, Lisa is propped up on the couch with a blanket. She is pitiful looking sitting there my heart goes out to her. 

“You’re the reason my ass had to get up from my comfortable bed?” Lisa barks at the girl before adding. “I’m sick as hell and feel like I’m either going to puke or die any minute now so whatever you have to say it better be damn good I’ll tell you that.”

“I’m sorry you’re sick, and I wouldn’t be here if I knew what else to do” Rachel conveys scared to death. 

“So how do you know who we are” Lisa asked her while motioning for her to sit down.
Rachel walks pass Lisa and takes the seat at the other end of the couch. She takes a big drink of her tea before answering. 
“That’s hard to explain," she finally said. 

“Well why don’t you give it a shot anyway?” Lisa retorted right back.

Lisa and I sit and listen as Rachel explains to us how she has been doing simple spells for the past two years and that last month she had met a fairy named Link that told her he could help her expand her powers. Of course, Rachel said she jumped at the chance to be able to do bigger spells. Right now her spells consist of possibly making kids face’s break out with pimples if she was mad enough at them. What the girl hadn’t known was you can’t trust fairies. Somehow, the fairy tricked her and ended up taking her brother back to the fairy realm.

“Alright now we know what you’re here about. What we don’t know is. How do you know we're Keepers? And what do you want us to do?” I questioned.

“I have read about Keepers in Wicca books and on the internet. You guys are supposed to be a myth, but when I saw you in the restaurant I just knew who you, were. I could feel you. I don’t really know a better way to explain it to you. I need your help in opening the door to the fairy realm, so I can get my brother out, Everything I’ve read says a Keeper is the only other thing besides a fairy that can open the door.”


CHAPTER 33

I glance over at Lisa, and she is giving me the same knowing stare. Neither one of us can understand how this human girl is capable of knowing the things she does. Humans can’t sense Keepers or their not supposed to be able to anyways.

“Rachel I’m sorry about your brother. It’s true that a Keeper can enter the fairy realm, if they have the right incantation to open the door but, by what I’ve read the fairies are always changing the glamour to make sure that never happens. I don’t believe a Keeper or anything else has ever gotten in the fairy realm unless the fairies take them there.”

“I have the incantation” Rachel said as she pulls a piece of paper out of her pocket. “I hid behind a tree. The fairy didn’t know I was there. I wrote down every word he said, so unless they have changed the spell by now this will work. All I need you to do is open the door. I’ll take it from there.”

“Look there’s no way we can open a door and just let you walk through it.  It's not that simple. First off, even if it’s possible that incantation is still good, and we're able to open the door. A Keeper will have to go in with you in order to open the door for you to get back out. Secondly, we have no idea what the Fairy World is like. Thirdly, the fairies would change the incantation as soon as they spotted by you, leaving you or us if we decided to go with you without a way out?” I tell her hoping she understands. 

“Please help me…my brother is all I have. It's my fault he’s in this mess, and I have to get him out.” Rachel said tears running down her face.

“May I see the paper” I asked, holding my hand out? The girl stands up and walks over to me holding out the piece of paper, she has written the incantation on. I take the paper unfold it and start reading it to myself. I don’t want to take the chance of reading it out loud in case it still works. 

“This is said to the fairies to the east and to the west open thy door I seek, and I will give you parse.
This is said to the fairies to the north and to the south hold, thy door and let me pass. This is said to the fairies of our realm protect our door and our land.” 

I read the incantation a couple of times not believing such simple words could open a door to a whole different world. Gazing up at Lisa, and Rachel, I decide I will help her. “I’ll help you, but you’re going to have to give us a couple of days to work out a few plains and let Lisa have time to get feeling better.” 

“Thank you” Rachel said still crying.

After speaking with Rachel for a while, we found out that her, and her brother Adam lives in an apartment over one of the shops on the boardwalk. They had been in and out of foster homes their entire lives and had never met their parents. Then a couple of years ago they ran away and came here. Her brother managed to get a job on one of the ship yards, and Rachel works in a souvenir shop. She will be turning eighteen in a couple of months, and her brother will be turning nineteen the week after her birthday. They will be the same age for one week. I tell Rachel she can stay with us until we go to the Fairy Realm and bring her brother home. At some point Lisa fell asleep while Rachel and I talked. 

I went to the kitchen after helping my best friend back to bed. I blinked in all the ingredients needed to make homemade chicken noodle soup. Rachel follows me in the kitchen and tells me she needs to go back to her apartment to get a few things. I tell her to be careful and not to talk to anyone, and by that I meant fairies. Rachel left, and I continue preparing Lisa’s soup and wondering how this girl could have known Lisa, and I we’re Keepers. That should have been impossible. 


CHAPTER 34
Rachel has been with us at the house for the last two days. Lisa is starting to get over whatever it was she had thank God. Plus we found out it’s impossible to come up with any kind of plan when you have nothing to work with. So, our plan is to open the door and I’ll go in with Rachel while Lisa waits here with the incantation and after three hours, she will reopen the door, and hopefully we will be there with Rachel’s brother.

We haven’t come up with a plan B like what we will do if the fairies change the glamour while we’re still in the Fairy Realm, Or what if the fairies catch us and take us prisoner. Guess we’ll make plan B up as we go along. 

The good thing is I haven’t had much time on my hands to ponder about Case or Dominick. That is fine with me, because I’m not any closer to figuring out what I’m going to do about Dominick than I was when I first got here. Fixing a glass of tea I go to sit on the front porch and watch the sun go down. Tonight's the night. We're going to open the door to the Fairy World. Drinking the last of my tea, I go back in the house. Lisa said she is hungry, so we start fixing sandwiches when Rachel walks in the kitchen. 

“Are you hungry?” I asked. 

“I don’t think I could eat anything, even if I wanted to” She replied.

“You need to eat something. I’m not trying to scare you, but you never know what’s going to happen tonight. If we open the door and go through, we’re not guaranteed when or if we're going to get back out so you’re going to need all the strength you can get.” I give her a plate. She accepts and starts fixing a sandwich. We ate in silence for a while before Rachel asked what time we are going to be leaving.

“I say we get ready to do it, as soon as we’re done here. That is unless you guys want to wait a couple of hours” I reply.

“No I’m ready now” Rachel says.

“No time like the present” Lisa states.

We finish eating then we went to the living room and moved the furniture around making sure we have plenty of room. With the furniture out of the way I excuse myself and go to my bedroom to change clothes and get ready for our trip to the Fairy World. I put on my leather pants and leather sleeveless top. Looking at myself in the mirror, I braid my hair then clip its heavy mass on top of my head. When I am satisfied my hair won’t be coming back down I walk back to the living room while praying we are doing the right thing. Lisa and Rachel are in the living room waiting, when I walk in. Taking the incantation out of the pocket of my black leather hip huggers I unfold it and tell Lisa and Rachel “Let’s do this” as I step in the middle of the floor.

“Rachel you need to stand beside me. Lisa you stay over there away from where the door is going to open. We don’t need to take the chance of you getting pulled in as the door closes.” When Rachel is beside me, I look at them both and asked if they are ready for this. They both nod and I hold up the paper and began reading.

“This is said to the fairies to the east and too the west open thy door I seek, and I will give you parse.
This is said to the fairies to the north and to the south hold, thy door and let me pass.
This is said to the fairies of our realm protect our door and our land”. 

A bright light starts to appear. The light is so bright I have to hold my hand over my eyes to be able to see. The light grows, and grows, until it becomes a door the only problem is we can’t see what is on the other side. “Looks like we will be walking in blind,” I said to Rachel. I can tell she is afraid, but I know without a doubt she won’t turn back. Glancing at Lisa I tell her “see you in a couple of hours bitch." She tells me she’d be waiting and not to get caught. I give her a smile, and she flips me off I take Rachel by the hand, and we walk through the door.


CHAPTER 35

The light is so bright neither of us can see anything I tell Rachel not to let go of my hand for any reason and to keep moving forward. After maybe twenty seconds the light starts to lose some of its brightness then it’s gone all together. We’ve done it.  We’re in the Fairies' Realm.

It is eccentric to say the least. The flowers are gigantic, with some of the brightest colors I’ve ever seen. The rose bushes stand as tall as tress, and they have roses on them that are colored up like a rainbow. The grass is so green it doesn’t look real. The best way I have of explaining the Fairy Realm is that it reminds me of all the stories I’ve read and movies I’ve watched about wonderland from Alice and Wonderland. Everything is exaggerated it’s bizarre and beautiful at the same time. Summer would go crazy if she could see all these flowers. I believe she would have a hard time killing these plants. Glancing at Rachel I asked, “How are you doing?”

“I’m all right” she says as she inspects the surroundings. “Have you ever seen anything like this?” 

“No I can’t say as I have" I said as I continue studying everything and wondering how in the world I keep getting myself messed up in stuff like this. Because I’m getting the feeling as I gaze around me that this is going to turn out badly.

“Let’s use the woods over there for cover it’s not good for us to stay out in the open like this.  A fairy could spot us any second.” Rachel heads towards the woods without another word from me. We hike a little ways into the woods just deep enough that I’m sure we can’t be spotted from the clearing before I stop Rachel and tell her to let me see if I can find her brother, and that once I do I will blink us to him. When I try to use my mind to locate Adam, nothing happens it’s like there is a shield blocking me or something. So I try to blink myself back out to the clearing once again nothing happens.

“Rachel we may have a problem.”

“What did you find him? Is he alright?” 

“No I wasn’t able to find him, I can’t blink either it’s like something’s blocking my powers.”

“What” Rachel utters in a scared tone.

“I can’t use my powers their gone all of them” I tell her beginning to panic myself. How am I supposed to keep us safe here without any kind of powers? I’m still trying to decide what we need to do when I see movement out of the corner of my eye. Scanning the area, I see nothing. I begin to believe I had imagined seeing something when it moved again. It’s the tree branches, they are moving and not because of the wind either. It’s like the branches are arms or something. Out of nowhere a branch in the tree above us swoops down and knocks Rachel to the ground. Grabbing her hand, I pull her up and yell “RUN!” 

Branches are hitting us from the left and right. One of the limbs hits me so hard it almost knocks the breath out of me. Nevertheless, I continue running never letting go of Rachel’s hand, until we clear the woods and the tree line. Rachel is crying I twist around to make sure she is alright. Before I have the chance to ask if she is hurt, we are thrown to the ground. Our hands are being tied behind our backs. I try to break free, but without my powers, I’m a hundred and ten-pound weakling. We are pulled back to our feet hands tied behind us. Our attackers turn us around to face them.

Okay now I’ve seen everything. Our attackers can’t be more than three feet tall with wings like butterflies. Their faces appear childlike but when they speak you can tell they aren’t children. There are six of them but for the life of me, I can’t tell if they are male or female. They seem to be both. They're cute, but I have the feeling, they can be very cruel if given the opportunity.

All six let out some kind of victory yell as they hold up sticks. Three of the little people move behind us and start pushing us forward without speaking. I peek over at Rachel and see she is still crying. Whispering I tell her not to say anything, unless she has to. I try to convince her everything will be alright that I’ll get us out of here. I have no idea how I’m going to accomplish it, but I’ll think of something. I have to.

The little people speak in a different language. I realize as I listen to them talk with one another. I would give anything to know what they are saying. We have been walking for almost an hour when I see civilization. We are thrown to the ground in front of a house or a hut. I don’t really know which you’d call it. It’s like one of the straw hut’s you’d see the tribe people living in on the documentary channel.


CHAPTER 36

“Stand” a deep voice orders. We are pulled to a standing position and we are facing a fairy that I’m assuming must be the king fairy or head fairy or whatever the hell they call the guy in charge here. 

“Who are you and how did you get to our world?” The fairy demanded.

“My name is Lana Livingston, and this is Rachel King” I said motioning toward Rachel that still has her head down. “We are here because one of your fairies took her brother and brought him to your world, and we want him back.” 

“How did you get here?” 

“I had the incantation” I tell him. Not mentioning that Rachel had given it to me. I want to keep the attention off her as long as possible.

“Even if what you say is true, and you have the incantation, you’d have to be a fairy to open the door, and you’re not.”

“No I’m not a fairy. I'm a Keeper and a Keeper can open the door, as you already know. I said making sure my voice is strong and confident. When really I’m terrified my legs are shaking and I feel like I might pee my pants.

“Did you say your name was Lana Livingston?” 

“That’s right" I said beginning to believe maybe I should have lied about who I was. 

“You’re the Keeper Princess.”

He made it a statement not a question. Then he said something to the little people with the wings and our hands, we’re untied. I notice he speaks to them in their language whatever that is. “I’m sorry you were treated so harshly Princes but my friends here thought you were intruders out to harm us. Allow me to introduce myself, “I am Prince Osier of the Fairy Realm.” 

I accept his out stretched hand a bit surprised when he bends his head and kisses the top of my hand. I glance over at Rachel and see she still has her head down. 

“You are mesmerizing Princess. I have heard great talk of your beauty from others, but I must say their words did not do you justice.”

Pulling my hand back from his, I thank him. While studying his face I can’t help but noticing how young he is. He’s somewhere in his early twenties. He stands at least six-foot with a lanky build and short blonde hair that hangs down on his forehead. His bright green eyes shimmer with cruel intent, like all fairies do. They are a deceitful bunch, the whole lot of them, and they find great amusement at others expenses. I’m sure a lot of girls find him very handsome and are attracted to him. I’m not one of them. The Prince asks us to join him in his home for a cup of tea.

Rachel and I follow the Prince into his hut and freeze. What appeared to be a little straw hut from the outside is unbelievable inside. It’s huge with an Egyptian motif going on. Everything is red, blue and gold. The Prince sits down on a big red and gold-colored cushion and motion for us to sit in the ones across from him. When we sit down the Prince picks up a bell that is sitting on a table beside his huge cushion and rings it. It doesn’t take long for a little winged person to come in. The Prince orders our tea, or I guess he ordered tea. Considering I don’t speak whatever language they communicate in, I have no idea what he is really saying. He could be telling them to go put a couple of nooses in the living trees to hang us with for all I know.

The prince’s attention is back on me as soon as the little servant leaves the room. He informs us it will be a few minutes before our tea arrives. Although the words leaving his mouth are directed to both Rachel and I, his eyes are focused only on me. He ogles me for what feels like hours but in reality is only seconds. His eyes running up and down my body sends chills down my spine. Eventually his attention wavers from me and moves on to Rachel. He questions her about her brother, beginning with what his name is. Rachel glances up for the first time. All though she doesn’t make eye contact with him, she does however tell him her brother’s name is Adam. The Prince tells her he is sorry for any problems that one of his fairies may have caused. He assures her that he will make sure the fairy responsible will be reprimanded for his behavior. I notice he never mentions when we can see Adam or where he is at. I watch the tension leave her body as a smile crosses her face and her eyes rise up and connect with his. She believes every word he is telling her.

I can tell by her change in her demeanor she is buying into the line he’s feeding her hook line and sinker. He’s good, really good, and he has her convinced he is going to be her white knight and fix everything. When in reality I’m positive it’s going to be right the opposite. If I have learned anything in all my training I know Fairies are liars. The prince is up to something I just don’t know what it is yet. “So when can we see Adam? I asked.”

“I will make sure he is found and see to it myself that he is delivered to your lodging Princess.”

“Thank you that is very kind" I said, “but we are in no need of lodging if we could just get Adam, we will be on our way I’m sure my parents are worried about me.” I hope by adding the parts about my parents being worried, it will scare the prince up enough to let us go.

“Awe my Princess you wouldn’t break my heart would you?  By wanting to leave when we are just getting to know one another. Besides I’ve already informed the tree people to start preparing a party in your honor. It will take a few days to get everything together. Until then, I’m afraid I’ll have to insist you stay as my guest.” 

I understood exactly what the prince meant. We were being held against our will, and we can either do it, the easy way or the hard way. Deciding I like the easy way far better, I smile at the prince and said, "Thank you that’s very kind.” Glancing over at Rachel, I can tell she didn’t comprehend what the prince had said.  She is still staring at him like he is a God. The little person or the tree person as Prince Osier referred to them brings our tea out. The prince stands and hands us both a cup, before sitting back down. He takes a sip then nods to the tree person letting him know his services are no longer needed.

“So now would you mind telling me how on earth, you managed to get the incantation?” The prince asked. 

Rachel begins to talk before I have the chance. She tells him how she had hid and wrote down the words the fairy had said when he took her brother. I glare at her hoping to gain her attention so she can read the “shut the hell up” face I’m making instead she never turns my way. She is all smiles as she continues to run her mouth to the prince telling him everything. He is smiling back at her nodding his head, and occasionally he will throw in an Awe…or an Mm…letting her know he is interested in what she is saying. By the time she closes her mouth she has told him every last detail of everything. 
I sit there fighting with myself to keep my mouth shut and my hands from working their way around her neck to strangle her to death. I’m brimming with anger I’m on the verge of murdering her. I keep telling myself she doesn’t know what she’s doing, that she has no idea how conniving fairies can be. Case in point being the reason we are here in the first place. But no matter how much I keep trying to convince myself of the fact I’m still boiling with anger.  

“I really enjoyed our time together ladies, but I’m afraid I have some business to take care of.  I'll have the tree people show you to your lodgings.” The prince stands and rings his little bell again. The tree person comes out and the prince barks out orders before walking over to where we are now standing. He gives Rachel a nod and tells her, her brother will be back with her, as soon as he locates him. Turning his eyes towards me, he takes my hand and kisses the top.  The kiss lasts a little too long for my comfort. He stares back up at me smiling and tells me he has enjoyed his time with me and is looking forward to us getting to know one another. He lets go of my hand and walks away without given us second look. I swear I heard Rachel moan. 


CHAPTER 37

The tree people walk us to our lodging, which is another straw hut. The inside isn’t as lavish as the prince’s hut, but it isn’t anything to laugh at either. It is one big room with one bathroom and a few of the huge cushion chairs, like the prince has. All the colors are red, blue and gold and of course, it has the same motif going that the prince’s place has. When the door closes I notice the tree people are standing guard in front of it.  The one and only way out of the place is blocked.

Sitting down on one of the cushions, I throw my head back and close my eyes in frustration. When I hear Rachel speak I sit up and ask her what she said.

“I said, isn’t this great! I thought for sure when those little people took us they were going to kill us or something. Then Prince Osier stepped in and saved the day. He’s going to make sure I get my brother back, and he’s throwing us a party. God he’s awesome isn’t he. I mean look at this place we're staying in thanks to him.”

“Are you fucking crazy?” I shout, letting all my pinned up anger out. I see her take a step back, and I watch as the smile leaves her face, but I don’t care. I am yelling and can’t stop. “I can’t fucking believe you, how could you be so fucking stupid! How could you believe any of the shit Prince Osier said, you already know fairies are liars? I mean my God did you learn nothing, from the last fairy you dealt with? You just told him everything you know. Don’t you understand the prince has known your brother has been here from the moment he first arrived? We’re not his guest we’re his prisoner!”

Her face drops even more as tears are roll down her cheeks. “Go look out the door if you don’t believe me. Look at the guards who have been posted by the door to make sure we don’t leave. I have an even better idea why not, walk your ass out the fucking door and let’s see how far you get!” I kick the cushion hard wishing I could break something.

I watch as she walks over to the door and tries to open it. The door is slammed shut on her before she has even made a crack in it. Turning around she throws herself on the other cushion crying. I know I should feel guilty for the way I yelled at her. I know she doesn’t know any better. This is not the kind of life she’s used to. I also know I should be telling her I am sorry and trying to stop her from crying, but I can’t bring myself to do it. I lie back on my cushion and close my eyes trying to come up with a plan to get out of this mess. It would be really easy if I had my powers, but without them, I’m at a loss. Rachel finally cries herself to sleep a couple of hours later, and I am drifting in and out of sleep when one of the tree people opens the door. They brought food in and sit it on a table to the right of my cushion before turning around and walking back out the door. 

Ultimately, I give in to my curiosity and peek to see what is under the lids. Uncovering the tray, I see crackers, cheese, sliced apples, pineapples, and strawberries.  There is also some kind of green dip in a bowl. Sticking the tip of my finger in the dip, I taste it. I can’t figure out what it is, but it is good, and I’m really hungry. I thought about waking Rachel, but decide against it. I’m going to have to apologize to her but it can wait until morning right now I need some alone time. 

Peeking under another tray I see two glasses of iced tea. Picking up one of the glasses I sit it on the tray with the food. I take it all back over to my cushion and sit down. As I eat I can’t help but rationalize with myself that at least this is a better place to be held prisoner at than Hell was. But then I remind myself I was never held prisoner in Hell so I have little to compare it too. But logic does dictate that hell “with the whole fire and brimstone thing” is not the place you would want to spend too much time at. So this place upped in ranks even more. At least, nothing has been said about me dying. I ate on the fruit until I couldn’t eat anymore deciding if I do I might turn into a giant strawberry. 

Sitting the food back on the table I glance around searching for blankets and spy them lying neatly folded on a table just inside the bathroom door. I grab one and throw it over Rachel making sure she will stay warm through the night. After words I claim one for myself before crawling back on the cushion I’ve been occupying for the last few hours. Once I’m covered up I lay back and close my eyes. My brain is racing as I try to come up with a plan. I’m positive the prince changed incantation that opens the doorway up as soon as he realized we were here. Which means even if were able to get by the guards outside and escape it wouldn’t do us a bit of good because we would still be stuck here. The best thing we can do at this point is play along with the prince and pray Lisa finds a way to open the door back up so we can get the hell out of here. If she’s unable to that I’m not sure what’s going to happen to us. Lying back on my makeshift bed my mind drifts too “Case and Dominick.” But I quickly shut that train of thought down. I need to keep my head in the here and now if I’m going to get us out of here. 

At some point I drifted off to sleep only to be startled awake sometimes later from a horrible nightmare. I glance over at Rachel to see if I had disturbed her. She’s still sleeping in the same position she had been in before I had fallen asleep. Lying back on my cushion again, I try to remember the details about the dream I just had. 

In my dream, I had been in my bedroom back on the Keepers’ World. I was lying in my bed in the dark about to fall asleep when my bedroom door opened and closed. I felt my bed give to weight, and I rolled to my side as arms went around my waist, and my name was whispered. “Dominick" I said surprised. Dominick pulled  me closer to his huge muscled  body as he told me he couldn’t stay away from me another minute. That he missed me and had to touch me even if it was just for the night. Then he kissed me hard. My arms went around his neck my fingers untying the band holding his thick black hair. His hair covered both our faces as he deepened the kiss even more. His hand went under the back of my tank top. He was running his fingers up and down my spine. I remember the feeling of how right it felt. Dominick raised his head and told me I was beautiful before kissing my lips again. That had been when Case had walked in and turned on the light as he said my name. I had pushed Dominick away from me jumped from the bed and ran to Case telling him I was sorry. He looked at me with cold eyes and yelled, “I HATE YOU!” That was when I woke up. Running my hands across my face, I shut my eyes hoping I can go back to sleep without dreaming. 


CHAPTER 38

It’s been three days since we have been put in this hut. The tree people deliver food throughout the day. Rachel and I play games to try and pass the time. To put it simple we are going crazy. We have not seen nor heard from the prince since we have been locked in the room. I told Rachel how sorry I was for the way I yelled at her, and she told me she had deserved it for being so gullible. I told her she didn't deserve to be treated the way I had treated her, and she needed to accept my apology and stop arguing with me about it. After that we laughed and everything went back to the way it had been. To which I’m glad, because I can’t imagine being locked in this room without anyone to talk to for the last three days I’d be crazier than I am now. 

Rachel and I are playing I spy when two of the tree people walk in. One stands on either side of the door as two more walk in dragging someone behind them. They drop the body of an unconscious male on the floor facedown then they turn and leave. The two guards at the door go back outside taking their places once again.

Rachel is up and running to the body on the floor before I even stand up. I watch as she drops to her knees crying and rolls the person on his back. Rachel cries while she touches his face lightly as not to hurt him more than he already is. She is saying “Adam, Adam, it’s me Rachel can you hear me?” That’s when I know for sure that this is indeed her brother Adam and not just somebody Rachel felt sorry for. His face is covered with bruises. I’m pretty sure at least one of his eyes is swelled shut if not both.

The guy has been beaten very badly.  Walking over I bend down beside Rachel and feel for a pulse on Adam’s neck. His pulse is strong, so I go to the bathroom and fill a bowl with cold water picking up a couple of rags and rush back to Rachel and Adam. Sitting on the floor across from Rachel, I wet the rags and handing one to her. Together we wipe his face for a long time without talking. I watch Rachel knowing she is blaming herself for the shape her brother is in. I’m still watching Rachel when I hear Adam say her name. I move my hand away from his face stand up and walk back to my cushion. I sit down. Wanting to give them some privacy I lay back and close my eyes. I try my best to think of different things to keep from hearing their conversation. In spite of my efforts, I can still hear them talking. I hear Rachel tell Adam what had happened and how it was her fault. It didn’t take long for Adam to understand what she was telling him. When he did he pushed her hands off of him and told her to go away. He told her he didn’t want to talk to her or look at her. Yea right like he could actually see her through his swollen eyes.  

Rachel runs to the bathroom crying. I sit there for a few minutes not knowing which one I should deal with first.  But finally decide I need to get Adam on one of the giant cushions and off the floor. Then I’d go talk with Rachel. Getting up I walk over to him, I take his arm and start pulling him up, he jerks away from me. “Hey”, I say “my name is Lana, and I’m just trying to help you get someplace a little more comfortable to lie down.” He tries to open his eyes to see who is talking to him without any luck. 

"Stop trying to open your eyes you’re just causing yourself more pain” I tell him. This time when I take his arm, he doesn’t pull away. Getting him to his feet is a hard job, but I manage to do it. When he is on one of the extra cushions, I take my blanket and cover him up. Then I get the rag and wet it again and place it over his eyes. When he starts to pull the cold rag away from his face, I stop him. "Leave it on it will help the swelling go down so you can see.” I hear him whisper "thank you" before his hands fall back on the cushion, and he grows quiet. I lift the blanket and put his arms under it before going to knock on the bathroom door.

“Rachel, come on let me in, so we can talk.” Rachel opens the door then climbs into the empty tub and lies down. I sit on the edge of the tub and listen as she cries.  While sitting there I try to figure out what I should say. Ugh…how did I go from being a bad-ass World Keeper to a not so good councilor in the matter of three days? This is so messed up! Finally I decide to start talking.
 “Rachel your brother is upset right now, but after he calms down, he’ll come around.” 

“Do you hold me responsible for us being stuck here?” She asked.

“No I don’t hold you responsible, why would you think that?” 

“Well it seems as if everything else is my fault, so I thought maybe this is too.”

“Ok…first off Rachel, please don’t start that poor pitiful me act. I can’t deal with it. It’s not your fault that we’re stuck here, but I’m not going to tell you, you don’t hold some responsibly for what has happened to your brother because that would be a lie. I will tell you this though everybody makes mistakes and does things they wish they could take back or change, but they can’t.  All they can do is move forward and try to right the wrongs they’ve done. While making sure you never make the same mistakes again. The people that love you like your brother love's you will always forgive you no matter what. It just takes time.” Rachel wipes her eyes and tells me she will spend the rest of her life making things up to her brother and I believe every word she is saying. She is a good person and loves her brother to death.

“Come on get out of the tub. Go out there and take care of your brother. Just remember he’s hurt and angry right now so ignore whatever he says to you and just be there for him.”

Rachel spent the rest of the day taking care of Adam. Even when he would tell her to get away from him and leave him alone that he didn’t want anything to do with her. Rachel would tell him she understands, and she is sorry, but she never left his side the whole night. 
By the next-day Adam is starting to feel better. He still looks like crap. The cold rags Rachel had kept over his face yesterday, and all night last night helped with the swelling. He can open his eyes at least. He has also mellowed with Rachel. We are sitting on cushions discussing different ways to escape when three of the tree people come in. 

They walked over to me and said something I didn’t understand. I sat there looking at them trying to explain that I didn’t know what they were saying. One of the tree people grabs my arm. When I try to jerk away the other two grabs hold of me and pulls me to my feet.  They dragged me to the bathroom. Rachel and Adam both try to help me but the two guards from the door come in and hold them down.
 

CHAPTER 39

In the bathroom two of the tree people start removing my clothes.  The third one turns the water on in the tub. Finally understanding they wanted me to take a bath I push their hands away and start undressing myself. Lucky for me I had gym in school, so I wasn’t the modest type when it comes to undressing in front of people I didn’t know. Once I’m in the tub one of the tree people starts taking my hair down while the other two starts washing my body, I find that I become modest really fast.

With my body and hair washed I step out of the tub, and the tree people dry me off and wrap my hair in a lush towel. They then make me sit down in a chair. While they rub my arms and legs down with some kind of lotion that smells better than anything, I’d ever smelled in my life. It also has sparkly things all in it. My whole body is glittery by the time they are done. They bring out the makeup, and one of them applies it to my face. I sit there not understanding what is going on. After about twenty minutes the one doing my makeup takes a step back evidently done. The other two step forward, and begin working on my hair. They use some kind of magic to dry it making my brown and red mass lay in ring-let’s all the way down my back. 
Then they take small flowers of all different colors and weave them through my hair before finally dusting my hair in what I guess you would call fairy dust. One of the tree people takes a lid off a box and pulls out one of the most delicate, and beautiful dresses I’ve ever seen in my life.

The dress is off white.  It looks like something that came from the eighteen hundreds. The whole dress is made of lace. With little flowers embroidered all in it. It’s sleeveless and hangs off each shoulder. It swoops low it the front, and back, with a zipper running up the side. One of the tree people unzips the dress and motions for me to step into it. I stand up and put my feet through the dress making sure not to step on the delicate fabric and the other two tree people pull the dress up my body then zip it up. The third tree person takes a pair of off white sandals out of the box and slips them on my feet. 

I walk to the mirror and freeze. My breath caught in my throat I can’t believe this is me. I touch one of the small flowers that have been weaved through my hair. I look beautiful and delicate like the dress. Not like the kick ass World Keeper who wears tight black leather clothes all the time and keeps her hair up so it doesn’t get in her way.

The tree people start pushing me towards the bathroom door. I open the door and walk out. Rachel and Adam were sitting in the same place they had been earlier watching the door when I open it. Their mouths drop open. Adam stands up and comes toward me.
 “You’re beautiful. I mean you were beautiful to begin with, but now you look like an Angel of some kind.” 

"Thank You" I say smiling and see a blush rise to his bruised cheeks. The tree people push me towards the door, and Adam calls out asking them we’re they are taking me. They never acknowledged Adam has ever spoken. They just push me on out the door. I can hear Adam still yelling when the door shuts behind me. 

The tree people lead me to a field not far from where we're being held that is set up with a table and two chairs. Candles are burning everywhere it is magical to look at. Prince Osier walks into the clearing and comes to my side. 

“Aw Princess you are the most beautiful thing I have ever laid eyes on in my life.”

“Thank You” I say as I look at him. He is dressed in a white suite with white shoes his blonde hair hanging almost in his eyes. He is very handsome. I’m starting to get a really bad feeling about where this leading.

“I thought you and I would have dinner together this evening Princess while we talk.”

The Prince takes my hand and leads me to the table. He pulls my chair out for me before he seats himself. While the tree people bring out the food, I sit quietly as the Prince continues telling me how beautiful I am. I’m tired of hearing his voice and it hasn’t even been five minutes yet. Besides anything that comes out of his mouth is a lie. He’s being way to nice and I’m positive there’s a reason behind it. After the tree people leave, the Prince unfolds my fork from its cloth napkin and gives it to me telling me to eat. I take the fork and look down at the food. There is fish of some kind with little potatoes with Italian green beans. Everything smells great but I have no appetite at the moment. 

The Prince eats his food while talking the whole time. He acts as if he doesn’t notice I’m not eating. When he’s done he wipes his mouth with his napkin before throwing it on his plate. Then he asks me why I didn’t eat. I tell him I’m not hungry. All he says is “you missed out on a great meal”.
“When can we go home?” I question.

“Aw Princess haven’t you already figured it out, you are home.”

I glare at him “I don’t know what you’re talking about this isn’t my home. You can’t continue holding us here. When my parents find out, I have been held against my will and my powers were taken away they will kill you.”

“I have not taken your power's Princess. The Fairy Realm it’s self does that. When our ancestors created the Fairy World, they added an incantation that anything entering our world would leave its powers on the other side. It’s a protection thing.  I'm sure you understand considering that on the Keepers’ World you have to be holy before you are allowed entrance.” 

“Yes I can understand that, but you are holding us here against our will.” 

“Aw but my Princess I do not wish to hold you against your will I wish to marry you.”

I sit there frozen by his statement. I can’t believe what he just said. Once I can talk again I asked, “Why would you want to marry me, you don’t know me?”

“I know everything I need to know. You are the Princess of the Keepers’ World with powers beyond any other. You are holy so when we have children they will be half holy and able to enter the Keepers’ World. That is all I need to know. The fact that you are more beautiful than any creature I’ve ever seen is a bonus." 

“You’re crazy.” I whisper.

“I believe that over time you will come around to my way of thinking. Until then, however, you will have to stay locked in the lodge.” 

The Prince then stands up takes my hand and places a kiss on it before walking away. The tree people are at my side a moment later to take me back to the hut, I don’t really remember the walk back. All my mind can concentrate on at the moment is what the Prince had said and how I’m going to get out of this crap. Walking into the hut, Adam meets me at the door and asked if I’m alright. I assure him that I’m fine, but didn’t offer any explanation as to where I had been or what had happened.

Stepping around Adam, I stop cold gawking at the person leaning against the far wall staring at me. I run and throw myself at him. My arms going around his waist as fat tears run down my cheeks. His arms go around me holding me as he kisses the top of my head. Assuring me that everything is going to be alright that he’s here, and I am safe. Pulling myself out of the safeness of his arms I stare up into the beautiful eyes of my Greek God. 



CHAPTER 40

“How did you get here?” I enquired with my hands still on his waist.

“You didn’t think I’d leave you here did you Princess?” He said with a half-crocked smile playing on his beautiful mouth. 

“Really how did you get here? I know they changed the incantation, as soon as they found us.”

“I have my ways” he said still smiling.

I hugged him again telling him how glad I am he is here. Dominick’s arms go back around me pulling me close to his body. I lost myself in his strength and the smell of his body. We stayed that way for a long time, before I pull away to look at Rachel and Adam, whom are both watching us. “So I take it, you guys have already met Dominick?” I asked without letting him go. They both tell me the tree people had brought him in right after I left, and they had spent the last couple of hours talking to him. Glancing back at Dominick, I see he is staring at me again with the same strange look he had, on his face when I first walked in the hut and noticed him standing in the corner. 

Deciding to ignore the look, I remove my arms from around his waist and take his hand to lead him over to my cushion, as I take a seat I pull him down with me. I need to touch him I can’t keep my hands off him. He is my life line to home and everything I miss. Plus he’s my Greek God, and I crave his touch. He sits beside me. Puts his arm around me as he lay’s back on the huge cushion. Without hesitation, I lay against him. My head on his chest the feeling of comfort overwhelms me. This feels right being in his arms is like being home. Dominick’s other arm goes around my waist his hand resting on my stomach as he kisses the top of my head again. I sit there in the safety his arms and listen as Adam and Rachel tells the story about how this had all started. Finally, they asked Dominick if he has the incantation to get us out of here.

Dominick starts telling how he had found a fairy and caught him with the Whoops. The first weapon I had ever seen and I remember how stupid Lisa looked showing me how to use it. She was slinging that thing around in the air like a woman gone mad.  Going around and around like she had lost her ever loving mind. Dominick said the fairy told them the incantation for entering the Fairy Realm. I’m almost positive he left out a lot of details on how he made the Fairy talk. I felt a chill run through my body just thinking about it. 
Dominick must have felt my shiver because he tightened his hold on me and kissed the top of my head again before he continued talking. He really had my attention when he said that he and Case both came to the Fairy Realm. I push myself off him. When I sit up, I asked him “where is Case?” 

“I don’t know, when we came through the door we somehow got separated. I was looking for him when those stupid creepy ass little things jumped me. I figured out I had no powers the hard way. Anyway after they captured me, I figured they had gotten Case too. Now that I’m here and see they have us all together, I’m thinking they don’t have him. More than likely they don’t know about him. Think about it if they had captured Case, they would have brought him here just like they did me.”

“I believe you may be right.” Adam jumped in to say.

“So for now the best thing we can do is keep our mouths shut and do whatever the fairies, and those creepy little things want us to do and not mention Case. We need to give him time to come up with a plan to get us out of here. We can’t let on that I didn’t come through that door alone. Do you guys understand”? Dominick asked his eyes searching Adam and Rachel waiting for their response.

As I listen to what Dominick said. I’m relieved knowing that Case is out there, and the fairies haven’t gotten him. I know he will get us out of here. It will just take him some time to do it. “I just hope he doesn’t get caught before he has time to come up with something.” I say feeling hope for the first time now that I know Case is out there. I lay back on the cushion again. Dominick puts his arm around my neck as I lay back, but I don’t lean into him this time nor do I offer to lay my head back on his chest.

I lay there as they continue to talk. I’m thinking about what Dominick had said about us needing to do whatever the Fairies or the tree people want us to do until Case finds a way to get us out of here. I wonder what he would say if he only knew what the Fairy Prince wants me to do. I get really cold so I roll to my side and pick up the blanket that had fallen on the floor earlier that day. With blanket in hand, I went to roll back over when Dominick’s arms goes around me pulling my body close to his chest. 

Leaving me with no other choice, I lay my head on his chest. He takes the blanket from me and covers us both with it before wrapping his arms back around me tightly. I can hear his heart beating. As I listen it dons on me that it’s beating really fast. Maybe that’s how a half Angels heart beats all the time it’s not like I can find somebody else like him to ask.  He is one of a kind literally. With my head lying on Dominick’s chest his arms are holding me tight I fall asleep.  


CHAPTER 41

I wake up and find that at some point Dominick has rolled on to his side. He is still holding me. My face is against his chest. There is no part of our bodies not touching. I try to move but he tightens his hold.
 “Where do you think you’re going Princess?” He whispers.

“I thought you were asleep." 

“I’m enjoying holding you too much to sleep.” 

“I’m enjoying you holding me to Dom”, I said using the nickname I used to call him that he acted like he hated so much. 

“When I got here this evening and didn't see you, it scared me to death. Then Adam and Rachel told me that you were here but the little people had just taken you away Adam assured me they would bring you back sometime or the other. So I stood against the wall waiting to see you walk through the door. When you finally did walk in I was rendered speechless. You took my breath away. You are always beautiful, you know that. However, the way you're dressed and your hair with all the flowers in it. The glitter making your body and hair sparkle all over, you truly look like an Angel. I wanted to drop to my knees in front of you. Your beauty humbled me that much. Then you run and throw your arms around me hugging me.  I thought I had to be the luckiest man alive.” 

I lay there listening to him knowing he never speaks to me this way. This is more of the way Case talks not Dom. I’m not sure what I am supposed to say to him. Here is the most beautiful guy in the world, my Greek God. This giant of a man with black hair, deep chocolate eyes and muscles everywhere is telling me that I humble him with my beauty. How can that even be possible?
“I don’t know what to say. I whisper”

“You don’t have to say anything Princess.” We lay there our bodies tangled together our breathing in sync as we take comfort in one another. My eyes close after a while and I drift back off to sleep. 

The next day I changed out of the dress and put my leather clothes back on. Sitting on my cushion I begin taking out all the flowers that had been weaved in my hair. Dominick comes to sit beside me. We talk, while he helps me work the flowers out of my hair neither one of us speak about what he said the night before. I’m glad that we’ve lost all that awkwardness we had been dealing with before I left the Keepers World. When we finish getting the flowers out Dominick helps me up and we hold hands as we walk to the food the guards brought in a little while ago.

The front door opens up, and the same three tree people walk in that had dragged me off to the bathroom the day before. I felt my heart drop knowing what was about to take place. This time though they give me, a box that has instructions written on top of it before they spun around and walked back out the door. Reading the instructions I find out, I only have an hour and a half to get ready before the tree people will be back to take me to meet the Prince. The instructions also state that if I choose not to get ready, or if I am late, then my friends will be held responsible for my behavior. 

Dominick asked me what was going on, but I didn’t answer him instead I run to the bathroom with the box in my hand. While I am in the shower, I can hear him knocking. He wants to know what is going on. With my shower completed I dry off then wrap my hair in the towel. I wrap another towel around my body brush my teeth I’m putting on makeup when I hear the lock on the bathroom door being picked. I know it’s Dom, so I continue with my makeup. I am adding my lipstick when the door opens, and he walks in closing the door behind him.

“You going to tell me what the Hell is going on?” He demands. Looking at him through the mirror I decide to tell him what the Prince wants and see if he can tell me what I need to do. “I’m getting ready to go meet the Prince.”

“What do you mean you’re getting ready to go meet the Prince? You look like you’re getting ready to go on a date.”

Giving him a sarcastic laugh I thought I am actually going on a date, but it’s not like it’s a date I want to go on. It’s a date I don’t have a choice, but to go on. Twisting around to face Dominick, I said, “In a way I guess I am.”

“What the HELL are you talking about” He yells.

“It’s not what you’re thinking that's for sure.”

“Then tell me what it is then!  Were you on a date last night too?” 
“Yesterday evening the prince sent the tree people here. They were the ones that dressed me and did my hair. They made me look the way I did. Then they took me to a field, and the prince was there. He had arranged for me to be there and have dinner with him. After dinner, he told me that we were being held here because of me. He has some crazy plan about marrying me and our kids being able to enter the Keepers’ World. I told him he was crazy I would never marry him. He basically said if I didn't, we would never leave here, and we would continue to be held prisoner in this hut until I agree. After that I was brought back here. Tonight when the tree people brought me this box it had instruction with it telling me if I didn’t get ready to meet him before the tree people return to take me to him, then you guys would pay for my bad behavior. So could you please leave so I can finish getting ready before the tree people get back?” I twist back around to the mirror.

Dominick is pacing behind me while I take my hair out of the towel and start brushing its long strands. He stops pacing and stands behind me. His six foot seven muscled frame towering over my five foot six, one hundred ten-pound body. He raised one of his hands and rubbed my bare back with a feather-light touch that sent hot flames shooting through my body. 

His eyes met mine in the mirror holding them, and he tells me he hates the thought of the prince touching me or even thinking about me. I tell him the prince has never touched me nor has he ever tried. That I’m going to try to keep putting him off about the marriage thing until Case can get us, the hell out of here.

“You have to leave now so I can get ready.” 

“Why don’t we test the prince and see what he will do” He suggests.

“I know what he’ll do. Haven’t you seen Adam’s face? That’s what the prince is capable of, and I won’t let that happen to any of you because of me. Please leave and let me get dressed.” 

Dominick stands there his eyes searching mine I can tell he wants to say something but he knows whatever he says I won’t agree with it. Finally, he drops his hand and he turns around and leaves. I open the box and see that tonight’s dress is completely opposite of the one last night. The dress is still long but this time it’s a summer dress with green, red, purple, and white splashes all over it with spaghetti straps. I slip the dress on admiring its beauty before drying my hair and leaving its long wavy mass hanging past my back. I slip the plain white sandals on that had been in the box before walking back out the bathroom door.

I walk over to the food the tree people had left earlier and pick up a strawberry to eat. I know Dominick, Rachel and Adam are watching me. I’m sure Dominick told them what the prince wants, and for some reason, I feel really awkward knowing they all know. I wonder what they are thinking as they look at me. I was about to bite into the strawberry when Dominick walks over and stands in front of me blocking Adam and Rachel’s view. 

“You are breath-taking Lana” He states.

I smile up at him while thinking he is the one that’s breath taking but all I say is "Thank you.” 

“Promise me you will be careful tonight and keep your distance from the prince. Without your powers, you will have a hard time stopping him if he tries anything. That scares the fucking shit out of me. I’d rather take whatever punishment he wants to dish out rather than the thought of that mother fucker touching you.”

I take Dominick’s hand in mine. “Don’t worry for some reason, it’s important to the prince I agree to do what he wants. I don’t believe he will try anything, unless I agree to it. I know you’re worried and I also know you would take whatever punishment the prince would hand out just to keep me safe.  But it’s not just you. We have to think about Adam and Rachel.” 

Dominick squeezes my hand before pulling me into his arms. I hug him back trying to soak up some of his strength to help me make it through the night ahead. I am still in his arms when the tree people walk in. Letting go, of him I head towards the door. Looking over my shoulder before I go out I say, “I’ll be back guys don’t worry.” 


CHAPTER 42

Tonight, the tree people lead me to the prince’s house. The prince met me at the door. He takes my hand and tells the tree people they are excused.

“Lana you’re as lovely tonight as you always are.”

“Thank You” I said making no further attempt to talk. The prince led me to a huge dining room and pulls the chair out for me like he had done the previous night. After I am seated, he takes the seat opposite me. He starts talking about Dominick right off. Asking me about how he could have gotten the incantation to get in the Fairy Realm. I tell him I don’t have the slightest clue as to how Dominick had managed to get here. Prince Osier finally lets the subject go when the food arrives. Tonight, we are having rack of lamb with baby potato steamed carrots and a salad. The food looks great and smells fantastic. I’m starving, so I decide to eat tonight and try to keep the conversation going and see what I can find out. If I’m going to have to spend time with the prince, I may as well try to find out as much as I can.

After we finish eating and the plates have been removed, I find I have managed to keep the prince talking the whole time. I can tell by the way, he is talking that Dominick had been right he doesn’t have the slightest idea Case is here. I also find out the tree people are the protectors of the Fairy Realm, and they come from the trees. They are unisex meaning they aren’t either male or female. The trees give them life they start out as pollen attached to the trees. As they start to grow the trees cocoon them within them. It takes about three years for them to develop then the cocoon breaks, and they are released. That’s the reason they're called tree people.

“So, is this Dominick your mate?” 

“No he’s not my mate as you call it he's a friend.”

“By what the tree people tell me he seems to be more than a friend.”

“Well the tree people have the wrong idea.” 

“No I believe the tree people know what they're talking about. Maybe you regard him as a friend and no more but I believe he views you in a different light altogether. He would not have risked coming here to try and save you otherwise. He had to know that once he was here the odds were he would never leave this place again yet he came anyway. That shows his true feelings for you. Not that I blame him. It would be hard to be around someone with your beauty and not fall in love with you.”

I felt my face blush at his comment. Not because he believes I’m beautiful, but because of what he said about Dominick. Wanting to change the topic of conversation, I asked. “Why don’t you just make me marry you instead of holding me and my friends here against our will?”

“I do not want to make you marry me. I want you to want to marry me. I have to hold you prisoner so you have time to get to know me. I hold your friends here for you so you will not be lonely. I am a good man and could make you very happy if you give me the chance.”

“You threatened to harm my friends tonight if I didn’t meet with you of my own free will as you call it. How is it of my own will if I know if I decided not to come, you would hurt my friends?”

“Princess I want you. Your friends are just a means to an end for me. I will keep them here if they can make you happy, but I will also use them to get what I want. I want you to come to me and tell me that you will marry me and have my children. In the Fairy World if a woman says those words, she can never change them, and she will be bound to her mate for life. She will only ever see him or be attracted to him. She will become her mate's slave. If I force you to say those words, then they would not hold true. You would never truly be mine.”

“Don’t you think it’s forcing me when you’re holding me against my will and my friends against their will?”

“No, not at all Princess, the laws of my land say the only way our bond would not hold is if I force you against your will. Which I will not, you will come to me and say those words on your own. However the law doesn’t say I can’t use everything in my power to help you come to understand your feelings for me and how much you want to say those words. I will do whatever I have to do to make sure I get what I want. I do not wish to harm your friends. Matter fact I would be willing to let them leave and go back to their world if you said the right words. If you choose, however, to drag this out I will not think twice about killing them one, by one, if I have to. You my dear hold your friend's fate in your hands.” 

I sit there staring at nothing as Prince Osier words sink in. My only hope is that Case will get us out of here. However, I know without a doubt that before I would let Dominick, Adam or Rachel die or be hurt, I would give myself to Prince Osier. Even knowing I would lose my body, mind, heart and soul. I would become the prince’s slave. It would be worth it as long as everyone else is safe. The prince stood up told me he had enjoyed our dinner and our talk and that he will see me tomorrow for dinner again. He shocked me by telling me he is sure I can find my own way back to my hut.

I sit there watching the prince until he is out of sight. Tears start falling down my face. I wipe them away a couple of times but they come right back. Finally, I give up and let them fall. Somehow, I make it back to our hut without even remembering the walk there. When I go inside Dominick is standing in the same spot he had been the night before when I had come through the door. Seeing the tears running down my face he is at my side before I can blink. 

“What’s wrong?” he demands running his hands up and down my body as his eyes scan every inch of me trying to find out where I’m hurt.

With tears rolling down my face, I tell him I’m not hurt. When I go to push his hands away he pays no attention. After he’s satisfied himself that I’m not hurt he takes my hand and tells, Adam and Rachel to excuse us, and drags me to the bathroom closing the door behind us. I sit down on the side of the tub and wipe my face with my hands as he sits beside me.

“Are you going to tell me what happened?”

I set there crying as I tell him everything the prince had said to me. He listens without ever interrupting. I continue on about how the prince said he would kill them one by one, until I did what he wants me to do. I talked and cried until I had nothing left in me, and I grew quiet.

“Honey I want you to listen to me” He says taking my hand and interlocking our fingers together. “You have nothing to worry about. Case will have us out of here anytime now. I think the prince is trying to scare you into doing what he wants. If he really wanted to kill us, he would have already done it. You know yourself that fairies lie, every time they open their mouths. He’s trying to play you, trick you into doing what he wants. Promise me you’ll never say the words he wants you to say to him?”

“Do you really believe he won't kill you guys? You’re not just saying that to make me feel better?” 

“No I’m not just telling you that to make you feel better.” He said smiling “I’m telling you that because I believe it’s true. Think about it for a minute if fairies were killers don’t you believe we would know? I’ve never known of a fairy to kill anyone.” 

“What if they don’t kill, but they have the tree people do it for them?”

“I’ve thought about that and to tell you the truth I don’t know. I saw what they did to Adam so that leads me to believe that yeah they would kill, but they didn’t kill Adam. They just beat the SHIT out of him because he didn’t do what they wanted him to do. So I’m thinking they rather keep a person alive and make them slave's than they had to kill them. However, I really trust that Case will show up before we have any of that to worry about.”

Dominick always seems to have a way of calming me down. He makes me believe that everything will work out. Leaning toward him, I place a light kiss on his lips. "Thank you. It seems like you always know just what I need to hear.

Dominick grin’s showing off all his beautiful white teeth. “I know. It seems you’re always freaking out.”

“Hey” I say bumping my knee against his and smiling for the first time in hours. 

“Come on let’s get out of this bathroom. I’m sure Rachel, and Adam are worried about you.”

I stand up with him. We hold hands as we walk out of the bathroom. Rachel comes running up to me asking if I’m alright. "I’m fine let’s all set down, and I’ll tell you both everything. When I sit down on my cushion, Dominick sits beside me and pulls me against his chest. I thought about how odd it is that a couple of weeks ago everything was awkward between us, and I had left the Keeper World to get away from him. Now I can’t get close enough to him. We haven’t been awkward around each other at all. 

He wraps his arms around me as I snuggle into the comfort of his chest before I begin telling Rachel and Adam everything the prince had said. Rachel lets me know how sorry she is and that she feels responsible that I’ve been placed in this position. I assure her that it’s not her fault and that I don’t want her to feel guilty. Adam tells me not to worry that he agrees with Dominick that the prince is just trying to trick me. They all are so supportive. We all talk for hours before deciding it’s time to get some sleep. I thought Dominick would go to his own cushion tonight since I hadn’t fallen asleep on top of him, but he didn’t even offer to instead he lay back on my cushion and pulled me along his hard body until we were lying side by side.  Every inch of my body touching his then he pulled the blanket over us.

“You don’t have to sleep with me tonight” I whisper. 

“I know I don’t” he whispered back before pulling me even closer against his body like he can’t get me close enough.

“You would have more room if you slept on your own cushion.” 

“Do you want me to get up?” He whispers, his lips touching my ear. 

It was hard to concentrate with his lips touching my ear and neck. I want his lips to touch me everywhere. I want him to do more than just hold me. I want him to kiss me. I’m dying with him lying here next to me touching me yet not touching me the way I want.

“No, you getting up is the last thing I want. I just don’t want you to feel like you have to lay here with me.”

“Don’t worry I’m not lying with you because I feel like I have to. I’m lying here because I can’t stop myself. I know I shouldn’t be doing this. I know it would hurt Case if he knew but for the life of me, I can’t stay away. I have to touch you even if it’s just holding you while we sleep.” 

I lift my face towards his with my eyes adjusted to the dark. I can make out his face clearly. I touch the side of his beautiful cheek as I stare into the eyes I always get lost them. “I feel the same way.” I whisper. His lips meet mine in a feather-light kiss. I deepen the kiss wanting more, and he pulls me even closer his tongue enters my mouth making me moan before I remember we need to be quiet because we are not alone in here. My body is burning and I can already tell how wet I am. His huge hand moves down to my ass pulling it closer to him as he grinds himself against me and I can tell how hard he is, he wants me just as bad as I want him. I am so turned on I’m about ready to say the hell with Rachel and Adam.  At this point I need him inside of me we can be quiet they will never know. I am about to tell him just that when he stops kissing me and puts his forehead against mine his breathing hard.

“We can’t do this Lana as much as I want to it’s not right. When I petitioned the Angel council the last time with the help of your mother to become a Keeper, I only did it, so I could come for you. I didn’t care if I hurt Case, but then I got to know him, and we become friends and things changed. I won’t hurt him even if it means I won’t ever get what I want and it’s killing me. Fuck it kills me every damn day seeing you with him instead of being with me where you’re supposed to be but I won’t hurt him he’s a good guy and he loves you. I mean you are his world I listen to him talk about you and as bad as I want to yell at him to shut the hell up that I don’t want to hear him talk about you like that.  I can’t because I know that what he is saying is true.  He means it and we can’t do this to him.  He needs you, so could you please roll over and let me wrap my arms around you and hold you and be close to you like this for as long as I can. Before Case gets here and I don’t even get that much of you anymore? I need to hold you while I can but I can’t do what we were fixing to do we can’t do that to him.” 
Without saying a word I roll over and press my back against his chest when his arm comes around my waist he pulls me as close to his body as he can get me he kisses the top of my head and we don’t speak again. 
  

CHAPTER 43

Something woke me. I sit up looking around and see a shadow against the back wall. Straining my eyes I try to see who it is. When the shadow starts walking towards me, I see it is Case. I jump up and run to him hugging him and asking if he is alright and how he had gotten in here. He kisses me, his arms squeezing me tight to his body. When he finally lets me go, he tells me he cut a hole in the back wall, and we have to get out of here now. 

Letting Case go, I go over and wake Dominick, Rachel and Adam up. I notice when I wake Dominick Case has a strange look on his face. He is staring where Dominick is sleeping. He knows we had been sleeping on the same cushion. I thought I saw hurt cross over his handsome face for a minute, but then it was gone. 

Dominick stood up grabbed Case in a hug telling him he is glad to see him. Case hugs him back without saying anything. I introduce Rachel and Adam to Case and tell them it’s time for us to get out of here. Walking over to Case I take his hand in mine and giving it a squeeze. 
We all listen as he explains to us in a whispered voice that we are going to have to go out the hole he had made in the wall, and that we are to stay in a single file line. He tells Dominick to take the rear and to keep watch. He said he made camp about three miles from here and that once we leave the hut, there will be no talking for any reason until we get back to the camp site. 

Rachel and I both pick up the blankets we have been using to take with us. Walking to the hole Case had cut we watch as he slips through. I follow him.  Rachel is next followed by Adam then Dominick brings up the rear. Once we are all out Case takes my hand and we head north. When we start to go into the woods, I pull back on Case’s hand trying to tell him we didn’t need to be in the woods because of the trees. He squeezes my hand and whispers so softly it was almost impossible to hear but luckily, I was close enough to him to read his lips as he mouthed the words “trust me.” I give my head a nod letting him know I trust him as we head in the woods. 

As we walk through the heavy muck, I am glad I had changed out of the dress and sandals I had been wearing earlier. Everything is eerily quiet as we make our way through. It makes cold chills run through my body. We had been walking what felt like forever when the tree people swoop down out of nowhere.

They are everywhere surrounding us with sticks in their hands. They are speaking in their native language so none of us have the foggiest idea what they are saying. Case calls out to Dominick asking him if he is ready to fight. Dominick yells back he is ready to kick to some creepy tree people ass.
 Case looks at me and asked, if I can handle this. I assure him that I can and tell him not to worry about me, I may not have any powers, but I still remember how to fight. Case gives my hand one last squeeze before leaning in and kissing my lips. When he raises his head, he gazes into my eyes and says, “I love you Lana you own my heart.”

He released my hand and takes off at a full run toward the tree people. I stand there immobilized watching as he throws himself toward three of them at once. Turning my head, I see that Dominick has done the same thing. Looking back and forth between them, I don’t know what to do. I felt my resolve breaking. Tears run down my face. Case and Dominick are both here because of me. They are fighting right now to save me and here I stand unable to give myself fully to either of them. They both deserve better than me, but I’d be DAMNED if I'd let either of them die right now before I have the chance to tell them the truth about my feelings for them.

Picking up my own stick I charge at one of the tree people hitting it with everything I have in me. It turns on me and slings its stick. I move to the left missing the hit. I may not have my powers, but I still remember the moves. I hit the tree person over the head then dropped the stick and seized it around the neck chocking it. It tries to fight me but as many times as it elbowed me in the stomach and kicked me in the shines I wouldn’t let go. Finally feeling the fight going out of its body, I add more pressure to its neck and hold on until it goes limp.

Letting go I turn around and get hit in the face with a stick. Falling to the ground blood running down my face, yet I felt no pain. I don’t know where the blood is coming from. I only know the anger I am feeling as I jump up and start pounding on the thing that caused it. I hit it over, and over again until it hits the ground. Jumping on top of it, I continue pounding it with my fist. Blood is splattering everywhere. The tree person has long since stopped fighting back, but I can’t stop. It’s like I am hitting it for everything that has gone wrong in my life over the last year. As if it’s to blame. Dominick is pulling at me telling me it’s over. I finally stop throwing punches and go limp. The tree person is lying dead underneath me. 
Dominick pulls me into his strong arms and holds me tight against his warm chest. After a while, I begin to feel the pain for the first time from where I had been hit in the face. I push away from him moaning in pain. 

“Let me see baby” Dominick says. Putting his hands on either side of my face raising it toward his, he curses at what he sees.

“Is it that bad” I asked as my tears fall on his hands?

“You’re as beautiful as you always are Princess” he says before placing a light kiss on my lips.

Someone clears their throat bringing use both out of the little world we had created where it was just the two of us. Breaking apart I look around and see Case standing their frozen looking at us. The hurt I see on his face brake’s my heart. I didn’t know what to say or how to fix what he had just wittiness. 
We stare at each other for what seems like a life time before he finally turns his head away and says, “We need to go.” Feeling like the lowest person alive I start walking. The pain I felt from my face is nothing compared to the pain I feel in my heart knowing I hurt my Angel. I love Case and never wanted to hurt him. I have to find a way to make him believe me. I have to fix this. 


CHAPTER 44

We eventually arrive at the camp sight Case has made. It’s inside a cave, walking in I notice there are candles burning everywhere lighting the cave with soft light. The second thing I notice is a fairy being held in the whoops. The Fairy never spoke when we walked in the cave he also never turned around to see to see who came in the cave on him. Upon closer inspection I realize the the reason he didn’t. He’s dead. I wonder what Case had done to the Fairy to get the information he needed before he killing him. Turning my head from the dead fairy I take notice of Rachel and Adam appearance for the first time since leaving the hut it appears they didn’t escape out little fight unscathed either. 

Spreading my blanket out I sit down and try to wipe dried blood from my face. Case still has not spoken to me or even looked my way. I heard Adam asking Case what was going happen now and Case told him we will have to stay here and out of sight for the next two days before he can open the door. Something about the incantation he had would only open the door on the night of the earth’s full moon.

I had no idea what he was talking about and wasn’t about to ask him right now with the way he is feeling towards me. Without speaking to anyone I lay back, close my eyes and let my tears fall silently.  I fall asleep with my heart breaking for hurting Case. He is the one person that has always been by my side.

Opening my eyes I see Case lying beside me looking at my face. He is so handsome with his blonde hair falling everywhere his strong facial features and the bluest eyes I’ve ever seen.

“How is your face?” 

“It hurts a lot. How does it look?”

“It looks like hell” he says smiling.

Reaching out I touch his beautiful face. “I’m sorry about what happened back in the woods.”

Taking my hand in his he asked, “What did happen out there Lana?”

“I don’t know I was upset and scared. I lost it. Dominick helped me up, and I guess he thought I was hurt. I don’t know. All I can say is what you saw didn’t mean anything it was nothing. It was just two friends comforting each other.” 

“Lana I saw where he was sleeping when I came in the hut.”

“Yeah he was sleeping on the cushion with me, but he was there because of everything that happened to me that night. I was in bad shape, and he was being a friend. The prince has really been putting me through it and without Dominick being there I don’t think I would have been able to deal with it. He’s is your friend Case. He would never do anything to hurt you.”

“Do you have feelings for him? Be honest with me.”

This is it. It was time for me to tell him the truth. Staring into his eyes I said, “Yes I do” I saw the hurt in his eyes, I hate that I put it there, but it is time to be honest.
“For how long?” he whispers.

“I guess you could say a long-time… I’m sorry Case. The feelings I have for him and the feelings I have for you are completely different. You’re the one I’m with.  I love you.” 

“You say you love me yet you have feelings for someone else. How can that be”?

“I don’t know how. I only know it is true, and you have to believe me. I love you.” 

Case pulls my hand away from his face. “I believe you. But it still doesn’t change the fact that you’ve hurt me. You need to decide what you want after you do let me know.” With that said he gets up and walks off.  
I lay there with my eyes closed dried blood from me and the tree person I had killed covering me. 
 My face hurts I know without doubt that my nose is broken. I can’t even breathe through it. If I had my powers when I had gotten hit it wouldn’t have done anything to me.  But without my abilities, I can be hurt the same way humans can. 

I fall back asleep at some point. When I wake up, I see Rachel and Adam sitting on a huge rock talking. Sitting up I asked them where Case, and Dominick, were at. Rachel told me they had gone after wood to keep the fire going. Adam asked me how I was feeling then proceeds to tell me that Case had brought water in that I could use to clean up with. He points to the direction the water is sitting and I stand up and make my way to over to it deciding I to at least wash my face and arms. 
Pouring water in my hands from the wooden bucket, I splash it on my face. The water is cold, but feels great touching my sore face. Using my hands, I scrub my face lightly trying not to cause myself more pain than I am already in. After a while I figure I’ve gotten as much blood off of me as I’m going to be able to get until I can get a shower. I walk over and climb onto the rock with Adam and Rachel. 

“I have to ask you a question Lana” Rachel says, “What’s up between you, Dominick, and Case?” 

“It’s a long story” I tell her not wanting to talk about it.

“Alright I guess it’s none of my business anyways. I just thought Dominick was your boyfriend the way you both acted the last few days then Case shows up, and we find out he's your boyfriend.” 

“Rachel SHUT UP! Whatever’s going on it’s nothing to you!” Adam says in a loud voice.

I sit there with my head down, thinking Rachel is right. She had every reason to believe Dominick, and I we’re a couple with the way I acted towards him back in the hut. God could I become anymore of a slut. The sound of arguing outside pulls me from my pity party. I jump off the rock and take off running for outside already knowing what I’m going to see once I get there; and sure enough there’s Dominick and Case at each other’s throats. Running over to them, I push Case back and yell for them to stop. “I know what you’re arguing about, and if you want to be mad at someone be mad at me not each other!” 

Dominick starts to say something, but I stop him before he has the chance. “Don’t say another word!” I warn him then turn my attention to Case, “Aren’t you the one that told us we had to be quiet? How is this being quiet? You are both are acting like children, and you need to grow up before you lead the tree people right to us.”

Without saying another word I turn and go back in the cave and plop down on my blanket. Anger consumes me not toward Case and Dominick but at myself for the mess I’ve made of everything. It seems like all I’ve done since becoming a Keeper is hurt the people I care about. 

Lying there I see Dominick and Case coming back in the cave.  I turn my head away from them. I close my eyes trying to decide how I can undo the damage I’ve caused. I know what I have to do. 
The only thing that will be fair to both Dominick and Case will be for me not to see either one of them until I can make a decision on which one I want to be with. I will break things off with Case, as soon as we're back in the Keepers’ World. Sure I will have to see them every day after all we do work together and live in the same house. 
Hearing Dominick and Case arguing again brought me out of my thoughts. By the time I get to my feet, they we’re throwing punches at each other. I try to grab Dominick and pull him away from Case, but I can’t budge his six foot seven massive body. 
Yelling at Adam, and Rachel, I tell them to come help me as I manage to step between Case and Dominick thinking that would stop them. That turns out to be one of the biggest mistakes I’ve ever made in my life. One of them hit me, or it could have been both of them. I'm not sure. I just remember the pain as the hit lands on my already black and blue broken nose. I go flying backwards and another sharp pain hits me in the back of my head before I hit the ground. 


CHAPTER 45

I didn’t know what hurt worse my face or the back of my head. I couldn’t open my eyes, for some reason. I can hear Case, Dominick, Rachel, and Adam, but I can’t open my eyes nor can I make out what they are saying. I’m so tired of dealing with all the drama that is my life at the moment. I just need to rest here for a little while. My senses begin shutting down pulling me closer to what I hope is a restful sleep. I give in to it happily. I have the sensation that I am falling everything is black around me. I fall for what seems like hours surrounded by nothing but darkness. I finally touch ground and I’m standing on my feet it’s so dark I can’t make out my hand in front of my face. It’s so quite here that my breathing actually echo’s around the darkness. I’m afraid to move because I have no idea what lay in front of me or behind me. After a couple of minutes my eyes begin to adjust and I catch a glimpse of Dominick but I’m not sure about what I am seeing exactly because I know for a fact we are in the cave but what I am seeing is Dominick standing in the middle of a field. I see tree people surrounding him, he is trying to fight them all off but there is too many for him to take on by himself.  
Watching In horror, I see four or five tree people take him to the ground while another one rams a stake through his chest. I scream watching as the tree people push the stake deeper into his body and he goes limp. I scream for him to get up bellowing to him he has to fight. My heart is breaking. No matter, how much I scream he, just lays there dying. I am still screaming when he starts fading from my vision.

Everything went black. I must be dying; if so I welcome it. Watching Dominick die just now opened my eyes about how much he really does mean to me. About how much I care about him how much I love him. That’s the reason I had been able to sleep with him so easy yet had never been able to bring myself to sleep with Case. Now it’s too late he’s gone, and I’ll never be able to tell him how much he means to me how much I love him. That I was sorry I had wasted all these months we could have been together. 

Is this what Hell is like? A black nothingness a giant hole swallowing you up to never to be seen nor heard from again, I scream out, demanding to know if anyone is there. All I hear back is the echo of my own voice. I thought about looking around to see if I can find Dominick but then realize that he wouldn’t have come here anyways. Hell is left to those that didn’t deserve better. Like me, for all the pain I’ve caused the people I’m supposed to care the most about. Of course, Dominick wouldn’t be here he’s kind, generous, forgiving, loving, and always helping others. He’s everything I’m not and never will be. Lying down in the black nothingness, I close my eyes and cry for all the mistakes I have made and the people I have hurt along the way. 

As time went on, I lost all track of time I’m not sure if I have been here an hour, days, or even months. I walk, and walk trying to see if I can see anything but no matter how far I go; nothing changes. I worry that the tree people killed Case, Adam and Rachel as well. But I’m keeping my fingers crossed that he got the door opened and was able to get himself and Adam and Rachel the hell out of the fairy realm. A noise catches my attention. It was faint but I heard it. It’s the first sound I’ve heard that hasn’t been made by me since I arrived in this place. Straining my ears, I listen to see if I can hear it again. Right when I’m ready to give up on hearing it again it happens. Escape this time I’m positive I heard the echoes of my name being spoken. 

“I’m here!” I howl. Jumping to my feet I take off running trying to locate where the voice is coming from but no matter how far I go or how hard I run the voice stays just out of reach. Stopping I listen to see if I can still hear it, and I do, it’s still the faint sound of my name being spoken. Its Case he’s here I have to find him. I start calling his name “Case I’m here! I can’t find you! Can you hear me?” I yell into the nothingness as I spin around in a circle hoping to catch a glimpse of him somewhere in the distance. He never replies to my plea nor am I able to see him. Could I only be imagining that I hear him? I stop in my tracts and listen. Finally giving up when all I hear is silence. 

Sitting in the dark rocking my body back and forth I see a small light appear. It starts growing in size the closer it gets to me. It becomes brighter and brighter. Holding my hands over my eyes, I try to block out the blinding light. Could this be the light you always hear people talking about that has near-death experiences? Maybe I’m not in Hell after all. This could be the holding place or something you go to before the light comes to take you. 

Letting my hands drop from my face I watch the light come toward me. It stops blinding me and becomes beautiful the closer it gets. When the light is finally in front of me, it transforms into an Angel, but not any Angel, it is Michael. I have not seen him since my purification. He was the Angel, who had given me his blood.

“Hello Lana” Michael says in his soothing tone.

“Michael I can’t believe you’re here. I thought I was in Hell. However, you wouldn’t be here if I were. Are you taking me to heaven?”

“Lana you’re not dead; you're in a comma.”

“How can I be in a comma?”

“That’s not important right now. What is important is you need to wake up, I’m afraid if you stay here much longer there will be No turning back. You’re falling deeper towards death. You have much to do my child. There is another war coming and you, and your powers are greatly needed this war is you’re destiny. You are the strongest of all keepers you were born to fight and lead this war. Without you goodness has no chance of winning. If evil wins the human race will be destroyed. The keeper world will be no more. This war is the reason you were born. The reason your powers are so great. You have to fight to wake up. Listen to the voices calling to you and follow them.”

“How can I lead a war Michael? How can you say a war is my destiny? I can’t even figure out my own love life. I make a mess of everything I touch.”

“Lana love is a hard thing for anyone to deal with. All you can do is follow your heart. Listen to what your heart is telling you, and you’ll know what to do.” Michael said in his soothing musical voice.

“Michael what if your heart is telling you that you love two different people?”

“Lana you know, deep down, what your heart can’t live without.”

“It really doesn’t matter now I saw the tree people kill Dominick.” 

“Dominick’s not dead he’s waiting on you. He’s sitting by your side now begging you to come back to him.”

“I don’t know how to get back Michael can you take me back?”

“I’m sorry Lana that is not in my power. I can come to you now because of the blood bond we share. It’s up to you to find your way back. I can tell you this, listen to the voices calling to you. Follow their sounds but you’ll need to hurry if you stay here much longer I’m afraid it may be too late.”

Michael begins fading away; I beg him not to leave me. Telling him I need to know more about the war he said was coming. What part I am supposed to play in the war. Nothing I question makes him stay, and once again, I am left alone in complete darkness. I listen for what seems like forever trying to hear the voices Michael told me to listen for. Giving up and feeling more tired than I have ever felt in my life, I close my eyes and let sleep overtake me. I don’t know how long I slept before being woken up to the sound of my voice being called.

Sitting up I yell “I’m here can you hear me.” I can’t make out who is calling me, but I can definitely hear someone. I listen to someone telling me to please wake up I scream that I want to wake up, but I didn’t know how. Then I hear the same voice telling me to listen to their voice and follow it. I don’t know what to do, I’ve tried running I’ve tried screaming, but nothing allows me to escape this never-ending blackness I am in. Then I hear it Dominick talking to me. He is telling me how I have to come back to him. That he can’t live in a world I’m not in. I listen as he tells me if I’ll just wake up he will leave and never interfere with my life again. 

Him leaving me and not being part of my life is the last thing I want to happen. I have to tell him. I have to get back to him. He isn’t dead I have to tell him I will break everything off with Case that I love him and only him. 
Fighting harder than I have ever fought before I push everything from my mind except the sound of Dominick's voice, I concentrate picturing myself moving towards him. The first thing that let me know it is working is the pain coming back to my face and head. I fought against my mind that wanted me to retreat back to the place where the pain no longer existed. Pushing forward I feel my eyes trying to open. I struggle with everything I have left in me and demand my eyes to open so I can see my Greek God .That’s when it happens my eyes fluttered open for the first time and in a weak voice I squeak , “Dominick.”

“I’m here baby; I haven't left your side.” 

Making my eyes focus for the first time I see his face and what appears to be tears in his eyes.
In a low voice I say, “My Greek God.”

“What did you say?” 

“Come closer” I beg barely above a whisper.
He leans closer to me and asked, “What is it baby. How do you feel?”

“Closer” I whisper.

Moving closer his ear is almost touching my lips, I raise my hands to either side of his face turning his head and pull his lips down to mine. I kiss him. He makes sure to keep the kiss soft as if he is afraid he may hurt me. Lifting his head, he smiles down at me, 
“I’m glad you’re back princess. You've had us all worried.”

I tell him I am glad to be back and that he and I have a lot of things to discuss. As I said the words, I felt my energy fading. I knew I was falling asleep again even as hard as I fight not to. Then I hear Dominick’s deep voice saying, “sleep princess I’ll be here when you wake up.” I felt his lips touching mine again before my body gives up.

I wake up every few hours, and Dominick is always by my side. I see Case and spoke to him assuring him that I will be fine that my body just needs rest. I spoke with Adam and Rachel a few times but the only one I really want to see or talk with is Dominick. I have not been able to stay awake long enough to tell him all the things I want to say. Top of the list being I love him; I know we will have plenty of time for that talk after we get off the fairy realm and are back in the keepers world. Right now I am satisfied knowing that he is here by my side.

I have been out of my comma twelve hours, when Case says it is time for us to leave. He tells us we have to make it back to the opening in the field were Rachel and I, had first come through the door. I watch as everyone starts getting ready. I am still way too weak to be of help to anyone. I listen as Dominick and Case go over the plan for everything that will have to happen after we make it to the field. I didn’t quite catch everything they said, but I saw Case pull out these big metal rods from his satchel and tell Dominick they had to be positioned in the shape of a triangle. I had no idea what they were talking about. When I had opened the door and come through all I had done was say an incantation, but I had all the trust in the world, in Case he knows what he is doing, and if he said putting these poles in the ground has to happen then it has to happen.

I feel bad because I know I will slow them down getting to the field. I still can’t walk. That means I will have to be carried, and I hate that. I don’t want to be the one slowing them down. It doesn’t take long for the sun to start setting, which is our cue to go. 


CHAPTER 46
Case walks over to me and asks if I am ready to go. I tell him I’d never been so ready to leave a place in my life. He bends down and picks me up. I put my arms around his neck wishing it was Dominick’s neck my arms were going around instead. Looking around I search for him, I locate him standing a few feet away putting the polls back in Case’s satchel. He glances at me and mouths the words “it’s alright princess.” 

Turning away I keep my eyes straight ahead as we leave the cave that has been our home for the last two days. No one speaks after we leave the cave. Case holds me tight against his chest as he walks. After about an hour we make it to the clearing. He sits me down on the ground and asked if I will be alright. I tell him not to worry about me, for him to just get us home. He leaves me sitting there while he and Dominick go to work sitting up the poles. Dominick has the last pole in his hand when tree people come running out from everywhere.

I watch as Case, Dominick, Rachel and Adam are fight. For every tree person, they take down ten more show up to take their place. It is never ending. I know I have to do something. I’m just not sure what I can do in my weaken state. I am trying to stand up when someone grabs me from behind. The sound of Prince Osier voice in my ear clues me into the person who is now holding me hostage. “I’m very disappointed in you Lana” He whispers in my ear before shouting out to the tree people telling them to stop fighting. It’s like watching everything in slow motion at least a hundred tree people stop moving at the same time along with Dominick, Case, Rachel and Adam. The prince picks me up in his arms. I try to fight him. He is simply too strong for me.

“Do you see what you have done princess?” Prince Osier asked. “I was willing to let your friends go, but now you have sentenced them all to death, and I’ll still have you.”

“You can’t have me if I don’t agree to marry you.” 

“Yes there is that little matter, but I will hold you hostage here and make your life unbearable until you either come around to my way of thinking, or you’ll die just like your friends will.”

“Let her go!” Case screams in a mincing tone. One of the tree people knocks him to the ground.

I scream “leave him alone! What if I agree to do as you want? Will you let my friends go then?”

“Aw…maybe this can still work out for the best.” Prince Osier says.
I hear Dominick, and Case both yelling at me not to say another word.

“Princess this will be your last chance. You say the words I want to hear, and I will let your friends go”.

“First you open the door and let them go through then I’ll do as you want.”

“You’re still the most stubborn woman; I've ever met princess. I see why you have these two young men fighting over you. It seems like you collect hearts the way I collect beautiful things. You will be my prized collection. The most beautiful thing I’ve ever collected.”

Before I know what is happening, I see Case, and Dominick sling two of the tree people over their heads. Rachel and Adam have somehow managed to break free, and they are all fighting. Finding strength I didn’t know I had I elbow the prince and brake free. Running with what energy I have left toward Dominick, I grab the pole he dropped. With the pole in hand, I run to the place the pole needs to be placed and start pushing it in the ground. When I have it in as far as I can. I squeal to Case that all the poles are in place. He continues fighting as he bellows out the words that will open the door to our way back home. 

I ogle the light when is appears and starts to growing in size until it finally forms the door. Case kills the three tree people he has been fighting plus he managed to get Rachel and Adam free as well. Rachel and Adam run, to me, and I tell them to go through the door, and we will be right behind them. Case and Dominick are running towards the door by this time. Breaking the necks of any tree people in their way I am yelling for them to hurry I wasn’t sure how long the door would stay open. Case makes it to the door before Dominick. I watch in horror as more tree people than I can count surround Dominick. It’s like they all jump him at once. Dominick is fighting with everything he has in him. I yell “Case; we have to help him.” 

“You stay here I’ll help him.” Case yells already running back. I watch as he runs towards Dominick. But he doesn’t make it far when Dominick sees him and yells for him to stop. 

“There’s too many of them to fight. Get Lana the hell out of here, make sure she is safe!” Dominick yells.

 “NO” I scream and start running. Case grabs me around the waist; I fight him kicking and screaming. Yelling for him to let me go that we need to help Dominick but he doesn’t listen to me. Instead he starts dragging me toward the door I fight him the whole way. Watching as the tree people beat Dominick. I scream his name over, and over again. I see the light from the door and know Case is fixing to pull me through. I scream the one thing I want Dominick to know more than anything in the world. “Dominick I LOVE YOU!”

He turns his head toward me his eyes hold mine. “I LOVE YOU!” I yell again. Right before Case pulls me through the door, I see the tree people holding Dominick down while another one stabs him in the chest with a huge stick. I see his arms fall to his side. I realize I had seen this happen before, while I had been in the comma. I scream I know I am hysterical, but I can’t help it. I just watched the man I love die. My heart feels as if it has been ripped from my chest. My energy spent I pasted out wishing I had died back on the fairy realm with Dominick. 


CHAPTER 47
I wake up in my bed back on the keepers’ world. Sitting up I inspect my surroundings everything appears to be just like it had when I left. The only thing different is me. Getting some clothes together, I take them in the bathroom with me and take a long hot bath. Tears fall down my face as I lie back in the tub. I can’t stop the Images of Dominick dying from running through my mind. They play like a broken record over and over again as they race through my head tormenting me. It’s too much to deal with. I don’t know where I am supposed to go from here. Am I supposed to pick up and go on with life-like nothing happened? I can’t picture my life without seeing his beautiful face every day or hearing his deep baritone voice ever again. I cry until my tears go dry. Then I wash up and step out of the tub wrapping my towel around my body. Picking up my hairbrush, I examine myself for the first time in the mirror. My eyes are swollen and red. My face no longer hurts, and my nose appears as it always had been. I’m sure Summer and Harris had Sage come here and heal me as soon as Case brought me back home.

Taking the hairbrush with me, I go back to my bedroom and sit down on my bed. Pulling some of my hair across my shoulder, I start brushing it. I brush the same spot for over fifteen minutes when a knock sounds on my door. “Come on in” I say and watch as Summer steps in and sits down on the bed beside me. 

“How are you doing sweetie?”

“About as well as can be expected I guess.” 

“Would you like to talk about it?”

“I feel like I’m dying like my heart is being ripped from my chest. I’m hollow.”

“I know honey. I remember having that same feeling almost nineteen years ago when I had to leave you. I wish I could tell you it will get easier, but I can’t. I will tell you that you will learn to accept it over time, and the pain will lessen.”

“I left him there summer. He came there to get me, to save me. Now I’m here, and he’s gone. While I was in the comma, I realized my real feelings for him. I realized I loved him. I was going to wait and tell him after we had gotten back but when he told Case to take me and leave I yelled out at him and told him, I loved him.” Summer had taken the brush out of my hands and had started brushing my hair.

“At least you had the opportunity to tell him; a lot of people never have that chance.”

“You know you told me before I left going to the Cape that maybe I would be able to work my feelings out before I returned home. It seems you, we're right.” 

“Sweetie there’s something I need to tell you. God knows I rather not tell you at all, but you deserve to know.”

“What is it?”

“Years ago your father did a spell a binding spell. He was only doing what he thought was best.”

“What are you talking about?”

“Sweetie years ago your father did a binding spell. He bound you and Case together. That’s the reason you guys fell for each other so easy. That’s the reason you couldn’t understand how you could love Case and still have feelings for Dominick. Let me add the binding spell never would have worked if you hadn’t been attracted to Case first.” 

“You’ve known about this the whole time and your just now telling me” I demand my anger building.

“Yes I knew. The reason I didn’t say anything in the beginning was because Dominick wasn’t a keeper, and I knew there was no way you two could be together. I knew you loved him even if you wouldn’t admit it. That’s why I helped him when he petitioned the Angel council the last time. I knew if he became a keeper you two could be together without any ramifications. I was waiting on Harris to get back so he could break the spell binding you and Case together.”

“Did Case know about this?”

“NO…of course not his feelings for you have been as real as your feelings for him.”

“When did Harris do this?”

“It’s been a few years, but as soon as I told him how you felt about Dominick; he broke the spell. He feels horrible Lana; he thought he was doing the right thing at the time.” 

“You know I thought all the lies ended last year. I thought I could trust you.” I said jumping off the bed. 

“Lana honey I’m sorry please try to understand Harris made a mistake; he didn’t do it to hurt you.”

“It’s his fault Dominick’s dead! If he hadn’t bound me and Case together I would have been with him from the start!” My voice continued to grow in volume. All the pain I was suffering though turned to anger. 

“Lana you couldn’t have been with Dominick before he became a keeper. If you had been, and the Angel’s found out you would have been stripped of your powers and left alone.”

“That should have been my choice not yours. Get out! Get out of my room right now! I don’t want to see you I can’t deal with you right now!” I scream.

Summer tried to say something, but I run to my bathroom and lock the door. I sit there until I hear her leave. Going back to my bedroom I slip a pair of jeans and tee-shirt on and go to find Case. 

Knocking on his bedroom door, he tells me to come in. I walk in shutting the door behind me. Case is sitting on the side of his bed, so I walk over and sit down beside him. He stands up as soon as I sit down and walks over looking out his window.

“Did they tell you?” I asked.

Case stood there gazing out his window for the longest before he spoke. “Yeah Harris told me yesterday.”

“I’m sorry they did this to you Case. I’m sorry about everything.”

Case still looking out the window asked, “how long Lana?”

“How long what?”

He glares down at me from his place by the window. “How long we’re you seeing Dominick behind my back?” He demands

Anxiety and guilt hits me hard. I know Case deserved the truth, but he also needs to know it wasn’t the way he thought it was. “Case, Dominick and I were not seeing each other.” 

“Come on Lana stop playing me for the fool.” 

“Alright I’ll tell you everything you deserve that. I saw him for the first time the night; I first met you at the club when you told me I was a keeper. He picked me up after I had fought the demon. When I woke up here I assumed I had imaged him because of all the poison in my body. I saw him again when Lisa was showing me the weapons in the gym for the first time, and I had blinked myself by accident to Ireland. He helped me kill the vampires there. I didn’t see him again until the necromancers kidnapped me from the club the night we were there.” I grew quite not wanting to tell him the rest but knowing I owed it to him. “I guess that’s when I started having feelings for him.”

“Did you sleep with him?”

“Case what does that matter now. Do we really have to go through this?”

“You did, didn’t you?” Case said yelling anger written all over his face.

“Yes I did! Is that what you want to hear?” I yell right back at him.

“Damnit Lana we have been together for almost a year and we have never gone all the way with each other but yet you go and fuck him after knowing him for like two fucking seconds!

“Don’t you understand what we had is not real! Harris put a spell on us so we would fall in love what we felt was not real. I cry trying to make him understand. 

“Harris only put the binding spell on us three years ago Lana. I’ve been in love with you my whole fucking life! Trust me everything I felt was real and the hurt I’m feeling now is damn sure for real. I guess I know now that you never felt anything real towards me. You know what? Fuck you! You can go to hell for all I care. I’m done with this shit.” He roars before ramming his fist through the wall next to him.  

I sit there on Case’s bed watching as he walks out of his room slamming the door behind him. I have no tears left in me to cry. All I have is anger. Anger for what Harris has done. Anger at myself for the pain I have caused Case. If I had stopped and thought for just a minute I would have remembered how Case had always told me he had loved me even when he had been a child and too young to even know what love was. Numbness takes hold of my body a sense of being trapped overwhelms me making my flight instincts take hold. So I do the one thing I am best known for doing when things get to hard to deal with I leave. 


CHAPTER 48
For couple of weeks, I wonder around aimlessly I spent a few days in China before blinking myself to the U.K from there I go from country to country before finally blinking myself to Egypt being there makes me somehow feel closer to Dominick. I guess because of how the huts had been decorated in an Egyptian motif. I remembered the time we spent lying on the huge red and gold cushion. Dominick’s arms around me the one kiss we shared before he stopped us saying we couldn’t do this to Case. The same night he had told me he had petitioned the Angel’s council the last time with the help of Summer, so he and I could be together. 

I stay in Egypt longer than I stayed in any place. Feeling sorry for myself and thinking about what may have been. Deciding I would never go back to the keepers' world for what Harris and Summer had done and for what I had done to Case. I was through fighting demons and keeping the world safe. I know “Angel Michael” said war was coming, and I was needed. I was supposed to lead or something like that. However, they will have to find somebody else because I am done.
 I will find someplace to live and keep my mind blocked from the keepers and try to start my life over again for the second time in a year. It crosses my mind to move to Florida to be close to my human family. Maybe even make friends with them, but I let that thought die a fast death. I know the Angel’s and keepers will be keeping their eyes out there.

Deciding I will go someplace no one would ever consider. I end up in a small town in South Carolina, which works perfect for me. Blinking, myself to the beach I manifest myself a house identical to the one Lisa had made for us to stay in on the Cape. I had loved that house so much it seemed only fitting to make one for myself that looks just like it. I use an incantation on all the people living close by so they will think the beach house has been here for for years. 

The first two weeks in the house I never left. I would go outside and sit on the beach, but that was it. I manifest my food or anything else I need so I won’t have to have contact with people. At night, while I lay in bed I think about Dominick and how I had watched him die and done nothing to save him. I wonder how Case is doing and if he hates me as much as I hate myself. It has been a couple of months now since I’ve been gone from the keepers’ world and home sickness has set in.
 I think about Summer and Harris and how they betrayed me and how much they hurt me in doing so but yet I still miss them just the same. I miss everybody. I never even said good-bye to Lisa or Cain.

One day I decide it’s time for me to leave the house. It has been so long since I have spoken to a person, I’m sure if I will remember how. After showering and drying my hair, I let the heavy mass hang down my back in its natural wild waves. Slipping on a pair of old jeans with holes in the knees and a long sleeved black shirt I put on my sinkers and grab up a jacket before heading out the door. 

I walk around town for a few hours looking in a lot of the antique shops without buying anything. I speak to a few nice people along the way but have no real conversation with any of them. Seeing a riverboat restaurant I go in to grab a bit to eat. 

Walking in I read the sign saying, “seat yourself” I find a booth in the back as far away from other people as I can get. Picking up the menu that was already on the table I start reading what they have. The waitress comes up asking if I know what I want. Closing the menu, I order a cheese burger and fries with a cherry cola. 
Watching the waitress leave I glance around the riverboat restaurant. It’s a nice place really. Everywhere, I regard there is fish mounted on the walls. Lighthouses everywhere and what I assumed were pictures of ships and people bringing in fresh seafood. Great, I’m in a place that specializes in seafood, and I order a cheese burger and fries. My burger is probably going to taste like crap. The fries should be alright, though I mean people eat fries with seafood all the time. 

The waitress brings me my cherry cola and tells me my food should be ready shortly. I thank her giving her the first smile I have given anyone in almost two months. Observing the other customers in the place I see families sitting together laughing and enjoying their time together. I see couples holding hands sitting close to one another. 
I’m the only one in the whole place sitting alone. Deciding that looking at the other customers is making me more depressed then I already am I drop my head and concentrate on my cherry cola The waitress brings my burger and fries out a couple of minutes later along with an extra cherry cola She asked if I needed anything else. Searching the table and finding the ketchup there I tell her no and thank her. When she leaves I inspect my cheese burger for the first time and it looks really good. Picking it up I take a bite and realize it tastes as good as it appears.

I eat the whole thing along with the fries. It’s the most I’d eaten in the past few months. I knew I was a bone, but I’ve had no appetite and no matter how much I’d tried to make myself eat I couldn’t, I had just lost interest in food. The waitress come back around and asked how everything was. I tell her it was great and she asked me if I left room for desert. I tell her I couldn’t eat another bite if my life depended on it. She smiles at me as she lays the check on the table and tells me to have a great day then walks away. 

I was about to leave when I felt it. The feeling hit me like I was being slapped across the face. In a way, I guess I was. I watch as a male fairy walks up and sits down at the counter of the bar. He is like all other fairies you see. He’s handsome tall with a slim build blond hair blue eyes and flawless skin. He smiles at the young waitress behind the counter using his charms to get what he wants. Whether it’s to cause her problem's rune her life or simply trick her, so he can take her back to the fairy realm and make her into a slave I have no idea.  I see my waitress come to a table that is close to where I am seated so I get her attention, and tell her I’ve changed my mind about desert. Ordering a piece of chocolate pie and a refill on my cherry cola, I sit back and listen to the fairy as he flirts with the young girl behind the bar. 

The sight of him makes me sick and has my anger mounting a hundred times over, I’ve never laid eyes on him in my life, but it doesn’t matter he is a fairy, and I hate all of them. To me if you are fairy or a tree person, then you; we're responsible for Dominick’s death. Sitting there my anger grows tenfold. When the waitress brings out my pie and refills my cherry cola, I ask her where the restrooms are located at. After she tells me she leaves to attend to her other customers. I sprang from my seat, making my way to the bathroom as fast as I can. Eyeing myself in the mirror my face is red and my eyes are dilated from anger.

I know I can’t let another person be tricked, or killed, by a fairy or the tree people. Taking a deep breath, I do the only thing I know to do. Using my mind, I picture the Whoops back in the gym on the keepers’ world and manifest it to me. Knowing it is too big to hide I put it down by my side and walk out of the bathroom and go back to my table. Surveying the bar again I see the fairy still there working his charms on the poor girl who doesn’t know any better. Leaving enough money on the table to cover the bill plus a nice tip I go outside to wait for him.

It turns out to be a really long wait. I was hoping he would walk out the door by himself and not with the girl, but if the girl is with him one good hit in the face, will take care of her without doing too much damage to her face. Another hour goes by before the fairy walks out singing in his low musical voice. He’s alone. I follow him staying far enough back as not to clue him in, I am there. When he turns down a deserted back ally, I know he is fixing to open the door to the fairy realm and go through. I have to do something now if I am going to, or it will be too late. 

Without thinking I run up behind him throwing the whoops over the top of his head; he turns and stares me in the eyes. In a booming voice I yell “This is for you Dominick!” Right before drawing back my fist sending it through his chest cavity, blood gushes down my arm dripping to the ground. I locate the heart and pull it from the fairies' chest. Watching as he drops to the ground. Dropping the heart beside him, I know I should feel guilty for what I have done. The only thing a keeper is supposed to kill on sight is a demon. At no other times were we to kill anything unless it is fixing to kill someone else or trying to kill us. 
I stand there staring down at the fairy not an ounce of guilt do I feel for what I have done. I did, however get a little revenge for Dominick. Taking the whoops off the fairy I speak the word “Burn” and watch the fairy go up in flames until nothing is left of him. I blink the little ashes left into the ocean. Heading home that night I felt as if I had given a little payback for all the hell I have been suffering for the last few months. I start believing maybe there is a way I can make Prince Osier pay for what he has done. I will start taking out his fairies one by one. He will see what it is like to lose something he loves. Not that he really loves or cares about the fairies he rules over, but he does love and care about the power he has over the fairies. If I take his fairies away he will lose the one thing he loves most “Power.” 

Over the next month, I work on auto pilot going out every night blinking myself to different states or countries going to the places; I know fairies will be hanging out in. They love to be in places with lots of people. Those where the places they could wreak the most havoc. I count each kill as another victory for Dominick. I’ve managed to kill twenty two fairies. I lay awake at night wondering what Prince Osier is thinking. If he has any idea, it is me doing this. I hope he does. 

When the keeper part of me takes over, and I start giving thought about how wrong what I am doing is, I shut it off and remind myself I am no longer a keeper.  I did however notice the crime rate is way up and every day it seems like everything gets a little worse. I wonder if this is the beginning of the war Michael told me was coming. I would be lying to myself if I said it didn’t bother me, but I have complete trust in the ability of the keepers to handle anything. 

I go into a bar in Russia dressed in my usual keeper attire. Skin tight black leather hip hugging pants with a black leather button up low cut sleeveless shirt. Along with my ass kicking black leather boots, I find that wearing clothes like these leaves nothing for my enemy to grab hold of in a fight. I wore the boots just because I like them. I have my hair braided and pinned on top of my head leaving no chance of anything or anyone being able to snatch it in a fight. Gazing around I take a seat close to the door, so I can see who comes and goes. 

I hadn’t been sitting there long when I felt it. A fairy is in the room, but for some reason I can’t find him. That’s odd I’ve never had a problem spotting a fairy before. Their close, I can sense it, my eyes dart from place to place searching every spot for the fairy. I am taken by surprise when I hear a females voice say, “it’s you isn’t it?” 


CHAPTER 49
  Gawking at her, for a while I realize she is the fairy. It’s just that I had never seen a female fairy before, and I’m taken back by it. She sits down at my table and asks again if it I was fairy killer?”

“Who are you?” I question her playing dumb.

“I am Saurian my husband was among one of the first fairies you killed. I am forever in your debt. Because of you, I am no longer a slave to him. I have been sneaking out of the fairy realm nightly in search of you, to thank you and ask if I can help you. The women in our world are slaves and nothing more. I won’t go back to that life again even it means they kill me. I will welcome death before I am enslaved again.” 

“I don’t know what you’re talking about. You have the wrong person.” I tell her as I stand up from the table and head out the door. I am trying to decide if this is some kind of set up. I mean after all the females are slaves to their husbands maybe her husband has sent her here to find out who I am. I made it to the sidewalk when I hear the woman again.

“Wait please! I mean you no harm. I swear.”

Stopping I spin around to face the female fairy eyeing the woman who calls herself Saurian she is very pretty with long blond hair and blue eyes and pale skin. She is about my height and slim. She appears to be in her late twenties. 

“What do you want from me?”

“I want to help you. The women on our world that have not been enslaved by husbands yet all want to help you. You are our savior.”

“I'm no one's savior!” I state to her and start walking again. She follows me begging me to listen to her.
Glancing at her, I asked, “How do I know you’re not just doing as your husband ordered. You could be setting me up right now for all I know.”

“If you do not believe me, please kill me like you have all the male fairies you have thus far.” 

“I don’t want to kill you. I want you to leave me alone!”

“I can’t leave you alone you’re the only hope the fairy women have and we want to help you.”

“How can you help me? I asked.

“I will help you in any way I can. So will my friends you just need to tell me what you want us to do."

“Before I talk with you anymore or possibly take you to my home, I need to know if you are being honest with me. I can comb your mind and know if you are lying.” I state watching her closely for her reaction to my statement. But she stands strong her face giving nothing away. 

“Please do as you need to."

Closing my eyes I go deep in Saurian mind. Seeing how she has been beaten yelled at and made to do things no woman should ever be made to do. I see the man that was her husband and I remember killing him. I am glad I had been able to set this fairy woman free from her life of bondage. Opening my eyes I said, “Alright I believe you. I’m going home would you like to join me?”

“Yes I would most grateful savior."

“You’re welcome and my name is Lana not savior.” Taking Saurian by the hand, I blink us to my living room.

Saurian sits on the couch while I sit in my big chair with the ottoman. I asked her a lot of questions about how the women can be enslaved by the men when the women were fairies themselves. She informs me she isn’t sure why or how it happened. She said it had been that way for as long as she or her mother could remember. 

Blinking, us each a cup of coffee I question her on what the women expect me to do for them. Saurian tells me they want me to free them. She said they are all willing to die for the chance at freedom. I reply to her that I can’t kill all the male fairies, so I don’t see how I could possibly be able free them. That’s when she tells me if I could help and the women escape the fairy realm and get to earth, they will be free and the male fairies will have no power over them.

“If the female fairies aren’t allowed to leave the fairy realm, how did you leave?

“It’s not that we are forbidden to leave the realm. We can’t leave because we are never allowed to know, the incantation, so we are stuck there without a way to leave.” 

“Well you’re here now so you must know the incantation. How did you find it out?”

“After you killed my mate, I went to tell Prince Osier, and I overheard him talking with the tree people about how his fairies were being killed, and that he had a good idea about who was doing it. Then he told the tree people to change the incantation. I listened to him as he quoted to the tree people what he wanted the new incantation to be, and I memorized it. I left and went back to my hut and wrote the words down before I could forget. Then I went back to the prince and told him my mate had been killed.”

“How did you know your mate had been killed?”

“When a woman is mated to a male fairy, he controls her body and mind. When I could have my own thoughts, I knew he was dead. I thank you for giving me my mind and body back to me Lana.”

“I’m glad you have your freedom back Saurian I am honored I could help you. But why not just give the other women the incantation and let them open the door and leave on their own?”

“That would never work if Prince Osier saw the women disappearing, he would change the incantation again, and we will never get another opportunity like this.”

“Why don’t you get all the women together and open the door and all of you leave at the same time?”

“If one of the male fairies or the tree people saw us; he could stop us with just one word they have that much control over our minds without even being mated to us.”

“Then how could I help you?”

“It seems the male fairies cannot control you. You can kill them; you hold the power to free us. All you have to do is come back to the fairy realm with me. I can keep you hid so no male fairies will know you are there. Let me get the women together and open the door; you stand guard at the door until all the women are through then you follow behind us.”

“Saurian I can’t say that I will or won’t help you. Why don’t you let me sleep on it tonight, and I’ll let you know something tomorrow? You’re more than welcome to use one of the extra bedrooms to sleep in tonight if you want.”

“There is no way I can do that I must go back to the realm before I am missed. A few of the other women have been lying for me every night for the past two weeks while I’ve came in search for you each night. I must be leaving now, but I will return tomorrow night to get your answer. Please remember you’re our only hope.”

“I promise I’ll think about everything you’ve said.”

“I will see you tomorrow night Lana my new friend.” I watch Saurian walk out my front door knowing she will walk to the edge of the water and open the door returning to the fairy realm. 
Going to my bedroom, I pull off my leathers and pull on a night shirt. Taking the pins out of my hair letting the braid fall down my back I craw in my king-sized bed and pull the covers over me. Lying there I realize for the first-time that my birthday has come and gone and I had forgotten it all about it. I’m nineteen now. God my life has become so bad that I have forgotten my own birthday. Normal girls my age are on top of the world about turning nineteen they look forward to it for months. But most girls my age also don’t kill demons fight Satan himself or go to the fairy realm and be held hostage nor do they fall for a guy, who is part Angel and has a mother that is a vampire then have to watch him die at the hands of tree people. Plus let’s not forget the boyfriend her father bound her to. 

I know without doubt I would have ended up dating Case anyways. Harris never had to bind us together for that to happen. The reason I know this for a fact is because of the way I am missing him and the spell has been lifted but I still crave his presents. If I had never encountered Dominick I would have been happy spending the rest of my life with Case. He is perfect in every way. I miss him so much. I miss the closeness we shared. I miss the way he would hold me in his arms. Making me feel safe, and protected, he made me happy. I remember how we always were together. But I destroyed all of that. With that thought in mind I decide that tomorrow night I will be telling Saurian I will help her free the fairy women. I will do that for Dominick because I know he would have done the same thing for these women. But it’s over after that it’s time for me to go home. I miss my family it’s time I start over again and let Dominick go. 

I know whatever war is coming is going to be bad. I can’t let my friends and family fight without me. It’s also time to see what Case and I are like together without the binding spell. I do have feelings for him and if over time something develops between us again I will give it everything I have in me. I can’t continue to live my life in the past it’s not who I am, or who I want to be. 


CHAPTER 50
The next day I lay around the house, for a long time before finally going for a walk on the beach and picking up a few seashells. I spent the whole day doing a lot of nothing. Sitting on the couch I wonder what time Saurian will show back up. I was ready to help her, and the other women escape the horrible lives; they have been made to endure for all these years. I am also ready to go home. Somehow in the last few months I have gotten over my anger with Harris and Summer. The past is the past, and it’s time for me to look toward the future, and my future is in the keepers’ world fighting to keep the world safe. I know in my heart Dominick wouldn’t want me to be doing the things I’ve been doing. At least, one good thing is coming out of this mess and that is being able to help these women escape a life of being slaves to the male fairies. 
It’s just after six, and I am eating a bowl of Ravioli and watching an old episode of happy days on the nickelodeon channel when Saurian walks through my door.

“My God you scared the shit out of me! Don’t you know how to knock?”

“I am sorry; I'm afraid I’m not used to the customs on this earth world.”

“Well one custom is you never walk in some one's house until you knock, and they tell you to come in!” I reply sarcastically.

“I will remember that Lana. I’m truly sorry.”

“Make sure you do. You’re in now so you may as well sit down.”

“What is this thing you are looking at? How are you able to watch what these people are doing? Is this how you are able to find out where the fairies are going to be before you go kill them?”

“You’re joking right?”

Saurian gawks at me like she doesn’t understand why I asked her such a question. Thinking back to it I don’t remember ever seeing a television the whole time I was on the fairy realm. If the women there had not been able to leave the fairy realm, it made since that they wouldn’t know what a TV is. It’s almost impossible to believe that I am sitting here with a woman who has never seen a television in her life that’s freaking unbelievable.

“It’s called a TV it’s used on earth as a form of entertainment.” Saurian still studies me as if I am crazy. She doesn’t have the slightest idea what I am talking about. Turning the TV off, I tell her “I’ll explain it to you at another time.” 

“Have you decided whether you will help us or not?” Saurian asked as she rings her hands together.

“Yes I‘m going to help you, but I’ll need to know everything you can tell me about the fairy realm. How it works and if you know of any way I can keep my powers once I get there?”

“Why would you think you wouldn’t have your powers on the fairy realm?”

That’s when I finally understand that Saurian has no idea I have ever been on the fairy realm before. She really doesn’t have the slightest idea who I am. 

“I was on the fairy realm a few months ago, and I lost my powers, as soon as I arrived there.”

“Really?” I never knew that. But I can assure you that you will not lose your powers.”

“I lost them the last time I was there so how can you be sure?” I question. 
“If you lost them the last time you were on our realm it was due to Prince Osier blocking them not anything to do with the realm itself” Saurian states confidently. 

“The prince told me he had nothing to do with it, he said the fairy realm it’s self-stopped my powers from working. According to him it had something to do with the incantation the first fairies had done as a safe guard to protect their world.”

“The prince lied to you. In case you haven’t figured it out yet you can’t believe anything a male fairy says. The prince knew the moment you entered the world, and he took your powers. I never knew you were there but the women of our world are never allowed to know much of anything. How did you get away?”

That was a story I didn’t want to tell. It would bring up memories I was working hard not to think about. “It’s a long story maybe I’ll tell you another time but right now I need you to tell me everything you know. Furthermore, if I get the women out that are already slaves to their mates will that break the spell the male fairies have over them?”

“Yes, if they can leave the fairy realm that will break the males hold on them but Lana; I don’t think that will be possible the women can’t think for their self. Their minds and bodies belong to the males and there're too many of them for you to kill. Plus the tree people will stop you; they may be small, but they are very strong.” 

“Saurian I’ll grantee you if you can get me in the fairy realm, and I’m able to keep my powers, I will get all the women out including the ones that are already slaved. Trust me when I tell you I’ll be the male fairies and the tree people worst nightmares."

Saurian tells me everything she knows about the realm. We discuss the place we will open the door and led the women through. I question her on how they will make it when they all leave the realm. She informs me they haven’t thought that far ahead but with what powers they have they should be able to provide for themselves. We talk for over an hour setting a date for the next week for everything to take place. Our conversation started to die down with all our plans completed. I am about to turn the TV back on and try to explain to her what it is and how it works when she asked me if she can ask me one question about when I had been on the fairy realm. I start to tell her I didn’t want to discuss any of my time there with her, but then I thought her question may have some importance to what we may be facing next week.
“Sure what’s your question?”
“I did over hear the men talking about someone leaving the fairy realm I just didn’t know what they were talking about. Any ways I heard them saying the people left one of their animal’s there when they left. Later, I found out it was a man. Was that you, they were talking about?”

Feeling my anger rise at the thought of them referring to Dominick as an animal makes my blood boil. I can’t wait to go back to the fairy realm with my powers and make all the males there pay for what they have done.

“Yes that was me, along with some of my friends who left but we never left the man you’re talking about there. We saw the tree people kill him. There was nothing we could do. It killed me to leave him there but we had no choice.

“Lana I don’t know what you thought you saw, but that man is not dead. I’m sure he wishes he were with all the beatings he has taken at the hand of the tree people. I’ve heard they beat him daily to keep him weakened.” 


CHAPTER 51
I can’t breathe. Oxygen won’t go into my lungs as much as I try to make it. Could it really be true? My Dominick is still alive; My Greek God isn’t dead she has to be wrong. I saw the tree people put the stake through his chest. I saw his body go limp. “You’re wrong Saurian I saw him being killed.”

“I don’t know what you saw Lana but trust me, he is very much alive I’ve seen him with my own eyes when they’ve taken him out of the cage they keep him locked away in and beat him and laugh about how they have broken him.” 

“Are you sure about this Saurian?”

“I am sure Lana your friend is not dead, but he is no longer the man you once knew. He is like a whipped animal. I do not know if there is any hope for him, I’m truly sorry my friend.”

“When we go to get the women out, we will be taking Dominick with us” I inform her feeling truly alive for the first time in months. 

“I do not know if that is possibly he is well guarded all the time. There is no way we could ever get close enough to rescue him. I’m not even sure he could walk if we we're able to get to him.”

“You let me worry about that part. I need you to do me a favor. Please try to check on him for the next week until I can get to him.”

“I can’t get close enough to do that.”

“You don’t have to talk to him just try to get close enough to make sure he’s still alive that’s all I ask.”

“You have my word my friend; I will do my best.”

“Thank you Saurian” I said jumping to my feet and pulling her into a hug. I’m more grateful to to her to her than she could ever imagine.

“I must go now. I’ve been gone way to long as it is. I will return tomorrow night.”

“Please be careful Saurian if they find out you are leaving every night you will surely be killed along with your friends. You’re the only hope we have of getting your friends and Dominick out of the fairy realm alive.” I hug her again before watching her walk out the door.

I spend the rest of the night unable to sleep. I go running on the beach with thoughts of Dominick, and the fact that he is still alive playing through my head. I will bring him home next week, or I would die trying. It makes me sick to think he has been on the fairy realm being tortured for the last few months. I will make the men of the fairy realm pay dearly for this. If it’s possible there realm will be destroyed by the time I leave it for the second time.

I make it back to my house as the sun is starting to rise. I have been running the whole night without even realizing it .After taking a shower I slip on a night shirt, and braid my hair before closing the blinds in my bedroom and lying down. When I fall asleep, I dream of Dominick and how happy he will be to see me. In my dream, we go back to the keepers’ world and fight side by side then fall in bed together at night and make love as he tells me how much he loves me before we fall asleep holding each other.

When I wake up the sun is going down and all I can think about is I am another day closer to seeing Dominick again. Getting out of bed I slip on a pair of sweat pants and pull a long-sleeved shirt on before blinking myself a cup of coffee. I go outside and sit on my front porch to enjoy what little day light is left. I am still sitting in the same spot when Saurian walks up.

“Hey come on up and grab a seat.” I say watching as she sits down in the rocker beside mine. She has a solemn look on her face that makes my heart sink is she going to tell me Dominick is dead that I am too late to save him. 

“What’s wrong?" I asked putting my coffee cup down on the table beside me afraid I may break it in my hands.

“Lana I saw your friend.”

“Is he dead? Is that what has that crushed look on your face?” I demand needing to know but at the same time scared to death at what her answer might be. Before she told me he was still alive I had begun to accept his death I had started putting my life back together again, but all of that changed yesterday. If she tells me, he’s gone now I’m not sure I can live through losing him a second time.

“No Lana he’s not dead, but maybe he would be better off if he were. I got close enough to him last night to try to talk to him but all he did was lie there with dead eyes staring into space. He never spoke or moved. I’m not sure you would recognize him; I don't know if there’s any of him left. I’m sorry to tell you this, but I want to be honest with you. I want to make sure you understand what I'm telling you. Your friend will be different after what all he's gone through. He won't be the same friend you thought you saw die months ago.”

I felt tears try to fall. I held them back because I knew it didn’t matter what shape Dominick was in. When I get him out of there and back on the keepers’ world, Sage will help him. I saw what Sage did for my earth parents, and if he could bring them back from the Hell they had been in, I knew he could help Dominick.

“Saurian thank you for risking your life to check on Dominick and don’t worry as long as he’s not dead when we get him out of the fairy realm, I know someone that can help him. I hate to ask you but please just check on him nightly and make sure he is still alive.” 

“I give you my word that I will check on him every night Lana. You are putting your life in danger by helping the women on my world it is the least I can do to check on your friend at night.”

“Don’t risk getting that close to him again. The guards could catch you; it's too dangerous. Just try to get a look at him from a distance. Remember this as long as a guard is there that means he’s still alive. If he were dead they wouldn’t be standing watch over him.”

Saurian and I sat in the quiet for a while before I asked her if she felt like taking a walk on the beach. I had to do something with my body. I know after she leaves tonight I will be running again. There’s still six days left before I can go back to the fairy world. The reason we are waiting is because on Saturday, all the single women will come together to pray to whatever “God” it is the male fairies tell them to pray to. Get this the males have them pray that one of the males will mate them and make them their slave. Is that sick or what? Well, this time the women are going to get there real prayers answered. They are going to be set free. 

The sorry sons-of-bitch’s have treated these women horrible not to mention what they have done to Dominick, and I am more than happy to be the one to bring them down. Saurian has no idea what powers I actually have, and I haven't told her. She will find out soon enough. When I enter the fairy realm this time it is going to be completely different. 

“Lana thank you for sharing this beautiful place with me, I am honored to have you as my friend. I’m afraid it is time for me to take my leave you now. I must get back.” This time I stood on the beach watching as she opens the door and goes back to the fairy realm.
 

CHAPTER 52 
Every night Saurian visits me and we eat and talk, walk on the beach. I soon realize she has become a really good friend, and I know after all this was over, I will make sure our friendship continues. After she leaves at night I run, matter fact over the last four days, I have run more than what most people ever run in their lives. I run so my body will be exhausted hoping it will help my mind shut down, and I’ll be able to sleep.

However, when I go to bed, my thoughts turn Dominick then my mind wonders from that to go on to my family and friends in the keepers’ world. I can’t count the times I thought about blinking myself to my house on the keepers’ world to tell my family; I love them and miss them and to let them know about Dominick being alive. The only thing that always changes my mind is Case. My brain goes back to the last time I saw him and how angry he had been with me. He had stared at me with such hatred in his eyes. I’ll never forget the way he left his bedroom and the sound of him slamming the door leaving me alone sitting on his bed. He had never raised his voice at me before that day and I never want him to talk to me or look at me with such hatred again.

 He has always loved me, doing anything and everything he could to make me happy. All these months I’ve been away has told me one thing and that is that even though my father broke the binding spell he had on us, I still care about him. I still love him. I just love Dominick more. The idea of seeing Case again knowing he might hate me scares the shit out of me. So every- time I start to blink myself back to the keepers’ world I change my mind to afraid to see him. 
 I’ve already decided I will be returning home after I help Saurian and the other women escape the fairy realm, even before I knew about Dominick being alive but now with him alive, and the shape Saurian says he’s in; I know there will be no chickening out. I will have to get him to Sage, so he can help him. I will also have to face Case and try to make mend’s with him. Plus somehow make him understand that I will be with Dominick but that he will always remain my closest friend. 

Taking a shower and pulling on my night shirt, I flip the TV on and search the channels until I find one of the old happy days' episodes I love so much. Lying down I pull a blanket off the back of the couch and cover up. I fall asleep at some point during the third episode. 

The sun shining through the windows wake me up. I decide that today I am just going to lay around maybe read some and relax until Saurian shows up tonight for her visit. I want to make sure I am well rested because tomorrow night I go back to the fairy world and to war. This time though I can’t wait to get there, I’ll have my powers and there is going to be a lot of tree people and male fairies that I am looking forward to seeing. 

The day passed slowly I read, watched TV, read some more. I went for a walk on the beach sat on my front porch and drank tea and watched the sun set. Then I went in the house and to fix something for Saurian and I to eat instead of blinking something in. It’s just another way to pass the time until she gets here.

I finish cooking homemade chicken and dumplings like my earth mother used to make that I had always loved, but Saurian still hasn’t arrived. By eleven O’clock I know she isn’t coming and that something must be wrong. Has she been caught? Have they killed her and maybe the other women too? I walk the floors not knowing what to do. I have no way of getting to the fairy world to check on her. If she doesn’t show up tomorrow how am I supposed to get to her and the women plus Dominick? 

I continue pacing the hardwood floors almost the whole night trying to come up with an idea, but nothing comes to mind. It is after four in the morning when I finally fall off to sleep on the couch. 

When I wake up it’s after lunch time. I go take a shower still trying to come up with a way I can get a door opened to the fairy realm. I hear my door bell ring, I jump out of the shower wrap a towel around me without taking time to dry off as I run through the house praying it will be Saurian. 

Snatching the door open I see her standing there. Pulling her in the house, I hug her telling her how worried I have been and that I thought she had been caught. Letting her go, I step back and asked, “What the hell happened?”

“I am sorry if I worried you my friend but Prince Osier showed up at my house last night and decided he would take me for his mate now. I convinced him that I was interested, but I needed until tonight to cleanse myself of my past mate before I could give myself to him. He seemed to believe me, but by the time he left the house it was almost day light.”

I pull her into another hug not only happy that she is alright but also feeling sorry for the pressure; I'm positive that Prince Osier has put on her. While I am hugging her I promise her she won’t have to worry about Prince Osier after tonight nor will she ever have to worry about becoming a slave to any man again.
Releasing her, I ask if she can stay or if she need to leave and come back tonight to get me? She tells me she will be staying with me the rest of the day then we will open the door and go back to the fairy realm together tonight.

We spend the rest of the day talking, laughing and watching TV which Saurian has really taking a liking to. When we get hungry I manifest us pizza yet another thing she has never heard of. She moans after her first bite then tells me she has never tasted anything so good in all her life. When she takes her first bite she moans in ecstasy before swearing to me she has never tasted anything so good in all her life. I end up having to manifest a second pizza for myself because she laid claims to the first one and refused to share with me. Glancing at the clock, I see it’s getting close to time for us to head out so I excuse myself to go get ready. I leave Saurian enjoying my left over pizza as I head for my bedroom. Once I have my leathers on I then proceed to braid my hair before pining it on top of my head. I am more than ready for tonight and what lies ahead. Walking back to the living room, I see Saurian has now finished off both pizzas. I’m laughing as I shake my head at her, “You are going to turn into a pizza you ninny if you keep eating it like that. She laughs at me and tells me she couldn’t stop herself that she had never tasted anything so like it before. After that things so go quite between us as we both realize what we are about to do and what will happen if we fail. 

 “Are you ready to do this?” I question

“Yes I’m ready whenever you are my friend.”

“You’re sure the women will all be at the circle by now?”

“I am sure. I know they are all there waiting for us.”

“Alright listen to me Saurian this is really important. You told me you will open the door at the circle right?”

“When we go through the door we will be at the cleansing circle yes”

“Ok this is what you’re going to have to do. As soon as we get there it’s your job to start making the women go through the door right then. Make sure to tell them to stay where they're at when they come out on the other side and wait for you and I to get back to led them on.” 

“Ok I understand.”

“Great it’s also going to be up to you to make sure that every time the door closes you reopen it right then. I hate to make you do this, but you are going to have to stay there with the door and make sure all the women go through. You will have to keep the door open and wait until I’m able to get back with Dominick, and the three of us will go through the door together. At no time are you to leave the door you have nothing to worry about. I won’t let anything happen to you. You may not be able to see me or know where I’m at, but I will always be able to see you, and I swear to you I won’t let anything or anyone hurt you.” 

“Lana I do believe you; I trust you with my life my friend.”

“Thank you Saurian that means a lot to me, now here’s the last thing, no matter what you hear or see you still don’t leave the door. As long as you are at the door you will be safe. You don’t have to worry about me; I can take care of myself, but there may be quite a few male fairies and tree people that may hate to see me.” I tell her smiling.

With everything said and Saurian knowing what she has to do we walk to the beach. I stand by her as she says the incantation to open the door. We stand there watching as the light grows in size until it becomes the door. We walk through without another thought.  


CHAPTER 53
I was shocked when we came out of the door on the other side. I guess hadn’t prepared myself to see this vast number of women. There has to be at least a hundred sets of different eyes staring back at me. I wasn’t excepting this many women but there’s nothing I can do about it not. I’ll have to come up with a plan on how to house them when we get back to earth. Right now I just need to make sure they all get out of here. Turning to Saurian, I tell her “Start sending the women through and don’t forget what I told you stay by this door no matter what.” 

Closing my eyes I sense for Dominick’s location. I see him straight away I also see the guards watching over him. Opening my eyes I see Saurian is sending the women through as fast as they can go. She has the women all lined up and has them walking thought two at a time. The line is moving smoothly. Turning away I blink myself to where Dominick is being held now that I know she has everything under control. 

The shock on the guards faces' when they see me materialize in front of them is almost funny. I smile at them. “Hi, remember me?” I tell them and then watch as they begin to make their way towards me, I whisper, “Burn!”  Then enjoy watching them go up in flames before dropping to their death. Running to the cage I give the door a jerk breaking the lock. Walking in I see Dominick lying on the ground. I wouldn’t have known it was him had I not already known he was here.
  He is so skinny. I can see his ribs sticking out through his tattered clothes. His once beautiful black hair has lost its luster and is now tangled and matted from not being brushed or washed in months. It’s no longer tide back the way he always kept it. His clothes or what little is left of them are dirty and ragged. Kneeling beside him, I turn him over and lose my breath at what I see. His beautiful face is beaten, his eyes are swollen shut, and he has burn marks coving his face and body. I say his name, but he doesn’t open his eyes or reply. I shake him, calling his name again still no answer, I take him by the arms and start pulling him up, and he starts screaming.

“NO MORE I CAN’T TAKE ANY MORE, PLEASE KILL ME; I BEG OF YOU!” He screams. 

I try telling him it’s me and I’m here to take him home. But he acts as if he can’t hear me. I lay him back down on the ground deciding he will be safer here while I do what I have to do. Now that I know where he is and that he is alive I feel safer leaving. Leaning down I whisper to him “I’m going to make them pay for what they have done to you. Then I am going to take you home. You’re safe now. I love you.” I kiss his cheek before standing back up and walking out of his makeshift cell. 

Once I’m out of Dominick’s cage I head north prepared to kill anything that tries to stop me. I hope Prince Osier is ready to meet his maker because today is going to be his day of reckoning. I hope he burns in hell for what he has done. I want to watch him when he takes his last breathe. As I head into the village, I begin setting the huts on fire when the males run out, I either set them on fire, or I simply tell them to die. When the women run out most of them with children, I speak to their minds telling them to go to the circle and go through the door. I do notice however that a lot of the women have male children, but I can’t kill a child the only thing I can hope for is that the women teach these boys a new of life. 

The tree people try to come at me from every way they can only to be sent up in flames. I’m searching for the prince and am determined that I won’t stop until I find him. I felt when the tree people started entering the circle, going after Saurian and the other women. I picture them in my mind bursting into flames. I see the shock and horror on Saurian face as she watching them burn. Speaking to her mind, I tell her “everything is fine you are doing a great job. Just make sure all the women that come to the circle go through the door the children with them”. The tension leaves her body and she relaxes at once at the sound of my voice in her head.

Coming up on the hut I know belongs to Prince Osier, I yell for him to come out. I wait for a reply knowing the prince is too arrogant to let a woman stand here calling him out, and him do nothing about it. I give him a few minutes. When nothing happens, I sat his house on fire when he still doesn’t come out I know he’s not there.
 I try to get as mental location on him but I’m unsuccessful at doing so. Giving up I examine my surroundings to see what is left of the village once I realize there’s not much left but even a little is too much. Throwing my hands out in front of me fire shoots from the tips of my fingers setting everything left ablaze. I head back towards Dominick as I walk I send out a metal message to any women that may be left telling them to head to the circle and go through the door. Looking around at the trees I know without doubt I will not leave a single one of them standing. Before I go throw the door I will burn every one of them down. If I don’t they will continue to birth tree people and I can’t allow that to happen. 

“Awe…my beautiful princess I knew you would come back.” 
Spinning around at the sound of his voice I come face to face with the Prince. He is standing there as cocky and proud as the last time I laid eyes on him. 
“If you knew I would come back why didn’t you get better better prepared Osier. I demand.”

“How do you know I didn’t princess?”

“For starters I don’t believe for a minute you would have just let me come here and destroy your world. Kill your male fairies and the tree people.” Is my reply to him.

“See princess that is where you are wrong. I do not care what happens to any of them. You have set me free, Thanks to you; I no longer have to remain here looking out for such fools.”

“If you call me killing you, setting you free, then you’re welcome it’s going to be my pleasure.”

“Princess I must say, you are the most magnificent creature; I have ever laid my eyes on. Watching as you went through my world killing anything that stood in your path, being in command with all your powers and the courage and pride in your steps takes my breath away. I see why you have men willing to die for you.” 

“Yeah now it’s your turn to die for me.” 

“If you kill me princess you will also be killing the man you love or should I say one of the men you love. I have bound your Dominick to me tonight so if I die, then he dies.”

“You’re lying!” I retort, my voice sounds confident but the rest of me is shaken up because I’m not sure if he is lying or not and I can’t get a mental read on him to tell if he’s telling the truth or not. What if I kill him and in the process I kill Dominick? Is that a chance I’m willing to take. 

“Are you sure about that princess? Is that a gamble you are ready for? If so go ahead, kill me and see what happens.”

I stand there contemplating what I should do. Staring at Prince Osier he is dressed as he always is with a suit and his short blond hair falling over his eyes. I know fairies lie but is he doing so right now? That’s not something I’m willing to test out.

“I can see by the look on that beautiful face of yours that you do somewhat believe me, and it’s good for your thing for your young man that you do. Before I take my leave I have a secret I want to share with you. So listen up “The one thing you want most in the world is the one thing I am going to be responsible for you never having. I can’t wait for you figure out what it is because I know once you do you will think about me every time you know you will never have it.” Now I must be going. Ta ta beautiful until we meet again.

I watch as Prince disappears in front of my eyes. I contemplate for a moment whether or not I made the right decision by letting him go but I can’t worry about that now. I need to get back to Dominick and get him to the door. I’m sure Saurian is getting really worried about me with everything burning.

I blink myself back inside the cage with Dominick; he is still lying in the same position he was in when I left him. I try to wake him, without success but that might be for the best. With him being disoriented he will fight me with everything he has in him. Mater fact I need to make sure he stays asleep. Bending down I caress his cheek with my fingers before letting my mind melt with his. I put him in a deep sleep and bind it to keep him from waking up. When my mind leaves his I take his hand into mine then I blink us to the circle. Saurian is the only one left and she is waiting on us. 

“What happened? Where has all the fire come from? How did you convince all these women to come and to go through the door? They even brought their children with them. I’ve never seen a slaved women do what they just did.”

“I swear I’ll answer all your questions later but right now we need to get out of here. Do you mind helping me pull him through the door?”

“Oh yes of course I will” she answers already taking his other arm.
 As Saurian and I start through the door pulling Dominick as we go I yell out “burn trees and never live again.” 


CHAPTER 54
 Saurian and I come out of the door dragging Dominick, with us as we do. It would have been so much easier if I had been able to blink him through the door but since I couldn’t the only choice left was for us to drag him. He may have lost weigh but he is still heavy. Standing up and releasing him I stretch my back and Inspect all the women and children around me. The hundred I first saw when I got to the fairy realm has now doubled in size. The first thing I need to do is change the size of the house. I need to have room for all these women and children. 

Closing my mind off to all the noise around me I concentrate on picturing what I need to manifest. I triple the size of my house then I see that is still not going to be big enough. So I stay with the same floor plan but make it the size of a small a hotel. Seeing it in my head I know that it will still be a tight fit but it will work. I add on a chief size kitchen equipped with everything. I add in a built in freezer then sock it with food after that I make another full sized room off of the kitchen making in a pantry then I stock it with food as well. After adding furniture to all the rooms along with smart TV’s I’m done. I know anything else they need I can add it when they tell me. Glancing down at Dominick, I know I will have to leave him sleeping until I can get all these women settled for the night, then I will leave and take him back to the keepers’ world. But for right now I need to blink him to my bedroom here until I’m done. Once I do that I turn my attention back to the women and children in front of me.

  I tell them all to follow me, before I start walking towards the house. I yell over my shoulder to the women telling them that Saurian will be in command and we will see that they all get fed and a place to rest. I promised the women that had been enslaved that Saurian would explain everything that is going on to them if they could just hold off a little longer.
Saurian appears at my side and whispers in a voice only I can hear “I can’t explain what I do not understand myself Lana.”

“I will tell you everything after we get back to the house”. Looking at her, I smile “you did a good job Saurian. You saved all these women and because of you their lives will be different now. You should be proud of what you accomplished.” 

Smiling with confidents for the first time she says “thank you”  

"You’re our savior Lana we will never be able to repay you for what you did tonight.”
‘
 “You don’t owe me a thing I’m the one that should be thanking you. It’s all because of you that I was able to get Dominick off of that realm. Now come on let’s get these women settled.”

“How are we going to fit all these women in your home? I know it’s big, but it's not big enough to hold this many people.”

“I’ve already taken care of that.” 

We continue making our way to the house it doesn’t take long before it comes in sight. It doesn’t take long for Saurian to notices the house has has changed and now is the size of a hotel.

“How did this happen? How did you do this?”

Smiling I said, “I told you I would tell you everything, as soon as we get the women and children inside and somewhat settled.”

Even with the house being as big as I made it, it’s still a tight squeeze with all these people in it. The house now had thirty five bedrooms and sixty bathrooms. I made each bedroom big enough to hold five twin sized beds plus I blinked in fold away beds for the living room that is now bigger than the gym we have in the house back on the keepers’ world. Saurian started assigning rooms to the women and children, right away while I went to the kitchen to see what it looked like. It’s now the size of a school cafeteria and it’s completely stocked. There is enough food to last at least a week. But I’ll be in and out of here daily and can restock anything they need or might run out of. 

Once I leave the kitchen I locate Saurian and ask her to come with me to my bedroom. I tell her that I am going to have to leave so I can get Dominick back to my world so he can get help.

“Is he alright he hasn’t woken up during any of this”? She asked.

“I put him to sleep; he is fine or as fine as he can be considering he has been starved and beaten half to death.”

“How were you able to put him to sleep, for that matter how have you been able to do everything you’ve done”?

“Saurian I’m a keeper do you know what that is?”

“No…I don’t believe I’ve ever heard of that. Are you some kind of witch?”

“No…I said and laughing; I'm far from a witch. I’m a world keeper. God created my race. I am part Angel and part God. That simply means that God took his blood and the blood of an Angel and created us. We fight evil, mostly demons; our job is to keep people safe. That’s the reason I have the powers I do. We have our own world called the keepers’ world it’s kind of like the fairy realm. The only people that are allowed to live on my world are keepers and Angels. Well, the sage’s live there as well, but like us, they are all holy. If you are not of holy blood, there’s no way for you to enter my world. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you all this before, but I’ve been gone from the keepers’ world for a few months. I had some things I had to work through so I left for a while. I’m telling you all this because I have to go back there tonight. Right now to be exact, I have to get Dominick back there so he can be helped.” 

“I knew you we’re special Lana; I could feel it, but to think your part God, part Angel makes me want to drop to my knees in front of you.”

“Trust me I may be part Angel, but I’m no God! He just blessed me with his blood to help fight the evils of the world and if you ever drop to your knees in front of me or anyone else I will kick your ass.” I tell her then we both laugh.

“If you leave now I don’t think I can do this by myself. I need your help.”

“Saurian you don’t need me; you are a strong woman and will deal with this just fine, but don’t worry I’m not leaving you; I'll be blinking in and every day to check on you and the other women. I’ll be here to help you get them all settled. I swear I’m not going to abandon you. You’re my friend, and I‘ll be here for you as long as you need me to be. I just have to get him back; he needs help and the only ones that can help him are in the keepers’ world.” 

Saurian hugs me and tells me to go and get help for my friend. Hugging her back, I promise her I will see her tomorrow. She releases me from the hug after a few minutes. 
 “Until tomorrow then my dear friend thank you for all you have done for me and my people.”

“Friends help friends it’s what they do, you never have to thank me for anything.”

Walking over to Dominick, I once again take his hand interlocking our fingers together and blink us to the keepers’ world. 


CHAPTER 55 
I blink us to Dominick’s bedroom. Once we get to his bedroom I then blink to his bed. After covering him up with the blankets I lift the sleep rune I over him. He continued to sleep soundly however I did notice an expression of pain came back across his face. Running my fingers ever so lightly on his cheek, I tell him he is home now and that Sage will have him back as good as knew before long.

Throwing my senses out I search for my parents locating them in the library I decide to walk there instead of blinking myself into the room and maybe scaring the shit out of them, considering it has been months since they have seen me. I know I could lift my veal that I have been hiding myself with, and they would know I am here within seconds, but I’d rather see them for the first time on my terms. 
Leaving Dominick’s room I make my way down the long walkway soaking up the beauty of the place I have missed for months. The pictures of my ancestors covering the walls, the high ceilings all colored the mother of pearl. Gold Angel statues’ everything I have missed so much I have again. I have missed my family and friends and can’t wait to see them. Most of all I have missed Case, and hope he will be as happy to see me as I know I will be to see him.

Going down the beautiful arched steps, I take a deep breath preparing myself for seeing my parents for the first time in over four months. I’m not sure if they will be happy to see me or if they will be mad because I left. Walking in the library, I see them both bent over the desk looking at something and talking with each other.

“Hello”…I say and watch as both heads lift in my direction like they have seen a ghost. I stand there waiting for them to make the next move. Not sure how I will react if they start yelling at me or tell me to leave.

Ultimately, Summer started screaming running toward me; she pulls me into a hug. She is crying telling me how worried they have all been. How sorry she is and that she couldn’t believe I am home. She went on and on, and I let her. Hugging her back so hard it is a wonder she could breathe. When she eventually lets me go Harris is standing next her. I see he is crying as well, this big powerful man the king of the keepers world is crying. I’m blown away. 

Without saying a word I throw myself at him hugging him and telling him how much I missed him and how sorry I am for leaving the way I did. Pulling back from me, he stares me in the eyes and tells me he is the one that is sorry. That what he had done had been wrong, and I had every right to be angry with him. I tell him I forgave him for what did a long time ago, and that I knew he had only done what he thought was right. Next I tell them both about Dominick being alive and that he is in really bad shape, and we need to get Sage to him as fast as possible.

We blink to Dominick’s bedroom, and Summer start crying all over again as soon as she sees the shape he is in. Harris calls for Sage immediately. Sage is there no sooner than the words leave my dad’s mouth. It shocks me when Sage hugs me and tells me it is good to have me back home. Then he goes to Dominick and start the process of healing him.

We left the room leaving Dominick in Sage’s capable hands. Summer and I go to the dining room while Harris heads to the kitchen and asked Douglass to bring out coffee. Summer and I have already sat down at the table by the time he walks back in the room. Sitting down he asked if I am ready to tell them how I not only found out Dominick was a live, but how I had gotten him back. I had only started to tell the story when Douglass walks in with the coffee. 
Jumping up from the table I run around and hug him. He hugs me back in the awkward way he always does when I hug him or joke and cut up with him. He acts like because my parents are the king and queen making me a princess by proxy he should treat me all formal. He gets really uncomfortable around me when I act like the other teenagers around here. You would think he would be over it after a year. Letting him go, I said, “it’s great to see you Doug, I’ve missed your cooking a lot.”

“I can tell that by the looks of you. You’re nothing but a bone. I’m going to have to make sure you eat double portions of everything for a while princess.”

“Aw…come on Doug, I told you to call me Lana not princess. Just because I’ve been away for a few months doesn’t mean you get to go back to calling me princess.”  I see the little smile that plays across his face at my words and realize he only called me princess knowing how I will react to it. I punch him on the arm, “You got me Doug, I guess there really is a first time for everything.”

I go back to my seat when Doug leaves the room. I go straight into the story about where I have been and how I had met Saurian while I had been out looking for fairies. I tell them how I had agreed to help her save the women on the fairy world and how later I had found out that Dominick was still alive. Harris, and Summer listen as I explain everything. Finally I end the story with “now I’m back home”

“We heard about the first few fairies coming up missing then we saw the whoops was gone, we knew it was you. We kept it hid from the Angels but Lana what you did to the fairy realm has the Angel council in an uproar. You destroyed the whole realm and you killed I can’t even begin to imagine how many fairies” Harris said.

“Yeah I did, but look at what they were doing to the women? Look at what they did to Dominick?”

“You were needed here, things have gotten really bad. The demons have somehow upped their powers. Whatever is going on it’s not Lucifer doing it, this is bigger than him. He’s even afraid he tried talking with some of the Angel’s begging for their help. We are on the verge of another war, I’m afraid this may be one we can’t win, and the Angel’s council believes you miss used your powers by doing what you did on the fairy realm” Harris replies. Looking at Summer, I see tears running down her face. I can tell by the tone of Harris’s voice he is upset as well. “What are they going to do to me?”

“I don’t know, I’m sure they know you’re back here by now so they may show up at any time. Just know whatever happens, your mother and I will both stand by you. If they strip your powers and make you leave, then we will be going with you.” 

Putting my hand on Summers, I say, “I can’t ask you guys to do that. I’m the one that went to the fairy realm not you I can’t let you guys to be punished for something I did.” 
Harris put his hand on top of my hand that is still lying on top of Summers, his huge hand engulfs both of ours. He looks me right in the eyes as he speaks. 

“If I hadn’t done what I did none of this would be happening now.” 

Summer considers me for a moment. “Sweetie we only got you back a little over a year ago, there’s no way we’re losing you again. Besides if the Angels have half a brain, they’ll know they need us all right now. We’ve already lost over twenty keepers’ in the last couple of months; they know they can’t afford to lose anymore.” 

“Thank you I can’t tell you how much what you just said means to me.
 
“We love you sweetie there’s nothing we wouldn’t do for you.” Is Summers reply. 

“Where is everybody? I ask.

“Who are you talking about? Harris questions.

“Case, Lisa, Cain all of them where are they? How are they?”

“There out fighting all three of them have been gone on extended patrol for over a month now. Last I heard from all three of them, they we're still at the gates of Hell. Whatever this evil force is its working overtime there.” Harris tells.

“Alright well I’ve got to get to them. I need to be there helping them” I said already jumping from my seat ready to go.

“You can’t Lana”. Summer said “the council has forbidden it. The orders from the council are very simple if you return, you are to wait here until they send for you. If you leave and go to the gate to help in the fight your powers will be pulled right then, without any chance of a hearing.”

“Am I supposed to just-sit here while my friends are out there fighting, dying?” 

“Yes you are. You have no choice in the matter, if you want a chance at staying a keeper, then you’ll do what they say.” Harris says.

“Can I go back and check on Saurian and all the rest of the women? I promised them I would be blinking in and out several times through the day to see how they are doing and if they need anything.”

“Yes of course you can go and check on them; I'll go with you. Lana what you did was a great thing. You saved all those women from being slaves I don’t see how the council can overlook that. We are both very proud of you. You also saved Dominick; we all thought he was dead, and eventually he would have been by the looks of him if it hadn’t been for you.” Summer says giving me her kind smile. 

“Thank you, I was worried you guys would be mad at me and never want to see me again for leaving the way I did.”

“You were angry over what I had done honey plus you thought Dominick was dead, and you were grieving. I would’ve probably done the same thing.” Harris says with a pained expression on his face from the guilt he is carrying.  

We talk for hours; they fill me in on everything that has been taking place with the demons. I thought back to what Michael, had told me while I had been in the comma. He knew there was going to be a great war, and he had said I was needed. I felt like I had let down the keepers’ and the Angels by not being here to do whatever it is I was meant to do. I just pray it’s not too late now. I also pray I won’t be striped of my powers and sent back to live as a human.

“Do you know when Case or the others will be coming home?”

“I’m afraid it won’t be for at least another couple months, but hopefully by the time they return we will have everything settled with the council, and Dominick will be back to himself as well” Summer replied.
Standing up I hug them both and tell them how happy I am to be back home and that I am going to check in on Dominick before I go take a long bath and get some sleep.
 

CHAPTER 56
  When I go into Dominick’s bedroom I see that he is still sleeping and Sage is still working on him. He is already starting to look a lot better. I’m sure by tomorrow; he will be awake and looking almost like his old self again. All though it will take him a while to gain back all the weight, he has lost.

Leaving his room, I go straight to my bedroom. Sitting on the bed, I realize how much I have missed it. I can’t wait to sleep in my own bed tonight for the first time in a long time.

Grabbing a night shirt and shorts out of my drawers I go to take a bath. With the huge seashell, tub filled I unbraid my hair and step in. Laying back in the water it surrounds my body the heat feels wonderful on my tired muscles. I begin thinking about everything that has happened and everything that is happening now. My life has been so out of control for the last year. I know I did a good thing by freeing the fairy women it was something I needed to do. Maybe I did it to try and amend for all the wrong I had already done I just don’t know. The one thing I do know though is that nobody should have to live their lives being a slave to another person. I am almost positive the Angels will reprimand me for my action’s but it’s hard for me to believe that they might take away my powers and turn me human again, especially with everything that is taking place right now.

I wish I could talk to Case. I miss him so bad I'd love to hear the sound of his voice telling me everything will be alright. When my eyes grow heavy and I almost fall asleep in the tub; I decide it’s time for me to get out of the tub and go to bed. Stepping out of the tub I dry off then slip on my night shirt and shorts before leaving the bathroom.

Crawling in my bed it feels like heaven. Snuggling under the covers breathing in through my nose, I catch Case’s smell. I would know it anywhere. Inhaling through my nose again I close my eyes. I can almost believe he is lying beside me. His smell reminds me of life. I guess I thought that because of how full of life he always is. I want to see him so bad it hurts. I want to make things right between us.
 I want him to know that I do love him. He will always hold part of my heart. Just because I will be with Dominick doesn’t mean we can’t be friends that I have to have him in my life I’m not whole without him. I know it will be hard, but we can make it work. I fall asleep with these thoughts running through my head. 
Waking up the next morning, I brush my teeth and hair, which takes a lot of time with it being so long. Leaving my room I the first thing I do is go to check on Dominick. He is sitting up in the bed when I enter his room. Sage is nowhere in sight. 

Running to the bed, I throw my arms around him my emotions everywhere. I cry telling him how sorry I am for leaving him back on the fairy realm. And how happy I am that he is alive then I tell him that I made the fairies pay for what they had done to him. I felt Dominick pushing me away from him and thought I must be hurting him. I let go and set up on the bed beside him taking his hand in mine. 

We set that way for a while without speaking. I didn’t care if we ever spoke I was happy to sit here and hold his hand. Looking at his face I see that all the bruises are gone now. The only clue left from what he had gone through for the last few months is the hollowness in his cheeks from the weight loss and the fact he’s still in need of a bath. His hair has its shine back. It’s a couple of inches longer than it was the last time I saw him. 

“Lana if you don't mind I would really like to take a shower.”

“Ok... Yeah sure I understand” I tell him getting off the bed. “I’ll leave so you can do what you have to do. I have something I need to do anyways. I’ll be back later, and we can talk then.” I wait for his reply. But he never even lifts his head to acknowledge I’ve spoken to him. Walking out the door I thought he probably just needed some time to get his bearings back. I mean he has been held prisoner and beaten for months. 

Blinking, myself back to the beach house I see women and children everywhere. I stop and speak with a lot of them along the way as I search for Saurian. I received more hugs than I have had in my life. Seeing the gratitude from these women lets me know more than ever that I had done the right thing by getting them out of the hell they had been calling a home. If the council wants to take my powers from me because of this, then they will just have to do it. Because I know I would do it all over again if I had to.

I find Saurian in the kitchen cooking along with about twenty over women. Walking up behind Saurian, I asked, “What are you cooking?” She turns at the sound of my voice and grabs me around the neck and hugs me.

Letting go she said, “I’m so glad you are back I’ve been worried about your friend how is he doing?”

“He is fine. When I left he was getting in the shower.” 

“Really he is that much better already?”

“Yeah well keepers don’t stay down long, plus we have a great doctor.”

“Will you stay and eat with us?”

“I would love to but I’m afraid I can't; I really have to get back, but I’ll be popping in and out through the day.” I didn’t want to scare Saurian by telling her that right now I need to stay in the keeper’s world as much as I can so the Angels won’t be more upset with me than they already are. “I just wanted to see if you needed anything?”

“No we’re all fine thanks to you. You go take care of whatever it is you need to do. Don’t worry about us. You took care of everything last night. We have enough food to feed all of us for at least a month.”

I give her another hug then speak to a few of the other women in the kitchen before blinking back to the keeper’s world. I smell food cooking so I go to dining room and find Harris and Summer sitting there talking with Dominick.
 I hug Summer before sitting down next to her. I tell them I had gone to check on the fairy women to make sure everything was going alright. I couldn’t help staring at Dominick. He is all cleaned up now. His hair is once again tied back like he always keeps it. He looks like my Greek God again.

“You look a lot better” I said smiling at him.

“Thank you, I feel a lot better.”

He didn't speak another word to me. I watch as he carries on a conversation with Harris and Summer, he laughs at the appropriate times but the smile never reaches his eyes. His eyes; they lack any life in them every time he looks my way. After we finish eating I ask him if he would like to take a walk with me. His reply is “sorry maybe another time right now I need to lay back down.” Watching him leave I turn to Summer and ask her, “dose, he act strange to you?” 

“Honey I think you may need to give him some time he’s been through a lot.”

“Yeah you’re right” I said but deep in my heart, I know something is wrong, he is different. 

“Lana I was notified by the Angels council this morning you are to be in front of them tomorrow morning at eight” Harris says.

“Will you guys be able to go with me?”

“Of course we will be there with you” Summer said.

“Thanks” I said as I stand up and hug them both. I start to walk out of the dining room then paused and turn back and asked, “Have you heard from Case, Cain, or Lisa.”

“I saw them last night” Harris says “I let them know that you were home. I also told them about Dominick.”

“Is there any chance of them getting to come home earlier?”

“No I’m sorry Lana, There isn't. They may be out longer than we thought. We lost two more keepers’ last night?”

“Can you at least tell me where they are at?”

“Sure I’ve never been told you couldn’t know. They are in the middle of the earth the place between Earth, and Hell; it's the gate where demons come through at. They're fighting the demons as they come through the gate. The problem is the demons are now stronger than I’ve ever seen them; and they are not coming through the gate one, or two, at a time like we have always been used to them doing. Instead they are coming though a hundred at a time” Harris said. 

“Are they all doing alright?”

“There fine just tired.” 

Without saying anymore I leave the room. Going to my bedroom I change into a pair of shorts, and a sports bra then take off to the gym. I have to do something to keep my mind off everything. I had wanted to ask Harris if Case had asked about me, but I was too afraid of what his response might have been.
Hitting the tread mill I start out at a slow walk to warm my body up then slowly increase the speed until I am at a full run. As I run I beg God to keep Case, Cain and Lisa safe as they fight.

I had been so busy running and consecrating on praying that I hadn’t noticed Dominick had walked in. I happen to look up and see him staring at me. I see the look on his face that I had been waiting to see all day. His eyes are alive now, and I see the hunger in them as he stares at me. Stopping the treadmill I jump off, sweat running down my body. How long had I been running to have this much sweat I wonder. I head over to Dominick trying to decide how I can break all this awkwardness that seems to have gathered around us. I made my decision when I reach him. Lifting my arms, I wrap them around his neck and pull his head down to mine and kiss him with everything I have in me. He kisses me back like a starved man for the first few moments then he pushes me away. I have to say that hurt me a little.

“Lana I’m sorry but I no longer feel that way about you. I’m a different person than I was and my feelings have changed. I’m grateful to you for getting me out of that hell hole. I would like to be your friend but that is as far as it can go.”

“Are you saying this because you don’t want to hurt Case? If so you don’t have to worry about that. I told him everything about us the day after we got back from the fairy realm when we thought you were dead. He knows we made love, I told him the whole story.” 

“My feelings have nothing to do with Case; I'm just not interested in you any longer.”

“How can you say that? What did they do to you?” 

“I’ll tell you what they did to me they beat the shit out of me every fucking day and starved me to death in between.” 

“Do you blame me for leaving you there? Is that why your feelings have changed?”

“No Lana that has nothing to do with it, and for the record, I could never hate you, but at some point while I was there I played it over and over in my head how you screamed out I love you before you went through that door. I wondered why I never yelled it back to you. Then one day it came to me. The reason I never yelled it back was because if I had it would have been a lie.” 

I felt my heart breaking more and more as he continued talking.

“I’m sorry Lana; I never should have slept with you. The only reason I can give you is that I’m a guy, and that’s what guys do when they get the opportunity. I would like us to be friends but if that’s too hard on you, I completely understand.”

I stood there listing to everything he was saying to me. I couldn’t believe he had just told me he had slept with me because the opportunity arose. Why didn’t he just come out and call me a slut? That’s what he is insinuating after all. The way he is making it sound; I had thrown myself at him. Before I know what I am doing I am screaming at him while my heart is breaking into a million pieces once again because of him.

“You-son-OF-a-bitch, how dare you stand here and talk to me like this. Do you have any idea what my life has been like for the past few months while I thought you were dead? I grieved for you. I left my home and stayed gone from the people that I love for months all because of you. I have to go before the Angels council and could possibly have my powers stripped because I saved you.” I scream.

“Don’t blame me for that Lana you’re going before the Angels council because you released all the fairy women and destroyed the fairy realm and killed countless people while you were at it. You just got me out while you were there.”

Listening to Dominick speaking so calmly only enrages me more. Before I thought about what I was doing I raised my hand and slapped him across the face.
“I don’t want to be your friend. I wish I never had to lay eyes on you again. I hate you! I should have left you where you were at.” I ran out of the gym as fast as my legs would take me not wanting to give him the pleasure of seeing me cry.

When I reach my bedroom, I strip my clothes and opted for a shower instead of a bath. After drying off I put my night shirt on then brush my hair before braiding it. Crawling in bed, I pull the covers over my head and cry until I fall asleep.

My sleep was riddled with horrible nightmares. The one that scared me to death is the one where I am told Case had been killed by demons and that if I had been there it never would have happened. In the dream, they told me how it was my fault and that my parents Cain and Lisa all hated me. Then the Angels council not only stripped me of my powers and made me live as a human, I was also homeless and nobody cared about me. In the dream, I had begged Harris and Summer to help me, and they had told me they were ashamed to call me their daughter and wished I had really died when I had been born. 
Then I dreamt repeatedly about how cruel Dominick had been to me. How he had told me he had only slept with me because I was an easy lay. Looking at the clock, I see it’s six in the morning, so I decide to go ahead and get ready for my hearing that way I can blink in and check on Saurian and the other women before I have to go to the Angel council. 
 

CHAPTER 57
I shower then dress put my hair in a ponytail and a small amount of make-up on trying to cover up the puffiness around my eyes from crying and lack of sleep. I’m hoping the make-up will keep people from noticing. I blink myself to the kitchen of the beach house figuring that will be where I find Saurian. When I get there she is already busy cooking breakfast.

“Hey” I said stepping up and pouring myself a cup of coffee.” 

“Hey yourself” she replies back. Taking my coffee I sat down at the table, and she follows me with her own coffee and sits down across from me. 

“What’s wrong and don’t say it’s nothing I’m looking at your eyes, you look as if you have been crying all night.” 

“Is it that noticeable?" I asked touching my eyes.

“Sorry but I’m afraid so.” Needing someone to talk with I tell her everything about Dominick and Case leaving nothing out.

“Honey I told you the guy you brought back may not be the one you left behind. I’m sorry, but I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t surprised. A man can’t take the kind of beatings he took day in and day out, and it not done something to him mentally. I know you say you have the best doctors, and I believe you but there is no doctors, who can take away a hate once it starts. It’s not that he no longer loves you; it's that he just isn’t capable of loving anyone now. He probably never will be again. I hate to hurt you more than you already are but friendship could be all he has left to offer you. Maybe you need to take that friendship and move on.”

Sitting there talking to Saurian, I thought maybe she is right. “I don’t know Saurian you’re probably right, but for right now I have to leave I have someplace I have to be in less than thirty minutes.” Standing up I hug her and asked her if she needs me to blink anything in before I leave. I’m shocked when she said, “yes more TV’s please.” Laughing I close my eyes and picture everyplace in the house a TV could go then blink them in already wired up and ready to watch. 

“It’s done you now have over forty more TV’s in the house.”

“Great maybe now they will stop arguing over what to watch.” Laughing I tell her I’d see her later today then blink myself to the dining room at my house. Harris and Summer are there they have already eaten and now drinking their coffee.

“Hi” I said as I pour myself a cup of coffee and sit down.

“How are all the women doing on earth” Harris asked as he takes another sip of his coffee?

Laughing I said, “There all doing great, but I did have to add about forty more TVs to the house.” Harris and Summer both start laughing.

“You know it’s hard to believe they have never seen a TV before. Their lives must have been really horrible” Summer said.

“It was trust me.”

“We are very proud of you for what you did Lana. Because of you, those women will never have to live a life like that again” Summer said laying her hand on top of mine and giving it a squeeze. 

“Thank you Summer, I want you both to meet them; I know you will really like them all.”

“Well tomorrow we will go with you when you go to check in on them” Harris replied.

“Well after today I may be living with them if the angels take my powers away and make me live as a human.”

“Well if they take your powers away, and you have to live with them, I guess we will be living there with you. Remember if you go, we go” Harris says.

“I know you’re worried, but I believe everything will be fine” Summer said. “I’m not going to say they won’t do something I just don’t believe they will make you human.” 

Harris glances down at his watch then said, “We'd better be going it’s getting close to time, and I’d like to get there a few minutes early and see if I can find out anything.” Standing up we all join hands then blink to the Angels council.
 

CHAPTER 58
Everything at the Angels council is always so sterile it has white walls white ceiling and white floors. There're no pictures on the walls, not even a cross hanging anywhere. Harris tells Summer and I to stay in the hall while he goes into the chambers where my hearing will be held. He wants to see if he can find out any information. When he opens the door to the hearing room, I peak in before the door closes. Wouldn’t you know it even the tables and chairs are white. 

From what I can tell with what little I could see it appears as if I will be sitting in the middle of the room with a circular platform all the way around me. I will have Angels circling me…fucking great.
Like I wasn’t already intimidated enough ugh. 

Harris comes back out within minutes telling us he hadn’t been able to find out any information, shocker there. He said it was time for us to go in now. Taking a few deep breaths to calm myself, I straighten my spine and hold my head up high. Just because I am scared shitless doesn’t mean I have to let them know I am. When I hear the door shut behind us, I felt like I had already been tried and convicted.
 The Angels council has yet to take their seats. When the Angel guard opens the gate from the circle to let me go through and take my seat. He stops Harris and Summer. “I’m sorry king, and queen, but you may not enter the circle. You both may be seated over to your left”. Harris started to say something, but Summer stops him. She glances over at me and whispers “everything will be alright we’re right here”. Taking Harris’s hand, she led him to the seats the angel had told them they could sit at. 

I take my seat feeling sick to my stomach. Sitting there it crosses my mind a couple of times to blink myself out of here and put up my shield, so I can’t be found and say the hell with all this. The only thing that stops me is the fact I would no longer be a keeper, and I would lose everyone I loved. I’ve already been there and done that shit before, and I’m not going to let it happen again if I can help it. I will take whatever punishment they hand out to me. If they take away my powers and turn me human I will to deal with it somehow.

“Everybody may rise and remain standing as the Angel’s take their seats” the Angel guard said loudly.

Standing up I watch as angel after angel comes through a door to the left of the platform. It amazes me that each angel, who enters the room, has on the same white suit. There white hair and blue eyes are identical to each other. I guess angels aren’t big on having their own fashion or having their own identity. Counting the angels as they come out, I realize there is a total of seventeen of them on the council. I guess they keep an odd number like that, so there can never be a tie vote. After the angels are seated the guard tells everyone else in the room they can be seated.

“Princess Rain Summer Livingston would you please stand” the angel sitting in the middle seat directly in front of me says a few minutes after I had set back down. I stand up making sure I kept eye contact with the angels. I have my hands to my side trying to appear confident when really my legs feel like they are going to drop out from under me at any moment. 

“I am known as Mathew, I will be leading your hearing today and letting you know the charges you have been charged with. If you do not comply or answer all questions and request made by me or any other angel on this board, you will automatically be found guilty do you understand me?”

“Yes sir I understand completely.”

“Very well then I will read off the charges.”

“First charge – killing fairies on earth”
“Second charge – Going against keepers’ protocol”
“Third charge – destroying the fairy realm”
“Fourth charge – Disrupting or interfering with another race’s way of life”
“Fifth charge – The murder of countless number of people.” 

“We do not wish to know how you plead on these charges. That is of no concern to us. Today’s hearing and the angel’s you are standing before will decide on your fate as a keeper today. Is that understood?”

“Yes sir.”

“Very well then we may start. I will ask the first question please wait until I have completed my question before you answer.” 

“Yes sir.”

“Why did you kill the male fairies on earth?”

“Sir I never killed one fairy on earth that wasn’t about to take advantage of a human. I have witnessed myself how the male fairies' trick humans to get them to do what they want. Then they take these humans back to the fairy realm and make slaves of them and beat them until they are dead. My job as a keeper is to keep humans safe, and I felt like I was doing my job.” The second angel didn’t even bother to tell me his name, he just asked his question.

“Are you saying you didn’t kill the fairies to take revenge for Dominick?”

“No sir I can’t tell you that. I can tell you it wasn’t the main reason. I would be lying to you if I told you that every time I killed a fairy I didn’t feel like I did get a little revenge.” Another angel speaks without offering his name as well.

“What gave you the right to go to the fairy realm and take the women away? The life the fairies live is of no concern of you.”

“Sir I think what gave me the right is the fact that I was asked by one of the fairy women to help her and the other women escape. The women were tired of being slaves to the male fairies. Nobody should live their lives like that. Furthermore, correct me if I’m wrong but our job is to protect all raises of life and these women needed help. So I guess you could say I gave my own self the right. sir.”
The head angel Matthew speaks again. 
“Why did you kill all the male fairies and the tree people on the fairy realm then burn everything on the realm down before leaving?”

“I had no choice. When I went to get Dominick the tree people guarding him made a run at me, I had to defend myself.” I knew I was lying when but I am hoping they buy it. If I am believable enough they won’t pick up on it. “I killed them because they left me no choice. The reason I set fire to everything when we were leaving was to ensure the women’s safety.”

Their questions went on for hours. In a roundabout way, all the questions were the same just asked differently, finally after six hours the head angel tells me that it is now my time to speak I can say whatever I want on my own behalf before they leave the room to decide my fate.

Standing there I begin talking making sure that I turn around at different times, so I can look at every angel sitting on the board. “I am a world keeper’ until a year ago I didn’t even know what that was, but I feel like that in this past year I have worked hard and done everything you have expected of me. In my heart, I know I did the right thing by freeing all those women. No person be it man or woman should be treated the way the male fairies treat humans or their own women. We kill demons every day for doing a lot less than what the male fairies were doing. The only thing I will admit to doing wrong and feeling sorry about is leaving the fairy realm the way I did and blocking myself from all the people that love me, but at the time I was grieving the loss of a friend I thought was dead. A friend who is also a keeper and would still be there being beaten and tortured daily if I had not gone back and brought him home. I’m not sorry for what I did. After a lot of thought, I know I would do it all over again to save Dominick and the two hundred and fifty women and children I brought back with me. I love being a keeper I beg of you not to strip my powers and send me to earth to live as a human. However, I am at your mercy and will respect whatever you decide.”

“Is that all you have to say” the angel Mathew asked?

“Yes sir that is all.”

“We will dismiss for one hour to make our decision.” The angel guard calls for everyone to stand as the angels leave.

When the last angel walks out and the door closes behind him, I am out of the circle and running to my parents. I throw myself into Harris and Summers arms. I know the angels are going to take my powers and send me to earth to live as a human. Looking at Harris and Summer, I tell them, “This is my fault if they send me back to earth and strip my powers, I don’t want you guys to ruin your lives to go with me. The keeper’s world needs you both. I’ll be alright I’ll make it and you guys can come visit me anytime you want.” 

“Honey you are our child if the angels no longer want you here, then they must not want us either” Summer says.

“You have to stay here you have people counting on you.”

“Lana” Harris said “your mother nor I either one want to be part of a world that doesn’t want our daughter.” 

The next hour seems to take forever, in one way I want the angels to hurry up so I can find out what they were going to do to me, but on the other hand, I am scared shitless and don’t want to see the next hour move closer. Harris and Summer both try to talk to me. They make up stupid jokes. I know they want to cheer me up but at this point that is impossible. Looking at the clock I see I have ten minutes left until my life changes forever for the second time in a year. 

Standing up from the bench we have been sitting on, I pace back and forth for a couple of minutes then I decide to just go back in the chambers and wait for the hearing to start back up. I’m fixing open the chamber door when Dominick blinks in. We have not spoken to one another since he basically called me a slut. 

“What are you doing here?" I ask sarcastically.

“I thought I would come and see what is happening, after all you did come on the fairy world and bring me home.”

“Don’t flatter yourself I went to the fairy world to save the women. You were there so I decided to bring you back. After all you are a keeper.” I say throwing his words back in his face.

“Lana” Summer says glaring at me. I know to them it sounds like I’m being a straight up bitch but they have no idea about how he has been treating me and the things he’s said. I believe I have the right to be mad. 

“Well you’re not needed here so why don’t you go find somebody else to aggravate” I tell him my voice heavy with sarcasm. Turning back around I open the chamber door and step inside to await my fate. Once I’m seated I keep my eyes straight ahead refusing to even look over at my parents because I know he will be sitting with them. I can’t believe he would show up here after the way he treated me yesterday. 

“All stand” announces the Guard angel formally.

I stand up watching the angels that hold my life in their hands walk in and take their assigned seats.

“You may all be seated.”  States the guard as he goes from standing at attention to a relaxed stand.  

“Princess Rain Summer Livingston would you please remain standing for our verdict” angel Mathew states. So I remain standing and try to concentrate on not puking as my nerves are overtaking me. I’m more afraid right now than I have ever been in my life. I faced Lucifer himself and yea sure I was a little scared but nothing like, what I am feeling right now.

“Lana Livingston you have been found guilty on all five counts against you.” Mathew the head of the council states in his superior voice. My heart drops I’m going to pass-out. What am I going to do? Oh God I need to get myself under control or I’m going to freak out. I’m fixing to lose everything again for the second time in little over a year. My legs try to collapse under me and I have to put my hands on the table to help support my body. Closing my eyes I focus on my breathing slowing it down; it takes me a minute but I’m able to get it under control before I hyperventilate. I keep repeating to myself over and over again “I can do this.”

“Since our verdict has been rendered I want to let you know that we do commend you for what you did for the fairy women and for bringing one of our own back home. However we can’t condone the manner in which you choose to go about doing it. If you had gone to the keepers for help you would not be standing in front of us now. Instead just like the other time you took it up on yourself to do things you’re on way with no thought of the consequences. Last time we let it go but this time we can’t. We all agree that your powers will be stripped from you for one month, and in that time you will be placed on house arrest.” 

I couldn’t believe what I am hearing. To say I am happy would be an understatement. I want to jump into a happy dance right about now but I’m pretty sure the angels would not appreciate the dance so I’ll keep my happy dance in my head for right now. I can deal with my powers being taken away if it’s only for a month. I can do a month standing on my freaking head if I have to. I could also deal with house arrest for a month. Shoot I need to get my head back in the game for the time being and listen to what Mathew is saying. 

“Now if you will stand in front of the table we will place the rune on you to lock away your powers. I must tell you this will be painful but I assure you the pain will only last a couple of moments. Then a month from this date your powers will automatically come back to you. Then and only then may you join the others at the gate.”

I walk in front of the table still happy with my punishment. Not caring if it hurts or not. I can handle a little pain, I’m just grateful this is all they are going to do to me. I watch as the angels close their eyes as they begin the process of binding my powers. I kept waiting for the pain to start, but it never did. The angels continue doing their rune. Still feel nothing. 

 Angel Mathew speaks up, and for the first time today his monotone voice changes. He is angry and you can tell that by the way his voice booms as he he speaks this time “ENOUGH” he commands. I’m not certain what is going on but whatever it is can’t be good with the way he is glaring at me. “Stay where you are while my associates and I share a few words”. He demands. 

Yea like I am really going to go move right now. I thought they would leave the room, but instead I watch as all the angels around me close their eyes. They must be communicating telepathically. Glancing over at my parents I see they have the same worried look on their faces I must have. 

The angels open their eyes and Mathew speaks.
“We have decided you may keep your powers through this month, In case you’re help is required at the gate. You will, however, still be on house arrest. You will not leave the grounds or the house at any time unless informed to do so by one of us. Is that understood?” 

“Yes sir I understand and I thank you for allowing me to keep my powers.”  Mathew picks up his gavel and hits it on the table and then states “this hearing is adjourned”. I stand there staring as the angels walk back through the door they had come from. When the last one went through the door, and it shut behind him, I run to my parents throwing my arms around the both of them. 

I’m so happy the angels decided to let me keep my powers. Yeah sure it’s really going to suck being stuck at the house for a month, but at least I still get to go outside. I’ll spend my time reading, and exercising. The time would go by so much faster if Lisa, Cain, and Case were here. Dominick speaks to me. 

“Congratulations Lana I’m happy for you.” 

“Yeah Thanks” I reply but it comes out sounding sarcastic. I refuse to even look his way. I wish I could say that what he said to me yesterday didn’t hurt me but I can’t. When you love someone and you find out they never felt the same way about you and only used you it’s a hard pill to swallow.

 “Can we go home now?” I ask my parents. 
With their arms linked with mine we blink home. “Summer I won’t be able to check on the fairy women or children for the next month would you mind doing it for me?”

“Of course I will sweetie.”

“Would you also tell Saurian I’m sorry that I can’t come see her, but I will be there as soon as I can?”

“Consider it done. Matter fact I think I’ll go there now. I’ve been looking forward to meeting these women. I’ve never met a female fairy before and I’m excited to get to know them.” 

“I believe I’ll go with you my love” Harris tells her coming up behind her and slipping his arms around her waist. They both blink out. Leaving Dominick and me standing in the library alone I turn around and start walking out the door without saying a word.

“Lana wait” Dominick says.

I stop walking and slowly turn around and asked, “what is it Dominick did you leave out something last night or have you thought of something else that will hurt me even more?”

“I wanted to tell you I’m sorry for hurting you. That was not my intention.” 

“Really those weren't you’re intentions? Because you basically said you slept with me because I was there and willing. The way I see it, you called me a slut.”

“That’s not what I meant. You’re not a slut you are a beautiful young woman, and yes I wanted to sleep with you. It would take a fool not to want to sleep with you, but I don’t love you Lana. I care about you; I want us to be friends. I just wanted you to know we will never be more than friends. I can’t be more than friends with you. I’m sorry.”

“You know it seems strange to me that before you were held prisoner on the fairy world you sure the hell acted like you loved me.”

“Did I ever tell you I loved you?”

I stood there in front of him fighting back tears because he is right not one time did I ever hear him tell me he loved me. “No I guess you never did say those words to me, but you did insinuate them with your actions.”

“Yeah I guess maybe I did I’m not that person anymore. I’ve changed maybe at one point I did love you but now, for some reason, all those feelings I had for you are gone. I remember those having them. I remember feeling like I would die every time I saw you with Case, but I feel nothing now I can’t explain it. It’s as if everything I felt for you is gone. When I see you now all, I see is someone I am grateful to for saving my life. I see someone I would like to be friends with and that’s it, I’m sorry.”

“I can’t deal with this right now. I can’t tell you we can be friends. I can tell you thanks for your honesty. That’s as much as I can say to you right now.” Without waiting on a response from him, I walk out of the room and head to my bedroom where I can be alone and cry.

Lying on my bed, I replay Dominick’s words in my head. I know he loved me, or I knew at one time that he did. Maybe all those months of being beat has changed him like Saurian said. In some ways, I think he blames me for what happened to him. I need to find a way to stop loving him so he can’t hurt me anymore. Whatever happened to him while he was on the fairy world changed his feelings for me, now I have to find a way to change my feelings for him. 

I wonder what Case is doing right now. Is he fighting at this very moment, or maybe he is sleeping? All I know is I would love to see him. I need him so bad he is my best friend. He is the one that has been here for me from the moment I found out; I was a keeper. And all I have ever done is hurt him in one way or another. I hope he gives me the opportunity to show him that I really can be a good friend. I play our last moments together in my head. How he looked at me. How he told me he hated me. He had every right to feel that way toward me. I just hope that when he came home, I can change his feelings; I couldn’t lose him. He has always been my rock to lean on, and he always will be.
   

CHAPTER 59
The next two weeks I am bored to death. I read books until I can’t read anymore. I work out in the gym daily. I walk every part of the grounds outside. I manage to come to terms with Dominick and our relationship or rather lack of relationship for a better word. I speak to him when he speaks to me other than that I stay as far away from him as I possible.

Summer and Harris keeps me well informed on Saurian and the other women. Matter fact Harris has helped a lot of the women by getting them jobs and finding them a place to live. I wish I could be there myself to see everybody, but I still have a couple of weeks to go before I can leave the house or grounds. Going in the kitchen, I see Doug.

“Hey Doug need some help with dinner?”

“No I’m sorry Lana, but I don’t believe my kitchen can handle any more of your help cooking. I hate to say it, but you're as bad as your mother in the kitchen.”

“Laughing I say “hey I can cook that was an accident that’s all. Besides it wasn’t that bad!” I would love to have a camera right now to take a picture of the expression on Doug’s face at my words.

“Not bad? You nearly burnt down the kitchen boiling water.”

Laughing I said, “alright I get it you want me out of the kitchen. I’m leaving.” 
Walking out the kitchen door, I start my normal walking pattern going to the wishing well first. I close my eyes like I do every day and wish for this month hurry up and end. I wish Case would come home so I could talk to him. After I’m done there I leave and walk the grounds until I am bored out of my mind. Blinking, myself in the gym I start working out with the dead weights. I have to admit I am starting to get really cut. I even have a great-looking six pack going on. I am doing sit ups when I hear Dominick’s voice asked if I need a spotter.

“No Thank You.” I reply.

“You do realize you are averaging working out about forty hours a week don’t you?”

“I haven’t thought about it” I said never looking his way as I continue doing my sit ups.
“Well, you can tell. You have quite the six pack; going on.”

“Hmm”….is all I say.

“Alright I guess I’ll leave you alone.”

“Thanks.” 

Standing up I go to the treadmill put my ear buds in my ears turning the music up loud and start running. I get lost in the music and my thoughts, by the time I looked down, I have run twelve miles. Feeling sweat pouring down my body I grab my towel and wipe my face. My sports bra is soaked. Pulling the ear buds out of my ears. I slow the treadmill down to a walk, so I can cool down and not end up with muscle cramps later on. That’s when I notice for the first time that Dominick is still in the gym.

I glance over at him and see his eyes pinned on me. The look he has on his face is one I know well. It’s the one he used to look at me with months ago. Chills run through my body caused by his heated stare. I think back to the night he told me that any guy would be a fool if they passed up the opportunity to sleep me. That thought alone stops the chills and reminds me to get my head on straight.
 “What the hell are you staring at” I demand. 

He turns his head. Wrapping the towel around my neck, I leave the gym after that and go to my bedroom to shower. Striping off my clothes and unbraiding my hair, I stand there staring at myself in the mirror. All the exercising has really paid off. I have muscles showing I never knew I had. Looking at my hair, I notice it has grown probably another three or four inches, it now falls past my butt. All the time I have spent out in the sun over the summer has made the red more noticeable. Brown has always been the dominate color in my hair with red highlights. Now it’s the other way around. The color appears more like Summer’s color.

Stepping in the tub I lay back letting the water cover my body. Shutting my eyes I relax trying not to think about anything. The water feels glorious the heat helps the tension leave my body from the workout; I just put it through. I stay there submerged in the water until it starts to cool down. Sitting up I finally wash my hair and body. When I am done I lift the leaver letting the tub drain while I step out and dry off. Realizing I forgot to bring clothes to the bathroom with me, I wrap the towel around my body before stepping into my bedroom. I almost scream when I see Dominick sitting on my bed. 

“What the hell are you doing in here?” I demand. 

“I needed to see you.”

I held my hands at the top of the towel to make sure it doesn’t slip. “As you can see I’m not dressed so do you mind leaving and coming back later?” I see it again the look. His eyes rake up and down my body and that pisses me off even more. He needs to stop this and leave me alone.

“You know for someone that says they look at me and feel nothing the expression on your face right now is saying otherwise.”

“That’s what I want to talk to you about” He clears his throat, his eyes go everywhere but on my face.

“I wanted to tell you I was sorry I feel like I’m sending you mixed signals, and I don’t mean to. I…You…I mean God, I can’t even talk right now; I need to come back later when you have clothes on.”

I stand there holding my towel in place watching as he stands up from my bed. He runs his hands up and down his face, and I thought I heard him say, “SHIT” under his breath before he drops his hands to his sides giving me one last look he says, “I’m sorry I shouldn’t have come here. I need to leave you alone, you don’t deserve this; I've put you through enough.”

I start to stop him to ask him what he meant, but I stope myself. He’s right he has put me through enough. My life has been turned upside down ever since he helped me save my earth family, and I can’t allow him to do that to me again. He is going to have to deal with whatever it is he has going on by himself. Over the months, I thought he was dead one thing happened to me; I grew up a little. I come to realize how childish I have been acting and that I need to stop it. It’s time I started practicing being an adult. He isn’t the only one that’s changed. 

I crawl in my bed and say a silent prayer that god will keep my friends safe from harm. I can’t help but add a small request that Case will come home so I can talk to him and tell him how sorry I am. Tell him he is my best friend and not being able to speak to him or see him has been killing me. I will beg for his forgiveness. I need to know he doesn’t hate me. My eyes close and I picture his beautiful blond hair and blue eyes the kindness that is always clear to see on his face.
  

CHAPTER 60
Four days later we are all eating breakfast when Harris looks at me and says something that took me by total surprise. 

“I’ve been thinking about the hearing; I believe the angels did try to take your powers, but something stopped them from being able to.” 

“Why do you say that?”

“I’ve seen the council when they take powers from keepers, and as soon as they shut their eyes, they have always taken the keepers powers right then. With you on the other hand I watched, and they tried, and they tried some more, but they weren’t able to take your powers. You scared them so to cover their tracks. They played it off like they allowed you to keep your powers.”

“If what you’re saying is true why do you think they couldn’t take my powers? Have you ever seen the angels not be able to take powers before?”

“I’m not sure why they couldn’t do it and no; I've never seen anything like what happened with you. I doubt they’ve ever had that happen before. There’re not sure about you and that has them scared. They've always been leery of you and your powers but a few weeks ago you confirmed their fears.” 

“Are you or Summer ever afraid of me or why I’m able to do all the things I can?”

“No honey, not in the least, the way I see it God blessed you with more of him than he did the rest of us. He had his reasons for making you so special. I’m just honored he trusted your mother and I to be your parents. You have great powers and with those powers come a Great responsibility, and I know you can handle whatever it is that you were born to do.” 

I choked up. Before I know it I am up from the table and hugging my dad. He hugs me back, when I let go of him, I stare him in the eyes and say, “Thanks Dad.” 
He pulls me back into another hug. I thought my ribs would break if he didn’t let up soon. When I thought I may not be able to take my next breathe, he lets me go and says, “Thank You, I’ve waited over nineteen years to hear that.”

Smiling at him I say “you’re welcome.”

With breakfast done I start getting ready to do the routine I have gotten into over the past few weeks. I go to the gym for my three-hour workout before going to shower and going outside to walk the grounds for a few hours. I thought today I would take a book and blanket, maybe even an apple and something to drink and go upon the hill with the dog wood tree I love so much and read for a while. I’ve gotten into these murder mysteries and just started a new one called he loves me; he loves me not. Reading my book up by the dog wood tree sounds like a wonderful way to spend my day.  

Running up the stairs I change into my workout clothes a sports bra and shorts grab a towel from my bathroom and head to the gym. I see Dominick there as soon as I walk in, but I ignore him making my way to the free weights. I do some stretches before I start. After ten minutes of warming up, I start lifting weights with my ear buds in my ears and my music blasting, I tune everything out except the pain my muscles are in. I welcome the pain. The pain is how I know the weights are working. After two hours of doing nothing but lifting weights, I go to the treadmill to finish up my last hour. 

I see Dominick watching me but again, I choose to ignore him. I run my hour then slow the treadmill down to a slow walk to cool down. I see him walking towards me, but I never look his way. He stands in front of the treadmill and hits the off-switch. 

“Are you going to continue to act as if I’m not here?”

“I’m not acting like you’re not here. I’m working out.” 

“Alright if you say so, are you done now?”

“Yes Dominick I’m done. What do you want?”

“I was wondering if we could talk.”

“What do you want from me?” I question feeling drained from all of his ups and downs

“I don’t know I can’t explain it. I don’t want you to hate me for one thing?”

“Alright I don’t hate you. Are you happy now?”

“I’ve been back here almost a month now and …

“Dominick stop” I said holding up my hands. “You say that while you were gone what you went through changed you. Well, while you were gone what I went through changed me to. I’m no longer that girl. I’m sorry for whatever it is you’re going through. But I can’t help you. When I thought you, we’re dead I thought I was going to die. I hurt everybody that loved me. Then I found out you; were a live and I risked my life to save you. I dreamt the whole week before that I would save you, and we would make love and come back here and fight demons together and fall into bed every night holding one another. I was that stupid. But you will never get the chance to make a fool of me again. Whatever problem you have going on in that brain of yours, you will have to work it out on your own. I can’t help you anymore. I can’t take you hurting me anymore.” 

I left Dominick standing there staring at the spot where I had been standing. When I get in the hall, I blink myself to my bedroom strip off my clothes and take a fast shower. Washing away the sweat from my hair and body, I thought about Dominick and what he may have been trying to tell me. 

What if he had been going to tell me, he had been wrong that he did love me and couldn’t live without me? If he had to have this much time to think about his feelings for me, then they weren’t real. After my shower, I dry my hair and put on a pair of jeans and a long sleeved blue shirt and go to find him. I can’t leave things the way they are. It isn’t his fault his feelings for me had changed. We need to put the past to rest and start over. He is still in the gym sitting on one of the work benches. 

He stands up when he sees me coming toward him.” I’m sorry for the way I acted.” I say.

“It’s alright I deserved it. I’ve treated you horrible since I’ve been back.”

“You’ve been through a lot, and I should be more understanding, and I promise you that henceforth on I will be. I know you no longer feel the same way about me that you once did. Believe it or not I’ve accepted that. I would like to be your friend though if you still want to be.

“There’s never been a time that you haven’t been my friend. Would you sit down and talk to me please?”  
“Yeah sure” I say and sit on the end of the work bench next to where he had been sitting when I walked in here. He sits down beside me making sure he doesn’t touch me in anyway. He stares up at me for a few minutes then he lifts his hand up as if he is going to touch my face but then he changes his mind. Instead, he says. 
“Your hair is beautiful. I have always loved it. When I was on the fairy world and the tree people would be beating me, I would picture your hair and face that's what kept me going.” I was at a loss for words not knowing what to say so I sat there and let him talk.

“I lied to you when I told you I never loved you. I did love you. I loved everything about you. I knew you would come back for me that’s; what kept me going as long as I did. When I look at you now you take my breath away, I still want you, I want to touch you and kiss you and make love to you, or at least my body does. But my brain, on the other hand, wants the opposite. It’s like I’m at war with myself.”

“Dominick you ever thought that maybe you didn’t love me. That the feelings we had for one another was because of the circumstances, we always seemed to find ourselves in. Think about it. First off, we’re alone together with the pressure of saving my family and going up against Lucifer. I was in a low place at the time, and you had to be strong. If you think about it, that type of attraction goes back as long as there have been people. We never had the chance to explore what it was that we had going on. We never got to know one another other. Then you came here and I ran off and ended up on the fairy realm and once again; you came to my rescue when I was in trouble, and our connection was still there from the months prior. Maybe your feelings are more understandable than you think. You are still psychically attracted to me because of what we have been through together, but maybe you were never in love with me, you just thought you were. Like I thought I was with you.”

“How long have you been thinking about this?” He asked with the smile I hadn’t seen in a long time.

“Well, as you know, I’ve had a lot of time on my hands since I have been stuck on house arrest for the last few weeks, so thinking is about all I can do. 

“What do you feel for me Lana, please be honest?”

Calming myself down I try to decide if I should tell him the truth, then I conclude that I will be as honest with him as I can be but at the same time I need to end this for the both of us. That way he can stop feeling guilty and we can both get on with our lives. So yea I might have to fib a little too. 

“You know I’ve always thought of you as my Greek God”. I smile when I see his face turn red. “When I look at you, I don’t believe I’ve ever seen a man more beautiful than you are. I’m not going to lie to you; I still care about you. However, I’m ready to move on with my life and I would love for us to be able to be friends, but I’m not in love with you and I don’t believe I ever really was”. 

“Do you think it’s possible for us to be friends?”

“I know it’s possible. I’ve grown up a lot in the past few months, and I swear to you; I'll never try to be anything more to you other than your friend.”

“I’d like us to friends.” He says. 

“Good then as of today we start over. The past is behind us.” 

“That sounds good I’m glad we finally sat down together and worked everything out.”

Laughing I say “you know something I am too. I feel like a huge weight, has been lifted. Maybe this has worked out the way it was meant to.” We sat and talk for a while longer before I tell him I am going to go read my new book.

As I leave him I thought back about the night on the fairy realm when I faced Prince Osier, and he had told me I would never get the one thing I wanted most in the world. It hits me like a bolt of lightning to the head. He took Dominick’s love away from me. I guess he got his check mate. 
There is no reason for me to tell Dominick or anyone else, for that matter about this. He is alive, and that’s what’s important. I can deal with being his friend. It’s going to be hard. I still have deep feelings for him, but he will never know it. I will make sure of that. What I said to him is true I am ready to move on with my life. This is my new beginning.

With my book and blanket in hand, I stop by the kitchen pick up an apple and a juice then go out the kitchen door and start up the hill to my dogwood tree. 


CHAPTER 61
Once my blanket is spread out, I lie down and stare up at the beautiful dogwood tree. It stays in bloom year around. I watch as the wind carries the white and pink pedals’ everywhere. My blanket is covered in them. Picking up a hand full I blow on them and watch as they scatter from my hand mixing in with the other blooms the wind is blowing around. It almost appears like it is snowing. 

I open my book and start to read. I read for a while then put the book down and watch the tree and the blooms again. I love this spot. If I sit up, I can see the house below me, and if I look straight out I can see the whole city. I believe the part I love most is even though I can see down on the city and observe everything for miles on end. No one can see me upon the hill or the dogwood tree. It is like my own secret spot. The only other person I have ever shared this spot with is Case. He knows if he starts trying to find me and can’t I’ll always be here. Watching the blooms as the wind carries them away.

I pick my book back up and begin reading again. I read another about half an hour when I hear a voice shouting, from below “I thought this would be where I’d find you.” Throwing my book down, I jump to my feet and see Case coming up the hill. Without thought I take off running towards him. Lucky for me he's strong because my body collides with his, but he catches me. I throw my arms around his neck hugging him, loving the feel of his body. Tears fall down my face. Without thought I kiss his lips with everything I have in me. His body stiffened for a moment before he starts kissing me back. I deepen the kiss unable to get close enough to him. His hands run up and down my back. 

Pulling away from him, I kiss his cheek and hug him again before taking him by the hand and leading him to the dogwood tree and my blanket. I sit down on the blanket, pulling him down with me. 

“I’m so happy you are back; I've missed you so much. I’m so sorry Case about everything.” 

“I’m sorry too; I know you left because of me. I searched for you for a while, but I knew if you didn’t want to be found you wouldn’t be. I had no right to treat you the way I did. I know you only had feelings for me because of what your farther did to us. It’s not your fault you don’t love me. I’m glad Dominick’s not dead I know you saved him; I hope you both will be happy. I just hope we can still be friends.”

“Hello? It was you; I just kissed right?

He laughed a little “yeah sorry I guess I got a little carried away. You have to remember my feelings are real.”

“What are you talking about? Have you fought so many demons you’ve lost your mind, you didn’t get carried away; I was the one kissing you.”

“Lana you don’t have to worry about my feelings; I'm a grown man; I can handle it.”

“I’m not with Dominick. Case I’ve missed you more than I thought it was possible to miss anyone. I started to come back a lot of times, but then I would chicken out, afraid you would hate me and not want to see me.”

“What do you mean you’re not with Dominick?”

“I mean Dominick and I are not a couple!”

“I thought you loved him?”

“I believe the bond Harris had on me kept my mind so mixed up it didn’t know what it wanted. After he lifted the bond, and it had been gone a few weeks I started seeing things more clearly. Before I could come home, I met Saurian the fairy woman who asked for my help in rescuing all the fairy women from slavery. She is the one that told me Dominick was alive. I’m sure you know the story without me having to tell you. I know Harris told you everything on one of his visits to see how you guys were doing, by the way, how is it going down there?”

“It’s not good’ we’ve lost a lot of keepers. I was allowed to come in for a couple of days. When I go back Cain will come for his two days then Lisa will have her chance. I don’t know what’s going on. I don’t know how long we will be able to keep all the demons held back. I mean you know demons always come through the door one maybe two at a time daily. This isn’t like that, we're talking hundreds and if the door breaks as we fear it may. It will be Hell on earth. If that happens, I know the demons will start trying to break the shield and gain entrance to the keeper’s world.”

I told Case about Michael, coming to me when I had been in the comma and how he told me there was a great war coming, and I had to wake up because I played a big part in the war and the outcome.

“You haven’t told anyone else about this?”

“No, I thought I had dreamt the whole thing. I mean I’ve seen Michael a few times since then, and he’s never mentioned it to me.”

“Lana, angels are great at hiding things, especially if it’s something they don’t want anyone else to know. It seems like Michael had the heads up, and he already knows the door will break and the demons will be set free on earth. We have to find him and find out what he knows.” Case says and begins to get to his feet.

“Wait” I said pulling on Case’s arm. “I agree with you but can we stay here for a while just the two of us. I’ve missed you so much, and you only have two days. We haven’t seen each other in months, and I don’t want to share you with anyone right now.”

“Lana I want to say yes everything in me wants me to say yes but the last time I saw you, you were in love with Dominick and telling me that the feelings you had for me weren’t real. You told me you slept with him. That hurt me. I can’t explain to you how bad I hurt for a long time. I can’t go through that again.”

“I know I hurt you. I know it hurt you to find out that I had slept with Dominick. I wish I could take it all back. I would if I could, but I can’t all I can say is I was mixed up. I’m not asking you to take me back or for things to return to the way they used to be. I don’t want that either. I’ve changed. Case I’m a different person.” He doesn’t say anything but he never moved either.

Taking a chance I crawl over him straddling his legs and lift his head. When his eyes meet mine, I see the hurt, I caused him. “I swear to you I will never hurt you again. I’m not asking you to love me or to be my boyfriend. I’m just asking that we see what happens between us naturally. I want you to know I do love you. I have loved you since the first time I saw you. I will always love you, and this is me talking not some rune my dad used.”

I lower my head and kiss his lips. I felt his mouth open, so I deepened the kiss putting my hands in his hair I pull him closer to me. I love the feel of his lips. His hands go to my hair. His fingers running through it, he lays back and I go down with him. He stops kissing me and gazes into my eyes as he rubs my hair between his fingers. 

“You are so beautiful I never thought I would hold you like this again. I would dream of you every time I slept and wake up tortured the rest of the day by the dream knowing it hadn't been real.” 
“I’m real and you’re not dreaming” I say then kiss his lips again. Trying to tell him what I want with my kiss other than with words. He kisses me back and before long I feel him losing control. His hands run over my body his body pushing against mine, lifting his shirt up I run my fingers up and down his back.
Case lifts his head his mouth leaving mine. “We need to stop, things are starting to get out of hand here.”

Staring into his beautiful blue eyes I tell him, “Case you know how you've always told me you wanted our first time to be special something we would remember.” He never speaks he just continues to stare at me, so I go on. “This is that special place, and this is the perfect time. I want you to make love to me right here under our dogwood tree, with the blooms blowing across our bodies. This is our place it’s unspoiled by others it belongs only to you and me.” His eyes bore into my mine for a few more minutes’ before he speaks I hold my breath hoping he won’t turn me away.

“I love you Lana, you’ve held my heart since I was a small child. I’ve never stopped loving you, and I can’t believe you’re here with me sayings these words, I thought I had lost you forever.”

“You never lost me Case I may have gotten lost for a while, but you were always in my heart.”

His lips crash down on mine hard this time. I match him kiss for kiss. He sits up pulling his shirt over his head. I take the opportunity to remove my shirt. Lying back down I watch as his beautiful body comes back down on top of mine. He kisses my mouth my neck and slowly moves down. He opens the front clasp of my bra then pushes the cups aside exposing my breast he runs a finger over my nipple making it harden I moan then watch as he lowers his head and takes my harden nipple into his mouth and sucks it causing my breath to catch. He explores my body like it’s a fine wine. He takes his time and tells me repeatedly how much he loves me. We take our time removing each other’s clothes I explore his body and when I get to the part that is so hard for me I take it in my mouth. I hear him moaning my name and that makes me suck him deeper but I stop before he can cum because this time I want to make sure he is deep inside my body when that happens for both of us. Kissing my way back up his chest I kiss his lips then stare in his eyes. “I want you inside of me I want us both to come together with you inside my body I need to feel you inside me”.  
Case rolls me to my back as he comes over top of me he is using his arms he hold his body off mine his eyes locked to mine. Gliding my hand down his chest I go lower until my hand comes in contact with his cock. I guide it to my opening and he pushes his way in slowly. We both stop breathing but never lose eye contact and neither one of us moves for what seems like hours. Then I raise my hips taking him deeper and he groans and pushes against me. Then he pulls out and pushes back in again causing both me and him to groan together. We keep a slow pace our bodies being joined together for the first time seems unreal yet perfect and beautiful at the same time. We aren’t having sex we are making love. 
  Our fingers intertwine together and he whispers that he loves me in my ear. Then he takes my mouth again. Kissing me as if I am the oxygen he needs to breathe. I can feel the pressure building in me. 
“Case I’m fixing to cum baby” I tell him knowing I can’t hold out any longer.
“Oh thank God because I’m right with you” 
By the time he is saying the words I am already cuming then I feel him coming too. My body is milking his and we were both groan. His head had falls to the side of my head making his groans twice as loud since he is right in my ear.
A while later I am lying in his arms watching the blooms falling from the tree. I am happy for the first time in a long while and everything is perfect. Running my fingers up and down his bare stomach; he grabs my hand and interlocks our fingers. 

Laughing I said, “You may have played that off like you wanted to hold my hand, but I know you really did it because you’re so ticklish.”

“No I didn’t” he said laughing “I really wanted to hold your hand. You know we have to get up and go find Michael.”

“No you will have to find Michael. In case you’ve forgotten I’m on house arrest for another week.” 

“Aw…I did forget about that. I guess we can stay here a while longer before I go hunt him then.”

“Since we're both going to be lying here, you up for a second go before you leave?” I ask then kiss his lips.
 “I thought you would never ask.” 

I laugh but when I see the heat in Case’s eyes all my laughing stops. His head begins to bend down to mine, and I lift my head up to meet him. Our lips meet it doesn’t take long before our bodies are on fire. We join together moving as one. I whisper “I love you” right before we both go over the edge. Lying there out of breath all I want to do is take a nap. Case rolls on his back and pulls me with him. I lay there listening to his heart beat and almost fall asleep. 

“We have to go. I need to find Michael and bring him here to talk with you. If there is a big war coming, then we may want to go ahead and pull the keepers’ back from the gates, so we can regroup and make other plans.”

“I know I just hate to move.” 

“Come on we can get dressed then blink our self to the house, that way you don’t even have to walk. You look like you’re about to fall asleep.”

“I have a better idea why not blink ourselves to my bedroom that way I don’t have to get dressed, and I can take a nap until you get back. If you find Michael don’t blink him to my bedroom I’ll be in bed with nothing on waiting on you to get back home.” I watch as he put his clothes on. Wishing he wasn’t leaving. I want nothing more than to spend the whole day in his arms. As soon as he has his shoes on, he smiles at me. 
“Let’s get you to your bedroom.” We blink to my bedroom, and I crawl in my bed. he bends down and kisses me, and tells me he will be back as soon as he can. I watch as he blinks out before I close my eyes and fall asleep. 
 

CHAPTER 62
I can feel something shaking me telling me to wake up. But I didn’t want to wake up; I was dreaming and in my dream, Case had come home, and we had made love under the dogwood tree on the hill. He had forgiven me for everything I had done. I felt it again the shaking, and I heard Case’s voice telling me I have to wake up. I open my eyes and see his handsome face watching me. He kisses my lips then asked what I had been dreaming about that had such a smile on my face. 
“I was dreaming about you,” I said realizing that what I had been dreaming had really happened. I rose up and kissed his lips. “I love you so much I will spend the rest of my life proving to you just how much I do love you. Now why don’t you lay down with me, and I’ll show you exactly what we were doing in my dream.” I hear him moan, and I giggle knowing he knew what I had been dreaming about.

“As much as I want to and trust me, I really want to. You have to get up and put some clothes on; I found Michael; he's in the Library.”

That woke me up completely I jump up without anything on and run to my dresser to get some clothes. Pulling out a shirt and a pair of shorts I turn around to ask him if Michael had said anything to him and see he staring at my naked body. So instead I asked, “See anything you like?”

“I see a lot I like. Maybe Michael can wait for a while.”

I laugh as I pull the shirt over my head then slip my shorts on. I walk over to him and say, “You had your chance now you’ll have to wait until later.” Standing on the tip of my toes I kiss his lips and tell him, “I love you Angel boy” Using his hands, he pulls my long hair out from my shirt letting it fall down my back.
“I love you too more than words can ever tell you. You are my heart baby. Now let’s go talk to Michael so we can get back here and you can show me what all we we’re doing in that dream of yours.”

“Well then let’s go see what we can find out from Michael, so he will hurry up and get the hell out of here. It might take me a while to show you everything from my dream.” he groans making me laugh and I take hold of his hand linking our fingers together and we blink to the library.

Michael is standing there waiting on us, like the other angel's; he is dressed in a white suit with his white hair and blue eyes. However, I can tell Michael from the other angels easy. Maybe that has something to do with the fact that he had been the angel to give me my blood transfusion for my purification.

“Michael It’s good to see you” I said.

“It is always a pleasure to see you Lana.”

“You came to me while I was in the comma on the fairy realm, and you told me a war was coming, and that I played a big part in this war. I can’t remember word for word what you said, but I do remember that.”

“I thought you had forgotten my visit to you. After all we have seen each other a few times since then, and you never mentioned it.”

“I thought I had imagined it after you never mentioned it to me.” Michael walks over to the desk and picks up a pen, and I see him write something on a piece of paper. He turns around holding out the paper for me. I take it and Case and I read what he has written.

Lana 
They are watching and can hear everything we say. Are you able to use your powers to block us completely? I can’t speak to either you unless you can. After you read this node your head either yes or no to let me know then burn this paper.

I look at Michael and nod my head yes then hold up my hand letting them know not to say a word yet. I close my eyes and picture Case, Michael, and myself in a sound proof room. I am used to doing this, and it never requires me doing all this, but with the way Michael is acting, I want to make sure I have every shield possible in place. When I open my eyes, I walk to the fire place and call for “fire” and watch it blaze to life. Then I throw the paper in it and watch as it burn to ash. When I am positive there is nothing left of the paper, I stop the fire and spun back around. “Alright we’re safe nothing can hear what we say. Now you want to tell us what’s going on?” I question.

“You guys are fighting a losing battle by keeping the keepers at the gate. It’s a ploy the demons are keeping you busy while they are opening another door. I haven’t found out where the other door is, but I’m working on it.”

“Is Lucifer behind this?” Case asked.

“No he’s not. At this point, Lucifer is in hiding I think he has left hell. I believe it could be another Angel but to be honest I really don’t know.”
“Another angel? I asked stunned.”

“Yes it’s the only thing that makes sense. Someone has turned the demons against Lucifer. Lucifer is running scared right now. When I say angel, I don’t mean the angel’s you see. I mean an angel that’s older than time itself. They're called the firsts’ their older than God; they were here when the earth was void.”

“Hold it I thought God has always been?”

“You’re not understanding me God has always been but not on earth. He has always been in heaven when he decided to create life on earth he banished the firsts deep within the ground deeper than hell. There they have remained locked away and they are supposed to stay locked for all eternity.”

“Are you saying they're out now”? Case asked.

“Yes I’m almost positive they are, and I believe they have corrupted some of the angels in heaven.”

“How did they get out?” I asked.

“That’s where you come in Lana, you were born of two pure bloods meaning your mother was born a queen, and your father was born a king. Making your blood the first pure that has ever been but Harris and Summer hid you on earth in hopes of keeping you safe. Your parents didn’t know about the firsts or the power of your blood. Meaning every time you had a cut or your knee was scraped anything that allowed your blood to touch the earth the firsts fed on it becoming stronger. It was written that if two of pure blood, have a child that child will be both pure and impure.” 

“Are you saying I’m not pure?” 

“No you are pure, but your blood feeds in-pure.”

“How do we stop these firsts as you call them?”

“It was your blood that set them free, and it will take your blood to lock them away again.”

“What is that supposed to mean I know you are not saying Lana will have to die to stop whatever the hell it is you are talking about?  If that is what you are saying I’ll tell you right now it’s not happening, you might as well come up with another idea.” Case demanded in a loud angry voice?

“I’m not sure Case; I’ve been trying to find out. I’ve been researching day and night. All I know for sure is it’s going to take her blood to lock the first backup. I don’t know how much blood or how it’s supposed to work, but I’ll find out; I promise.”
“Do you think the demons will break through the new door?” I question deciding to deal with the blood thing later.

“Yes they will and it won’t be long either.”

“Do you have any thoughts on where the new door is, so we could put keepers there?”

“No, I have no idea where the new door is, and you couldn’t stop them, even if I did. They will break through, and it will be hell on earth. The only way to stop this is to find out what Lana has to do.”

“How long do you think we have before they break through?” Case inquired.

“I’m not sure, but I would say maybe a week, two at the most.”

“We have to tell the others” I said. 
“You may tell only the keepers that live in this house. No one else is to be trusted at the moment. Make sure you have your safe guards up when you talk so you can’t be heard. It’s vital the firsts never find out we are on to them.”

“Don’t worry I’ll keep the safe guards around us all from this point on.”

“You can’t keep the safe guard around me. If the angels notice they can’t reach me whenever they want that will led to questions and right now I’m not sure which angels, we can trust. You guys have to act like you always have when you’re around any of the angels. Never let on you know anything other than the demons are breaking out and there’s a war on its way. I need to go now I’ve spent too much time under your shield as it is.”

“Wait before you go, I have one more question.”

“Alright hurry and ask I really have to get back.”

“Why is it that the angels couldn’t take my powers when I went before the council?”

“I wondered that myself and even did a little research and from what I can tell you are different from other keepers. You know of course you have powers no other keepers have. You are one of a kind and now that you have been purified there is only one that can take your powers, and that is God. From the time, you were conceived in your mother womb the heavens and God made you special. You we’re created to save the world.”

“How can you say that if I hadn’t been born this wouldn’t be happening.”
“That is where you are wrong, the firsts would have escaped anyway and God knew this”. 
“What God didn’t know at the time is your parents would hide you on earth, and your blood would feed the firsts, He thought you would live here in the keeper’s world. You were and still are his weapon against the firsts. This is what you were created for. This is your destiny Lana. I must go now, but I’ll let you know something when I find out more my friend's Goodbye.”

Michael disappeared leaving Case and me standing there staring at nothing. The only thing I can think about is I had read a book almost a year ago on how the keepers world came to be and in that book there had been a statement that had said something about two of pure blood will create one that is  impure. The book had been talking about me even though it had been written hundreds of years ago.

“Are you ok?”

“Yeah…sure why wouldn’t I be I’ve just found out I was created for my blood. I may have even been created to die.
“Hey that’s not going to happen. We will find out what we have to do with your blood, and we will do it, but if it calls for your death, then we will find another way.” Case said wrapping his arms around me.

“Do you think we need to wake everyone up and tell them about this?” I ask him while he holds me in his arms.

“Nah…let them sleep; I believe it can wait until morning. Right now I seem to remember you making me a promise a while ago.”

“Do you really” I asked smiling already feeling my body heat up at just his words. “So your room or mine hot stuff?” I asked.

“I think your room will be fine” he said kissing me.

“What are we waiting on then?”

We were still kissing when we blink to my bedroom. We fall on the bed together our hands touching each other everywhere. He makes me forget about everything other than the way my body reacts to his touch. A long time later we lay together our limbs intertwined my head on his chest his arms around me. We discuss what we found out from Michael tonight, and I beg him not to go back to the gate to stay with me at least for the next week until we can go together.

“You know I can’t do that Lana; I would love to, there’s no place I’d rather be than right here with you, but that wouldn’t be right, and you know it.”

“I don’t care if it’s fair or not I just want us to be together.”

“We will be I swear to you for the next week until you’re off house arrest, I’ll blink home anytime were allowed some down time to sleep.” 

“Do you think I could ask the council about maybe letting me off house arrest a week early so I can help with the fight?”

“No I don’t Michael was right we have to act like we always have, and I’m afraid if you asked them something like that they may start figuring out what we know. You have to remember Michael thinks some of the angels may be corrupted. You need stay here finish out the week. Don’t worry about me, now that I have you back, I’m not about to go and get killed.” 
 

CHAPTER 63
I moan in protest at the alarm clock. Case’s arms are wrapped around me; it doesn’t take long until I am moaning about something completely different. He kisses my neck his hands running up and down my body. I can’t believe it’s possible for me to be this turned on and want him this bad after the night we spent together. Rolling towards him, I kiss him back, he reaches over and turns off the alarm clock, and I slid over the top of his body kissing him then I sit up feeling how hard he is and I take him in my body and start riding him, his hands hold my hips we never say a word but this time we don’t make love. We have hard core sex. I ride him hard until we are both breathless and moaning and we both come just as hard. It’s over an hour later before we are dressed and down stairs. We were hoping Summer, and Harris, will still be in the dining room eating breakfast.

Lucky for us when we walk in not only are my parents there, but Dominick is there as well. I felt the tension in Case’s body when he sees him. Giving his hand a squeeze, I pull him over and give him a long kiss and whisper “I love you and only you” before we sit down beside each other at the table I never let go of his hand. This seems to make him relax somewhat. 

Looking toward Dominick, I see his face is void of any expression at all. Why I thought he may be jealous is beyond me. I know the prince has taken away his love for me. I mean he still finds me attractive, but that is a guy thing. Besides I think… No, I know things worked out for the best. If we make it through this war maybe one-day Dominick will find somebody he can love. It kills me to even think about him with somebody else. However, looking toward Case, I know I have done the right thing. He makes me happy and he loves me, and I will never do anything to hurt him again I’d rather die first. I love him with all my heart. 

Our love making hadn’t been the way it had been between Dominick and me, but I didn’t want it to be the way it had been with him. What Case and I have is great, it’s perfect and beautiful it’s the way it’s supposed to be between two people and I’m happy. I still love Dominick but what good does it do to love somebody that will never be able to return that love. Trying to find the Prince and make him take the spell off would be like trying to find a fortune at the end of a rainbow. It will never have happen. I am just happy Dominick is alive and safe and I hope one day he will find someone he can love that will make him happy.

I hadn't taken down the shields from the night before, and I won’t until everything is back to normal. I start telling Harris, Summer and Dominick about what Michael had told us. Making sure to tell them they can’t tell another soul except Lisa and Cain, and they have to wait until they are here before saying anything to them.

We spend the rest of the morning discussing the situation and how we could do our own investigation without making anyone suspicious. I tell them about the book I had read when I first arrived here and how I thought it may help us. Harris tells me that book is like a Bible would be on earth, and he thought it would be a good idea for us to start there.

“How long are you here for Case?” Harris asked.

“I’ll have to leave tomorrow then Cain will come.”

“I want to go back as you go Case, I’m strong enough now to fight” Dominick tells him.

“Alright” Case replies but I see his muscles tighten in his face as he answered Dominick.

The rest of that day Case and I are inseparable we are always touching even if it’s just holding hands. I know our time together is running out. Tomorrow, he will leave and go back to the gate to fight and the only thing I can do for the next week is pray he will be alright. A small part of my mind prayed that Dominick will be safe as well. I will always care for him. 
I know I have done the right thing with Case, and I will stay true to him until the end of time. Never again will I allow anything to separate us. Last night we made love all night long knowing it would be the last time for God knows how long with what lays ahead of us. I am still awake when the sun rises the next morning. I know he will be leaving me and the pain I feel in my heart at him going is killing me. I am so deep in my own thoughts it surprises me when he speaks.

“You haven’t been to sleep have you?”

“No all I can’t keep my mind off the fact that you are leaving me today and how miserable I’m going to be with you gone.”

“It’s not like I’m going to be gone forever Lana plus next week you will be able to join me.”

“You act like this doesn’t bother you at all” I said mad.

“Awe...honey of course I hate leaving you. I had much rather be with you than fighting demons. The only good thing coming from this is that Dominick is coming with me, so I don’t have to worry about him being around you.”

“Hey I choose you. If I had wanted him, he’s been here all this time I could have been with him.” I didn’t add the fact that Dominick no longer wanted me. If I told Case that he would believe I chose him only because Dominick didn’t want me and that’s simply not true.

“Lana I want to ask you a question.” 

Kissing his lips I said, “You can ask me anything.”

“I love you, you know that right?”

“Yes of course I know that. I love you too.” He doesn’t say anything, and I start to wonder if something is wrong.  “What’s wrong? I’ve never seen you like this, you’re sweating right now. You're scaring me. What is it?”

“Give me a minute okay”

“Alright take your time.” After a few moments, he clears his throat.

“Lana I love you and I want you to marry me.”

I wasn’t expecting that one. I look at him not knowing how to answer. Then I thought maybe he was joking around with me, so I laugh and said, “Yeah right.” When I see the look that across his beautiful face I know he isn’t joking with me at all he means it. “You’re serious aren’t you?”

“Yeah I am.” 

“Don’t you think we are a little young to get married?”

“No I don’t think age matters. It’s how we feel about each other. I know there will never be anyone else for me other than you. I’ve loved you from the first time I saw you when we were kids. I want to grow old with you. I want to have kids with you. I want to wake up every morning to see your beautiful face.”

“Case I love you too, but I can’t answer you right now this is something I’ll have to think about. I mean this is a huge deal”

“Alright how about this you think about it and when we win this war and send the firsts back into the earth locked away again for another eternity you give me your answer.”

Smiling I kiss his lips, “Agreed I will give you my answer then.”

We stay in my bedroom until it’s close to time for him to leave. He wants to say good bye to Harris and Summer plus see if Dominick is ready to leave. He pulls me out of bed making me get dressed.
We find Dominick in the dining room eating, his bags already packed and waiting in the library. Summer and Harris are in the library reading over the Bible of the keeper’s world when we walk in.

“It’s time for me to go, and I wanted to say good bye to you both before I left.” Harris stands up pulling Case into a hug telling him to be careful. Summer comes up hugging him telling him she loves him and that he better not get hurt or he’d have to deal with her. He tells her he loves her and not to worry about him.  

 He walks over to me and kisses me deeply then hugs me tight to his muscled chest. He tells me he loves me and I tell him I love him, when he lets go, I see Dominick has come in the room at some point. Harris and Summer both hug him and tell him to take care of his self. I didn’t hug Dominick, but I did tell him to be careful and to come back home safe. Case and Dominick stand side by side. Case looks me in the eyes. 
“You better think about the question I asked you this morning. I’ll be expecting an answer very soon.”

I smile at him and say, “don’t worry I doubt I’ll be able to think about anything else.” As they blink out I hear Case say I love you Lana.”

I turn to my parents and said, “Have you guys found anything yet?”

“We’re still looking but we did find the part where it talks about two of pure blood will have one impure blood we are trying to see if we can find anything about the firsts but, so far nothing” Harris said.

“Maybe Michael will come up with something soon right now I think I’m going to go take a long hot bath.”

“Lana” Summer said as I turned to leave “lets you and I go have a mother-daughter talk for a little while."

I really wasn’t in the mood for one of our mother-daughter talks, but I know she won’t give up until I agreed so I say, “sure that sounds great.” We walk outside to Summer's dead garden. Laughing I ask, “When are you ever going to give up on this?”

“Hey you wait and see one day I’ll get the hang of it, and this whole garden will thrive with beautiful flowers. When you give up on something you love you give up on your dreams.”

I knew she was using the flowers as a metaphor, so I shrugged my shoulders and said, “Alright if you say so.”

“Things between you and Case seem to be back to the way they use to be.”

“Yeah I guess you could say that.”

“So you’re through with Dominick?”

“Guess you could say that too.”

“Come on I think I deserve better answers than that.”

“Alright let me ask you a question.”

“Ask a way” Summer said.

“When you look at Dominick do you still see him in love with me?” She doesn’t say anything for for a long time I thought she wasn’t going to answer but finally she does.

“No I don’t and I can’t understand it. When I look at you, I see your love for him.”

“Dominick will never love me again the prince made sure of that somehow.”

“What do you mean?”

“Before Prince Osier disappeared, he told me I would never have what I wanted most in the world that he had made sure of it. He also told me he had bound him and Dominick together, and if I killed him Dominick would die. I let him go because I wasn’t sure if he was telling me the truth or not. I did, however, find out what he meant by I would never have what I wanted most though. Somehow, he used an incantation to stop Dominick from loving me.”

“So you turned to Case as a second choice?”

“NO! Case is not a second choice even if you can’t see it, I do love him; he's my best friend he’s always been there for me.”

“Honey I do see your love for him. I see you love him as your best friend. I also see that when you look at Dominick you light up in a way you don’t when you look at Case.”

“Well things are over between Dominick and me. Case is good for me, and I’m good for him.”

“I just want to make sure you are happy.”  She says.

I sat there for a few minutes then said, “Case asked me to marry him.”

The look on her face never changes as she asked, “What did you tell him?”

“I told him I needed time to think about it.”

“Are you going to say yes?”

“I don’t know what I’m going to say, but I do know that I could be happy with Case, I do love him and in time I’m positive I will forget my feelings for Dominick completely.”

“Is that what you want… to forget your feelings for Dominick?”

“Yeah it is…why waste my life pining away for a guy, who will never feel the same way about me. I’m done. I’ve been through too much I’m ready to move on. Is that so unbelievable?” 

“No, not at all and I’ll back you as long as you’re not using Case as a replacement?”

“I swear Case is not a replacement; he's my future. Dominick’s my past and that’s where he needs to stay.” 

“That’s good enough for me honey” Summer said then hugged me.

With our talk done I went to my bedroom instead of taking the bath I was planning on. I fell on my bed pulled the covers over my head and fell asleep. I slept the rest of that day and all night that without waking up. When I opened my eyes for the first time I see it is six thirty the next morning. Crawling out of bed, I brush my teeth braid my hair and slip on a sports bra and a pair of shorts and go to the gym to work out.

I work out for, four hours making up for the days I missed. I go back to my bedroom and take a shower dried my hair brushing it out and leaving it hanging down my back in waves. After getting dressed, I head to the dining room to meet Summer and Harris for breakfast.

We had just started eating when Case, Dominick, Cain, and Lisa all blink in. Case says, “it’s started the demons broke through the gate. Theirs hundreds of them, maybe even thousands by now, Keepers we’re being killed everywhere we had no choice, but to blink out or be killed. The demons will reach earth within a day or two.”
I run to him hugging him tight to me as tears fall down my face. I know without a doubt if it takes every drop of blood I have in my body to insure the safety of humans and the keeper’s world and everyone I love, I will gladly die.  






Book two of Forgotten and Destined coming soon. Please watch for it! 























