

FORSAKEN
THE SCREAMERS, BOOK 1
CONNIE ANN MICHAEL

FORSAKEN
The Screamers, Book 1
By Connie Ann Michael
Copyright 2017 Connie Ann Michael
Smashwords Edition

Published by Anaiah Surge
An imprint of Anaiah Press, LLC.
7780 49th ST N. #129
Pinellas Park, FL 33781

This book is a work of fiction. All characters, places, names, events are either a product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any likeness to any events, locations, or persons, alive or otherwise, is entirely coincidental.
All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce this book or portions thereof in any form. For inquiries and information, address Anaiah Press, LLC., 7780 49th ST N. #129 Pinellas Park, Florida, 33781
First Anaiah Surge ebook edition May 2017
Edited by Kara Leigh Miller
Book Design by Eden Plantz
Cover Design by Danielle Doolittle

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only and remains the copyrighted property of the author. Please do not redistribute this book for either commercial or noncommercial use. If you enjoyed this book and would like to share it with another person, please encourage them to download their own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



To my husband who helped me find my path back to my faith.

Acknowledgements
My experiences in the publishing world have taken me on a journey, one where I lost my way and found myself floundering. I cannot thank my husband enough for being the beacon I needed to find my way back to my path and my walk with the Lord. Thank you also to my publisher and editors that give me the opportunity to write about a love that fills my heart and share my faith with others.



For your sake we face death all day long.
We are considered as sheep to be slaughtered.
Romans 8:36


Chapter 1

I’d worked in the garden all day, digging up dry, hard dirt in an attempt to thin out weeds that were indistinguishable from the edible plants. I sat back on my heels and looked around at the others digging with sticks and crude tools bent from scraps of metal. I thought back to a history book I’d found in the school across the street from where our tiny speck of civilization sat. The pictures of the cities were faded, but the grandeur couldn’t be dulled. The sun shone from the great heights of the buildings like stars guiding people through their lives. Lives that were full and held the hope of growth and diversity. Lives that were lost, and lives I would never know. I devoured news from the past. I’d read every book I could find until the day the Governor took over and sent the Guard in to gather them all and burn them in a huge bonfire to show us the past no longer mattered.
Only the future mattered now. The future he would make for us.
I’d hidden a few of my favorite books and then ripped out pictures that spoke to me of what could be once more. I had them in my pockets until the day one fell out and the Guard, a group of empowered teenagers doing the dirty work for the Governor, found them. My arms were bound to a table in the middle of the compound, and my hands were hit with a switch twenty times before I was left as an example. My transgression—hope—was the first of the rules scratched on to the wall of rules. Of course, it said act of defiance.
Defiance of what?
Defiance of a rule that took the past and left it there?
I kneeled at the table until dusk when my friends, Bliss and Coi, were allowed to release me. I was expected to continue my duties in the garden the next day as if my hands weren’t sore, swollen, and bloody; as if nothing had transpired.
Take your punishment and step back into the predictable path of your life.
I was much more careful after that and folded the photographs until they were small squares and hid them among my possessions, only giving myself the luxury of carrying one hidden deep in my pocket. After more than ten years behind these fences, we had little to show other than a belief system that was the backbone to salvation slowing being taken from us. Even though I didn’t agree with rules outlined and constantly being revised without question or input from those living under them, this was the only home I’d known since arriving when I was nine.
It was desolate and dying a little more every day, but it was a refuge for those of us who refused to give up a chance of survival. We paid for our residence through tedious chores that never seemed to get us closer to breaking the barrier between survival and living. Every day we woke to the monotonous tasks, doing what needed to be done to earn our place and not be forsaken into the abyss of death waiting outside our fences.
Most days, I found my refuge in the skeleton of a school just outside the safety zone of the chain link. A place once filled with knowledge and guidance but now a shell of a world left far behind.
Dusk had settled, along with a light drizzle. I’d left my tools in the shed after my chores and had spent the last hours of daylight in the school with History books and the Bible I had hidden deep in the bowels of a dilapidated classroom. I’d found loose pages in a pile of trash that listed the nine things needed before a world was considered a civilization; a written language, a belief system, a stable food supply, government, art, ways to improve life, a social structure, lasting settlements, and a trade or economics. If this list was accurate, we had a long way to go before we were considered anything more than a group of young people camping in the middle of what used to be a sports field. I began to cross over the make-shift bridge the Guard had strung between the school and the rickety guard tower they’d erected. I usually slipped through the gate to walk the short distance across the road and through the doors of the school, but I’d waited too long and the path back to the barrier was filled with the infected, the screeching noise of their breathing, earning them the name Screamers, floated up from the road below. I stopped, daring to look down at the small space between my feet and the dozens of clawing fingers reaching up in the small chance they could snag my pants or a shoelace and bring me to my death. I inched forward, hearing the deep rasp of a cough before I saw the figure waiting on the other side of the bridge. I glanced up at the clouds, darkening as they filled with the poisoned rain they would tease us with. A wetness that wouldn’t bring life but instead kill the small plants we nurtured and damage the health of the young who eagerly drank from the barrels before the water was purified.
The cough came again, and as I neared the other side, the tall figure of my best friend, Coi, emerged.
"Bliss missed her work duty for the day," his words came out quickly.
"I’ll find her." I didn’t wait for an explanation, there wasn’t time. I needed to find her before Bliss’s punishment became a new revision on the wall of rules.
Coi grabbed my arm, stopping me. "I was sent after her. She’s at the fence but won’t come back with me. I can’t stall the Guard long."
"I told you, I’ll get her." I stomped down the stairs and took off at a run.
It was her first absence in months, so the punishment would more than likely be a warning. I prayed it would be a warning and nothing more, but I needed to make sure if she was doing anything more than missing work that I got to her before anyone else did. I needed to know she was okay and keep her that way. It didn’t take long to find her. The barrier wasn’t that big.
"Missed you at the garden today," I said quietly, walking up behind her. Bliss was eleven, and I’d practically raised her even though I was a kid myself. She was sitting on the ground watching a small group of Screamers milling around a pile of… of something I didn’t want to know what it was. The barrier was surrounded by trees that, at one time, I was sure provided a cool shade from the sun. Now the needles were red with what looked to be the same fate as us. The school we’d settled in was away from a town I assumed lay out past the trees. I’d always thought it was why it was chosen in the early years… for its seclusion. No one alive today had ever gone farther than the school across the broken road. Very few buildings lay further, a long patch of runway from what use to be an airstrip, but legend had it the large metal buildings housed a mass of those who died from infection, and going that far from the barrier was listed on the wall of laws, so no one I knew ever ventured that way.
"There’s plenty of people to clean the gardens. You don’t need me," she muttered. Her fingers were laced into the metal links of the fence, her eyes glued to the slumped figures across a small dirt patch.
"It’s best we leave them to…"
"To what?" Bliss questioned. Her mood concerned me. Bliss was the happy one. The one whose real name I couldn’t even remember. We all called her Bliss because of her never ending cheer.
I looked at the ground, the water collecting in rounded mounds over the caked earth, not yet soaking into the tightly pressed dirt, and wondered the same thing. It was best we let them be. It was best we left them to do whatever it was they did without anyone watching. "I don’t know, Bliss, but you don’t want to watch them."
Bliss turned to me. "Our existence means nothing if we don’t honor the dead."
I tried not to flinch at her words. "Honor the dead?"
"They were just like us until their luck changed. I don’t think they mean to hurt us. They want to survive… so do we."
I looked at a woman who stood swaying slowly back and forth on the other side of the barrier. Her face was unrecognizable, but even with clothes in tattered strips and covered in mud, I knew who she was. This woman had been the last of what would be considered an adult in our small community of safety. I sighed again and understood what had kept Bliss from her work. The woman had been Bliss’s aunt.
I didn’t want to argue the fact that their need to survive was futile seeing as they were as good as dead, infected with a sickness that if there was a chance of a cure, we certainly didn’t have any way of finding it, but I also didn’t want to agree with her. The Governor had been in control for a few short years, and words used when discussing the methods he had for removing those who questioned him had to be chosen more carefully these days.
Bliss stared out into the growing darkness. "She didn’t do anything wrong."
"She questioned," I said quietly.
"And is that so wrong?"
I shook my head no, but in my heart I knew it was dangerous to question the Governor and his methods. I understood his need to control us. In the beginning, there was no organization and mistakes were made that we continue to pay for today.
"She told the guard she was too sick to work. She snuck out when they were watching the gate." She glanced up at me. "She was with child." Her big eyes blinked and a tear fell. "I would have had a cousin."
I opened my mouth to respond, but words had left me. I wasn’t sure where to start on the list of disturbing questions her words put in my head. The biggest being why she thought her aunt had had a choice in her exile. Finally, I said, "I’m sorry."
"It was her terms not theirs." Bliss let out a long breath, releasing her negativity. "Tell me something good." She wiped at her cheeks with one hand. Her knuckles whitened as she gripped the fence tighter with the other. I placed my hand over hers. When darkness fell completely and the Screamers became frenzied for food, they would come for something as small as a finger. Even the smallest scratch from their infected nails could cause the infection to spread.
"You’re here for a reason. If you weren’t supposed to be here, you wouldn’t be," I said.
The rasps of the Screamers were getting louder as the sky became fully dark and the rain began.
"Please, Bliss," I whispered. "Please. Come to dinner with me."
One of the Screamers came to us, head cocked to the left, jaws chomping at nothing. Bliss took a step back, finally letting go of the fence.
The vacant eyes of the walking corpses drew me in. Many called them lost souls, but they weren’t. These were empty shells of people. People who’d been loved. I’d spent many hours looking into the weeping, yellow eyes of the sick, trying to understand. But when there is nothing in them, there’s nothing to find.
"Please," I said again.
Bliss didn’t divert her eyes from where they stared. "You can go, Oli."
"No. Come with me."
She turned and met my stare. "I need her to know I’m here. I’ll survive for her, and I want her to get strength from that."
I pressed my lips to her temple. "I love you, Bliss. But you can’t be found here. Illness is the only excuse for absence. You can’t stay."
Reluctantly, she agreed and returned with me to the large building where dinner was waiting. The Screamers rarely returned to the barrier. Her aunt had slipped away in the morning. Escaped, we told ourselves. Trying to find others and then return with a great flourish to tell us the world had returned just a few miles down the road. It was best we kept those dreams alive. It was better than the alternative, the one where the Guard led her into the vacant world outside our walls without even a simple weapon. No one who left ever returned. The Guard made sure of that, and I highly doubted it was her aunt. This was just a woman wearing the same dress who happened upon us. I looked down at my own clothes and wondered if this was an outfit I wanted to wear while I walked the earth as a Screamer.


Chapter 2

"Everything okay?" Coi whispered into his thin vegetable soup.
Bliss and I slipped in to the musty building where a long table had been set up with benches on each side, trying to avoid the notice of the Guard. The Guard sat toward the end by the door, numbering about twenty. Coi was the last member of the Guard on the side we sat. I was assigned the seat next to him and I pulled Bliss in between us. Talking was not encouraged and a few members of the Guard walked behind us, pushing against our backs as they maneuvered through the narrow space, pushing with more force if we were attempting to have a conversation.
Knowledge is power.
I saw those words on a sign in the school and believed whole heartedly the Governor did, too. If we didn’t talk, we couldn’t share our thoughts and fears.
I shrugged and tried to will Bliss and myself invisible by mimicking the movement of my spoon with the people around me.
Coi’s hand casually fell below the table and landed on my thigh. I took comfort in his small gesture, but before I could appreciate it, he quickly returned his hand to the side of his bowl.
To most of the barrier, Coi was my brother.
We weren’t actually family, at least not by blood. His parents had died early on and just like I’d raised Bliss, Coi and I raised each other. If relations were measured by time together, Coi and I had been siblings from the minute we met and if the people of our barrier remembered we weren’t related, they chose to forget.
Dinner had barely begun when Ben entered the structure. The Guard dropped their spoons and stood, chairs scraping in the dirt. My hand froze, my own spoon elevated in the air above my bowl as Coi stood with them. I dropped my chin to my chest and began praying silently. Be a warning. Please be a warning.
"Oli?" Bliss’s voice was so small. Her entire being was small due to a lack of nutritious food. I couldn’t let them punish her. I dropped my hand to her leg and gave it a small squeeze. I’d take care of her. I’d always take care of her.
Ben walked the length of the table. Everyone stared at the bowl before them, avoiding making eye contact. Ben was the head of the Guard. He never ate with us. I assumed he ate with the Governor, seeing as he never ate with us either.
I looked up in calm defiance. Refusing to drop my gaze, I kept my eyes trained on him. Ben was older than me by a year and shared the same build as Coi: tall, lean, and muscular. His long black hair was pulled back in a low ponytail. His dark eyes met mine with equal determination. I wouldn’t let them hurt Bliss.
Ben stopped in front of Bliss. "I hear you missed your chores today."
"She was feeling poorly," I blurted out.
Ben raised an eyebrow and looked from Bliss to me. "Looked fine to me sitting out by the fence."
Bliss smartly remained silent, head bowed.
"Governor set your punishment." Ben leaned his bat in the crook of his arm. "You need to come with me."
I stood, my chair falling behind me. Coi grabbed for my shoulder to push me back down, but I twisted to the side so he couldn’t get hold. "Shouldn’t we decide punishment as a group?"
Ben laughed. "No."
"She was feeling sick," I said again.
"She wasn’t sick. The men saw her staring out at a group of Screamers half the day. She was being a schlep."
I glanced down at Bliss. A tremor moved through her. Schlep was a word rarely used in the barrier. One reserved for those who didn’t do their part, didn’t care about the greater good of those left behind. It was the ultimate insult.
"It’s the first time." I clenched my fists, willing myself not to make the situation worse by saying something I shouldn’t. Bliss didn’t deserve the insult. "She won’t do it again."
Ben looked down the length of the table. For a brief moment, I thought I saw compassion, but then it changed to the blank stare of someone who blindly followed a Governor who gave power to those who needed the reassurance of control. "And this punishment will ensure that."
"I’ll take it," I said, moving around the table to where Ben stood.
"Oli," both Coi and Bliss said at the same time.
I glanced back but didn’t hesitate when I repeated my offer. "I’ll take the punishment."
"Since when is punishment a choice?" Ben snickered. "You want to be punished, then break one of our laws."
"I’ll go in her place," I repeated my offer.
I felt Coi’s posture deflate at my offer. "You don’t even know what it is," he muttered under his breath.
Ben smiled slyly, looking from Coi to me. "Don’t you want to know what it is before you offer yourself?"
"It doesn’t matter." I stood straighter.
"Well, it does to the Governor, and he doesn’t want you." Ben pointed at Bliss. "He wants her."
"What difference does it make?"
Ben seemed concerned by my question and glanced around at the rest of the group.
"She’s more likely to not do it again if she sees her friend taking the punishment," I said with more courage than I was feeling. I didn’t know what I was getting myself into. I looked around to see if anyone would stand up for me but all heads were bowed and all eyes were down. Except for Coi.
"I’ll take the punishment," Coi said.
"This is getting ridiculous." Ben shook his head. "Sit down. You’re a member of the Guard. You can’t take her punishment. You’re the one who gives it."
"I—" Coi started.
"Whatever it is, I’ll take it," I interrupted.
Ben shot Coi a look, and he didn’t argue the point any more.
The silence in the room was deafening. I prayed the punishment wasn’t to drag me out of the barrier and tie me to one of the posts they used to prove their laws weren’t to be broken. Not that I wanted the same fate for Bliss, but I wasn’t ready to die that way. Ben grabbed my collar and pulled me outside into a light drizzle, a burst of noise erupting behind us. The people of the barrier filed out after us. Entertainment was at an all-time low, so as pathetic as it made us all seem, the breaking of the rules did break up the monotony. To watch the punishment be brought down was two-fold; one, it proved you would suffer the consequences for breaking the Governors rules, and two, it deterred others from following suit. I was dragged to the wall of rules, my head pulled back, forced to read our meager constitution. I scanned quickly to see what I was facing and the little soup I’d eaten threatened to return. Charcoal had scratched out the previous punishment for missing work, a day without meals, and in a messy scrawl the words "thirty lashes" had been added.
"Put your hands on the table and kneel." Ben pushed me to the same table I’d kneeled at when they’d found the pictures I’d hidden, however that time, I’d endured only twenty extremely painful lashes across my hands.
Ben pulled a long switch from the wall and stepped to Coi, shoving it toward him. "You’re part of the Guard now. She offered to take the punishment. You give it to her."
I closed my eyes and prayed for it to be over fast then kneeled in the damp earth.
"You know—" Coi started, but was quickly cut off.
Ben shoved the switch into Coi’s chest. "Do it."
Coi and Ben had a brief stare down before he ripped the long, flexible stick from Ben’s hands. He moved to the side of the table while Ben tied my arms to the rough surface. Coi’s eyes were filled with anger and regret over what he needed to do. I hated Ben for punishing not only me but Coi as well.
Coi didn’t say the words but his expression was all I needed to know this was going to hurt him as much as it was me.
"Thirty lashes," Ben announced and stepped back. "Make sure you don’t give mercy just because she’s someone you care for."
Coi set his jaw and raised the switch. With a flick of his arm, he brought the thin branch down across my palms. I held in my cries the best I could until the skin broke, the sting of each strike mixed with the rain as blood pooled beneath my hands.


Chapter 3

Coi wasn’t in our room when I woke up. I didn’t remember him laying down after he carried me to our room, apologizing over and over for the condition of my hands.
He rarely got up before me, which meant he hadn’t slept here last night. My heart hurt worse than my hands at the mess Bliss’s show of defiance had brought to us. Coi was a new member to the Guard, and his refusal to follow Ben’s order would have caused a worse outcome. However, I knew Coi didn’t see it that way. He saw it as a show of weakness, and although he was a rule follower, he also was a young man who saw his duty to protect me.
I positioned myself against one of the metal beams supporting the bleachers, placing my hands against the coolness in an attempt at some relief. A small overhang provided a bit of shelter from the rain, which had yet to let up. I didn’t dare arrive to work late after yesterday. I couldn’t take another round with the switch, but I was worried about leaving before he returned. I flexed my sore knuckles and winced as I scanned the field. Bliss had shown up at my room late into the evening and helped wrap clean rags around my bloody hands. Coi had made a bed for her and had her sleeping a short distance away. She was distraught over my pain and cried herself to sleep.
I sighed and carefully reached into my pocket, pulling out the tiny folded piece of paper I’d chosen yesterday. The photograph was creased and worn from constant folding. It had been taken from above the Earth and only showed a portion of the world, but it glowed with all the lights of civilization. It reminded me of how small we truly were in this world. It also reminded me how far we were from being a civilization again. My heart hurt that Bliss had been born after the world had fallen. She didn’t understand how justice worked. How the strong should watch out for the weak, not constantly change the rules we were playing by and punishing us for not keeping up. Bliss wasn’t the only one who was fooled. So many of the Barrier had given up and simply accepted the Governor’s word as truth.
The Governor had been our saving grace, had moved us from a chaos of overusing our small cache of resources to working toward a common good. No one thought the sickness would last so long. Every year that passed gave us hope that it would be the last, but it hadn’t taken long for the helicopters and jets to stop flying over. I think I was ten when the last sound of an engine was heard. It had been longer since we had seen someone new come upon our outpost. At eighteen, I’d hit the halfway mark. Nine years of life before and nine years of life locked behind fences that were supposed to protect, while instead I felt like they were taking the air from me. We were desperate for direction and even the older members of the barrier followed his juvenile rules at first. But in the last few years, any members of our tribe over twenty had left, either by choice or by forced encouragement, and I’d begun to question the Governor’s intent. Question his apparent cleansing of the barrier.
I stretched stiffly. Most recently I began to question the purpose of his sudden revision of the rules. Those who crossed the Governor were meant to be made an example of in front of those left behind. His grandiose speeches told of working together and respect for the laws, but I doubted that was the idea behind his punishments. He was making a show of control, and we’d been turned into sheep.
"Hey." Coi came around the corner, putting a hand on my shoulder. "You okay? You look a million miles away."
"Yeah, I’ll be fine." I put my bandaged hand over his. "You didn’t come back. Everything okay? Did the Guard give you a hard time?"
"No. Everything’s fine." He avoided looking at me.
I narrowed my eyes and assessed his disheveled look. "Where’d you sleep?"
His cheeks turned a light pink, and he turned around to look over the field. "I’m sorry. I should have…"
He was avoiding my questions.
"No, you shouldn’t have. It would have made it worse. Where’d you say you were?" Coi and I had been together for too long for me to let this go. It was my duty to harass him at every opportunity. Besides, I welcomed this distraction.
"Knock it off," he scolded me. "You aren’t my keeper."
I laughed. It felt good to laugh after a long night. "If you’re embarrassed, maybe you shouldn’t have been where you were."
Coi frowned and looked like he may be getting angry, but his expression changed quickly and a small smile tugged at his mouth. "I didn’t sleep. Erica and I sat up talking." He pointed above us to where the bleachers provided a mass of aluminum seats for intimate conversation.
A loud laugh exploded from me. "Oh, no. Why her?"
Coi frowned.
"I’m sorry, but she’s… she’s so not your type." I continued to laugh. Erica was as prissy as they came in the barrier and more importantly, she hated me. Two very good reasons to not want the two of them together.
"You don’t know anything about my type," he snapped.
I put my finger to my lips and pointed behind us to where Bliss was sleeping, shushing him. "You two don’t have anything in common."
Coi rubbed his forehead. "I’m nineteen, Ol. It isn’t like my choices are infinite. If not her, who?"
That sucked most of the humor out of our conversation. He was right. There were maybe a handful of girls at an appropriate age for him, and if you excluded me, there wasn’t really anyone who I thought was worthy of him. And I wasn’t interested in him that way. "Why does it have to be anyone?"
Coi gave me a frustrated look and flung his hand out toward the drooping field surrounded by the torn up rubber of what used to be a running track. "This may not be much but it’s what we have."
"I know."
"Do you? Because you spend so much of your time looking backward I don’t think you ever really look at what lays ahead."
"Dirt." I tried to smile. "Shriveled carrots."
"Ol. We may not have much but that doesn’t mean I don’t want to share my life with someone." Coi cocked his head to the side and looked up at me through his long lashes. "I want to move forward and stop waiting for something else. I want to be in love."
Another explosive laugh escaped. I put my hand over my mouth and tried to hold it in.
"You are such a child," Coi spat.
"Me? You’re the one who wants to be in love." I sing-songed the word at him.
Coi glared at me. "I like her. Leave it alone."
"That’s not love."
"Leave it alone," he warned.
"She hates me. Can’t you find someone to love that likes me?"
"That could be a difficult task." His eyebrows drew together. "Why does it matter? You aren’t the one marrying her."
"Marrying her," I almost shouted. "A minute ago you liked her. Now you’re marrying her?"
"Well, that’s the point, isn’t it?"
I opened my eyes wide and gave him a hard stare. "It isn’t that she doesn’t not like me. She hates me. You’re like my brother. What if she tells you not to hang out with me?" I pouted. "I’d be lonely."
Coi raised an eyebrow. "Be nicer to her then."
I punched him in the arm, but I knew he was kind of right. I didn’t have friends other than him and Bliss. I was also feeling a little jealous he was deciding to accept his life and move forward, that he was looking for a love different than the one I hoped he’d search out, the eternal one I was afraid he’d turned his back on.
"God’s love is infinite," I said quietly.
"It isn’t enough."
"It’s all you need. You should pray and ask if she’s who you should be with."
Coi started to laugh but it quickly turned into a cough. "I’m not going to pray for anything let alone whether God wants me to be with Erica." He coughed again. "Should I pray for him to bring me a woman and then wait to see what rotting gal comes knocking on the door?"
I punched him again. "That wasn’t what I meant."
He rubbed his arm and coughed again. "Oli. God is gone. The Governor has approved our relationship. That’s all I need."
"What?" I decided to avoid the argument we had regularly on whether God was gone and went straight for clarification on the Governor’s permission. "You got permission?"
"The Governor has to approve my desire to see Erica." Coi talked to me like I was an idiot.
"When did you have to get his approval for your desire? Why?" I was shocked I hadn’t known of this rule.
"Always." He crossed his arms over his chest in his signature ‘I’ve about had it with you’ stance. "If you tried listening instead of hiding out in the school all the time you’d know. I doubt he’d make you ask for permission to have a relationship with a book." He laughed, finding himself extremely funny.
"Why does he care who you like?"
"For order, I suppose." Coi shrugged. "So every one doesn’t want the same person."
"For control," I added my own thought.
"It was a mess before. At least we have someone trying to get things together." Coi frowned.
"You’re coughing again." I tested the topic of his cough. A topic he refused to acknowledge.
"It’s the chill in the air. It will go away. Don’t worry."
"I always worry. That’s what we do." I swiped at my pants. "I didn’t want to leave Bliss. She’s not doing well. I worry about her going back and looking for the woman she thinks is her aunt. I’m going to go. I can’t miss work. Make sure she gets up for her turn. I don’t want to get thirty more slashes."
"I would have taken it for you." Coi looked at me with his big, brown eyes, and I felt the loss of a friend coming sooner than I’d expected.
"I know." I smiled sadly, then I took a few steps and turned around. "Congratulations with Erica. I hope you’re happy."
"Thanks, Ol. I am."


Chapter 4

"I brought you lunch." Bliss held out an oily rag filled with a heavy bread we made out of the wheat grass surrounding the edges of the garden.
I put my hoe down and went to a bench to sit with her. "Thank you."
Bliss swung her legs back and forth, scuffing her feet in the mud that was quickly drying after the rain showers. "I’m sorry," she said.
I shrugged. "How are you feeling?"
"Me?" she said, surprised.
I picked at the dry bread.
"The Guard gave me extra work duties." Bliss rubbed her hands down her pants.
"You sure you’re okay?" I asked. I didn’t mean about the punishment. Bliss’s mood had changed drastically, and I was worried.
She shrugged. "I’ve never been anywhere but here. I don’t even get to go outside to scavenge because I’m not twelve yet." She looked over at me. "There’s more out there. There has to be."
I focused on eating and looked across the field at the others working to fix a cart that had lost its wheel. A few times a month, the Governor sent the Guard out into the surrounding areas to find anything left from before the walls went up. In the beginning, they brought back canned food, machinery, and other odds and ends, but in the past few years, the supplies left in the outside world had been greatly depleted. It was probably best I’d never been outside. The world was desolate and filled with illness. It was better I still held on to a dream that things were better outside. I’d been warned about encouraging thoughts of what more could be happening outside our barriers. There was a shift in the control of the Governor, and talking to Bliss in the open like this wasn’t a good idea.
"You talk to God, what does He tell you?" She looked hopeful.
He tells me to leave, but I was afraid to tell her that. "Things are hard now because you see things differently. You aren’t a child, but you aren’t a grown up, either. It’s a tough time."
Bliss frowned. She knew I wasn’t answering her question.
"He tells me to leave," I admitted, not looking at her.
She turned to face me. "Take me with you."
I shook my head. God answered my prayers about my future a while ago, but I had yet to feel ready to leave. I’d yet to trust I was supposed to go alone. I continued to pray He’d speak to Coi. That he’d agree to leave, too, but with the latest development of his desire to have a relationship with Erica, I was pretty sure he wasn’t going to agree to come. "You’re too little."
"I’m almost twelve. I’m strong," she insisted.
"I don’t know what’s out there. I don’t want to take you and then have something happen."
"I could go alone." Bliss straightened, showing the determination in her little body.
"You won’t." I rolled the rag up and handed it back to her. "Bliss, pray for your future. Don’t make a decision on what should be done with your emotions. Ask God for guidance." I wish it was as easy as I made it sound. I was having difficulty following my own advice.
"There has to be more, Oli. I can’t imagine spending my entire life here in these walls."
I wished I knew what to say. "I don’t mean to discourage you. Life can be good here."
Bliss didn’t seem convinced. "Coi and Erica are getting close," she said after sitting quietly for a few minutes.
"He told me he asked for the Governor’s permission to…" I wasn’t’ sure what to call it. I tried to keep my opinion more upbeat than I truly felt.
"You’re happy for them? It’s good then."
"Is it? That the Governor has to give permission?" I asked.
"I think so." She paused. "I mean, what if someone else liked her and… well it could get messy with there being so few of us." Her eyes brightened. "Who do you think will ask for you?"
"Ask for me?" I laughed. "I’m not an object to be bought or bartered with."
Bliss’s eyes sparkled. "Anyone could choose you now. You’re eighteen."
"I’m glad my love life has brought some happiness back into your day."
"So, who do you think will ask first? Ben? Isaac? Oh, Steven!" Bliss clapped her hands at the prospect.
I was surprised at how quickly life behind the fences seemed bearable with a little hint of love. "Ben ordered Coi to give me thirty switches yesterday. We are not getting together." I’d never thought of finding a man before. The task I’d felt led to carry out had always been to figure out our past and bring the lost beliefs back to the people, not find a man.
"Any of the Guard would be good," she said dreamily, her need to leave floating away with the prospect of love.
"Stop it, Bliss." The bread sat like a lump in my stomach. "I don’t want someone picking me and not having a choice. It’s archaic. Women aren’t objects."
"I think it sounds romantic." Bliss swooned.
Ben, my current nemesis and one of the guards Bliss swooned over, came striding toward us. "You taking the day off, too?" He pointed at me. "I thought the display yesterday would have convinced you otherwise."
"No. I was eating lunch." I stood up and grabbed my hoe.
"Well, get back to work. You don’t get to sit around all afternoon chatting." Ben pointed to the small plat of ground I was supposed to be working. "And you," he pointed at Bliss, "have extra work to make up, so get going."
Bliss bowed her head and took off across the field while I kneeled in the dirt and began to dig again.
Ben waited a minute, watching me intently as if he wanted to say something then thought better of it and took a step away, following after Bliss.
"God, please help me to have the courage to do Your will."


Chapter 5

When the Guard had blocked off the open space under the bleachers, they had left a thin hallway. I’d collected materials from the school and carefully smuggled them back into the barrier, creating a small refuge out of the forgotten space. The holes in the wall were covered with stained squares of fabric. The only light was from the slivers of sunlight coming through the spaces between slats of wood.
Today, six members of the barrier were huddled in the small space I’d constructed behind the bleachers. The rotting smell of flesh permeated the small space. Although I couldn’t see them, I knew the Screamers were waiting on the other side of the wall… waiting for us to make a mistake… a step too close to the fence… a weakened slat of wood… a wrong step against our leader… a mistake that would end our lives.
"God is our protector. Spiritually as well as physically. Nothing can happen to us that isn’t God’s will," I began.
"So, it’s God’s will that we live like this? That our parents were taken from us and we are basically starving until the sickness takes us?" Erica, Coi’s new love interest, asked. "It was God’s will you got switched thirty times for someone else’s mistake?"
"No. That’s not what I’m saying." I sighed, wondering why she was so negative when she had a future with Coi to look forward to.
The girls had been sneaking into my shanty shack for the last hour, a few minutes apart so the Guard wouldn’t notice. Technically, there wasn’t anything else they were supposed to be doing; it was the time we were given in the middle of the day for a break. When the rain held off, the temperature was unbearable, and completing our assigned chores was difficult in the heat. We hadn’t had a break for the last few days due to the rain, and today was the first chance we’d got to return to our studies. However, the rules of the barrier were strict and clear. No more than three people were to gather and definitely not in the confines of a shack hidden from the Guards’ view. We were all taking a chance by congregating, one that could get us all a lot worse than lashes with Ben’s switch.
When Michelle, an older girl, settled into the corner, I assessed who had come to listen today. Sweat dampened their foreheads while they waited for me to continue.
Before the oil spill sent poison into our world, we would have been sitting in a large structure, on long wooden benches, with fans to cool us while we listened to a message meant to uplift us. We would have dressed up and probably had a dinner of meat and plump, juicy vegetables after the service. Now, our meetings were carefully monitored, full of questions and doubts, and at the most, a snack of withered greens. I chastised myself for allowing negativity to enter my thoughts. My purpose was to share the hope of the future God planned for us, not complain about how different our present was from the past.
"Have you found anything new?" one of the girls asked in a hushed whisper.
I was thankful for the diversion her question provided. Erica had been looking for a way to undermine me for weeks, and now that she and Coi were together, things would get worse. The group had always been more interested in my scavenger hunt for clues to what lay outside the walls of our home than the words of scripture I’d prepared for the day. My audience perked up in anticipation of my answer.
"No. I’m looking for a map, but it’s difficult since so many of the books were burned. I’ve found a few, but I haven’t found the one marked with the safe zones or the area outside of the barrier."
"Are the other maps helpful at all?" another asked.
I shook my head. "No. They’re of the world. The world before the accident. They can’t help us to see how far the sickness has gone. Some of the newspapers show the water flow and the contamination but it isn’t clear how far because I can only find partial pages." I cleared my throat and tried to get the conversation back on track. "But that doesn’t really concern us. Now, how about we get back to my lesson?"
"When you find the map, will you leave?" Erica asked, emphasizing the idea I’d be leaving.
I closed my eyes and counted to ten. Erica didn’t believe anything I said and it seemed her sole purpose was disrupting my gathers. "We’ll leave. Together. If you choose. I think the way will be easier with all of us." I tried to smile even though I knew it wasn’t the truth. The Governor would never allow a group of us to walk out the gate.
"You’re asking us to leave all we know behind?" Erica snapped at me in a harsh whisper. "You’re lying. You aren’t planning on taking any of us. Besides, there’s no way the Guard will ever let us go."
"I’m not saying you have to come, and you’re right. If you follow me, you will abandon everything, but how much do you really have? Isn’t it better to try to find a better world than to sit and wait for this one to whither?"
"What more is there? Do you think there is a land of plenty we haven’t found? I don’t need a map to see we have it better than anyone left on the outside." Erica laughed. "Why should we trust you? How do we know the scriptures you spout are even from the book? We have nothing to check. No way to validate what you say."
I sighed and rubbed my forehead. I couldn’t trust her, and I wasn’t about to admit I had a Bible hidden in the school. "Faith. That’s how you know." I looked up and drilled her with a stare. "But you’re right. You shouldn’t trust me. You should trust the promises. Abandon the attachments you have to this world. Stop trying to create the world that already perished. Wake up!" I whispered harshly. "There are other battles to focus on and arguing with me is not a priority. You have already sacrificed your needs, your desires, and even your families. Now you are being asked to give up your choices and let a man decide your future. All I am offering you is a chance to test your faith. To believe God hasn’t forsaken us. He’s waiting for us to show we haven’t lost our faith. The world before became strong in their politics and weak in their faith. That’s how we ended up here, and if you continue to put your faith in a man who…" I stopped myself before I said the words I knew could seal my fate. It was one thing to offer them hope. It was a completely other thing bashing the man they groveled over as our savior.
"But how? How could the wealthiest countries turn into such a disaster in only a few years?" asked a small girl to my left.
Every time we met, the questions I couldn’t answer came up. Why did it happen? How did it happen? Why did God desert us? I tried my best to encourage them to look inside themselves, to remember what they could of our past so the mistakes would not be repeated. But they wanted simple answers, and there were none, except for the fact those who had caused our world to perish had turned their backs on God. They’d looked to technology to such an extent that they lost contact with each other and their purpose on this Earth. They’d believed the formulas, the equations, and lies of corporations would right the mistakes.
"Nations fall when their moral values decline and we look to the government to tell us what to do," I finally said.
"We could end up wandering with nowhere to go and the Screamers tracking us. Not to mention the Guard. They aren’t going to let any more of us walk out of here." Erica continued to bait me. I was unclear why she even attended our group if all she was going to do was attack me.
"Joshua wandered the desert for forty years…" I started.
"Most of them died," she interrupted.
"Because they weren’t faithful," I said too loud. I covered my mouth and froze, my senses on high alert as I listened for the Guard.
"Noah faced a literal extinction and didn’t give up. The world as he knew it was gone." I felt my voice getting higher again and took a moment to compose myself. "He sent out birds over and over to see when… not if… God would ease the world of His punishment."
"Punishment" Erica laughed.
"Wouldn’t you be gaining more than you ever imagined if we find other groups and, more importantly, you find your faith along the way?" I said quickly before Erica could get going on whatever rant she’d been waiting to deliver.
The group quieted, waiting for her retort.
She didn’t say anything.
Apparently, I’d won that argument.
I peeked through the loose slats of the wall. The sun was getting high in the sky. We needed to get back to work, and I was done trying to encourage a group who seemed happier to sit and wait for someone else to fix their future. "I’ll let you know when I find the map. I’ll tell you and then you can make your decision." I got up and crawled out into the sun light. The rest could stay and muddle through the lack of information I’d provided.
Today wasn’t a good day.
Usually, they asked for stories I read in the newspapers or old books I’d remembered from before. I tried to share the stories from the Bible I’d hidden away, but they seemed to forget more and more each day. Today they needed uplifting but weren’t willing to allow me to provide it. Erica was purposely sabotaging the small progress I’d made. The meeting left me feeling like I was Noah bobbing around in a massive flood with no dry ground in sight and fading hope.
I rounded the corner and a hand caught my arm, dragging me back into a corner of the bleachers while another hand covered my mouth to muffle the scream before it had time to escape.
"What the heck are you doing?" Coi snarled in my ear. "Do you want to get switched again? Or worse?"
I jerked my face from his hold and pulled my arm from his grip. "What are you doing sneaking around? Let go of me."
"Why are you hiding in the back of the bleachers?"
I straightened my shirt and tried to look like I hadn’t been doing anything. "I wasn’t hiding, and I was under the bleachers not behind."
He raised an eyebrow and crossed his arms over his chest.
"I was talking with some of the girls."
He closed his eyes. "You need to stop."
"I can’t help if they come." I put my hands on my hips.
"You’re able to not be there when they come."
I restrained my urge to stomp my foot. "Who are you to tell me what to do? They’ll ask me questions no matter where I am. I don’t ask them to come."
"No one cares who asked who. If the Guard sees you and them you’re going to be punished."
"You’re the Guard."
"And I should be reporting you."
"David can’t keep us from talking."
Coi cringed. "David? Oli, stop pushing the boundaries. He’s the Governor now. It’s best you remember to call him that."
"No. A governor is an elected official, not someone who puts themselves in power. Not someone who changes the rules without input. That’s called a dictator, and from what I’ve read, those aren’t the good guys." I paused, my anger at being grabbed fading. "His name is David, and he can try to control everything I do, but he can’t control who I talk to," I finished, sounding more like a petulant child.
Coi’s tone was low and a bit menacing when he answered, "Yes, Oli. He can.
Coi’s reprimand continued as he pulled the group out from under the bleachers and lectured each of them on encouraging my behavior and the risks they were taking meeting with me. I hated that Erica had smugly stood next to him, her arm wrapped around his waist as he reprimanded everyone but her. If I already hadn’t felt I was being led to leave, this little interaction was definitely helping to shove me out the gates.


Chapter 6

With the monotony of my job in the garden, it wasn’t hard for my mind to wander to the happenings of the past day. Things were beginning to change and not in a positive way. The security of our home was deteriorating.
The cries from across the field broke through my contemplation. Michelle, the girl I’d been with only hours before, was being dragged outside of the barrier. Her hands were tied in front of her, her clothes torn, and her knees bloody. I stood up, dropping my fistful of weeds, and ran to where the gates had been open.
"What’s going on?" I followed the Guard along the fence as they pulled her, kicking and screaming, toward a pole dug into the ground.
"Go away, Oli," Ben growled.
"What’d she do? What did she do that merits being put outside?" I shouted until Coi came up behind me, wrapped an arm around my waist, and pulled me back. I fought his hold, but he held tight.
"Get back to work before they put you out there too." He dropped me hard on the ground. "Get back to work," he snarled again.
It had been only a few hours since Michelle had been put outside, and my nerves were shot. I was on the verge of breaking through the gate and releasing her, to at least give her a chance of freedom before the Screamers came. It was frowned upon to feel compassion, and I wondered if wanting to alleviate the cries of misery equated to compassion. I wasn’t sure what I felt. Relief that it could have been me and wasn’t, or guilt that it was my fault she was outside and for some reason had been singled out. The constant noise from the Screamers standing in the shade of the adjacent trees together with Michelle’s slow moans hitting a crescendo every few minutes was driving me insane. "Cursed is everyone who is hung from a tree," I recited Galatians 3:13. I thought about sneaking back to the fence and apologizing for enticing her to hear my stories, or at least give her some water so she would stop, but if the Guard found out, I’d be sitting beside her making my own annoying noises.
"The guard caught her stealing," the girl working beside me said.
My head snapped up. Stealing? Maybe I was wrong about why she was outside. "I can’t imagine what she was stealing. There’s nothing of any value here."
The girl sat back on her heels, wiping the sweat from her forehead. "I don’t know. That’s just what the sign hanging around her neck says."
I shaded my eyes with a hand and looked at where she’d been placed on the edge of the sunlight. It was late in the day, and the Screamers wouldn’t venture into the sunlight to get her. By dusk they would be in such a frenzy she’d more than likely be ripped to shreds before they even got her a few feet from the fence.
"Here." Coi came up beside me, shoving a rough, wooden bucket in front of me.
I handed him the bucket I’d already filled with weeds and wiped the sweat dripping down my temple. "I don’t understand why she’s out there."
Coi glanced over his shoulder. "Be glad it isn’t you." Lately, more and more of the population was ending up on the wrong side of the barrier, or in my case, tied to the bench outside the Governor’s house. Coi seemed immune to the loss of life, seeing it as what it was… a punishment for bad behavior.
"I don’t understand how one individual can make the decision on someone’s life without any input from the group. We don’t even know if she’d really stolen anything." I scratched at the dirt and began dropping weeds into the waiting bucket. "What’d she steal? Was it worth taking a life?"
"Apparently, to her it was." He turned around and walked to the other side of the garden.
I watched him brush against Erica’s side, causing her to giggle and turn red, then he began to work the dirt loose around the base of the corn stalks. The sick feeling I’d been getting whenever I saw them together came again. Without much thought, I opened my hands, dropping the weeds back onto the dirt and walked away from my chores for the day.
"Get back to work," Ben yelled.
"I’m taking a break." I walked past him.
"You just had a break. It isn’t time," he yelled. "Haven’t you learned your lesson yet?"
I turned around and set my hands on my hips. "What are you going to do? Turn me over to the Screamers with a sign hanging around my neck saying I took an unscheduled break?"
Ben rolled his eyes. "The Governor isn’t going to keep letting you get by. You haven’t been very productive these last few weeks."
"Letting me get by? I got thirty switches just the other day. I don’t think that was getting by," I shot back. "The garden is barely big enough to fit two people and you have five of us picking weeds every day. How many weeds do you think grow daily? The only reason we even have chores is so David and you and your power-hungry friends have someone to boss around. We aren’t in prison. This is my home, too."
"You best remember he’s your Governor now and should be referred to with respect." He moved toward me. "And thirty switches were for Bliss, not you. You haven’t been punished for anything… yet." He stepped closer. "I suffered my own punishment for allowing you to take the consequences of her actions. I don’t plan on doing that again." His gaze glanced to where Michelle had finally slumped against the pole. "And I’m not the only one taking punishments for things you do."
I swallowed the lump that formed in my throat. I knew I was pushing my luck with Ben, but if I’d been given grace this far, I wondered how much more I would get. I glanced over to where Coi stopped working and had taken a few steps our way, shovel still in his hand.
Ben glanced to where Coi stood and took a step closer, getting way to close for my liking. He leaned to speak into my ear, his voice lowered. "Let it go, Oli. Don’t cross the Governor. You don’t realize what he’s done for you." His eyes darted back to Coi, then me again. "He isn’t worth your protection."
Ben’s words caught me off guard. Work had stopped and a small group was watching us. "I-I’m not protecting him," I stuttered.
Ben moved in even closer, his chest touching mine. "You… Coi… you’re being given grace. Don’t give up your life for someone else."
His words were like a cold bucket of water. I laughed a little loud and took a step back. I wasn’t sure what his cryptic message meant, but I couldn’t let him know his words hit a nerve. "Grace from who? You? Or you and your over-zealous friends and their need to eliminate anyone having a brain?"
Ben should have punished my outburst. To not lose face in front of the group he needed to put me in my place. This was exactly what Coi and I had argued about. He wanted me to stop challenging the Guard, challenging the way our compound was being run. I didn’t take a chance at looking at the disappointment I knew I would see on Coi’s face as I pushed harder than I had in the past. My pride was still bruised from his reprimand in front of Erica. I kept my stare directed at Ben.
He had to do something. I was pushing him to do something.
He raised his hand.
I braced for impact. I expected it. I deserved it.
But it didn’t come.
I watched his jaw clench before his hand fell to his side and he growled. "I won’t let you decide my fate. Go take your stupid break."
I should have turned tail and left, counted my blessing and ran for the hills, but his recent overlooking of my transgressions and now refusal to punish me was unsettling.
Ben’s words worried me. How was I deciding his fate? He should be deciding mine. I should be the one sitting on the outside of the barrier with a sign around my neck saying "disrespectful." I should be the one waiting for nightfall so the Screamers could come and take me into the night but instead, nothing was happening. Ben was allowing me to escape with a blessing no less.
"Thank you for your permission." I let the sarcasm drip from my lips, bowed, and made my way across the field littered with make-shift shacks. I felt his eyes on me the entire walk but refused to let myself turn around.
When I got to the gates encircling our enclosure, I waved up at the guard tower and waited for them to release the chain pulley so I could get as far away as I dared, across the street to the gutted school. With a loud screeching and a grinding of gears, the doors swung open and I walked out into the little freedom I was allowed.
***
The raspy, rattled breathing of the Screamers was getting closer. I knew I’d stayed in the school longer than I should, but it had taken longer than usual to calm down from my outburst at Ben. As well as I was a little nervous about what was waiting for me back inside. If the Guard didn’t finally do something, Coi would certainly have another fatherly rant waiting for me. The rules were changing, and I wasn’t sure anyone else was seeing it.
The sun was disappearing behind the dust coated windows, and I had yet to find the map. I’d been searching for it for the past few days. God had given me dreams, the quiet messages, small clues to a journey I was to embark on. A map I was supposed to find and use to leave was somewhere in this school. The school was full of partial maps and it was difficult to remember exactly what I’d seen in my dream after looking at bits and pieces of so many.
I froze as a muffled cough drifted through the hall. My hand slid to the small knife I was allowed for my weeding duties. My fingers wrapping around the smooth handle, I moved silently to the door, waiting. As a shadow crossed the threshold, I tried to steady my breath but my heart was beating in my ears. I lowered my shoulder, throwing my body into the figure, ramming us both into the nearest wall. Raising the knife, I intended to end the attack, but my arm was blocked and then twisted behind my back. My head smacked against the wall as I was overtaken. My knife was pried from my hand and dropped to the floor with a clunk. I tried to shake my head, to clear my vision, but my cheek was pressed firmly against the rough wall, and I couldn’t move. Screamers couldn’t move like this, which meant only one thing—the Guard had followed me. My stomach dropped at the thought; I’d pushed too far.
Lips pressed against my ear. "It isn’t safe in the halls when dark comes, Oli. It was getting late and the Guard hadn’t seen you return. Ben called me out to find you."
Relief filled me when I recognized Coi’s voice, but I refused to let him know how bad he’d shaken me. "I don’t need a babysitter." I jabbed my elbow into his stomach and shoved Coi away from me. "You’re lucky I didn’t stab you."
Coi laughed. "As if."
"What do you want?" I walked away. "Erica send you to give me a talking to again?"
With a snort, he followed me into the room. "Don’t blame Erica for your screw ups."
I returned to the stack of books I’d placed neatly on the edge of a desk. "Was it my screw up that caused Michelle to end up outside the fence?"
"She stole."
"And being put to her death was the answer to that?" I stopped and stared at him.
"You know stealing has always been serious."
"Did you tell the Guard she was with me?" I hesitated to ask.
Coi shook his head. "No. I wouldn’t tell. Not with both you and Erica involved. But you need to stop the meetings."
"Thank you." I nodded. "I’m sure Erica was appreciative."
Coi frowned, and his next words didn’t sound as confident as he had when he first came in. "You’ve been the topic of the Guard lately. It would be a good idea to lay low."
"I’m trying." I was afraid to ask what they were saying.
"Try harder." He wandered around the room touching the edges of the posters I’d hung. "You’ve cleaned the place up." He put his hand to his mouth, attempting to suppress a cough, his shoulders shaking at the effort.
"I wanted to make it like it was." I flipped through a pile of pages I’d stacked on a desk. I cleared my throat and gathered my courage. I couldn’t continue to live in denial. "Why is the Guard talking about me?"
Coi cleared his throat. "Why are you making things so hard?"
I turned and crossed my arms. "What part am I making hard? Taking Bliss’s punishment or being a bit hurt by the time you’re spending with Erica?" I paused. "Why were they talking about me?"
Coi looked at his feet and shrugged. "You’ve been up to a lot lately. The Governor’s got them watching you." He looked up at me. "You seem preoccupied by who I spend my time with. I told you I got permission to see Erica."
"The person you spend your time with seems pretty occupied with knowing what I’m up to and telling you."
"She’s only concerned you may get in trouble."
I laughed. "She doesn’t care if I get in trouble. She’s worried I’ll pull you down with me."
"It’s a valid concern," he deadpanned. "Even you asked if Michelle’s attendance in your group pushed her punishment to exile."
"You said I didn’t have anything to do with it. You said she stole."
"I’m not saying it did. I’m just pointing out that sometimes associating with you can be tricky."
I wasn’t sure how to take that. "I wouldn’t do anything to hurt anyone. If anything, I’m trying to make it better."
"I know, but sometimes it’s best to leave things as they are." Coi rubbed his face. "That’s what the Guard is saying." He looked at me. "Stop pushing. You’re going to force their hand, and they don’t want that."
I wished I could leave things. I wished I could stay and be happy, but that wasn’t the path I’d been given. "We’d be attending school if things hadn’t changed. You might have played on the teams pictured in the cases. We’d graduate and go away to college. Learn how to make things better."
His voice was thin from coughing. "You care a lot more than you’re willing to admit."
"About what the school looked like?" I responded absently, returning the pages to a drawer. The light was dimming. I pulled out another pile of fragile papers and thumbed through them. Coi was right when he said it wasn’t safe in the halls after dark.
The Screamers were night creatures.
I needed light, but that would make our presence known. Screamers craved the darkness, but any flicker of light would draw them into the blackness of the hallways.
"No, about Erica."
I glanced over my shoulder. "If you want to hang out with someone who has little to no intelligence, who am I to care?"
"Ol," he warned.
"It doesn’t matter. You can spend time with whoever you want." I stopped and threw my arms up. "Wait. No, you can’t. You have to get permission."
Coi sighed. "Right now, I want to spend the next few minutes with you." He raised a finger. "Don’t say it."
"What?" I laughed.
"We need to go, Oli. If we don’t, it’ll be too late, and they’ll lock the gate. You know the Screamers are in a frenzy over the girl." Coi reached out and took my hand. "They’re hungry."
"It should have been me," I muttered. "The Guard. They think it should have been me, don’t they?"
"No. They don’t. You didn’t do anything other than stand in for your friend who made a bad choice. She stole from the barrier. That’s all they know. If they know more, they aren’t telling me." His expression turned sad. "I don’t want to lose you. Please be careful."
I gave him a small smile. "Her name was Michelle, not the girl. It’s important you remember that. Even if she stole, she should have been given the opportunity to defend herself to us. No one deserves a punishment decided by only one judge. And they aren’t hungry," I snapped.
"She stole something. The laws make it clear what happens if you take from others. What does it matter her reason? And their snapping jaws tell me different."
I glared at him. We didn’t agree on what the intent of the Screamers were or why they were here in the first place. "There isn’t ever… ever any proof a crime was committed, and the Screamers aren’t living beings so it is impossible for them to eat."
"What, they just suck on us like popsicles?"
"I don’t know what they’re doing, but they aren’t eating us. In fact, most of the time we don’t know what they do because they grab and go."
"Well, I’m here to grab and go you, so let’s go." Coi tugged on my arm.
"Just one more minute. Oh my gosh. I found it." I ran my finger down the thin paper. It wasn’t a page from a book, it was a folded map shoved in between the pages.
"What’d you find?" Coi asked.
I carefully folded the map until it fit in my pocket then pushed the pile off the table in a flurry of fluttering paper and walked out into the hallway. For being in such a hurry, Coi hadn’t followed.
In the fading light, I could see Coi wipe his damp cheeks with the sleeve of his jacket, tears that escaped while suppressing another cough. I’d been ignoring the coughing, waiting for him to come to me, to tell me he thought he had the sickness, but he hadn’t yet. My best friend, my brother… what would I do if he asked me to terminate him before the illness took over? Now I wondered about Ben’s reference to Coi earlier. The Guard was aware of the cough, and from what he implied, Coi was being given a reprieve because of me. Coughing was one of the first symptoms of the sickness. The Guard would wait to see if it was a cold or flu, but their patience would be wearing thin.
I worked my way through the debris, every step calculated, not disturbing the metal and wood littering the hallway of the old high school. Coi’s hand searched in the darkness, finding mine and interlacing our fingers as he pulled me along through the fading light of the halls.
"You need to be more careful, Oli. I worry." His whispered words brushed past my ear.
"I’m careful," I whispered back. "Maybe you should worry about yourself. Your cough is getting worse. You have someone else to worry about now. Erica won’t do well on her own."
"Maybe if you got to know her, you might like her."
"Maybe if I got to know her, I’d vomit from the ridiculous giggling, whispering, and who knows what you two are doing," I grumbled.
"Maybe you’re jealous." He stifled a cough then continued, "Some of the Guard are fond of you. You don’t have to be alone."
I could hear the teasing tone in his voice. Even though he was behind me, I knew he had an irritating grin on his face.
"Yeah. I don’t think so." I turned to look at him. "I just think you deserve better."
Coi didn’t respond, and I wasn’t sure what that meant. We continued into the corridor and saw the sun had sunk behind the mountains. The front doors had been pried off and shoved back into the frame at a strange angle. I had imagined what nightmare had transpired in the past to cause such force to be used on doors of a school. Was it students trying to escape or others trying to get in? I shivered at the level of fear they must have had. Coi let my hand go so we could crawl through. I turned to look at the fading sign above the door, a ritual my obsessive personality required of me before I could leave the school grounds.
Free-ont H-gh School. How I wished I’d had the opportunity to attend the school. How I wished this wasn’t my life. In the distance, the raspy breathing of the Screamers was beginning to fill the air, but I had to stop. I had to finish my ritual. "God had planned something better for us so that only together with us would they be made perfect," I recited Hebrews 11:40. A cool hand reached out and grabbed mine.
"Coi…" I barely got his name out before I realized it wasn’t his hand. I suppressed a scream, looking into the weeping, dead eyes of a rotting little boy. His hair was matted in bloody tangles, his clothes ripped and stained, he wore no shoes, and when I looked down, I could see he was missing most of his toes… worn off as he shuffled through his nonexistent life. His hand held mine firm, but he didn’t move to attack. I knew if he bit me, I would be infected and the sickness would overcome me shortly after. I was entranced by the raspy rhythm of its breath, the cloudy stare of its eyes. All the training we were forced to endure in case we had contact with the Screamers flew out of my head, and I was left standing uselessly in the middle of the road. I almost—almost—welcomed its cold jaws on my arm.
"Oli!" Coi grabbed his knife and disconnected the boys arm from his body at the elbow in one clean swipe. Coi dragged me across the cracked asphalt, his head moving from side to side, looking for danger as we ran through the gate. Dazed, I turned and met the dead stare of the small boy. I shivered. The Guards for the night had taken their place within the perimeter fence and slid the large gate closed behind us. Then they pulled the thick chain through the links to lock it tightly.
"What were you doing?" Coi shook me by the shoulders before pulling me in for tight hug.
I rested my head against his chest. His breathing came in short gasps.
"Stop trying to get yourself killed," he whispered into my hair. "Don’t do that again."
I looked out at the fence encircling the large field and the set of bleachers running along the length of one side.
This was my home.
One I was planning on escaping.


Chapter 7

"The Governor would like to see you."
Coi and I had barely walked through the gate when a guard named Ryan approached us.
"We had plenty of time. We weren’t late, and the only reason one grabbed me was because you tortured them all day with Michelle and he probably got shoved out of the pack," I started making excuses for the lateness I knew I should be punished for. I wondered who’d be punished in my place.
"That isn’t what this is about. The Governor wants to see you."
"I’ll take her." Coi made a choking sound next to me as another cough erupted.
Ryan scowled at him.
"He’s fine," I started to explain before I was cut off.
"He wants to see you." Ryan pointed at me. "Alone."
"Me? Alone?" I glanced back at Coi.
Coi stepped in front of me, his voice tight as he started to defend our lateness in the same manner I had. "We got in before the gates closed. No one got hurt. Let it go."
"The Governor wants to see her," Ryan repeated. "And he doesn’t want to see you." He glared at Coi. "Let me do my job."
Coi’s six-foot frame stood a little straighter, and I watched the two of them have some manly unspoken power struggle over whether Coi was coming or not. Finally, I got tired of their stupid macho games and touched Coi’s arm, lightly shoving him to the side. "It’s okay. I’ll go. I’m sure it’s fine."
Coi looked down at me. His head moved slightly, a sign I needed to remember to shut up and listen to the scolding I was going to get. I raised an eyebrow. Like I would talk back to the Governor. Okay, maybe I was pushing my limit on standing up for myself, but I knew when it would be best to shut up. This was the Governor we were talking about. The self-appointed leader of our compound. It was best to let him say his piece, nod in agreement, and get out of his line of site.
I rubbed Coi’s arm. "It’ll be fine." My voice sounded a lot surer than I actually felt. I had a feeling this talk had been a long time coming and it wasn’t about me staying in the school late.
"I’ll see you in a little while. On the bleachers. Okay?" I gave Coi a reassuring smile and followed Ryan toward a small shack at the corner of the barrier.
"You could do better than him," Ryan said.
I skipped up beside Ryan. "Who?"
"Coi. You could do better," Ryan muttered.
"Better at what?"
He stopped, turned, and studied my face like the answer to some great knowledge was written on my forehead.
I scrunched my eyebrows together. "He’s asked permission to be with Erica. There’s nothing going on with us."
Ryan shook his head and laughed then continued to walk to the Governor’s house.
"What?" I called after him.
"You’re so blind," he muttered.
"If by blind you mean clueless as to why the Guard suddenly seems very interested in me finding a better friend than Coi, then yeah, I’m blind."
Ryan stopped. "I wasn’t talking about friendship."
"Then what are you talking about?"
Ryan stared at me with an incredulous look. "Coi and you."
I laughed. "He’s like my brother. There isn’t a Coi and me."
"There’s a Coi and you," he said flatly.
"Why does David want to see me? Should I know?" I finally ventured to ask.
"Don’t know, and I would recommend you start calling him by his title before you get there."
I couldn’t help rolling my eyes. "Sure you do. You guys have those late-night meetings all the time. I’m sure he mentioned why he wanted to talk to me."
"Nope."
"Oh." I had a long list of things he could want to talk to me about. None of them especially good. However, I kind of had some things I wanted to talk to him about. The barrier was drying up. We were drying up, and I’d found the map. We needed to send out scouting parties to see if there was somewhere better.
At twenty-one, the Governor was older than most of the people in the barrier. The average age was around sixteen. The older people, like my parents, had left a long time ago, and slowly, the few who encompassed the younger population were appearing as couples, trying to start families. Or maybe they just ended up having babies. The Governor was still David to me even though I knew he didn’t want us to call him that. If there was a sheriff in our shanty town, it would have been him and the Guard was his group of deputies.
"Am I in trouble?" I tried again. "Is he going to send me out?" I swallowed hard.
"If I don’t know why you are being asked to come, how would I know if you are in trouble?"
"Good point." I wiped a bead of sweat from my forehead.
He could be asking to see me because I tended to not fear him in the way he wanted to be feared. Maybe I intrigued him. Maybe he needed spiritual advice. He liked to use torture tactics he misconstrued from biblical times in order to beat the group into fearful submission. I’d had the unfortunate opportunity to watch a person be stoned once. I refused to attend any punishment ritual after that, which in itself was breaking his rules, but as of now no one was throwing stones my way. I hadn’t come right out and said anything against his reign, but my actions may have spoken louder than words.
When we got to the building, Ryan stopped, glanced back at me with a sad smile, and knocked. The building was built of bricks. At one time, it had been orange and had some symbol on the side of it, but now it was peeling and faded. The building lacked windows, which made me think it had been for equipment, not people.
There was a muffled sound from within, and Ryan opened the door. Placing a hand on my lower back, he pushed me in. The Governor had spiffied it up. There was a small sitting area, a table with a few chairs around it, and a bed with a mattress. If I wasn’t afraid of ending up next to Michelle, I may have hurled myself onto the mattress just to see what it felt like to lay on something soft and bouncy.
A lantern was the only light in the small space, giving it a comfy feel, but the presence of the Governor soon sucked that feeling away. He was sitting on a soft chair, drinking something out of a tea cup.
"Olivia, come in."
I cringed at the use of my given name. No one had called me Olivia since my parents left.
I didn’t move, and Ryan shoved me further into the room then stepped back into the blackness of the outside world, shutting the door behind him.
"I was told," my voice squeaked, and I cleared my throat, "that you wanted to talk to me." I took another step forward to show I wasn’t intimidated and could move without Ryan pulling my strings.
"Yes. Yes. Come in and have a seat."
I hesitated.
He pointed at an empty chair and scowled. "Sit."
I walked over and lowered myself on the edge of the chair. A quick thought as to whether I should have hugged and kissed my friends before entering this room ran through my head. I sent up a prayer asking God to let them know I loved them if I never returned.
"Tea?" he offered.
"No, thank you." I didn’t trust where he got his tea. It had been a hard lesson of throwing up through the night after I took food offered without full knowledge of where it had come from. There was too much sickness in my world to trust others.
He placed his cup on the table in front of him and leaned back, placing an ankle on the opposite knee. "I hear you were outside again today." The Governor had confidence emanating off him. He was a tall, muscular man with long, black hair tied in a low ponytail like most of the men in the barrier. His clothes were nicer than the ones I had, but he didn’t do any of the work around the barrier, so it was easier to keep them clean. It was his eyes that made a shiver run down my spine. They were empty. An ice blue that told me nothing of his intent.
I cleared my throat. "Yes, sir I was."
"What do you do in the school?"
"Read mostly."
"Anything interesting? Your precious book by chance?"
I shrugged. I had the distinct feeling he was leading me somewhere, and I was pretty sure it was somewhere I didn’t want to go. God promised a special blessing to the one who read the book and obeyed its message. (Revelation 1:3-4) I recited to myself, trying to calm down.
"Am I not allowed to go to the school? I wasn’t aware it was off limits." I pleaded ignorant in an attempt to move this conversation along.
A chuckle rose up from the Governor. "No, Olivia. I simply worry your mind will become full of trivial fact such as the people of the past. They learned much within those walls and see where it has taken us." He waved his hand in the direction of the field. "False hope and empty faith."
"I doubt any thoughts I gain from my reading will impact the barrier in a negative way. I am not sought out to share my thoughts on the past," I lied, remembering Coi’s earlier reprimand.
He chuckled again. "You’d be surprised at how the others look upon you now that you’ve grown up." He let his eyes trail over my body in a way that made me want cross my arms and huddle within myself.
The corner of his mouth teased up into a crooked smile. "Your whereabouts have not gone unnoticed by me nor have the interest you raise in the young men in the compound."
"I don’t do anything to raise the interest from anyone." The hair on my arms prickled at the thought of eyes on me. I knew my light skin and hair drew attention, but I’d convinced myself the only feelings anyone held for me was irritation.
"I would have to disagree with you on that front." He rubbed his fingers over his jaw. "My Guard has shared your defiance over the weeks." He leveled a stare my way, assessing my reaction. I forced myself to remain still and not show emotion. "Your dedication to your friend, taking her punishment."
"I didn’t—"
The Governor held up a hand, stopping me. "Your transgressions aren’t why I asked you here."
I relaxed a little until it hit me that my transgressions were probably the safest reason for me to be here. "I’m not sure I was asked exactly," I said.
The Governor sighed again. "I’m afraid you don’t have to do anything. The men are young… the women envious… you are beautiful and intelligent. You talk, they listen. Your actions do not go unnoticed."
"My apologies if I have been a distraction to the workers," I lied again.
He sat back and laughed deeply. "I understand you have a calling to be a leader. I don’t think you could stop your behavior if you tried. It’s what makes you interesting, to say the least."
I shifted uncomfortably. "May I ask why I am here?"
The Governor sat up and rested his elbows on his knees, staring at me. "I’ve decided, as things stand, it is time for me to take a wife."
"Oh." I breathed out a sigh of relief. "You want my help to choose someone? There are many fine women in the barrier who I’m sure would be more than happy with a proposal from someone like you."
The Governor’s expression fell, and his bright eyes darkened.
"I see our community discouraged. Our laws are being broken. The members of our group are falling into despair and work is not being done, and I believe many see your actions—your work in the school, reading, researching the sickness, your faith—as a glimmer of hope. Hope that makes them complacent, makes them choose to bring life into our barrier. Life that is weak and unfit for strengthening our future."
"I’m not sure I understand." I tried not to fidget. I was having trouble following his train of thought. Telling me he was going to take a wife and then telling me I was making our people complacent while encouraging creation was making it impossible to follow his intent. "I thought you encouraged the repopulation."
"A population that will die from weakness is not the type I’m hoping for."
I nodded, unable to come up with a response. He was right. More babies perished than thrived, and even some of the young mothers didn’t make it through labor.
The Governor leaned forward, running his palms over his thighs. "There seems to be two sides when it comes to the opinion of you. Some believe you are discovering what transpired and where we should go from here. Whether it’s the crazy notion of a cure or a message from God that He will return one day. Every time you return from your studies, I see the members of our community anxiously waiting for you to enlighten them to their future."
"I’m just reading."
He pushed himself out of his chair and paced around the table, ending up in front of me. Sitting on the table in front of me, he gently grabbed my bandaged hands. "What is it you’re reading?"
"Pages left from the books that were burned," I said lamely.
He looked to the floor and hummed.
"I can stop going to the school if it is disrupting the group," I whispered, knowing I was lying. There were clues to our future in the past and it was important to find them, but with him in front of me, caressing the back of my hand with his thumb, I was willing to say just about anything to save me from what was coming. I had a very bad feeling about this.
"I’m not asking you to stop reading. I’m not even asking you to stop your crazy search for our future in the torn textbooks or to stop believing your God has not forsaken us. I’m requesting you to join me." The excitement in his voice was concerning.
"Join you?" I was barely able to get the words out. "Um, I’m not interested in being on the Guard."
He smiled and shook his head. The Governor wasn’t an unattractive man; he was actually quite handsome if you were attracted to icy personalities. He possessed the ability to manipulate the members of the barrier and convince them he was right about almost anything. He had charisma and charm but lacked honesty. At a time when we needed direction, he rose up and took over. "I’m not asking you to be a part of the Guard." He reached out and ran the back of his fingers across my cheek. "I’m asking you to be my wife."
I felt like the air had been sucked out of the room and there was nothing left to breath. I forced the shiver of fear down and remained still. For once, I was thankful I’d not eaten. If I had I would have vomited all over him. My mind rushed back to the memory of the child reaching out to bite me. I should have let it. "Excuse me?" I finally managed to squeak out.
"Olivia. I can provide you with accommodations much nicer than what you have currently. Your beauty and strength are coveted." He ran his fingers down my light blonde braid. Most of the barrier was dark; black hair and dark eyes. The Governor’s blue eyes were part of his appeal. It would be ridiculous to think his rise in the barrier was due to the unusual color, but in this time, I wouldn’t be surprised if it swayed the opinion of many. "You’re special," he continued. "I’ve watched you for a while, and your gifts are growing. You are not meant to garden and mend clothes. You aren’t meant to guard the weak. There is no one who can give me what you can. Together, we can make our group stronger. We can start a new culture within the compound. Our children will be stronger and wiser. They will be identifiable to all and lead for generations to come… until society rights itself. Then we will lead the masses. Together."
My head was spinning. Did he seriously just ask me to be his wife so I can have his babies and we can take over the world? "I don’t understand." I swallowed, trying to dislodge the lump in my throat.
"You must be aware the men in the compound favor you and the women envy you. You have never allowed yourself to sit docilely, waiting for the day to pass. You have kept your mind active. You have questioned the fate we’ve had set before us. Your strength will only grow when we begin to lead together."
"I don’t want to lead." I tried to find my voice, to show the strength he was speaking of, but this entire conversation had taken me by surprise.
The Governor leaned back on his heels before standing. His kind demeanor faded away. "Whether you choose to lead or not, you are doing just that. The opportunity to be a part of my leadership is something you should be honored to accept. There isn’t a woman in this enclosure who wouldn’t jump at the chance to be my partner. To carry my child. To stand beside me and right the wrongs of this world."
"I am sure there are many women who would be honored at this opportunity. I’m afraid I never thought about it before, and you’ve taken me by surprise." That was a complete understatement. I was in complete shock, and the thought of marriage was something I never wished for. It wasn’t the path set before me.
"I’m offering this to you, and I expect it to be an opportunity you’ll embrace. I’ve watched over you. I’ve made the transgressions you continually commit disappear in front of the eyes of the Guard. Why do you think you’re not sitting outside with a sign saying "willfulness" around your neck as an example to the people? Why do you think your friends have been given grace as well? Coi walks around contaminating the group with his cough and I have continued to give him time. I’ve allowed you many graces, and the least you can do is accept my generous offer to become my wife." His jaw clenched and unclenched as he waited for my response. Finally, he huffed. "Who can find a wife with a strong character? She is worth far more than jewels (Proverb 31:10)."
"Don’t quote scripture when it suits you. But even if we or an angel from heaven should preach a gospel other than the one we preached to you, let him be eternally condemned (Galatians 1:8)," the words tumbled out before I could stop them.
A sinister smile crept onto his face, and he laughed. "There’s the spirit I’m talking about."
"I am honored to be considered for this position, but I think it’s something I need to think about. A leadership role is a huge responsibility." I stood up. "I’d like to go now."
"I don’t think so." He stood and turned his back to me. "I am afraid I presented this as a request when in actuality, I assumed you would be as excited as I am at the prospect." He turned and crossed his arms over his chest. "You weren’t being given a choice."
Being subtle wasn’t going to work for me. "God gave marriage as a gift. They were created perfect for each other. Marriage is not for convenience nor was it brought about by the culture," I recited back. "I was unaware you were giving me special privileges. I won’t expect them any longer. I’m sorry, but I can’t marry you. I don’t love you."
The Governor’s laughter filled the room.
I took a step toward the door. He moved in front of me, grabbing my arms tightly. "It is the woman’s duty to submit to the man. One must submit to their leader, obey his command. For the wife that means willingly following the husband’s leadership," he spat the words into my face. "Love is not a factor in this arrangement."
I gritted my teeth. "You cannot take the words of the Lord and warp them into your own. I will not listen to you turn the words I hold close to my heart to fifth. I do not share your beliefs, if that’s what you call them, and most importantly, I don’t hold feelings for you. I will not marry you." I tried to pull away, but my strength was no match for his.
Pulling me close, he breathed in my face. "Your God is no longer on this Earth. His presence left us many years ago. The days of His directive are gone. While you are a part of my compound, we will live by the laws of Paul. All woman and children are slaves and will submit to the head of the family… me. This is my family. You, just as the rest of them…" he waved his arm toward the door, "are my slaves. You, too, will submit to me. As I said before, I’m not asking. I will expect you to collect your things and move into my quarters by the end of the week."
I forced myself to stand tall. "I am not moving in. I am not your slave. The people of this compound may have given up. I haven’t. We have not been left behind." I shoved past him.
"How about your friends? Have they given up?" His words stopped me before I could open the door.
"Leave them out of this."
"I can’t keep the Guard from doing their job forever, and you can’t continue to deny he’s sick." The Governor took a step toward me.
"My decision has nothing to do with him." My words sounded weak and hollow.
"I would hope not. I have given my permission for him to give his heart to another." The Governor had a smug smile.
"He’s lucky he found someone to love." For once, I was thankful for Erica. It seemed she was saving him from the wrath of the Governor.
He let out a muffled laugh. "Your scripture declares the whole world is a prison of sin and what was promised through Jesus Christ might be given to those who believe. (Galatians 3:13). What was promised was given. We are what was left behind. We were not given the gift of His redemption, so now it is my job to cleanse this place and strengthen it. You will leave your quarters by the end of the week. Whether it’s to be with me or to be given to the Screamers. Either way your time to make decisions and live above my orders is over."
My blood froze at his words. With a shaky hand, I pulled the door open and walked into the dusky night. The words of John followed me. The whole world is under the control of the evil one (John 5:19).


Chapter 8

The sun set quickly but not before the sky turned deep orange. A constant haze of smoke lingered in the air, creating beautiful sunsets. I wrapped a blanket around my shoulders and climbed up the bleachers, finding a seat at the top. I enjoyed watching as my world faded into darkness. This had been my favorite time of the day. Now it made my fear of the passage of time more real. "Commit the way unto the Lord, trust also in Him and He shall bring it to pass and shall bring forth the righteousness as the light and the judgment as the noonday (Psalm 37:5-6)." Below me sat our makeshift homes; cardboard walls, some constructed with scraps of wood, colorful plastic covering each roof, protecting them from the elements. I tried to imagine the field during its prime. I’d seen pictures in the glass cabinets of the school. During the time between day and night, I could pretend the grass was still lush, not the dry, brown dirt it had become. I could pretend I wasn’t sitting in the bleachers watching my choice at the life I wanted taken from me but instead cheer for Coi as he ran down the field in a bright uniform.
I heard Coi’s footsteps before the outline of his figure appeared.
"Thought you’d be done sooner. What’s our fearless leader have to say?" He grabbed my shoulder lightly as he lowered himself to the bench. When I didn’t answer, he asked, "Hey, you okay?"
"I’m fine." I kept my gaze forward. If I looked his way, he’d know something was wrong. I needed to leave the barrier before the end of the week. I wanted to beg him to come with me, but I couldn’t ask him to leave Erica when their relationship was just beginning.
"Your meeting?"
"Was fine," I repeated. I wasn’t sure how to begin the discussion about the Governor using him as a pawn to get me to marry him.
"I told you to stop with your mouth," he muttered.
I kept my eyes focused on the horizon. I couldn’t tell him that my mouth was the least of my troubles.
"What are you thinking about?"
I glanced in his direction.
"You’re always thinking, Ol. So, spill."
"My life drags by-day after hopeless day. I give up, I am tired of living. Leave me alone my life makes no sense (Job 7:6)."
Coi laughed. "That’s depressing."
"It was a scripture my mom use to read. Before she walked into the abyss. It seemed fitting."
"The abyss?" Coi snorted
"You don’t know what it means, do you?"
"I know."
I raised an eyebrow, encouraging him to tell me the definition.
"Okay, I don’t know," he muttered.
"It means the regions of hell conceived as a bottomless pit."
"Oh. Well that’s descriptive." He rubbed his chin. "How was your life hopeless today?"
I looked at him. "If we're here floundering without any purpose or direction, we might as well die."
He raised his hands to his face and shook his head. "Not now, Ol. It’s been a long day. Please not now. I don’t want to hear about your purpose."
I frowned then pouted, looking back out over the field below us. "Do you still remember?" I finally asked in a hushed voice.
"Remember what?" He leaned back against the wooden wall of the bleachers with a sigh.
"You know… about before."
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Coi run his hands over his face again, then through his hair. A small cough puffed out his cheeks. "Of course I remember," he blew out the words.
"What’s your best memory?"
"Why do you do this? You just spouted some depressing garbage. Isn’t it better to forget?"
"No!" I snapped, grabbing his arm. "Don’t you get it? We can’t forget. It is our responsibility to remember and talk about it. People have to know this isn’t all there is. There was more. There was a time when there was justice and laws and we were free to decide what we wanted to do with our lives. It’s our job to tell them again and again. Talk to them about what the world used to be. What it could be again. Learn from our mistakes and all."
Coi pulled away from my grip. "No one wants to hear about an ideal past when all that’s in front of us is uncertainty. This is all there is. Stop holding on to a past that’s just that… the past. We can’t recreate what was lost. It’s gone. I’m not even sure we want what they had. Look where it got them. Move on."
"To where? How can we move on when all we do is sit in this barrier scared of our own shadows? And it isn’t even the Screamers that scare us the most. It’s the Governor and his ever-changing rules."
"I didn’t mean move on in the sense of actual moving. I meant stop beating a dead horse with this same conversation. Accept what we have in front of us and make the best of it. Why keep bringing up a past that gets glorified as something better than it was? We need rules now. We need structure. The Governor provided that."
His words sent a chill through me. What would he say if I told him the Governor chose me to stand beside him while he manipulated the people of our small world until he could poison their minds with oppression and tyranny? Would it even matter to him? He’d already given up. "You’ve lost your faith."
"Faith isn’t going to do much when everyone who could find a cure for the sickness has the sickness and is haunting the night with their never-ending screaming," Coi mumbled.
"Without hope and faith, we have nothing."
Coi ran a hand over his hair. "We have nothing, Ol."
"Well, I have the assurance that what I am hoping for is going to happen. I’ve seen what the world can be again if we give it time," I said.
"And I see evidence of a promise which has already been carried out. Of the world being engulfed in a sea of fire. Of a world dying. Of poison in the air slowly killing those left behind. I don’t want to remember a better past. It makes this world suck even more. We need to focus on making this place better."
I returned my gaze to the scene below. Small fires burned in front of make-shift homes.
Maybe Coi was right.
Maybe the best I could do was try to create a strong future for what was left.
Maybe this was my fate.
Maybe I was crazy.
This wasn’t the path I’d been given.
I couldn’t let the evil the Governor brought to us cloud the message I’d been given.
The Governor gave me no other choice but to leave. I hadn’t been listening and God was getting impatient, He was forcing my hand.
I continued to stare at where my fellow inmates—slaves as the Governor called us—were sitting on the dry ground, poking at the flames with small sticks. Through the fence, I could see the Screamers growing in numbers as they pushed against the weakening chain link. The mere sight of the inhabitants of the barrier would rouse them into frenzy. The Guards shifted their positions to monitor the gates. There had been a few breaks in the barrier, and each time the Screamers had rushed in, stumbling over each other, grabbing for anyone. The Guard was always quick to respond, but the Screamers sheer numbers worked against us, many good people had been taken.
"Hope is as essential to your life as air and water (Jeremiah 29:11)," I whispered.
Coi let out a raspy sigh as he rested his head in his hands, then looked to the sky. "Arrrgh… Stop already. I’ll tell you… Okay, I remember…" He hit his forehead with the butt of his hand. "I remember…"
"Your best memory," I repeated quietly.
"I’m just telling you so you’ll stop moping and come down with me."
"Your best," I whispered.
"Okay my best memory for today happened just before I came here. I was sick. The flu or something. I felt horrible, and I couldn’t sleep. My mom came into my room and got into my bed. She wrapped her arms around me." His voice was quiet. "She kept rubbing my hair. She would hum, and then she would lightly touch her lips to my forehead." Another bout of coughing erupted. Covering his mouth, he tried to hold it in.
"Thank you," I whispered when his cough quieted down.
"I tried to believe it would get better. But it’s getting harder." Coi sounded defeated.
"Don’t give up hope, Coi." I touched his knee. "If God left us, He’ll come back. He won’t forsake us."
He looked at my hand for a moment before meeting my eyes again. "Well He’s not coming back tonight. Can we go down now?"
"Yeah." I got up, turning to face him. "Somewhere, there is more than this."
"We haven’t welcomed new families into the enclosure for years." Coi’s face was blank of emotion. This was a conversation we’d had before. One we didn’t see eye to eye on.
I believed there were towns rebuilding away from here, more advanced communities where people hadn’t given up, where they were trying to rebuild a democratic society and continued to search for a vaccine.
"You think we’ve given up? We don’t know how to fight for a future we’ve never seen. We’re a bunch of kids, Oli. What are we supposed to do but make the best of it and try to do the best we can with what we got?"
"We have to have faith to believe that we didn’t get left behind to sit and wait for redemption. It’s up to us to spread the word or what’s the point?"
"The point is we’re still here. Still fenced in while our relatives and friends wait outside the barrier to eat us." Coi stood up; wrapping his arm around my neck in a loose head lock, he ruffled my hair. "For tonight, I can believe that there is this." He pointed at the shacks below us. "Tomorrow, I’ll believe there’s more." He smiled sadly.
The screeching breath of the infected turned to screams as we headed down the steps. It was a sound we had become accustomed to, one we hardly even noticed anymore. How wrong is it that rotting, raspy, screaming monsters could become common place? I crouched down, heading through the small door that took us under the bleachers and to our living space. The eldest living in the barriers moved under the bleachers, it was a rite of passage. A gift of silence earned after surviving more years than others. Coi turned nineteen before me. I’d turn nineteen in April, just a few weeks away. We moved under almost a year ago, after an epidemic ran through the barrier, reducing a number of older kids. We lost eight members of our group in two months. Our numbers were dwindling fast, which made the Governor’s plan not completely ridiculous.
Things were beginning to deteriorate past what I could control. God was losing patience with me, and apparently so was the Governor. Recently, I’d started attempting to put a plan in place. I hoped if I stalled long enough, God would talk to Coi and convince him not to let me go alone. So far, he hadn’t received any messages, and it didn’t sound like he was even listening.
I needed to leave whether he came or not. Every day I struggled with the path I was given and prayed hard that I could get a little dose of bravery.
So far, none of my prayers had been answered.


Chapter 9

It was dark and musty under the bleachers, the rancid smell of unwashed bodies mixed with the stench of the sick was always in the air. Coi reached around my head, grabbing a small lantern from a nail. With a quick click, he used the flint attached to the wall to spark the tiny cloth inside. With a hiss, the lantern lit, casting shadows along the walls. Sleeping bags, quilts, pillows, and small caches of personal belongings filled the open space.
Coi and I’d chosen a corner, set into the back of the structure. I’d tacked posters, salvaged from the school, along the slanted roof. The darkness of the alcove made it difficult to see, but I knew they were colorful memories of the ocean before it turned black and dead from the contamination of the oil spill and chemicals.
We’d entered the barrier when we were nine. Coi came from a town farther north than my family, and the illness took longer to infect the community. No one knew why some folks caught it quickly and others seemed to go on for years before showing symptoms. No one knew whether it was primarily airborne or if it was caught from the contamination of the water. From what research I had done through old newspapers, it was all of the above.
The last group of older men left the safety of our fences seven years ago, shortly after we arrived. My father went with them. They left to search out other safe zones. A dozen groups of elders left during that year, convinced there had to be other survivors when the groups before them didn’t return. My father never returned. In fact, no one ever returned. I hoped that he’d found refuge and simply couldn’t find his way back safely, but my positive outlook had faltered. My mother had been unable to take life in the barrier after my father left and wandered into the night, into the Screamers. No one talked about her. Out of respect for me I guess. Although I knew she was referred to as "the crazy one" in the stories told around the cooking fires.
Coi’s mom and dad had never made it to the barrier; she was infected somewhere along the road. Exactly how wasn’t a topic Coi was willing to share. I’d always respected his need for privacy. My family hadn’t been the most nurturing of families before the infection came, career minded and out to make money. Not so different from many others. Unfortunately, when the ability to climb a corporate ladder disappeared, they disappeared as well. They lost their identities. I think that’s why my Dad left when he did. He needed to be something more than a survivor; he wanted to be the leader of a group. Just like he’d been at work. And Mom? Well, her identity became the wife of my dad, and when he was gone, so was her purpose. I’m sure she loved me in her own way, but I’d been on my own long before she gave up. I couldn’t help my mind wondering the ‘what if’s… If my Dad, or any of the men had stayed, they could have found their place as a leader and directed us without the fear hovering over us now.
I lowered myself to the soft comforters I’d placed on the floor. Coi hung the lantern above us and straightened the bed he’d created beside mine. I pulled the curtain hanging between the two beds. Giving myself a bit of privacy, I untied my boots then undressed, placing my worn clothes into crates stacked tightly against the wall. Pulling a long cotton shirt out of another crate, I slid it over my head. Finally, unfastening the band at the end of my braid, I ran my fingers through my long, thick hair.
"Done?" Coi’s voice asked from the other side of the fabric.
"Yep."
With a flick of his wrist, Coi snapped the curtain back. Hunching over, he folded his clothes and then placed them on a shelf built into the ceiling. The flicker of the light played against his back as he reached above his head to arrange his possessions. I watched the muscles in his back and shoulders flex with every movement. Coi and I had been together forever, never one without the other everyone said. Two peas in a pod. But lately, I’d begun to see him with new eyes. He was no longer a little boy, he was a man. And after my conversation with the Governor, I wondered if he’d looked at me the same way, as a woman instead of a little girl.
Sometime when I wasn’t looking, Coi had left the skinny, annoying boy behind. His hair was the color of coal and constantly hung in his eyes. What had always struck me as annoying was now endearing. He removed the leather thong used to tie it in a low ponytail and it lay sleek down his back. All the men wore their hair long. Not by choice, but as a sign of survival. The longer the hair, the longer they had survived the aftermath. The Guard had the longest hair and wore it with pride, when in truth, they were the oldest, so the length came more from time than any superpower they possessed. Coi’s head tilted to the side as his large frame no longer fit under the ceiling. His body was lean and tan from time spent outside. Why hadn’t I noticed this change before? Maybe it was all this talk of becoming a wife, or maybe it was the way I watched the other girls in the barrier look at him that now brought it to my attention. The Governor said the men of the enclosure looked at me with much different eyes. When had I grown up?
The Governor called me beautiful.
No one had ever called me beautiful.
Thinking back, I saw the innocent actions of Coi and Erica. How they’d become friendly over the past few months. The brushing past each other while working, the whispers and quiet giggles they shared. I’d even heard rumors that Coi had been seen behind the enclosure with her. I’d been totally naïve to think, at our age, he wasn’t looking for a partner. The way she reached out to lightly touch his arm, the way she hid her face behind her hands when she was embarrassed. Had I missed the same signs from other boys? I never thought I wanted a future with a man, but now I questioned myself. Did I want to be loved like Coi loved Erica? Could it be in the future for me?
I knew the answer, and it was no.
I wasn’t supposed to be here.
Absently, I continued to run my fingers through my hair. Coi turned, his dark eyes looked black in the dim light. I shifted, directing my attention back to my tangled hair, feeling the heat of a blush crawl up my neck and into my cheeks. I hoped the light from the lantern camouflaged my embarrassment at my staring. Sneaking a peak in Coi’s direction, I saw he hadn’t moved and a stupid grin had emerged.
"What?" I snapped.
Coi snorted as he lay back onto his bed. Placing his hands behind his head, he closed his eyes, the smug smile still plastered on his face.
"Knock it off." I kicked at his blankets, angry at myself for getting caught daydreaming of a future that wasn’t possible.
"I’m not the one doing anything," he said smugly.
"Oh, shut up. It isn’t what you think." I snapped the curtain back. I grabbed my brush and started violently brushing, taking my frustration out on my defenseless hair.
Coi pulled the curtain aside. Crawling onto my bed, he kneeled behind me. "Let me do that."
His fingers were light against my arm as he stopped my angry movements, prying the brush from my fingers. "Let go." He laughed. Gently, he ran the brush down my light waves, letting his free hand trail softly behind. My head lolled back, then forward, as he pulled the brush through again and again. Coi had brushed my hair out in the past, had helped me to pry the burrs that found their way in during our hikes in the woods during scavenger runs. I closed my eyes, trying to keep this memory for later. For God hath not given us the spirit of fear; but of power, and of love, and of a sound mind (Timothy 2).
Coi’s fingertips brushed across my neck as he gathered my hair, placing it over my shoulder.
"Your hair is what makes it difficult for you to go unnoticed," Coi muttered.
I wasn’t exactly sure how it happened. I’d read some science books I’d found and tried to discover if my unusual hair was blessing or a curse. I was the only inhabitant of the barrier with light hair, a golden color full of unruly curls. I was surrounded by a community of people who all looked the same. Light brown skin and black, very straight hair. If my faith didn’t make me an outcast, my light skin and freckles certainly did.
But Coi had always stood by me.
I turned and met Coi’s stare, then leaned forward and touched my lips lightly to his cheek. "Thank you." I took the brush from him and busied myself with climbing in bed. My heart ached with emotion. I was going to miss him. "I’m leaving," I whispered.
"To where? This is our home."
I struggled. "I can’t stay, and I as much as I want to ask you to come with me, I know I can’t. I know you want to build a future here, but I can’t."
Coi sat up. His eyes wide, his mouth moving but nothing coming out. Finally, he found his voice. "You mean you won’t."
"I can’t," I whispered. I couldn’t tell Coi if I stayed I’d have to marry the Governor or all my friends would be in danger until I did. Coi would rush out and confront the Governor and do what he always did—try to protect me—and he couldn’t this time. Not without risking both our lives. I’d been told long before that my life was not one of complacency in the barrier but one of spreading faith, and this proposal was God’s way of pushing me out to do what I was being asked. If the Governor hadn’t asked me to stand by him, I would still be waiting for the day to get the courage to do what I know I was supposed to have enough faith to do on my own.
Coi stumbled over his words. "I know we have been here since we were young and that I’ve started a future with Erica, but I would think you know that I…"
"That I would know what?" I sat up on my knees. "I don’t have a place here. I’ve never fit in and now, well, now it’s just gotten more obvious."
With a huff, he moved back to his side of the curtain. "No. That I can take care of you. That this is your home. Just because I marry Erica doesn’t mean you aren’t my family anymore. I’ll still take care of you."
My heart sunk. "I can’t stay. Your place is with her. Taking care of her."
"The fish are coming back," he said. "There will be more food. Things will get better."
"What? The fish are not coming back!" I yelled at him. "The rivers are contaminated."
"No, they aren’t. The water has run clear for years. The fish are slowly returning."
"Just because the river is clear doesn’t mean it’s clean. The air looks clear, but we’re still getting sick. Not to mention, the fish that have made it back to lay eggs have mutated babies. I don’t think it’s good to eat a glowing fish or one that has two heads."
"Now you’re being ridiculous. None of the fish glow," Coi said, disgusted. "There are other animals out there. We can eat a deer or a bear… squirrels."
"Because we see so many deer and bear wondering around. They were killed into extinction years ago. When was the last time you even saw a bug?" I reached out for him, but he moved away. I wanted to beg him to come with me, but I held my tongue. "Maybe there are animals out there." I couldn’t coerce him to leave with me. I wanted him to leave because he wanted to. Because he saw a future. But mostly because I didn’t want to go alone.
"We have the gardens and it’s been, like, eleven years. The animals will come back," Coi insisted.
I shook my head. I needed him to stop giving me reasons to stay and offer to come.
"I’ve read about the water cycle and it says when the water evaporates, it’s still contaminated, and even if we collected the rain water in buckets, it doesn’t guarantee it’s clean. You know we’ve gotten sick from water that should have been clean. And the weather has changed." My voice was pleading. "It hasn’t rained enough in months. The barrels are only half what they should be. We need the water to drink and for the garden. There isn’t enough. The weather patterns are shifting. It’s gotten hotter in the summer, and we hardly get any snow." I reached out to him again, my words only a whisper, finally saying what my heart wished he’d offer without prompting. "You could come with me."
He’d lowered his head during my rant, shaking it back and forth. Slowly, he began to speak. "Just because you read the books in the school doesn’t mean you’re a scientist. It doesn’t mean you’re smarter than the rest of us. You grew up here, too. This is your home. This is where I’m planning a future." Coi got up and returned to his side of our room.
I sat on my side of the curtain for what seemed like hours, the silence deafening between us. We’d had this argument before and it never ended how I wanted it to. Silently, I slid under the covers. The lump in my throat was making speech difficult even if I knew what to say. I wiped a tear from my cheek.
"You don’t have to leave. You want to." Coi’s voice came from behind the curtain. The silence continued as he waited for a response.
"We’ve spent too long thinking we will be safe here. Our home is being destroyed. The people here are dried up, hope is gone. We’re cut off from any world outside these fences. God has set me in the middle of this land and asked me, can these empty bodies live? He told me to talk to them, to tell them to hear the word of the Lord. But the enemy has whispered lies and led us to be slaves. Filled me with a fear God has given me strength to overcome. I’m being sent out with my faith, and I’m trying to step out without fear." I took a deep breath and tried to sound surer of myself than I actually was. "I will call out to the dead hearts of the world and see an army rise against the evil," I finally said.
"I don’t know what’s worse, you telling all the kids this drivel or the fact you believe it," Coi said.
"I’ve ignored God’s directive too long, and He’s pushing my hand to finally do what I need to," I argued. I should be grateful a marriage request was all I’d endured. Jonah was eaten by a whale after not following God’s orders. What scared me the most was once I left, I knew there was no coming back.
"Pushed your hand? What are you talking about?" From behind the curtain, I heard Coi’s muffled coughs.
"Coi," I whispered. He didn’t respond. I repeated myself, louder this time. "Coi. I know you don’t understand, but the Governor…"
"Then I guess you better go," he cut me off. "Stop blaming the rules. Stop talking about it and go already."
I turned to face the curtain, lightly touching the faded pattern on the fabric. He coughed again.
"Coi." The curtain might as well have been a brick wall. "There is so much we’ve lost."
"And you’re going out there to lose even more." He coughed. "Just go. Leave us behind."
"I care about you," I whispered.
Coi’s shadow moved, leaning against the wall, bracing his hands on his knees as he continued to cough. "Do you? Really? Because if you cared, you’d stay."
"You’re my family," I whispered, wiping at a tear that had escaped.
Coi jumped up at my words. Shuffling noises came from the other side of the curtain as he began pulling his clothes back on. Coi’s fingers curled around the curtain, pulling it back with such force a few of the fasteners popped off, falling onto the dirt floor. "Let me make this very clear to you, Ol. There is nothing out there. Your family is here. I’m right here." He pointed back and forth between us. "But I’m not going to sit around waiting for you to figure out people here love you. Go on your stupid journey and let us move on without someone who believes their job is to save the world." Without waiting for a response, he spun on his heel and left.


Chapter 10

Coi’s sudden departure left me unsettled. I knew it wasn’t a good idea to follow him, I didn’t trust myself. The doubts his words stirred made it abundantly clear I was letting my head lead me instead of my heart that belonged to God.
"Arrgh," I growled. I couldn’t ignore God’s message. If I didn’t trust I was supposed to leave the barrier, how could I trust anything? For a year, I had gone through the motions of spreading the word. I’d tried to share my faith through the barrier and even my best friend thought I was crazy. I couldn’t stay and be the Governor’s wife. If I didn’t agree to his conditions, I was afraid he was going to kill Coi; and if I told Coi, I was afraid he would do something stupid and get himself killed anyway. I was going to leave, and he was going to remember me as being selfish.
If he didn’t already.
I prayed again that God would free me of fear. I had only a few days until the Governor followed through with his threats, and I didn’t know whether to be honest or leave my best friend thinking I deserted him.
I pulled my blankets over me and hoped sleep would come. Instead, I tossed and turned as memories of what life was like before floated through my head. The faces of my family long past blurred into indistinguishable figures, their voices distorted and unfamiliar. But shards of memories were still there, a vacation at the ocean, Christmas, a few years of school. The look my parents had in their eyes when they looked at each other before everyone got sick.
"Oli!" came a small squeak of a voice. "Oli!" It came again.
I sat up, trying to see the person behind the frantic yelling. "Bliss?" I asked.
I was smashed to the floor when her body landed on mine. "Bliss, what are you doing!" I scolded as I rolled out from under her.
Grabbing my shoulders, she yelled frantically in my face, "They took him! Oli, they took him!"
"Took who? Who are you talking about?" I felt my blood turn to ice at her words. There couldn’t have been a breach. Where was the alarm? Our population had remained steady for months. My heart stopped as I thought of another loss.
"Coi," she whispered.
"What?" My lips moved to form the words but nothing came out.
"How? Coi’s too fast for the Screamers. How’d they get him? Is the Guard going after him?" Without thinking, I grabbed my clothes, pulling them on then tugging my boots on as Bliss grabbed my hands.
"Not the Screamers. Oli, the Guard took him to quarantine."
Time stopped the moment the words left her mouth. I felt as if I was drowning, as if her voice was above me and I was sinking deep into an abyss.
"He told me I had the week," I muttered to myself. The Governor was showing his hand. He’d removed the protection I’d been given over Coi. My greatest fear was coming true… my refusal towards the Governors’ offer was going to cost Coi his life.
I couldn’t leave without helping Coi. He’d be killed without question if I just disappeared. Remaining here was out of the question, and I wasn’t sure Coi would agree even if he knew his life was on the line.
"Oli?" she asked carefully. "What are you going to do?"
I let my hands drop from my lacing efforts. What was I going to do? I tried to clear my thoughts. I didn’t have a lot of time but I had some. Coi would remain in quarantine as a pawn, showing the reach of the Governor’s power, or at least I hoped that was the way this was going to play out. Killing Coi right away might not be the message he wanted to send me.
I hoped not.
The procedure when someone was determined to be sick was to get rid of them instead of endangering the sanctity of the barrier. I was sure that was the story he told the Guard. He wouldn’t want to advertise he was bribing me to marry him. Forcing a woman to marry him probably wasn’t the image he wanted the barrier to have. What I did know was the Guard would follow procedures and come to our living quarters shortly to clean out his possessions, in case they were contaminated. Since none of us were privy to the knowledge of how the illness spread, we took precautions taught to us during the first outbreaks. Who knew if Coi truly was ill, but I was pretty sure it wasn’t the motivation behind him being taken away, and I couldn’t rely on past experience to predict how this would play out.
"Coi, I am so sorry," I whispered to myself. This was my fault. I should have left when I got the message from my prayers.
I didn’t have time to worry about that now.
I had to help him.
"Bliss, I need you to go back and find out what area of the building they took him to." It was best if Bliss did some recon. If I was seen going into the school after him it would only make things worse.
"Okay. I’ll go at first light. The gates. They’ll unlock them after the all clear. I can’t get out now." Bliss rubbed her hands together like she was part of a much larger plan than simply seeing where Coi was being held. I wished I could tell her, her instinct was true.
"Right, right," I said absently. "He should have at least a day… maybe two… before…." I couldn’t finish my thought.
"He’s not sick. They’ll have to let him out, won’t they? When they figure it out?"
"I don’t know, Bliss." I couldn’t offer her a false sense of hope. Even if the Guard had a mind of its own, they wouldn’t take a chance.
Bliss left me sitting, overwhelmed with emotions and crazy ideas as to how I was going to fix this. The sun would be up soon, leaving the gates open for her to find Coi. I tried to wrap my mind around the events of the evening; the Governor choosing me as his wife, Coi’s hands combing through my hair, the argument, Coi being taken away. "God, I will leave. I’ll do what you asked. Please, please let Coi be okay," I whispered. "I need a little time. Just a little."
Sunbeams started to find their way through the cracks in the wood. I had to pull myself together. The Guard would be here soon, and I needed to get Coi’s things before they came. Grabbing his satchel, I started to pull his possessions out of their cubbies and off the shelves. A warm coat, socks, another shirt, the only picture he had of his mom. A scrap of blanket he kept hidden under his comforter, the blanket he had sucked his thumb with for years after he got here. Finally, his knife, the flint, and a small box that sounded like it had important things in it when I shook it. The bag was bulging as I snapped it shut and shoved it under my blankets, then turned to grab my own.
"Please, God. I’ll leave. Please let him still be alive," I whispered my prayer over and over. I knew God didn’t make deals, but I was desperate. "I’m so sorry," I whispered to Coi’s side of the room. "I should have left months ago."
***
I knocked on the Governor’s door and waited for a noise or a shuffle or some sound on the other side to let me know he was inside, but it was silent. I rested against the wall, leaning over to cradle my head in my hands.
"I hope your visit is to inform me of your decision."
I jumped at his voice.
The Governor smiled.
"You told me I had a week."
"I thought you needed a bit of an incentive. To see I was serious." The Governor tilted his head to the side and ran a hand down my arm, taking my fingertips in his hand.
"I thought you were giving me time to think." I tried to pull my hand away, but he laced his fingers through mine and held tight.
"Thinking isn’t really necessary when it isn’t really a choice, is it?"
"Then why did you bother asking?"
He smiled at me. "I wanted you to have a proper proposal."
I looked into his light blue eyes. Eyes that held little information as to his true level of disgust. "I’m not sure it was much of a proposal."
He shrugged and let my hand go, turning his back on me. "It was the best I could do."
I pulled up all my courage and took a step toward him. "Let him go."
"Why?" He casually turned around.
"Because you know he isn’t really sick. You know he’s one of the strongest men in the barrier and he will make it stronger."
He turned on me quickly. "What I know is you are undermining my control, and you needed proof that I won’t allow it."
"So, you bribe me with the life of my friend?" I said before thinking.
He laughed dryly. Opening the door to his house, he took my arm and pulled me in after him.
"If I agree, will you let him go?" I pulled my arm from his hold. I stepped away and tried to control my breathing before I hyperventilated and passed out.
"Will you stop this ridiculous game you’re playing?" The Governor’s voice lost its levity.
"It’s my life. I’m not playing games with it." I flinched with the desperation I heard in my voice. I ran my fingers through my hair, trying to think of a way out of this mess.
"Interpretation." He crossed his arms over his chest.
I tilted my head to the side and tried to appear confident. "Let him go. Please."
"You are so unique." The Governor reached out and touched the hair hanging over my shoulder, running it between his fingers. "Do you trust me?"
"Not particularly." It was all I could do not to tear my hair from his grasp.
The Governor laughed again.
"Agree to my offer and I will release him." He stepped forward and grabbed me by the arms.
His touch alone made my skin crawl. I could feel the evil coursing through him and into my core.
"How do I know you won’t take him back into custody the minute I agree?"
His grip tightened. "As long as you share my bed, I will promise you his safety. You betray me and he will die."
"I can’t," I whispered.
The Governor pulled me in close, raising me on my tip toes. "Then he will die."


Chapter 11

"Okay." Bliss walked up, leaning casually against the fence. "He’s in the school. Downstairs. There’s a cage down there. It’s made of chain link fencing and goes to the ceiling. It isn’t very big. There’s a big lock. Ryan’s guarding him right now."
"Thanks, Bliss." I wiped the tears that began to fall and wrapped my arms around her.
"Is he really sick?"
I looked at the guard tower to see who was on post. "I don’t know."
"How can’t you know? You read all the books in the school." Bliss threw her hands up in the air.
Coi’s words from hours before drifted back through my mind. Just because you read books doesn’t make you a scientist.
"Bliss, the books in the school were basic biology not medical books. I don’t know anything." At least, not anything about whether he was sick.
"You know more than anyone else. Definitely more than those jerks in the Guard." Bliss flung her hands in the air.
"I don’t, Bliss. I know what you know. Nothing more."
"He’s going to get better," she said assuredly.
"I’m gonna get him," I said. "We won’t be back."
"No," she shouted. "You can’t leave. Where will you go?"
"Shh. After I get him out, I won’t be able to stay. Neither one of us will. And if I don’t get him out of there, they will kill him."
Tears silently slid down her cheeks as understanding soaked in. "Don’t leave me here. I can’t stay here. Please."
"I can’t. I won’t risk taking you with me. Be careful, Bliss. Follow the rules." Tears pooled in my eyes. "Just follow the rules."
"I love you, Oli. Tell Coi I love him, too." Bliss sobbed.
"I will." With one last hug, I headed for the gates.
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Erica making a diagonal line toward me, heading to intercept my path. The last thing I wanted to do was to talk to her. I tried to speed up my pace, to move ahead of her, but I was not so lucky.
"Oli!" she yelled, beginning to jog my way. "Oli!" she yelled louder.
I stopped to let her catch up.
"What happened? I hear they took Coi." She grabbed my arm.
"If you already know they took him, what is it you’re asking, Erica?" I didn’t want to give out more information than necessary. The fewer people that knew what was going on, the better.
She pulled me close. I could see where the tears had dried on her face. Tears for Coi. I had yet to cry for him. But then again, I wasn’t giving up the fight. It was clear no matter what I told her, she’d given up on him, had already begun to mourn.
"This is your fault. You did this to him," she yelled in my face.
"The Guard took him into quarantine. I didn’t make him sick." Pushing her aside, I headed to the gates. I knew it was my fault, and I didn’t need her reminding me.
"Leave it, Oli. You’re going to make it worse." She grabbed my arm.
"They’re going to kill him, Erica. I’m not sure how I can make that worse."
"Then take me with you. Let me talk to the Guard."
I tried to calm my already frazzled nerves. "No."
"You’ve already made a mess of things. I can talk to them, tell them that you caused this and beg for his release." She stood with her hands on her hips, glaring at me.
"This is not my fault." I held my hands out in surrender. "But if he really is sick, maybe you are, too, and heading into the quarantine is a great opportunity for them to not let you out."
Her expression of defiance disappeared and one of concern replaced it. "He isn’t sick."
"Then let me go tell them." I spoke calmer, hoping she would step down.
"Please get him out," she whispered.
"That’s the plan." I softened my tone a little. "He’s my friend, and I won’t let the Guard hurt him. I’m going to do everything in my power to stop it."
She nodded slightly then raised her eyes to me. "The Governor seems fond of you. You could ask for his help."
I cringed. "I’ll take that into consideration. Now, I’ve got to go." I turned on my heel and left her standing in the field.
"Tell him I love him! When you see him, tell him I love him," she yelled after me.
I stopped and looked at her, at her neat braided hair and clean clothes, and I knew why Coi liked her. "I’ll tell him."
"Promise me," she insisted.
I scowled at her. Did she really think I’d tell her I’d give Coi her words of endearment and then not do it? Okay, so in reality, I probably wasn’t going to find time to tell him, but eventually I would. After we were far from the barrier and he couldn’t come back and risk his life for her… then I probably would.
"Promise me," she said with more vengeance.
"I told you I would." I walked out of the barrier knowing I’d never go back.
The gates had opened shortly after the sunlight chased the Screamers back into hiding. Before leaving, I’d hidden the bags behind the bleachers. I needed them on the other side of the barrier; we wouldn’t be able to reenter once I released Coi from quarantine. I’d dug a hole and pushed the bags through. I had to make sure to fill the hole in securely; no matter how angry I was about this situation, I couldn’t sacrifice the security of the group with my escape attempt. No one would really care if I walked out and never came back. No one except the Governor. The last thing our leadership wanted was the others to know I turned down a request to be the Governor’s wife. It would most definitely undermine the tight control they wielded over the barrier. I had to get us out of here… preferably alive.
I went to the school every day. It wasn’t unusual for me to head that way today, but today I had a different agenda. The stairs to the lower level were in the back of the building, by a large gymnasium. Taking a deep breath, I headed down. Ryan was sitting in a chair, leaning the back against a wall so his legs dangled, swinging slightly. He looked like he was sleeping, but his eyes flew open as he heard my footsteps. The chair screeched as he lost his balance, trying to get up quickly.
"Man, Oli! You scared me!" Ryan snapped as he regained his balance. "You’re lucky I didn’t take you down. I’ve been up all night."
Ryan was older than me by a year or two. He’d been the guard who took me to the Governor yesterday. Geesh, had it really only been yesterday? He was tall and rugged looking. His skin was dark from hours spent in the guard towers. He wore his black hair long and tied back with a leather string, similar to Coi. We hadn’t spent a lot of time talking, but with so few people in our enclosure, everyone knew everyone.
"I guess I should have expected you to show sooner or later." Ryan grabbed his chair and repositioned himself.
I stared at the smug look on his face. I found it difficult to understand how he could see what was happening here and wouldn’t blink an eye at ending a life so the Governor could get his way. Unless, somehow, the Governor had promised him power as well.
"I’m here to see him."
"No."
"Why?" I was surprised by how whiny I sounded.
"Because."
"That isn’t a reason. Is he downstairs?" I headed toward the stairwell.
I made a quick glance to see if he was going to stop me. He didn’t move. That alone concerned me.
The Governor wanted me to see Coi.
I braced myself and headed down the stairs.
Bliss was right when she said the cage was small. I wasn’t sure what I expected, but what I saw was certainly not it. Coi’s limp body rested against the far wall, his eyes closed, his face covered in blood.
"What did you do?" I ran to the fence, my fingers interlacing the chain link. My knees buckled, and I sunk to the floor. "Coi! Coi!" I cried. "Coi," I said again, and finally, I saw his eyelids flutter. Turning quickly, I ran back upstairs. "Open the door! Let me in." I yelled. "Let me in with him." I shoved Ryan in the chest. "What did you do to him?"
"Calm down, Oli." Ryan grabbed my upper arms and shook me. "Calm down. You would have been proud of the fight he put up. Took five of us to get him in there, and Kyle and Ben are a bit worse for wear." He chuckled and sat back down in his chair.
"Open it," I snapped.
He shook his head. "I can’t."
Stomping back to where Ryan had his chair leaned against the wall, I grabbed the front of his shirt with one hand, while my other grasped the solid handle of the knife at my waist. I kicked the chair out from under him, sending him to the floor. My knee landed on his chest as I pressed my knife firmly to his throat. My brain had stopped working. Reflexes had kicked in, adrenaline was pumping through my veins. The knife moved against his Adam’s apple as my hand shook.
"Think about what you’re doing, Oli. The Governor won’t let anything get in his way. If you don’t agree to his terms, you’ll end up in there with him."
"That’s exactly where I want to end up, and I need you to bring me some rags, soap, and water."
"He’s sick. I’m not putting you in there with him. If you get sick, too, the Governor will take it out on me." His voice shook as I moved the knife deeper into his neck, but his gaze held firm.
"You know this isn’t about him being sick. Let me in."
"I know he’s been coughing, and I was told to ignore it until last night. The Guard has a duty to protect the people from another outbreak, and that’s what I did. He’s sick, and I won’t let you in there."
I had to change my approach.
"Look, Ryan. Coi and I are close. Very close. If he’s sick, it’s already too late for me."
Concern, then disbelief, filled his eyes as I moved in closer.
He narrowed his eyes. "You’re lying. The Governor gave him Erica, not you."
"What?" I stuttered. "No. I mean, yeah, but that doesn’t mean Coi and I…" I was losing this battle. I was a terrible liar
"Stop it. You aren’t like that. You run around spouting your faded scripture. You’re the most faithful person in the barrier. You’re lying. And if you aren’t, you just signed his and your death warrant. The Governor doesn’t want used goods."
His words took me aback. I sat over him, my breath causing his hair to flutter lightly. He turned his head to avoid breathing in the air I was exhaling. I smiled. Obviously, he was a little concerned. I moved in so my lips were almost touching his. "You don’t know me that well."
"Get off me!" He bucked, sending me flying to the side.
The air whooshed out of my lungs as my shoulder hit the wall with a thud. I held my shoulder and crawled to retrieve my knife from where it flew. I settled on the floor for a minute and massaged the bruised muscles.
"Give me the knife." Ryan held out his hand.
I hesitated, and Ryan stepped over and grabbed it from my hand.
Ryan spat on the floor. "It isn’t locked. Go in if that’s what you want, but I can’t promise you’ll get out again."
I got up and ran down the stairs. At first, I thought it was going to be easier than I’d anticipated. Just grab Coi and walk out. But soon, I realized Ryan hadn’t locked the door because Coi wasn’t going anywhere. With trepidation, I crawled to where he lay on the floor. His face was a bloody mess. I couldn’t decide where the blood originated, there was so much pooled around his body. Some was dry and caked, other areas glistened as it formed fresh pools. His clothes were torn and dirty. I kneeled beside his broken body, carefully running the back of my fingers over his cheek, not wanting to cause more pain. The tears began again, and I quickly wiped them away. I needed to hold it together. I had to get him out, and falling apart was not going to help. I pulled in a shaky breath and tried to calm down.
"Coi?" I whispered.
He tried to move but groaned in agony before laying still again.
"No, don’t move."
From behind me, Ryan slid a canteen of water and a rag across the floor. "It won’t make a difference. The Governor isn’t playing games anymore. Coi isn’t getting out of here, and your time is up, Oli. He wants you, and it’s either him or the Screamers. I wish it was different, but that’s the way things are now."
"You don’t care about me or Coi. You just want to be one of his minions," I spat.
"Yeah, whatever. Do what you need to. He’s going to die either way. You just need to decide if you want to go with him."
"Who gave you the right to choose the when?"
"You did. You gave the Guard the right to make the decisions because you didn’t want to."
I shook my head. Somehow, these young kids had raised themselves to a level where they thought they were above the rest.
"Someone might have given you that power, told you to decide because they couldn’t, but know this, Ryan, it wasn’t me." I turned my back to him and poured water on the rag. I carefully began to clean Coi’s face. I expected to find his head completely split open, but all I found was two gashes above his eye and a split lip. He tried to open his swollen eyes as I wiped gently.
"The Guard is nothing but a bunch of kids. Your day of reckoning will come. You’ll be held accountable for your actions." I didn’t take my eyes off Coi.
I heard Ryan shift from where he stood behind me. "Who’s going to hold me accountable, Oli? We were left behind."
"We weren’t left behind. The Governor is not judge and jury. You have no right to choose who lives or dies." I leveled my stare on him. "All who rely on observing the law are under a curse, for it is written, ‘cursed is everyone who does not continue to do everything written in the Book of the Law.’ Clearly, no one is justified before God by the law because the righteous will live by faith." (Galatians 3:10)
Ryan laughed. "Whatever. God’s gone. He left this world to us, and we have every right to decide. It is our job to keep the majority safe. To keep the world thriving. If that means you have to make sacrifices, if it means we have to cleanse the barrier, then that’s what we’ll do. We won’t be judged. There isn’t anyone left to judge us. Instead, we’ll be praised for keeping humanity alive."
"God never said belief in Him would allow you to avoid tribulation. He promised He’d do it with us. Fear God and give Him your glory because the hour of His judgment has come (Revelations 14:7). You need to decide whose judgment you fear more," I argued.
Coi grabbed my hand. "Stop. Listen to him. Go." The coughing that seemed to have subsided returned as he struggled to speak. "Do whatever it is the Governor asks."
"Shh. I’m not leaving."
"Go away." His words were barely audible.
I lifted Coi’s head, resting it on my lap. I gently ran my fingers through his hair, unsticking it from his cheeks and pulling it away from his face. Leaning forward, I kissed his forehead. "Not without you." Embracing the memory he had shared only hours before, I started to hum.
Coi’s eyebrows furrowed. "My mom sang me that song." His voice cracked.
"I know, Coi, just sleep."
"Stay. It’s your funeral," Ryan stated matter a fact. "But I’m not hanging out to watch this. I’ll be upstairs."
"You can’t choose who survives or how we live our lives," was all I got out before Ryan left, going upstairs to set up a post farther away from my singing.
"I’m so sorry," I whispered as Coi fell asleep.


Chapter 12

Coi’s moans woke me from a light doze. My neck was stiff and sore from the angle it had fallen. My legs were asleep after Coi’s weight pressed against them. It was impossible to tell what time it was in the dungeon, but the tiredness still filling my body told me I hadn’t slept long.
I clenched my teeth, suppressing the need to shove Coi off as his movements further squashed my legs, the pins and needles almost unbearable.
"Ow, Coi." I pressed my hands into his shoulders and shifted from under him.
Coi slid, landing on his back, holding his side. After a minute, he slowly rolled onto his knees in what looked like an attempt to get to his feet, groaning loudly at the effort. His cheeks were pale and a sheen of sweat covered his neck and face. I was afraid he was going to pass out. He lowered his head, touching his forehead to the cool floor.
I banged my palms against my thighs and tried to get the blood moving again. When I thought my legs would support me, I crawled to where Coi kneeled, his breath coming in quick pants, his cheeks blowing out with each exhale. I gently placed my hand on his back. He shrunk away, I let my palm hover for a moment before placing it back where it was. "Coi."
Through gritted teeth, Coi growled, "Don’t. Touch. Me."
"Coi." I lowered my head, touching my forehead to his back. It broke my heart to see Coi like this. He was strong mentally and physically and seeing him broken like this destroyed me. My plan of whisking him to safety had turned to simply keeping him alive.
"Why are you still here?" His voice cracked. "Leave already."
I flopped back onto the floor, put my head into my hands, rubbed my eyes, and let Coi have a moment. I imagined it was difficult to have me see him in such a state. Not to mention, he was apparently angry over last night.
Coi remained still, except for the slight movement of his chest at his labored breathing.
"Do you remember what happened?" I finally asked.
His head shook slightly, and then he coughed. Collapsing to his side, the cough ripped through his already tattered body. Tears streamed down his face as obvious pain grabbed hold of his damaged ribs.
I moved back to his side, stroking his hair.
Finally, he pulled in a shallow breath. Coi raised his hands to wipe the tears from his cheeks and batted my hand away.
"Stop pushing me away. We need to get out of here," I snapped, tired of his behavior.
"I’m not going anywhere." He rolled onto his back with an arm over his face.
"Yes you are." I stood and grabbed his arm in an attempt to pull him up, but he didn’t budge." I rubbed my forehead. "I came to get you out of here, and I’m not leaving without you."
He snorted. "I’m going to die here, and you can’t stop it. Leave. You were going to anyway."
"Stop feeling sorry for yourself. Get up." I kicked at his leg then I stomped to the cage, grabbing hold, and shaking out my frustrations on it. I turned around to face him, my hands on my hips. "I’m not leaving without you, so pull yourself together."
Pushing onto his knees, Coi slowly got one leg under him, and then another. Swaying, he leaned against the wall for support.
"It doesn’t matter anymore," he stated flatly. "I’m going to die. I’m sick. Get away from me."
I waved him off. "You don’t even know if you’re sick. They don’t even know. This isn’t about you being sick. We have to get out of here before they decide to kill both of us, and I won’t go without you. So, either get an attitude adjustment, or start feeling guilty because I’m holding you responsible if I get killed."
"They already decided to kill me. I may have been out of it, but I’m pretty sure I remember that part."
"Well, I would think that would be an incentive to escape. Come on, we have to get out of here. Can you walk?"
"Probably, but I’m not going to."
I ignored him and continued mapping out my plan. "Ryan was here last night, but he went upstairs after I started singing."
"What in the world were you doing to me when I was out of it?"
I waved off his comment. "I’m going to see if there’s still a guard up there. Lay down. It’s best if they think you’re still out of it." I headed up the stairs.
"I just got up," Coi whined, then groaned as he lowered himself back to the floor.
Ryan had left, and Ben now sat against the far wall, facing the stairs, his bat across his lap. As I reached the top, he looked up. Ryan had been right; Coi had not gone easily, and Ben’s face showed the evidence of a good fight.
"Oli," he said with a nod.
"Ben." I copied his action.
"Still alive down there?" he sneered.
"Yeah, still alive, and I want to keep it that way."
"Not sure you have much say on that. The Governor decided he needs to be terminated. Seems his health is distracting someone from their duty," Ben said.
"How do you know he’s infected? When did you become a doctor?"
"You know this isn’t really about that," Ryan interjected, walking into the room.
"Why does Coi die, but I get a reprieve? Why not kill me, too?"
Ben raised an eyebrow. "You know why. And you aren’t sick."
"Ryan thinks I’m sick," I said, distracted, as I tried to decide if Coi and I could overpower Ben and his bat.
"Why would he think you’re sick? Why do you think she’s sick?" Ben turned to Ryan then stretched his legs out in front of him. Apparently, our escaping wasn’t on the forefront of his mind.
"I don’t," Ryan said.
"Because I told him I was," I said.
"Why?" Ben laughed.
"I wanted to get in the cage."
"Coi’s not worth it," Ben mumbled as he touched his swollen eye. "Your life could be cake, and you’re turning it away. Coi’s not worth all the trouble.
"You marry the Governor then," I snapped.
"He’s not asking me."
I forced out a laugh. "You feeling okay?" I pointed to the swelling. "Coi isn’t as weak as you thought?"
"He’s a jerk."
"He was fighting for his life." I turned, heading back down the stairs.
"Well, he lost," Ben yelled.
"Let him go. I’ll take him away." I stopped my descent and turned back around. "We won’t come back."
"And sign my own death warrant? You leaving this enclosure is not an option." He tilted his head toward me. "It wouldn’t hurt you to open your eyes to what the Governor is offering. See what you may be missing."
"I’m not missing anything."
Ben stood and moved to stand over me. "You’re missing an opportunity to be a part of creating a new civilization."
I shook my head. "No. No, I don’t think we can salvage the civilization here, even if I stay," I said more emphatically. "I’m leaving, and I’m taking Coi with me."
"No one leaves, Ol. Where do you think you’re going to go? You walk out the gate and you and Coi will be dead either way." Ben reached out and grabbed my shoulder. His voice was surprisingly caring. "Either the Guard or the Screamers will hunt you down and kill you."
"At least it would be on my terms." I pulled away from his hold and walked back down the stairs.
"How’s it look?" Coi asked from his spot on the floor.
"Ben’s up there with his bat. Ryan was just leaving."
"That sounds promising." He glanced up at me. The area above one eye was swollen and dark green, the white of his eye blood red. A cold shiver ran through me.
"I think we can take him." I would love to smack him in the head with his bat. Most of the Guard had a weapon of choice—knife, arrows, a spear—but Ben had a bat. A long wooden bat that he’d practiced flipping and swinging for months before he could use it like a ninja used a staff. He could take the head off a Screamer with quick efficiency.
"How’s he look?" Coi asked.
"Not as bad as you but bad."
"He’s a jerk," Coi muttered.
"Yeah, that’s what he said about you, but that’s not helping us right now." I crossed my arms and stared at him.
Coi muttered some profanity under his breath then hoisted himself up. "Okay. Tell me this plan of yours and please tell me you have a weapon of some kind shoved in your sock or something."
I pressed my lips together then started rattling off my plan. "I think we can take Ben. He’s not 100% after the fight last night. They obviously don’t expect us to leave seeing as they left the cage open and there’s only one guard."
"But you told them we were leaving. I think the idea of a surprise attack has been ruined."
"They didn’t take me seriously."
"Oli, they didn’t take you seriously because no one ever escapes successfully. Because it’s better to be in here than to be out there," Coi said stubbornly. "Which is why I think this is a horrible idea."
"Remember Moses? He had a heck of a time getting out of Egypt, but God gave him an escape route. You need to get your faith in order right this minute because we are getting out of here, and if you waver in your trust and screw it up, I will never forgive you!" I waved off his attempt at interrupting me and continued. "They won’t be expecting us. They think you are worse than you are. I left our bags by the back of the enclosure. The Screamers don’t usually go back there since they can’t see anyone."
"They won’t expect us to leave because it’s idiotic," Coi muttered.
"You’re being negative, and it isn’t helping."
Coi pulled himself up and limped over, grabbing my shoulder for support while wrapping an arm around his ribs. "Oli, they aren’t worried because we will die whether we stay or go. We. Are. Going. To. Die."
Shrugging away from his grasp, I whispered harshly, "Why do you give up so easily? Why won’t you at least try? Isn’t it better to take our chances out there than just die in here?"
"Please tell me you have your knife. I really need to hear you say it," he whispered and bowed his head.
I took a deep breath. "Coi, we can do this. We have always believed there was more than this. More people out there." I pointed toward the ceiling.
"You believed, Oli. Look we’ve taken care of each other, we’ve always taken care of each other." Coi’s voice was so weak, I was afraid he was losing his anger, that he’d given up again. "I won’t be able take care of you out there. I can’t take care of you." He held his arms out, showing me his broken form. "I can’t fight the Screamers. I can’t fight the Guard. I’m too beat up." He nailed me with a hard stare. "And I’m guessing you don’t have your knife anymore?"
"I don’t. Ryan took it. But it isn’t important. We’ll improvise. Come on. We got to go now while they don’t expect it.
"What if I am sick? We get out, and then in a week or a month, I’m infected and you have to kill me. Where does that leave you?" His whispers turned harsh as he tried to get me to understand his point of view. "If I’m sick, I will try to eat you!"
"They don’t eat us." I laughed sadly.
Coi rolled his eyes. "It’s true."
"Not if you aren’t sick."
"You don’t know."
"Neither do you." I took his chin in my hand, making him look at me. "And neither do they."


Chapter 13

Coi had wavered but finally agreed it was better to at least try an escape. "We have nothing to lose," he said with a painful expression. "Doesn’t really matter how I die, I guess."
"Will you stop saying that? God’s the only one to decide the day of our death. (Psalm 139:1) Definitely not those goons, and Ben looks in bad shape, so we need to get up there before Ryan comes back"
"Yeah. Well, I’m hurting, too, so what are we going to do? Cry on each other’s shoulders about our pain and suffering?" He laughed stiffly.
"If I go up first and start talking to him, then you come up and act kind of weak and confused, he’ll probably go over to you, try to get you back down stairs, or maybe try to get another chance at you. Then I can get him from behind."
"Well, it should be easy to act weak and confused since I am weak and totally confused over how you talked me into this," he said sarcastically. "How are you stopping him? Kicking him in the shin? Asking for his grace? You can’t kill him. That’s just as bad as what they want to do to us."
Coi was right. I couldn’t kill him. "I can take his chair and hit him with it."
"And then he’ll turn around and pummel you with the bat."
"And you’ll take him from behind. I guess we’ll have to play it by ear and do what we can."
"Not the greatest plan," Coi said sadly.
I leaned into Coi’s side, resting my head on his shoulder. After a few minutes, I spoke again. "Why don’t you believe anymore?"
He sighed. "I did for a long time. I wanted to. I want to. But so many people left and no one has returned. Not one. How can no one return, unless there is nothing out there? Unless they can’t." He shifted like he was going to move away from me but seemed to change his mind and rubbed a knuckle down the bridge of his nose. A move he made when thinking. "We’ve been left behind. Why do you want to go out there and prove we were forgotten?"
I thought about what I wanted to say before I responded. "I command you-be strong and courageous! Do not be afraid or discouraged for the Lord your God is with you wherever you go (Joshua 1:9)."
"No," Coi snapped. "Don’t. Don’t start spouting out encouraging scripture. Those words were meant for a time long ago. Not now. Not in the mess we’re in now."
"Coi." I reached out to take his hand, but he moved it out of my reach. "Those words were meant to give us hope in hard times, especially times like this. Not redemption from hard times but redemption through hard times."
"I don’t feel Him anymore. If He hasn’t left us all, He’s left me."
I shook my head. "He hasn’t left you. You stopped listening."
Coi shifted. I put my hand out to keep from toppling over then, regaining my balance, I reached out and touched his arm. "The Lord took hold of me and said, go out into the valley and I will talk to you there (Ezekiel 3:22). I have to leave. God told me what to do, and I have to do it. I have to leave."
"And then what? What comes after that?"
I didn’t answer.
"He hasn’t given you that part of the message, has He?"
He hadn’t, but He did give me a verse to, as Coi liked to say, spout out. "Don’t copy the customs of this world. Let God transform you into a new person by changing the way you think. Then you will know what God wants you to do and you will know how good and pleasing and perfect His will really is (Romans 12:2)." I finished. I felt a sense of comfort in the words I’d been given. It was the first time I was given any indication God approved of Coi coming with me. Maybe He understood I needed help on this adventure.
"He told you that, too? Before?"
"No. He told it to me now… for you."
Coi raised a swollen eyebrow. "For me?"
"You aren’t listening, so He couldn’t tell you himself. Don’t turn your back on Him. The words we used to learn to read… they weren’t to learn to read, they were to learn His will. To not forget. The stories we told from the Bible, they aren’t stories, they’re lessons. God doesn’t leave us, we leave Him. Even when it seems all is lost, don’t forget to listen to what He wants us to do. We have to trust. Especially now."
Coi leaned his head back and sighed. "I’ve always been jealous by how you’re so sure there’s something bigger than us. That there’s more out there. That you believe He’s speaking to you. I tried to listen to the words instead of just read them. To believe for you." He took my hand and squeezed.
"Do it for you. You can’t lose hope. When hope’s gone, you have nothing."
"I’m nineteen, Ol. I worry my time is coming to an end just when I want it to begin." He ran a hand over his face, making a scratching noise from his unshaven jawline.
"Maybe it’s only here where few live past twenty. Maybe when we leave, we’ll find where the elders went."
Coi smiled sadly. "I’m sick, Oli. I think no one lives much longer."
"Is that why you chose Erica so quickly?" I asked.
"Maybe." He looked up. "But I do like her quite a bit."
"Then let’s get out of here and see if we can find answers about the world we lost."
"Without her," he muttered.
"There could be others. Someone you could love," I said hopefully.
Coi tilted his head and looked at me. "If it was so bad, why do you hope the world returns to what it was?"
I dragged my hand down my braid, absently trying to control the small hairs that had escaped their binding. "I don’t. I want a world which is better than the one we lost. A world where God is put first, not our needs or wants. That’s a world that will survive."
"Then why do you always ask for my memories? Why do you read about the past?"
"Not all memories are worth remembering, but we can learn from them. And the good ones—the ones I remember—I’m afraid if I don’t talk about them… I’m afraid they’ll fade. Besides, I like yours better. I don’t want to forget the past. But it’s too hard to talk about mine."
"Were you really leaving?" Coi changed the direction of our conversation.
"I wanted you to come. But yes, I would have left even if you decided to stay. I’d been waiting for the right time." I glanced over at him. "Also known as stalling."
"Am I’m your sign?" He laughed. "Is me getting beat up and put in quarantine by the Guard a sign?"
I lightly nudged his shoulder. The Governor’s proposal was the kick in the pants I needed, but Coi’s arrest was a big part of it. "Part of it. At least, I think so, which is why I know this is going to work."
"So, what happens if we get out and there is nothing? Just more Screamers?"
"There won’t be nothing. There’ll be us. We can share the hope of our future. We may not find anyone right away. We have to have faith."
"Faith," Coi repeated. Taking my hand in his, he squeezed. "It’s why we have to go?"
"Apparently. I am sitting here devising a plan on how to save you."
"Apparently."
"I have something I have to tell you," I whispered.
"Something weirder than God spoke to you and told you to leave?" He raised his eyebrows at me smugly.
I shrugged, then started picking at a string on my pants.
"You’re thinking we should clear the air before we start on this adventure?" His voice was low as he moved his shoulder lightly into mine. "And probably die."
"There’s faith for you."
"Just pointing out the obvious."
I cleared my throat and tried to show some resolve. "I get it." I cleared my throat again. "She told me she loves you." I started speaking faster. "I’ll go back and get her. I understand you have feelings for her, and when I get you to safety, I’ll come back for her." I closed my eyes and sighed. I knew what I was supposed to say. God was asking me to give my blessing to Coi and Erica, to look past how she treated me and be the bigger person. Not make Coi choose between his best friend and the girl he liked. "That’s why I’ll go back and get her if that’s what you want. I’ll get her so she can come with us." My heart sunk. I didn’t want to get Erica. I wasn’t a good person. I couldn’t help myself, and I let my true feelings spill out. "But I don’t like her, and she is only nice to me when you’re around." I lowered my eyes and found the string I’d been picking at earlier. I couldn’t look at him. I was a horrible person. "I’m sure Moses didn’t like every person he saved," I muttered. "I’ll get her if you want."
Coi grabbed my hand, wrapping his tight around mine. "Erica." His voice dropped so I could barely hear him. "Thank you. But I think it’s best we keep her out of this."
"I’ll come back," I started.
"No. I appreciate the sentiment, but it’s bad enough we’re going out there to get killed. Erica isn’t cut out for the outside, and I can barely stand let alone watch after the two of you."
"I’m a horrible person for wishing you’d tell me not to get her." I covered my face with my hands.
"It’s okay. It’s always been just us. We’ll figure it out." He tried to look somewhat positive.
I heard his words and wanted to let them reassure me it was best to leave her, especially since I felt she was undermining what I was trying to do. If she came along, I would be fighting her as well as all the Screamers, but I still felt bad knowing Coi had actual feelings for her.
"I’ve never wanted to leave you." I snuck a glance his way. "I just know it’s my time to go. You were starting a new chapter."
"I’m sorry if the time I spent with Erica hurt you. I’m sure I would have had a hard time if it was you who found someone else to spend time with."
His words stuck with me. It hurt to think of me with someone else? Did he know about the Governor’s plans?
"There’s never been anyone." The words stuck in my throat.
Coi stared blankly into the darkness of the room. "I guess our future is infinite." With a smile, he leaned forward and brushed his lips briefly against my forehead. "You’re my hope now, Ol."


Chapter 14

I hoped enough time passed for it to be close to dusk. Coi agreed our best chance of survival was to get out with it too close to dark for the Guard to follow and too light for the Screamers to be out in full force. Both of which was nearly impossible to gauge while we were in a basement.
I headed up the stairs, trying not to be too quiet, but not too casual, either. As I hoped, Ben was still the guard. He looked sleepy, or it could have been the swollenness of his abrasions. Purple, yellow, and green bruises had emerged around his eye and cheek bones. His face not that dissimilar to the one I’d left behind in the basement. Coi had bruised ribs; I hoped Ben had suffered the same. It would make my job easier.
"Ready to head back to your bunk?" Ben said through half closed eyes. His voice betrayed his lack of rest. "Decide your chances were better without someone who’s going die tomorrow?"
"You haven’t fed us," I stated flatly.
"You’ll get food when Will comes for his turn."
"When will that be?" I tried to sound hard, not let my anxiety seep through my words.
"Whenever he shows up."
"He’ll have to come before it gets dark," I stated.
"Yeah, so?"
"Just saying." I was hoping for a clue as to the time of day, but Ben wasn’t much for conversation.
I moved toward where Ben sat. I could hear Coi shuffling up the stairs.
Ben waved me off. "Get going; it’s close to dusk and you don’t want to get stuck over here."
"I’m not leaving without Coi." I tried to keep talking so he wouldn’t notice the racket Coi was making.
"Well, I choose not to be hung by one of the crosses because I let the Governor’s precious Olivia leave."
Coi’s breathing sounded like a hurricane coming up the stairs. Luckily, Ben didn’t seem to notice—until Coi’s form filled the door jam.
"Dang it, Oli!" Ben was on his feet a whole lot faster than I thought possible. It was all moving faster than I expected. He shoved me to the side, and in two steps was in Coi’s face, letting go with a tirade of profanity. Coi had to hold it together; if he let his temper go, the plan could fall apart. I needed Ben to move, to let Coi get away from the stairs. If I hit him now, he would fall into Coi. Ben going down the stairs would have been great, not so much with Coi being pulled down with him.
Move! I prayed.
Coi used his shoulder to drive past Ben. The move would have paved the way for my next move, except Ben turned around and came for me. I saw the chair he’d been sitting in and lunged for it. Ben shifted to intercept me, but I got there first and I grabbed the chair, holding it over my head in what I hoped was a threatening stance. I prayed Coi would take advantage of my distraction and do something to save me. With a quick swing, Ben took my feet out from under me with his bat. I landed on my side, my elbow connecting with the hard floor. I tried to roll out of the way, but the pain stalled me and the chair rained down, hitting me instead of him. My ears rang, and stars speckled my vision, making it impossible to identify who was who. I pushed the chair off my head and got to my knees, pulling in deep breathes to avoid rolling in a ball and crying.
"Aahh!" I looked up in time to see Coi lower his shoulder and slam Ben into the wall. At least, I hoped it was Coi.
I rubbed my eyes and pulled myself together as best I could to look for a better weapon, one that would hurt less if it fell on me. Ben’s water canteen had rolled to the wall. I crawled to where it sat and grabbed it, feeling for the weight of some water inside. I dropped the bottle and grabbed the strap. The bottle wasn’t full, but between the metal of the container and the little water inside, I hoped it would do its job. I spread my feet in a solid stance and flung the bottle over my head, anticipating the impact as it hit Ben in the back of the head. Instead, it swung behind me and hit me in the head, knocking me off my balance and onto my knees. Ben laughed, then knowing Coi’s weakness, leveled a punch to his side. Coi went down like a bag of rocks. I was on my own and up to now, had failed miserably.
"Coi!"
"Stop this." Ben held his hands up in front of him. A trickle of blood ran from the corner of his mouth.
A small part of me was happy he had suffered some injury during this ridiculous battle, even if it was small. "We’re leaving. I’m taking him, so you stop!" I yelled.
Ben shook his head and inched toward me. "I can’t let you do that."
I took a step back, hitting the wall. "I can’t stay. Please." I hated that my voice had taken on a begging tone.
Ben closed the distance between us and grabbed my arm so hard I was lifted onto my toes. "I won’t put my life in your hands. The Governor…" Ben’s voice trailed off as his feet went out from under him, and we tumbled to the ground, his temple hitting the corner of the door frame. The crack of Ben’s head connecting with the wall sounded like a slap of thunder. I expected the entire guard to come barreling down on us. I scrambled to my knees and moved away from him, my breaths coming in short gasps. The noise of the battle had ceased, all that filled the room now was the wheezing coming from Coi’s labored breathing. Ben lay very still.
A groan was the only indication he wasn’t dead. I crawled to where Ben was and patted him down until I found his knife tucked into a holster at his side. I pulled it out and slid it into the sheath on my boot, replacing the one they had taken from me earlier. Then I moved to where Coi had fallen to his side, one arm holding his side and the other holding Ben’s beloved bat. The same bat Coi had just swung across the floor and taken Ben out at the knees. "Coi, we have to go. Now!" I pulled at his body with all my might.
"I can’t," he whispered.
"You don’t have a choice. Come on!" I snarled through my teeth.
"Ol, leave me. Get out." He groaned, rolled onto his knees, and threw up.
"Oh for goodness sake, Coi. Get up!" I ran a hand over my head in frustration, but when I brought my hand back around, it was covered in a thin coat of blood from where the canteen had made contact. I wiped it on my pants so Coi wouldn’t see I’d been hurt.
Coi’s body was very still, and we didn’t have much time. I didn’t want to leave him behind. Trying a different approach, I lightly touched his shoulder, grasping his bicep to support him.
"Come on, we've got to move," I said in a calm whisper.
With my help, Coi righted himself and turned toward the door.
"Remember it was you that made me come," he said with a forced grin.
"I take full responsibility. Now come on." I pulled him after me.
Deja vu flowed over me as Coi and I made our way down the same hall we had walked down only the day before.
"Please be dusk, please be dusk," I pleaded quietly.
I turned the corner, coming to such a quick stop Coi ran into the back of me, knocking me to my knees, then falling on top of me.
We remained still, squashed together on the floor, waiting to see if we’d been heard.
"Sorry," he whispered into my ear.
"Shh." I let the sound barely leave my lips, pointing around the corner.
Coi pushed himself up, craning his neck to peek around the corner. Ryan stood in the doorway talking with another guard.
Coi turned, falling back against the wall and off me.
"So, what do you think?" he barely whispered when I’d righted myself and sat next to him pressed against the wall.
Coi looked down at the front of his shirt and ran a finger over the wetness that had soaked in from the gash on my head. His finger came away smudged with red. He raised an eyebrow.
I shook my head.
"Where?" he mouthed.
I pointed to the back of my head.
"Okay?" he mouthed again.
I nodded then pointed in the opposite direction. We’d have to go another way. If the Guard was at the front, the other exits should be clear. Until they found Ben… then we’d be toast. We had to move fast.
With a nod, Coi regained his footing. Taking the lead, he grabbed my hand and headed down an adjacent hall. We crept down the corridor. My silent pleading had been answered. The sky shone dimly through the windows of the doors at the end of the hall. It was like a beacon pulling us toward our freedom. So far, I hadn’t heard any commotion. Maybe we had time. If they’d found Ben, we’d have heard them.
I’d spoke too soon.
"Ben! Ben! Get up!" Yelling and profanity directed at Ben’s lack of manliness and at Coi’s… well, at everything about Coi, echoed down the empty halls. The pounding sound of their feet climbing the stairs put fear in my veins. I had a great need to roll into a ball and cower in the corner. I’d lived my entire life relying on this group of men to protect me from the dangers of life, and now they were what endangered me. For a moment, I froze. My feet stuck to the floor with fear. My head was completely empty of thought, and I didn’t know what to do.
Coi turned and met my glassy-eyed stare. "Ol?"
A tear ran down my cheek. Was I making a terrible mistake?
Coi took me by the shoulders and gave me a shake. "Ol. What do we do?"
Go.
The voice resonated in my head.
Go, it said again.
I rubbed the tear off my cheek, grabbed Coi’s hand, and got my bearings back.
We had to get out of the school and far enough away from the compound that the Guard wouldn’t follow into the dark. Between the fight and my moment of lost faith, we were quickly running out of time.
"They’re coming." Coi pulled at my arm. "Leave me."
I felt their presence before I heard the voices. They’d found us.
"No. It’s too late to go back." I dragged him after me.
"Stop," they yelled.
I forced myself to not look back as we burst through the doors. I looked to the sky, checking to see where the sun was, how high it was in the sky. How much time did we have before night came? Before the Screamers came? For the first time in my life, I prayed darkness would come faster. I saw the Screamers as an ally in our escape.
Coi shared my thought. "We have about an hour."
"Our stuff is…" I turned to head toward the back of the compound but was cut off before I could finish.
"There isn’t time!" Coi yelled, forgetting all thought of keeping quiet and took off at a stumbling run.
I stared after the figure running away from me.
Apparently, Coi was 100 percent in on our escape.
The barrier was across the street from the main entrance of the school. I’d followed Coi down a corridor that put us at the back of the school. He was right; we didn’t have time to run around the building, grab our stuff, and run back.
We’d burst through the doors and now stood facing a large hill, speckled with dead trees. Coi had pulled some crazy energy from the depths of his soul to get us out of the building. I doubted he had enough to make it up the hill and if that did happen, I definitely didn’t think he would make it much further.
"You won’t make it up there," I said matter-a-fact.
The voices were growing louder as the Guard organized, getting ready for pursuit.
"I don’t have a choice," Coi said over his shoulder as he started up the hill.
I followed, trying to support him from behind, hoping adrenaline would get us where we needed to go.
Far, far away from the Guard.
Every time his feet slipped, an agonizing groan would escape. I hurt just imagining the pain his ribs must be causing.
I expected to hear the crash of broken brush coming up on us any minute. I waited for a hand to grab my ankles, pulling me down. But none of my fears transpired. As we reached the crest of the hill, Coi collapsed behind a tree. I slunk down as well. The hill gave us a perspective of the compound I’d never seen before. The view provided me with access to all entryways. So far, no one had emerged from any of the doors. But I could see the Screamers beginning to move in the dim light of the trees below.
"They won’t follow us. It’s getting dark." Coi braced himself against the tree, his breathing coming in short gasps.
"Well, that was the plan, wasn’t it? They’ll let the Screamers take care of us." I crawled over to sit by Coi. I knew they would eventually follow us. The Governor wouldn’t lose face by just letting me walk away.
"They’ll come. Send out some guards tomorrow. Make it look like they attempted to find us. Maybe even lie and say they found us, we were infected, and they had to terminate us." Coi’s voice was weak, but the anger he felt for the Guard was clear. He’d been one of them, and they’d been quick to turn their backs on him. He didn’t trust them any more than I did, but I knew they would come to bring me back.
"So, what direction? We need a safe place before dark. We need to get as far away as we can." Even in the heat of the setting sun, a cold chill ran through me. "Are you ready?"
"No. But that doesn’t mean we shouldn’t get moving."
"I don’t think we’ve ever gone this way on scavenge trips. Maybe it’s a good sign." I stooped to help pull Coi to his feet. His hair hung loose from its tie and was drenched with sweat from the effort he’d put forth to get out of the school. "I know how hard this is for you. You’re doing great." I hoped my words of encouragement would provide a bit more energy for the final stretch of our journey.
"I’m not a little kid. I don’t need constant encouragement," he snapped.
"Was just trying to help," I muttered and walked ahead.
We made it through the town that encircled the high school. It had become increasingly obvious why the scavenge teams didn’t take the same route to the town. It was an almost impossible climb up a steep hill of loose dirt. We didn’t stop but continued to walk down the center of the broken road. The town had one main street. There were other streets which branched off, but they led to homes, no stores or buildings with helpful supplies. In fact, we’d discovered early on that this particular town, although a good place to stop due to the low population, was dying before the outbreak ever began. Empty store fronts offering nothing to our survival speckled the street. Trees ran down both sides of the road, and I could imagine at one time it had been a shady, quaint place to live. Now, however, the trees held the same dead rust colored leaves of the barrier. We didn’t stop, even though Coi threw up a few times along the way and was barely picking up his feet as he walked. We were still too close to the enclosure.
We’d barely made it out of town and darkness fell much sooner than we’d anticipated. Coi’s breathing was labored, and he had one arm wrapped around his middle. He looked like he was holding his insides in. I wasn’t sure how much farther he could go or how safe we would be once the Screamers started roaming the night. Our current position left us vulnerable with little protection from their chomping jaws.
Coi stumbled, caught himself, then went down on a knee. "Ol, I got to stop."
I looked around. The woods bordered both sides of the road. Dense trees. Thick shrubs. No real shelter, but the foliage here was thick and beginning to lose the color of death. I looked at the trees then back at Coi and shrugged.
"No," he said.
"It’s kind of our only choice. It isn’t like I can build us a secure shelter in the next five minutes."
"Oli," Coi groaned. "I can’t climb."
"You have to. It’s the only place they can’t get us. I’ll help."
Not waiting for him to argue, I grabbed Coi’s sleeve, pulling him to his feet and into the woods. I wasn’t sure how the Screamers tracked us. Whether the large group of us caused them to return every night, or if they somehow sensed us. Either way, I knew they couldn’t climb the fence of the enclosure and hoped they equally couldn’t climb a tree.
I found a tree that had low bows and thick needles. Another tree grew nearby, and the branches seemed to intertwine. If I could get Coi up one side, I should be able to get up the other, and we could be near enough to each other that I could somehow support him and keep him from tumbling out of the tree.
I looked back to tell Coi of my discovery and found him lying in a prone position on a pile of rotting vegetation.
"Coi?" I hesitated. His body was so still. "Coi?" I said louder.
A quiet moan escaped from him.
"Thank you, God," I whispered. I’d been prepared to leave on my own. But that was with knowing Coi was still alive in the compound. I wasn’t ready to lose him.
"I got it figured out. C’mon. Get up. We have to get in the tree."
"I can’t." His voice was hoarse from lack of fluids, and his eyes remained closed.
Tired and ready for the day to be over, I yelled, "Coi. Get up there!" Seeing my tactic did little to inspire him to move, I took a breath and tried a softer tone. "This is the last thing I’ll ask of you. Once you’re in the tree, you can sleep. You can rest. Just do this for me. This last thing."
"Everything I have done in the last twenty-four hours has been for you. Can’t you let me have these few moments of peace to myself?"
"I can’t if it means you’ll get eaten by a Screamer."
Coi pulled himself up with the last of his energy. "I can’t be eaten because I was told by someone once that they can’t actually eat people. Apparently, they just gum us to death."
"Glad you still have a sense of humor. Now, let’s get somewhere we won’t be gummed to death."
After a lot of complaining, groaning, and a kick in the face, I got Coi settled into the branches of the fir tree. He took shallow breaths, and I could hear a gurgle deep in his lungs. I hated to think what damage was done on our escape. Climbing up the adjacent tree, I positioned myself against the trunk so I could see Coi and any activity that may go on below.
"Oli?" Coi’s voice was a raspy whisper, but in the silence of the woods, it felt as if he had screamed.
"Shh."
He ignored my request for silence. "It’s so quiet. I don’t remember it ever being so quiet in the dark."
"Well, let’s hope it stays that way." I shifted and grabbed a branch above my head when I began to lose my balance.
"Oli?"
"Yeah?"
"I’m sorry about getting mad. I’m sorry for being so stubborn about everything."
"No apologies needed. We’ve known each other too long to hold grudges."
He didn’t respond.
I thought he’d fallen asleep.
Then I heard his words, mumbled, but clear, "Thank you, Oli."


Chapter 15

The sun warmed my face when it began to peek through the branches. My neck was stiff from the angle I’d fallen asleep, and my body ached from the fight with Ben. I tried to straighten but pins and needles had set in. I lost my balance, and before I could grab the branch above, I fell, hitting the branch directly beneath me, then bounced and slid head first toward the ground. My coat tore and a broken branch stabbed my arm. Grabbing frantically, I righted myself enough to land on my side instead of my head. The wind was knocked out of me, and I gasped to pull air into my lungs, then I lay still, waiting for them to accept the air I was forcing in.
"You all right?" came Coi’s voice from above.
I moaned and turned over. "Yeah." Rising to my knees, I tried to assess my newest injuries. Pulling my sleeve to the side, I saw blood seeping from the jab of the branch.
"I’m okay," I repeated a little louder.
"I’m coming down." I heard rustling above.
I crawled out from under the trees, giving Coi plenty of room to drop down. He took a long time, maneuvering the branches much better than I had.
When he finally hit the forest floor, I looked up, afraid to see him in the day light.
"Ta da!" He laughed stiffly.
Coi’s face was speckled with sap from the tree. Sweat had dried his hair into clumps, and the bruises from the day before were swollen and purple.
"How are you feeling?" I asked.
"Ol, your arm." He reached out to touch it, but I pulled away.
"Does it hurt?" I said, pointing at his face, avoiding his concern.
"Does it hurt?" he repeated pointing at my arm.
"Ha, ha," I said dryly.
"I’m fine." He showed a stiff smile. "Let’s go. We need to find some water."
I stood silently as he walked past me. "I’m fine, too," I said to his back.
We walked out of the woods, careful to not leave an obvious trail. The night had passed without a sign of the Screamers, but at this point, they weren’t my primary concern. The Governor would not be happy with my escape, and I worried what would happen if he caught up with us.
We walked down the middle of what used to be a road. The farther we moved away from the barrier, the greener our surroundings became. The fir trees gave off the most wonderful smell, which took me straight back to Christmas trees from the past. The scent of damp grass and possibly a flower filled the air, making my head swim.
"It smells so wonderful." I pulled in a deep breath and closed my eyes. "There isn’t even a hint of rot or stink from unwashed children."
"Who stinks?" Coi laughed at my pure joy of the fresh air.
"The little guys rarely wash, and their hair smells greasy." I shuddered. "They have lice, too."
"Oh my goodness," Coi muttered. "With this heat, I’m guessing you’re going to wish you could smell the kids again."
I wrinkled my nose and took a step away from him.
Weeds had grown through the cracked, bumpy pavement, causing Coi to trip every once in a while as he got increasingly tired. It was easier for him to move along a somewhat level path, and we were making better time without the obstacles the forest had put before us, but it was still slow going.
I didn’t remember walking to the barrier; I was only eight, and when I went to scavenge, we hadn’t gone much farther than the nearby town. I had always wondered why we didn’t go farther to look for food and supplies… now I knew. There was nothing but forest. Not a broken down car, not a house, not a shack, nothing but healthy green trees. I was in love with the outside.
By afternoon, we hadn’t even found a puddle.
"You haven’t coughed for a while," I said.
"Mercy is being shown to me," Coi muttered quietly.
"God’s mercy."
Coi made a grunting sound.
"So, you think they’re broken? Your ribs?"
"No, probably just bruised." He continued to walk, holding his waist.
"Anything I can do?"
"Nope."
I stopped talking after that.
"Could we stop for a minute?" Coi stopped and rested his hands on his knees.
"We need to get as far away from the barrier as we can. I don’t know if they’re coming after us."
"I just need a minute." He headed to a small knoll alongside the road.
I stood in the road with my hands on my hips.
"I don’t need to ask permission. I was trying to be polite." He grimaced as he lowered himself to the ground.
"I’m trying to get us someplace safe. You should worry about that as well."
"Where exactly is this safe place you speak of?" He tried to run his fingers through his hair, but they got stuck in the sticky pitch. "I’m not seeing a lot of anything."
"The trees are beautiful." I sat down and began digging in the dirt with a twig.
"We can’t live in a tree. Can’t eat a tree. And most importantly, we can’t drink a tree."
"I think we need to get somewhere farther than a few feet from the barrier." I stood up and wiped the dust from my pants.
"I need a minute. Nothing’s gonna happen in a minute."
"Your minute’s up." I held my hand out to help him up.
With a tired shake of his head, he grabbed my hand and let me pull him up.
"I appreciate it, I do. I don’t mean to seem unthankful," Coi said.
"About what?"
"Worrying about me. Caring enough to go into the school and getting me. Not everyone would do that." Coi looked beaten down, and I hated that it was my fault. The reality of the moment was hitting us both. We had left everything behind.
"I’m sorry you had to leave everyone behind. I know it made you angry."
"Oli." He picked a leaf out of my hair. "I wasn’t exactly mad. Not really." He shrugged. "I’m still not mad. Even though you made me sleep in a tree." He lightly punched me in the shoulder.
"I was protecting you." I smiled. "Remember?"
"I’m supposed to be protecting you." His shoulders slumped.
"We’ve always protected each other. Let’s keep doing that."
"I love you, Oli." He sighed. "You’re like a sister to me. You’re the closest thing to family I have. But you have to understand, Erica… She’s my family, too." He glanced my way. "I haven’t been thinking about leaving. I didn’t want to leave. There’s people back there I’m going to miss."
"I know." I stepped back on to the road. "I know."
"You know," he repeated.
I continued to walk onto the road, hoping he would follow.
"Do you have any feelings for the people we left behind?" He remained planted, apparently unwilling to follow until we hashed this out.
"You know I do. Come on. Please. Let’s keep moving."
"No, I don’t. If you think something bad is happening in the barrier, then shouldn’t we stay close to help them?" He put his hands on his hips and stood his ground.
"Please, Coi. I’ll talk to you when you start walking again." I walked backward, away from him. "Please start moving."
Coi shook his head and stood his ground for another minute, then with a look of defeat, he followed me down the road. "I’m moving. Tell me what you know."
I waited until he caught up, then turned around and walked beside him for a few steps.
"Did you lie to me?" he asked.
"Lie?" I glanced over at him. "No."
"So, you believe they were really going to kill me?" he said quietly.
I walked a few more steps before I answered. I knew my silence was killing him, but I wanted to be sure of my words before I spoke. "Yes. They were definitely going to kill you."
Coi laughed dryly and ran a hand over his chin, groaning at the movement. "Because I cough."
I hesitated. "Yes."
"I gave up my future because of a cough." He shook his head.
An uncomfortable silence fell over us until Coi finally muttered under his breath, "The Guard just decided I’m sick and bam! I’m slated to die." He shrugged. "That’s messed up."
"We shouldn’t have to give up anything just because some man wants to control everyone and everything no matter what you might feel about them and their crazy ideas," I blurted out angrily. Then, realizing what I’d said, I tried to cover my words. "You know, like you said, you had a cough."
"Whoa." Coi stopped, his eyes huge as he processed my words. "Oli. Where did that even come from?"
I tried to regain my composure. Coi believed in the Governor. I’d known him almost my entire life, and he’d never been disrespectful to the man who led us. Fear the Governor would send men after us to drag me back to camp and into a life of misery at his hand ran close to the surface. Was I really risking Coi’s life to avoid being subjected to the Governor’s wishes?
"Oli?" Coi lightly touched my arm, pulling me out of my daze. "What happened back there?" His expression had gone through a myriad of emotions, finally landing on confused.
I blinked at him, then asked, "Do you really believe we were left here?"
Coi’s face relaxed a bit, but his mouth tightened before he spoke. "I believe God left us to fight a battle to prove we are worthy to be with Him. I do not believe God is here any longer."
"You believe He took everyone up and left us here?"
"No. I don’t believe He found anyone worthy. I think He left us all behind."
"But we were little when it started. How could we be held accountable for the lack of faith?"
"I think it’s why our parents made us read the Bible so much. Why, after a while, they left and never returned. I think they tried to gain forgiveness for not teaching us before. Or for their lack of faith before. Then I think they got discouraged and left us to find a better way without the bitterness they held," Coi said flatly.
I wasn’t sure what to tell him. Maybe he was right. Maybe we had been left behind. But only by our parents. God was still near. He talked to me, and I listened.
"You don’t agree?" He sighed and turned to continue walking.
I followed him, not speeding up to walk beside him. "And David said to Solomon his son, Be strong and of good courage, and do it: fear not, nor be dismayed: for the Lord God, will be with thee; He will not fail thee, nor forsake thee, until thou hast finished all the works for the service of the house of the Lord (Deuteronomy 3.22)."
His head moved back and forth.
"God will not turn His back on us. Our parents may have left us, but He’ll never leave us," I continued.
"Then how do you explain this?" He flung his arm out then winced. "Ow."
"Do not fear them: for the Lord your God He shall fight for you," I started.
His shoulders straightened.
"Death sweeps everything away. It yields to no one, and once you are in its power you cannot escape (Song of Song 8:6)."
Coi stopped and faced me. "Any more?"
"You forget the rest; so is it with love. It takes control of your life, and like a gigantic fire it cannot be doused. Love must be treated with the most caution and respect." I stopped walking and waited.
"I didn’t give away something so precious in a flippant manner, and I apologize if you feel that was how I gave my love to Erica. I don’t know if it was true and pure love, but it was the beginning of something, and I no longer have it." He paused. "I also know you’re scared and are hiding behind your faith because you’re afraid loving someone will overwhelm you, and you think if I’m with Erica, I’ll go away and you’ll be left alone. But I’m not going anywhere. I swear to the God you hold so precious to your heart that I love you to my bones, but I can’t so easily forget those we left behind, and I’d appreciate you giving me a little grace."
I walked to him and carefully wrapped my arms around his waist, placing my cheek against the rough material of his coat. "Love brings a vulnerability and pain."
"Not mine." Coi kissed the top of my head. "You can’t erase the years we’ve been together." He smiled. "It’s okay for me to love her. It’s not a choice of her or you. I’m not going anywhere."
I closed my eyes tight to keep the tears from escaping. I knew I needed to tell Coi the reason behind my need for a quick departure. It wasn’t fair I was leading him away from the only home he knew and into a world of danger without understanding what lay behind. I didn’t doubt the Governor was organizing a party to come after us… me. I didn’t doubt for a second that Coi’s life would be used as a wager again and again in my forced marriage, and if I didn’t agree, I knew the Governor would finally kill Coi as well as myself. Our escape was not going to fare well in his leadership, and the need to make an example would drive him to find us.


Chapter 16

"You act so tough. But you’re not," Coi said out of the blue.
"Yeah?" I rubbed my eyes, looking toward the sun beating down on us.
"You’re scared." Coi walked past me.
"You’d be stupid not to be scared when deadly creatures are knocking at your door every night."
"I’m not talking about the Screamers," he mumbled.
"Then what? If I remember correctly, I was the one that saved your sorry butt back there."
"You’re scared you’re wrong. You’re scared you’re being told to go out and spread the word and there is no one to spread it to." He folded his arms over his chest.
"No," I whispered. "I’m supposed to go. I was told to go." My words were almost unintelligible as I finished, dropping my head. "You don’t understand."
"I understand God stopped talking to people after the Old Testament, and I find it hard to believe He decided to talk to you."
I scowled. "Why wouldn’t He talk to me? And there was a four-hundred-year gap before He talked to Moses."
"Then help me. Help me understand. Because I think there was more to it than just a message from God."
He knew me too well.
"I refuse to be forced to create some pathetic future within the walls of the barrier. How can we build a future trapped inside an athletic field? Living in fear. Being forced to do things we don’t want to."
Coi’s drew his eyebrows together. "What are you being forced to do? Picking weeds?"
"No. Not picking weeds. Our every move is watched, and if we don’t follow the Governor’s orders, we get punished." I held out my hands, the cuts and bruises had been forgotten for the last few hours, but the crusty blood reminded; they were still fresh.
"Rules are important. It keeps order."
I couldn’t believe he was sticking up for the Governor, but in his defense, he was on the Guard, and he wasn’t aware of what I’d been running from. "I thought you weren’t so fond of them anymore? You know, after beating you up and all."
Coi sighed. "I respect them. They’re following orders and orders keep us safe. I would have done the same if I’d been ordered to."
"What if it would have been me you’d been ordered to take?"
"If you would have told me you wanted to try to find a future outside the barrier, that you were so unhappy, I might have left with you." He ran a hand over his hair. "You didn’t tell me any of that."
"I told you God gave me a message. I’d think that would have had more leverage."
"It made you sound crazy."
"More than everyone already thinks I am." I laughed.
"People just worry about the sickness. We’re a paranoid community," Coi muttered.
"It was great hearing that I’m a crazy, but we still don’t have water or food or a place to sleep tonight."
"You aren’t crazy. You’re just a good actor."
***
It had only been a few hours, but my stomach was empty, my throat burned, and my body ached from the beating I took from Ben, not to mention the assault from the tree. But I wouldn’t let myself falter. Coi was in worse shape than me, and I had to keep a brave face.
"So, you’ve been thinking of this plan for a while?" Coi’s voice was weak as he walked beside me. "And I was wondering if you might share with me what the plan is now that we’re out here?"
I gave him a quick glance, then tried to think of a plan that would sound like I had actually thought this through, but I wasn’t having much luck coming up with anything.
"Yeah, that’s what I thought."
"That’s not fair."
He made a sound of annoyance deep in his throat.
"Look, I know we need food and water, and I did have a plan. But my plan had to be revised, and I’m still working on the new one."
"Hmm," he hummed.
I stepped ahead of him. Stopping directly in front of him, I put my hands on my hips. "Stop with the hundred and one different sounds to show your disapproval. Look, I had supplies. I packed up your stuff before the guard came and cleaned you out. I had a plan. I had a map! It was you getting put in the basement and beat up that wasn’t a part of my plan. It was you slowing us down that wasn’t a part of my plan. You screwed up my plan."
"I told you I didn’t want to come." Coi took a step back." I told you to leave me!"
I followed and poked him in the chest. "If it wasn’t for me, you’d be rotting in a cell waiting to be executed or already dead. I couldn’t leave you to die, so if I was you, I’d shut up about plans."
Turning on my heel, I stomped down the road. Of course, he wouldn’t have been there in the first place if I had just agreed to be the Governor’s wife, but I wasn’t going to tell him that. At least not yet.
"Ol. C’mon. I’m tired. I’m thirsty. I didn’t mean to… Well, yeah, I did mean to complain, but give me a break!" He stood in the middle of the road laughing.
Looking back, I worried that he might be losing his mind. Other than the coughing, I wasn’t exactly clear on the progression of the disease. The Guard took the individual into custody before the major symptoms over took them. What I thought I knew was learned from general gossip. Maybe dementia was a symptom. People said my mom had walked into the night to die because her mind had been taken by the sickness. As the incessant coughing began, I returned to Coi’s side to pat his back.
"It’s okay," I said over and over. I wasn’t sure if I was trying to convince myself or Coi.
Coi pulled in a deep breath as the coughing subsided. "You have a map?"
I laughed. "All that and you ask if I have a map? Yes, I had a map."
"Why didn’t you show it to me? Why didn’t the others take a map when they left? Why are you the only one who has it?" Coi’s questions rolled on and on. I didn’t realize possessing a map would be such a huge deal.
"I told you…"
"Yeah, yeah. You got a message from God," Coi interrupted.
"It wasn’t exactly a message."
"And this message told you where the secret map was?" Coi said sarcastically.
I rolled my eyes.
"Did you get clues, like a puzzle?" he joked. "Or a maze? Or a trail of breadcrumbs?"
"Maybe I didn’t show it to you," I talked over the top of Coi’s ranting, "because I knew you’d be a jerk about it. Which you are."
We both stopped talking at the same time when we heard twigs cracking from somewhere behind us.
"Get in the bushes." I pushed Coi, then followed him as he rolled into the shallow ditch.
"Ow," he grunted when I landed on him.
"Move." I shoved him.
Crawling on our stomachs, we made it into the thick undergrowth near the road. When we settled, the noise came again.
"Did you hear that?" Coi whispered into my ear.
I shot him a look of disbelief. Of course I heard it. Why were we hiding in the bushes? It was too early in the day to be the Screamers, and it was too quiet to be the Guard. They weren’t known for their stealth like movements.
"Oli?" a small voice called out; not quite a yell but loud enough for me to hear across the road.
"It’s Bliss," Coi whispered. "It’s Bliss!" Coi tried to crawl out of the grass. I grabbed his shoulder and held him back.
"We don’t know if she’s alone. Wait!" I hissed. This could be a trap.
I shrunk back into the tall grass again, watching the tree line for further movement. Bliss continued to walk along the edge of the forest, every couple of steps she’d call out my name. I could see our packs being dragged behind her.
"She brought our packs. She has water. I’m going." Coi pushed off the ground, unsteady on his hands and knees. I placed a hand on his shoulder and shook my head, telling him not to yell in case she was being followed. It only took a moment for her to see him. Coi raised his finger to his lips. A smile broke out on her face, then she turned and waved toward the line of trees behind her. Slowly, Erica emerged from the shadows. We sat unmoving, her watching Coi, me watching Erica. Slowly, Coi moved forward.
"Erica?" he said under his breath.
Apparently, seeing Coi was more than Erica could stand.
"Coi!" Without waiting, Erica ran toward us, leaving Bliss behind. It looked as if she was going to catapult herself into Coi’s arms. I moved out of the ditch and in front of Coi to intercept and took the full force of her body into mine, getting taken down by her momentum.
"Erica?" Coi looked down at us.
She struggled to her feet as Coi held her off. "I have some bumps and bruises, so I think I’ll take a rain-check on the hugs."
Erica looked angry, but then a huge smile crossed her face, and she stepped to Coi, put her hands on his cheeks and pressed her lips to his. "I’ll hold you to that," she whispered to Coi.
I got up and passed the love birds to hug Bliss tight. "You’re a sight for sore eyes."
Bliss froze in surprise at my uncharacteristic show of affection then began rattling off her story. "After you guys left, things went crazy. They locked us down tight. The Governor was ranting, pulling in everyone who he thought was close to you and questioning us. He wanted to know if we knew where you were going and if you had talked about leaving before. The Guard was furious. Ben was hurt bad, and everyone is saying you outsmarted them. They were looking for someone to take it out on. I was trying to avoid them when I saw your packs sitting by the fence. I grabbed everything and took off. I wasn’t sure where you went, but gossip said you went up the hillside behind the school." She shrugged.
Erica slowly moved in behind Bliss, staring at me with a look of disgust.
I swallowed a lump that formed in my throat. She knew more about why I’d left than Bliss, and she wasn’t happy Coi was with me.
We all stood looking at each other until Coi decided to break the stand-off. "How’d you avoid the Screamers?"
"Climbed a tree," Bliss said proudly.
I glanced at Coi. "Great minds think alike."
"Yeah, yeah, whatever." He shoved me lightly from behind.
Erica narrowed her eyes and looked as if she had a question waiting to come out. I had a pretty good idea what the question was and lunged forward to retrieve my pack and avoid her scrutiny. I unzipped the bag and began gulping water down. I knew I should conserve what I had. I knew it wasn’t good to gulp water when I was so dehydrated, but as soon as the warm liquid hit my lips, all sense left me.
"Whoa there, girl." Coi came from behind and grabbed the container. "We need to conserve what we have."
I sputtered as the bottle was pulled from my lips. "Sorry." I wiped my mouth with the back of my hand. "I didn’t realize I was so thirsty."
Coi raised his eyebrows over the edge of the bottle as he took in his own gulps.
"I’m not sure how much longer we could have gone without water. You’re a life saver, Bliss." I glanced at Erica. "You, too." I nodded her way, hopefully breaking some of the tension.
Bliss looked at Erica then me and shrugged when Erica appeared not to hear me.
She stood gazing at Coi as his Adams apple moved up and down with each gulp. My eyebrows drew down as I watched her. I cleared my throat and stepped between them to grab the container.
"Easy there. We need to conserve our resources." I tried to laugh, but it sounded more like a cackle. Coi caught the strange noise I’d made and frowned, giving me his ‘what’s wrong with you’ look. I thought about screaming in his face that he needed to tell Erica to go home. Escaping with my arch enemy hadn’t been part of my plan.
"It’s getting late. We better get moving. Thanks for bringing the stuff, but I think it would be better if you headed back to the barrier," I spoke quickly as I busied myself by hiding my face in my pack. If he wasn’t going to say it, I would.
Now Coi was giving me a look as if I had sprouted a second head.
"What? No. We can’t go back. They won’t let us back when they figure out we helped you." Bliss looked around frantically. "I don’t want to go back there. I hate it there, and now I’m all alone. You’re the only family I have." Bliss finished with a stomp of her foot.
I stood stiffly, my hands hanging to my sides. I didn’t have a good reason for asking Erica and not Bliss to leave, at least not one that didn’t make me look like a horrible selfish person. Which, apparently, I was.
I watched Coi working his jaw. I knew he was trying to figure out what I was doing and planning a response which wouldn’t make either of us angry. I decided to save him.
"You’re right. I wasn’t thinking. Thank you so much for bringing our stuff." I grabbed my pack and slung it over my shoulder. Bliss grabbed hers as well and followed quickly behind me. Coi remained with Erica. Finally, with a moan, he slung his pack over a shoulder, and they followed behind.
Erica was here to stay.
"So, maybe we should get the map out," Coi called after us.
"I don’t need it. We’re going to follow this road for a while until we hit a town," I called over my shoulder. I kept up my pace, hoping Coi wouldn’t catch up. I needed time to calm down from the realization that no matter how hard he insisted it wasn’t a choice between Erica and me, he’d chosen Erica. I pulled in a deep breath and reminded myself my journey was not the same as theirs. My heart belonged to God, and I needed to push the sense of loss away and remember I had been given a purpose—one that was very important. But I needed time to mourn a friendship grown from tragedy.
"So why the big rant about your plan and having a map if you already knew where we were going?" Coi yelled.
I turned around, continuing to walk backward down the road. "Excuse me, but you were the one freaking out about the map. It’s a road. Follow it and we’ll hit our destination. It isn’t like I need to look at a map to see where each footstep falls."
"It would have been nice if you would have eluded to our destination at some time during the conversation. It would have made it a lot shorter," Coi yelled my way.
"Feel free to take over and lead the way anytime." I turned my back on him again.
"How much farther do we need to go?" Erica finally spoke.
"Will we get there before dark?" Bliss added.
I stopped and looked at the group following me, then resigned myself to the fact they were here to stay. I had stalled leaving, unsure of my own ability to survive. Adding Coi to the mix gave me an added sense of confidence. However, the responsibility on my shoulders with this new addition was weighing me down. I prayed God gave me the strength to be what they needed. "No, we aren’t almost there, and I don’t think we’ll be able to reach it before dark. Obviously, we haven’t been moving too fast since the two of you caught up to us. The town isn’t where we’re going. It’s just a stop along the way."
"I’m fast." Bliss laughed.
"Superhuman." Coi laughed back.
"A regular superwoman," I tried to chime in, but my heart wasn’t in it.
"But we’re sleeping in the trees again, aren’t we?" Coi’s voice lost its playfulness.
"Yes," both Bliss and I said at the same time.


Chapter 17

"I can’t believe we’re sleeping in a tree again," Erica said from branches below. I chose to ignore her.
"Do you think we’ll hit the town tomorrow?" Coi’s voice came from a branch above me.
"I’m not sure," I whispered.
Bliss had crawled to a group of branches horizontal to mine so we were able to stabilize Coi in case his injuries left him off balance. Her breathing was getting slower as sleep began to overtake her.
"If I had to choose a partner in this adventure, I think I may have chosen one that not only had a map but could use the map," Coi said dryly.
"I think it was me that chose you, and if I would have had a choice, I may have chosen someone that wasn’t beat up and a whiner about sleeping in trees." I shifted on my branch, trying to get the feeling back on one side of my rear end. "Or brought along excess baggage," I muttered to myself.
"I guess neither one of us are very good at choosing adventure partners." He shifted, sending pine needles down on my head.
"I don’t like being responsible for them," I said quietly. His sharp words stung; however, I understood Coi’s change of attitude. He’d always taken responsibility for weaker members of the barrier. I was sure he felt the same responsibility I did at keeping the girls safe, and in his current condition, he wasn’t going to be overly helpful if we ran into trouble.
"You aren’t. We’ll be fine," Coi breathed out.
"It’s close. The town. On the map, it doesn’t look far, but I haven’t looked at it to see exactly how far," I mumbled as sleep tried to take over. "The map shows the areas of concentration for the Screamers. It shows how they migrated and the areas with the highest numbers. That’s why we don’t see any here. This is a low area. The entire road should be a low area. But I don’t know how old the map is or how accurate the people who made it were. Things moved pretty fast at the end." I yawned.
"So why are we in the trees? It says this is a low area, and we haven’t seen anything." Coi yawned, too.
"Because I don’t want to take any chances."
"I don’t want to sleep in a tree again…" Coi’s voice trailed off.
***
The early morning sun peeked through the thick forest. A branch had positioned itself deep into my ribs, interrupting my already poor night of sleep. Reluctantly, I opened my eyes.
"Crud," I muttered as I removed the new appendage from my side, noticing a sharp pain I attributed to our escape from the school. I touched my side gingerly. I didn’t think the chair Ben had hit me with had done any permanent damage, but my muscles complained at not getting a chance to heal.
We’d remained in the tree overnight, although Coi was hanging a little to the side, being supported only by the belts and rope we had tied around his waist. I raised my hand and poked him. He didn’t move. I poked again and got a grumble as a response. "Coi? It’s time to move."
"Umph."
I twisted around to see if Bliss was still with us. She was sitting very still against the trunk of the tree.
"Morning," I said.
A smile filled her face as she responded a joyful, "Good morning."
"The last two nights have been the most uncomfortable nights of my life." Erica attempted a decent from her perch, slipped, and landed in a heap in the soft pine needles surrounding the tree. I stifled a laugh.
"Good morning, ladies," Coi croaked, finally waking up. "What’s on the agenda today?"
"Getting down," I said as I loosened my belt and slid down the tree, landing gracefully on the ground. I reached over my head, stretching out the stiffness. Bliss jumped from her perch. Standing beside me, we waited below the branches, grabbing Coi’s feet to guide him out of the tree.
"How’re you feeling today?" I asked when his feet finally hit the ground.
"It’ll take a while to heal the ribs," he said with a grimace. "Everything else feels better." Erica reached out, and wrapping her hands around his neck, she pulled him forward to plant a kiss on his mouth. We were in the middle of nowhere and obviously, she needed his strength more than I.
"I’m starving. Did you pack anything to eat?" Coi unattached Erica and stretched, rubbing his stomach.
I dug through my pack and found some salt bread. "Here." I threw it at him.
"Thanks." He smiled.
With a grunt, I zipped everything up, swung my pack over my shoulder, and walked away.
After the initial excitement of our escape, things had calmed down immensely. It was strange to spend most of your life surrounded by the rasping monsters and suddenly have two nights of silence. It made the fact that we may be the only ones left outside the barrier more real.
We walked in silence for almost a mile before Bliss spoke. "I don’t get it. If the map shows that this is clear of the Screamers, why doesn’t anyone live here? Why didn’t anyone come back for us?"
"Why do we live behind fences?" Erica added. "We should go back and tell everyone to pack up and move out here."
"If we all moved to an area where there aren’t any Screamers, wouldn’t they eventually move to the area?" Coi responded.
"Just because a map says it’s clear doesn’t mean we should set up a town. We need a place to make a life. That isn’t here alongside the road." I moved ahead of them, hoping for some distance, but Bliss trotted after me.
"Just seems like we should let the barrier know it’s safe here and let them decide." Bliss kept her eyes forward, avoiding looking my way.
"We aren’t going back." I couldn’t believe after everything I did to get us out they would suggest we go back. Besides, didn’t I already suggest they return and that went over like a lead balloon?
"I was just saying…"
"I know why she won’t go back," Erica cut in. "But that doesn’t mean the rest of us can’t."
I met Erica’s high and mighty look with one of my own. "I think I suggested you go back right after you got here."
"You suggested Bliss and I go back, not you and Coi." She crossed her arms.
"Coi and I can’t go back. It isn’t safe there anymore," I reiterated.
"Why can’t Oli come back with us?" Bliss asked.
I crossed my arms, waiting for her to enlighten us on her theory.
"She didn’t tell you about Coi and the Governor’s request?" She opened her eyes wide in a mock look of innocence.
My eyes flashed to Bliss then back to Erica, warning her to shut her mouth.
You would have had to be clueless not to see the tension between us, and Bliss wasn’t stupid, Coi maybe, but not Bliss.
"Oli?" Bliss said carefully. "What’s she talking about?"
I turned on her. "I told you to go back, Bliss. I can’t guarantee what’s out there or if we’ll make it anywhere. But going back isn’t an option for me." I turned to walk away.
"You’re being selfish, Oli. Things could get better if you were a part of the leadership." Erica’s voice held a bit of a challenge. "All the stuff you complain about… it could change."
I stopped again. She wasn’t going to let this die. "That wasn’t exactly the offer." Coi was a few feet behind us, and I didn’t want him hearing this conversation. I had yet to find the right time to tell him about the mess I’d dragged him into and now certainly wasn’t it.
"I just think you should have thought about it instead of running off like you did. It could have made things better for all of us instead of the mess it turned into. Coi’s safety…"
I stepped into her face and snarled. "You don’t know anything about why I left so…"
"Whoa, whoa, whoa." Coi caught up to us, waving his hands between us. "Let’s not get riled up, girls."
I turned away. I didn’t want to have this discussion in front of him.
"You know they’re sending a group after you. It would be easier and safer for everyone if you went back. Turned yourself in." Coi had her by the shoulders, but she leaned around him, calling after me.
"Go back if you’re worried about being safe. Go back and tell them you found us dead, because if I go back, and especially if Coi’s goes back, that’s how we’re going to end up. I’m not going to be given a second chance and neither is he." I pointed at Coi. "Are you willing to sacrifice him, because you sure don’t care about me?"
"Don’t make this about Coi. If you did what you should have, he never would have been taken in the first place. You’re not thinking about anyone but yourself," Erica said. "What about all the kids you left behind? Don’t they deserve a future? Don’t you think they deserve to know what’s out here?"
"Stop! What do you think I’ve been doing? Haven’t you listened to anything I’ve been saying?" I shook my head in disgust. "If you want to tell them something, then you go." I turned around and started walking again. "The barrier won’t listen. They want to sit there and wait."
"Wait for what?" Coi finally joined the conversation.
"Her. They’re waiting for her to lead, and when she finally got the opportunity, she left." Erica pushed Coi off her.
"That’s ridiculous." I threw my hands in the air and continued to walk farther down the road. "I wasn’t given anything."
I barely heard Bliss as she followed me. "They sit and wait for someone like you to show them there’s more."
"I have to find out there is more before I can do that," I yelled over my shoulder.
"I meant in the barrier. To show them there is a future."
"All they have to do is have faith, and it will show itself. How much more can I do than give them the scripture? I can’t give them faith. I can’t give them salvation. They have to look to God, not to me."
"They don’t want your words. They want to see change," Erica snapped. "And you could have changed things."
"They want to see change?" I laughed. "How can things change when all they do is sit and wait for it to happen? They need to make the change. And maybe I’m selfish, but I’m not sacrificing myself for maybes inside a fence." I felt horrible leaving the little ones behind. I wanted us to all march out the gates and into a world where we were free to make our own choices, but that wasn’t the purpose I was given. Sometimes, it was necessary to leave those you care about behind to make the future better. I’d tried to lead them to salvation and prayed they listened, but until we met in heaven, I wouldn’t know if I’d succeeded.
Coi clapped his hands together, stopping our conversation. "So, the plan of the day is to follow this road until we get somewhere?"
I drew in a deep breath, trying to calm myself. The look Coi gave me let me know this cryptic conversation wasn’t over but standing in the middle of the road yelling at each other was. "The map shows a river that runs along the road. Maybe we can stop and wash up," I offered.
"Wash up! Are you implying I stink?" Coi lifted his arm and sniffed, another attempt at lightening the mood. "Not me… but maybe you." He leaned into me, scrunching up his nose. "Yeah, you." He waved his hand in front of his face. I punched him in the arm and walked off, taking the reprieve he offered.
"Hey, I’m hurt!" he yelled.
"Shhh!" I shushed him. "We don’t know if the Screamers are the only enemies out here. I’d appreciate not alerting the entire area of our presence." I was getting the feeling Erica didn’t leave the barrier without a trail of clues behind her.
"I suppose you didn’t stuff any weapons in the bag?" Coi’s jovial mood dissolved.
"Who else would be out here?" Bliss whispered.
"I don’t know. Other survivors. Other monsters." I shrugged.
"The Guard," Erica chimed in.
Even though I suspected her working with The Guard, her words still made my heart drop. Would she really risk Coi just to betray me?
"They’re too scared to come this far." Coi blew off her words.
"I thought you said this was a clear zone?" Erica complained.
"We’re fine, no need to be worried about monsters and such." Coi gave me a look that I assumed meant to shut up, but I didn’t.
"I said it was clear on the map. A flat piece of paper. Who knows what’s out there."
"Oli," Coi warned again.
"It’s better we’re prepared for anything." I wasn’t sure how well I was enjoying this trio. Seemed like Coi spent more time scolding me than talking to me. Now that Bliss and Erica were with us, I felt like it was three against one. Maybe I should have followed God’s plan from the get go. He’d told me to go alone. It was my hesitation that ended up with me collecting companions, and now I was regretting their presence. I quickened my pace some, getting a few steps ahead, trying to think this plan through. What was my plan?
One step at a time.
Maybe, just maybe, we would find others in the next town and maybe… just maybe… things would be better there. I was holding onto the hope God was going to lead me to other survivors and spread the word of hope, but other than the message to leave, God hadn’t provided me with much more.


Chapter 18

The sound of the river came long before we saw it. The heat of the day was blocked out as the trees grew dense with healthy leaves, and the coolness from the water filled the air.
Coi stepped off the side of the road and began to work his way through the underbrush without a care in the world. Bliss, then Erica, immediately followed, apparently sure of Coi’s leadership. I stood with my hands on my hips for a minute, then shrugged and followed. If anyone or anything was in there, at least I could come up from behind and save them, or one of them… maybe two. After a few feet, the low growing brush thinned out. Coi, Bliss, and Erica stood on the edge of a small waterfall that filled a crystal blue pool and emptied into a roaring river.
"Wow. It’s so clear." I’d never seen such blue water.
Coi turned. I met his gaze, and he smiled. What could I do but smile back?
"It’s beautiful, isn’t it, Oli?" Bliss beamed.
If I would have known leading them to a waterfall would have made me their hero, I would have tried to find one sooner.
"Let’s get in." Coi’s eyes glowed with mischief.
Without waiting for a response, Coi dropped his pack and began to unlace his boots.
"I’m not sure that’s a good idea. We should look around first. Make sure it’s safe." I walked around the shoreline, looking for traces of footprints or crushed foliage.
"You’re the one who said I smelled," Coi teased.
"It looks deep." Bliss sat on the bank and began unlacing her boots, tossing them to the side before dipping her bare feet in the water.
"I think it sounds wonderful." Erica peeled her bag off and began shedding her coat and pants to get to the thin layers below.
"Yeah, you would," I muttered. My pack slid off my shoulder, hitting the ground with a thump.
"Last one in…" Coi yelled over his shoulder before he jumped in.
Bliss leaned away as the water from his splash came her way.
"Are you going in?" I asked.
"Nope, I’m fine right here." She giggled.
I sat down beside her and unlaced my boots. "I won’t let you drown, if you want to go in. I’ll hold your hand," I encouraged.
"I’m fine." Bliss waved her hand toward the water. "It’s too crowded already."
I glanced up and found Erica hanging off Coi’s back, arms wrapped snuggly around his neck. Watching them left me conflicted. I wasn’t sure if I was jealous of her taking my best friend away, or worried I’d never meet someone of my own.
"I didn’t ask her to come." Bliss picked at the grass on the bank. "She followed me."
"It’s okay."
She shrugged, and I bumped her shoulder. "You may never have a chance to be in a clear pool of water again. It’s special."
Bliss kicked at the water with her feet. "Maybe he’ll see her for the person she really is now that we’re out here."
"Mean?" I chuckled as I worked on the ties of my boots. "I doubt it."
"Since there’s only four of us and she pretty much is only mean to you, I think he’ll figure it out soon."
"Be nice. It isn’t like she has anywhere else to go." I was trying to be positive, but it was nice to know I wasn’t the only one who saw her darker side.
"You and Coi should be together. You’re much nicer."
A laugh exploded from me. "No. I don’t think so. We’re best friends. I love him but not like she does."
"Erica doesn’t understand your friendship. It scares her. I don’t think she ever had a good friend before." Bliss blinked her large eyes at me. I knew she deserved an explanation for the animosity Erica held for me. It was more than her jealousy over mine and Coi’s friendship. It pained me. I wanted Bliss on my side, but Erica was right, I could have stayed and possibly helped the kids in the barrier seek a better life.
"I couldn’t stay, Bliss." I lowered my head. "I was so afraid they were going to kill him and it would be my fault." I looked up. "He isn’t sick. The Governor was going to kill him to get to me."
"I’m sorry." Slowly, she shook her head. "I shouldn’t have believed the story the Guard was spreading. I know better."
"What did they say?"
"That you turned your back on us and our future. Convinced the strongest of us to go with you and left before anyone else could come along. The Guard doubled their watch for a while. Said they worried you would come back and sabotage us by opening the gates. They found the holes you dug behind the bleachers and said you were trying to get us all killed. That you’d come back and kidnap the strong and allow the little ones to be murdered because you wanted to start a new and stronger barrier."
I picked at the damp earth. "I’d never put any of you at risk, but he told me I had to marry him, and when I said no, he took Coi. I couldn’t let him hurt my family."
"Oh my gosh, Oli, why did you say no? Being married to the Governor would have been wonderful." She beamed.
"No, Bliss. It wouldn’t be."
Bliss scowled. To the people of the barrier, it seemed the Governor was their guiding light.
"He isn’t what he seems." I didn’t know how to tell her he didn’t ask me because he loved me but because he wanted me to help him manipulate the barrier. That he was the evil in the world we lived in.
"I don’t understand. He was offering you a place to live without the entire barrier sleeping beside you."
I looked at where Coi and Erica were enjoying the fresh water. I didn’t know how to explain the importance of love and a shared faith over having your own place to sleep. "I don’t love him," I said simply. Maybe she would understand that.
"I get it." Bliss touched my sleeve.
I placed my hand on hers and squeezed. "I’m going to cool off."
I took off my coat, then lowered myself into the pool fully clothed. The water was cold and shivers coursed through me.
"Isn’t it amazing!" Coi yelled, sliding off a rock jutting from the surface.
I let the water flow over me. It was amazing. The closest I’d ever come to swimming was a tub filled with water when bathing. I fell backward, letting the water catch me as the coolness covered my face. I spread my arms out, feeling the gentle rocking of the waves.
The sound of the water muffled a splat as Coi took his shirt off and tossed it to the bank. "Did you bring soap?" Coi’s voice sounded far away as he spoke above me.
I found my feet in the squishy mud. "There’s some in my bag. I’ll get it."
"No, I got it." Coi flung his arms around in a lame attempt at swimming, but he made it there successfully, soaking Bliss along the way. He pulled himself up next to Bliss and dug around in my bag until he finally came up with a bar of soap, or at least the concoction we used to wash. Before he moved back into the pool, he stood up, jumped and wiggled around, encouraging his baggy pants to slip around his ankles.
"Ohhh," Bliss squealed, covering her eyes.
"Hey, I can’t get clean with all my clothes on." He twirled around, showing off his long shorts and laughed a hearty laugh. Underwear was something of the past, replaced by a layering technique that was unique to each individual as they accumulated shorts and tank tops over time. Coi slid back into the water and floated out to where I was standing.
"Don’t get too close to me." I wagged my finger his way. "You don’t have any pants on."
"I have shorts on." He raised his nose with a superior air.
"Yeah, he can’t get clean with his clothes on," Erica said from a rock nearby.
I glanced at Coi, and a huge smile filled his face.
I huffed. As much as I hated admitting it, they were right, to a point. I couldn’t get all the pitch from the tree and the dirt from our escape off without removing at least a few layers of clothing. I hopped over to where Bliss remained, trying to keep her dryer than Coi had, and started to peel layer after layer of shirts, until I got to my tank top. Then I did the same wiggling dance Coi had, until I was only wearing a loose fitted pair of shorts. "You sure you don’t want to come in?" I asked Bliss again.
Bliss just shook her head. "I’m good."
Coi stood in the middle of the pool scrubbing his face, then he dunked his head under the water. His coughing had continued on and off all day but now seemed to subside as he played in the water. I let the water push me near where he was washing. I moved my arms back and forth through the smooth water to keep my balance.
Coi came up sputtering, his hair shone so black that it was almost blue. The water dripped down his face, and he smiled. That’s when Erica and I both saw the bruises that had been concealed by the layers of dried blood, dirt, and sap.
"Oh my gosh," she screamed and jumped off her rock to come to Coi’s aid.
"Oh, Coi," I said under my breath.
He looked from me to Erica, then back to me. His smile dissolved when he realized what we were looking at. I couldn’t help myself. I reached out to touch his ribs. The night I found him on the floor of the cage flashed through my mind. Somehow, seeing the bruises in person was much worse than knowing they lay under his clothes, and knowing I caused the beating ripped at my heart.
I could hear Erica splashing toward us, but my heart hurt for the pain Coi must be in. I ran my hand along his side. "I didn’t realize." My throat was thick with emotion.
Coi took my hand. "I’m okay, Ol. Really."
Tears trickled down my cheeks. I hoped the mist from the waterfall camouflaged them. Coi used his thumb to wipe my cheek. So much for hiding my emotions.
"I’m okay," he said.
I encircled his neck with my arms and cried. "I’m so sorry. This was all my fault."
"No, Oli. It wasn’t your fault."
Coi’s words did little to take away my guilt.
Erica had made it to the middle of the pool and stood staring at us, mouth open, before she yelled, "Look what you did?"
"I didn’t know he was bruised." Then I gave myself a mental head slap for such a random response.
Coi’s spine straightened, and he turned on her. "She’s my best friend. She didn’t do this." He glanced my way. "In fact, she saved me."
She put her hands on her hips, but the affect was lost due to the depth of the water. "Well, your best friend is lying to you."
Coi ran a hand through his wet hair and sighed. "Please. Stop. I don’t want to have to choose between the two of you. Don’t put me in the middle."
"I thought…" Erica’s voice trailed off.
"What?" Coi had a pained expression.
"You told me we would be married."
"Being married doesn’t mean I can’t have friends." Coi started toward her. "But plans change, Erica. I didn’t think we would be outside the barrier."
"What are you saying?" Erica’s voice wavered.
"I thought we would. That had been the plan. And I still want to but…" Coi moved toward her, but she held up her hands, telling him to stay away. "I’m sick. I didn’t think I was, but I am."
She looked at me, then Coi, pressing her lips together before speaking. "You’re not sick." Her body vibrated with anger, small ripples of water moved away from her. "Maybe you should ask her the real reason you were taken, because it wasn’t because you’re sick."
I held up my hands, wishing I could wave away this conversation. They ignored me and continued as if I’d disappeared. Maybe it worked.
"What are you talking about?" Coi seemed to snap out of the confused state this conversation put him in.
"She had a chance to save us all, but she’s too selfish. Do you really care about him, Oli? Do you? Or could you just not stand anyone else being happy when you walk around complaining all the time?" Erica yelled, pointing at the dark bruises on his side. "Those are because of you. They were going to kill him because you made the Governor believe he was the reason you wouldn’t marry him when all it was you being selfish." She made a strangled noise then began flapping her arms around, trying to make a dramatic exit through the deep water.
"Marry the who?" Coi’s eyebrows drew together. "What is she talking about?"
I wanted to tell her to stop. To say she didn’t understand. But she didn’t care and it wouldn’t matter. My silence hung heavy in the air.
Erica stopped her struggling through the water and turned back to us. Her eyes narrowed, and I felt my blood turn cold.
"She’s not who you think she is. She’s not the holy, pure angel you think she is. She lied to you. She was seen coming out of the Governor’s house after you were taken. Why would she be in there during the night? That’s why the Guard will be coming. The Governor isn’t going to let her walk off with his baby." Erica’s expression was smug.
"What?" both Coi and I said at the same time. I’d not seen that coming.
"She’s lying." I laughed at the absurdity of it all.
Coi rubbed his hands over his face. "What have you got us into?"
"I…" I shook my head. "You can’t believe her." But it was pretty clear he did. "It’s not true," I insisted. "She’s crazy."
"About what, Ol? Lying? Giving me a line about your God telling you to leave? That you’d been called to some place out here." He flung a hand out, spraying me with water. "Were you with the Governor? Is that why my life was almost taken?"
"I wasn’t with the Governor," I started.
"You were seen leaving his home?"
"Yes. But Ben leaves his home every day and I don’t think he’s pregnant."
"At least he was willing to marry you. Do the honorable thing," Coi muttered to himself.
I sputtered, stepping back. "Seriously? You’re going to believe her? One word from her and everything I told you is a lie?" My chest ached with his quick turn to Erica’s side.
A muffled scream drew our attention to the shore.
"Bliss!" I yelled when I saw the Screamer come up behind her.
Coi pushed past me and together we frantically splashed through the water, trying to get to Bliss before the Screamers overtook her.
The water worked against us, pulling me backward each time I thought I’d made progress forward. Coi went down next to me, coming up sputtering, his arms flailing around, trying to pull himself through the current. I got to the edge a step before him and attempted to grab Bliss’s foot, but she was struggling so hard against the Screamer, who was pressing her into the earth and clawing at her clothes, that she kicked me in the temple. I saw stars and had to fight to regain my senses. The situation was a blur as I fought to protect her.
She kicked my hand away twice before I got a good grip. Finally, I got a hold and wrapped both my hands around her ankle, using my weight to try and pull her into the water with me. I planted my feet firmly against the muddy bank in a tug-o-war against the Screamer’s dead body weight squirming above me.
"Please give me strength," I prayed. Adrenaline pumped through me, giving me a strength I didn’t have. I pulled her toward me, trying to keep the Screamers jaws from making contact. It leaned forward, drawing its broken fingers over my sleeves, either fighting me for her small body or wanting mine as well. I’d witnessed the frenzy fights over those placed outside the barrier but never experienced the strength, the heaviness, their rotted bodies possessed. Bliss met my gaze from under the weight of its body as it attempted to crawl over her and get me. Her eyes filled with terror, pleading with me to save her. I set my mouth and tried to relay a determination I wasn’t really feeling. I tightened my grip, feeling the burn as I pulled with all the strength I had left, no matter how hard the Screamer worked to steal my friend.
Erica was standing nearby screaming, then got eerily quiet, her eyes bulging out of her head as the Screamer’s jaws snapped closer and closer to Bliss.
Time had been frozen, but movement out of the corner of my eye put everything in fast forward. "Get my knife!" I yelled at Erica.
Coi pulled himself up the bank and threw my clothes to the side, looking for my knife. "Don’t let her go! Don’t let go!"
"It’s in my boot." I turned my head away from the stink that had moved way too close to my face.
Bliss was screaming and fighting for her life, lashing out with her arms, pushing against the rotted flesh in an attempt to knock her assailant to the side. "Don’t let go, Oli! Don’t let them take me!" She pushed at the slimy flesh, trying to keep the snapping jaws from making contact. My hands were slipping. I needed to get her out from under it and my face away from the broken, jagged teeth chomping toward me. I pulled again, my feet sliding in the muck of the bank and cried out, trying to pull her into the river with me.
The Screamer continued to fight with a strength that surprised me. I’d never been in an up close and personal fight with an adult, and the idea they were weak, rotting, shells of the human race was quickly being replaced by the idea they were creatures with a skill at ripping people to shreds.
"Hurry! I can’t hold on!" My arms were losing their strength and I hadn’t succeeded in getting her any closer to safety. I needed Coi to do something. "I can’t hold on!" I yelled. "Erica, help me!"
Erica’s eyes had glassed over, and it was clear she was in shock and not a viable resource for any help.
"Don’t let it get me!" Bliss screamed again, batting away the Screamer’s dirty nails as they reached toward my arms. "Don’t let go!"
"Coi!" I yelled.
In a flash, Coi was behind the creature, knife in hand. He grabbed its head, twisted it to the side, and ran my knife deep into its temple. The monster fell, but its jaws continued to move in an agonizingly slow chewing motion. Coi positioned himself over Bliss and the figure now laying heavily over her. He held tight around the head of the Screamer and with all his strength, sawed through the rotting throat. The body finally lay still, the head still cradled in the crook of Coi’s elbow.
Bliss sobbed and pushed the Screamer off her, scurrying away from its still form. Coi fell back, his chest heaving, trying to catch his breath. I rested my forehead against the damp earth, breathing in the swampy smell of the mud covering my body.
Coi, realizing he still held the decapitated head, flung it to the side with a yelp. Bliss righted herself and threw her arms tightly around my neck, choking me from her angle above on the shore.
"It’s okay. It’s okay," I said over and over, rubbing her back while she sobbed into my neck. Coi kneeled next to us, splashing water onto his arms and chest to remove the remains of the Screamer.
Erica crawled over to him, fell onto his back, and buried her face in his neck. I couldn’t hear her mumbles but imagined they contained some type of endearment. Coi stopped his frantic scrubbing and glanced my way. I heard his breath catch, his expression going dark.
"Oli," Coi whispered.
I glanced up. Bliss was calming down and pulled back, wiping her face with her sleeve.
Coi unattached Erica with a bit of effort and settled her next to Bliss. "Erica, I need you to take care of Bliss."
"What? Why?" Confusion filled her words.
Coi glanced back at her. "Because she was just attacked by a Screamer, and I need to see to Oli." His voice was low and strangely calm.
"But—"
Coi cut her off. "Just do it."
Erica’s arms flung around Bliss, pulling her tight into her arms. Bliss’s head bounced when it hit her chest.
Coi moved the edge of bank. "Come here."
I pushed away. My shirt had come up in the struggle and was bunched under my chest and off my shoulder. I pulled at the wet fabric, trying to right it, but it seemed to just get more tangled. Coi moved toward me, his hands raised like he was approaching a rabid dog.
Erica leaned forward, her eyes following where Coi was looking. With a gasp, she hyperventilated. "It got her. The Screamer bit her. It got her!" Her screams echoed through the dense trees, ringing in my ears.
"Bliss," I called out. "No!" It couldn’t be Bliss. She shouldn’t be here. If anything happened to her…
"Take her back. Take Bliss away from the water," Coi ordered Erica. "Take the knife. Keep it with you in case there are more."
Erica’s eyes were huge and pinned on me. I felt the blame pouring out of her. If Bliss was bit, she would die. I brought my hands to my face and felt my heart drop. "No," I prayed. "Don’t let her be hurt."
Coi jumped into the water and grabbed me by the shoulders, turning me and pushing me deeper into the water.
I looked over my shoulder. I didn’t want to lose sight of Bliss. I needed to know she was okay. "Is she okay? Please tell me she’s okay."
"She’s fine, Oli. She’s fine. Come with me," Coi repeated in a monotone voice.
When we were a few feet from the shore, Coi turned me around, his hold on my shoulders tightening.
"Was she bit?" The words erupted from me with a sob.
"Calm down, Oli. Bliss is fine. Her coat protected her." I watched his throat move as he swallowed. "It’s you. The Screamer… it got you." Coi’s eyes drilled into me, and his mouth continued to move, but all I could hear was, it’s you.
I looked down, holding my arms out in front of me. They were covered in mud and gunk. I dropped them into the water and watched the clear blue turn a light grey, then pink, as the blood from my arms dissipated into the water. I didn’t feel anything.
Not the cold water.
Not the breeze rustling the leaves in the trees.
I was numb.
The screams coming from the bank were muffled by the roaring in my ears. "I wasn’t bit," I whispered. "I didn’t feel it. I just wanted to get Bliss. I didn’t realize…"
"It’s okay." Coi took me by the wrists. "They’re scratches. We can clean them out."
I held my arms out and blood oozed from long scratches on my arms. My adrenaline had dissipated, and the cuts stung from the water. "No," I whispered.
"You’ll be fine. They’re just scratches."
I wanted to believe him. He wanted to believe.
"I wasn’t bit," I insisted and pulled my arms. "It has to be a bite, right?" My chest was tight. I looked down, expecting a belt to be cinching tighter and tighter across it, keeping the air from entering. My vision narrowed and passing out in the water was becoming a great possibility.
I swayed to the side, and Coi’s grip tightened. His head moved back and forth, letting me know he was saying I would be okay but didn’t really believe it. I couldn’t hear his empty words of reassurance, the roaring in my head was too loud. Coi shook me, my head flopping at the force.
"Oli, stop." His voice sounded so far away. Let me look at you. You’re hurt." His expression was calm, but there was a tightness in his jaw. I blinked and finally pulled in a deep breath, my mind beginning to clear.
"What’s going to happen? Am I going to get sick?" Somehow, the words had come out calm, and I took a few steps backward into the deeper water, wanting to put distance between Coi and I, but instead I simply pulled him with me. "I’m okay, right? It has to be a bite. I’m not bit. I’m okay." Thoughts of Coi grabbing me and cutting my throat before I turned to keep me from eating my friends ran though my head. I knew the illness took hold quickly, and I needed to get away from my friends in case I turned. "Let me go."
"Oli, we’ll be fine. Let me look at the wounds."
I hated that Coi was talking to me like a child. I hated that I was more than likely acting like one. "I don’t want to hurt you." I couldn’t help the tears that started to fall.
"Maybe you were scratched by a branch or a rock." His voice remained calm as he pulled me to him and slowly washed my arms. "There a lot of snags on the bank."
I nodded as I hiccupped a cry.
"She’s infected! Get away from her! Coi! Get the knife!" Erica screamed from the bank.
"Shut up," he yelled back at Erica, whose last crazy scream fizzled into a whimper.
Coi pulled me into his arms.
"I’m not sick." I pushed at his arms, repeating the words over and over as if it would keep me from the sickness.
Coi pinned my arms to my side. "Stop, Oli. You’re fine. Just some scratches. You weren’t bit. You’re going to be fine."
I stopped fighting him and slumped into his chest. His confidence should have made me feel better, but it didn’t change the fact I’d been scratched by the rotting nails of a Screamer. Who knew if I really was going to be fine.
"You’re going to be fine," Coi said for the hundredth time, then tightened his grip until I couldn’t breathe.
I nodded into his chest. "I’m going to be fine."
"Of course you are." He forced a laugh.
I tried to pull away. "All that matters is I got you out." I hiccupped. "I got you out before anything bad could happen. Nothing else really matters." I pushed back, wiped my face, and straightened my shirt the best I could in the current of the river. "It’s on you. Now you need to protect them. If I get sick, I want you to kill me and take care of them." I maneuvered around him, but he grabbed my arm before I could trudge back to the bank and climb out of the water. I wanted to grab my clothes and get out of here, but Coi wasn’t letting me go.
My voice shook as I repeated my words. "You have to do it. Don’t wait. Kill me."
Wrapping his arm around me, he pulled me against his chest.
My fight was gone.
"I’m sorry, Ol," he whispered against my cheek. "I’ll do it. I’ll make sure you don’t hurt anyone."
I spoke into his chest. "There’s nothing to be sorry about. I’d do anything to keep you safe. To keep Bliss safe. Do it if you have to. And I’ll do it for you." My words ended in a whisper.
"I’d never ask you to sacrifice yourself for me…" His gaze fell to my stomach. "I want you to know that."
Had I’d fooled myself thinking he’d decided to believe me, that he didn’t really believe Erica? But it was clear whatever relationship he had with her was stronger than the past we shared. My shoulders slumped.
"I hate…" His arm held me tight. He took a deep breath. "You shouldn’t have let the Governor manipulate you."
I pulled away from him. I fought back the words itching to come out, horrible words directed toward his mistrust of me, of Erica and her lies, but I bit my tongue and tried to remember God’s will. "Doesn’t our past earn me your faith?" I glanced over to where Bliss and Erica sat comforting each other. "Allow me some grace and trust?"
He tried to smile, but his eyes were sad. "I need to know we’re okay. I need to know you didn’t let the Governor…" He swallowed. "Let the Governor touch you because of me."
We weren’t okay, we far from okay. "Why do you believe her?
Coi closed his eyes. He didn’t answer right away, and I wondered if I wanted to know the answer. "I have to, Oli. She’s my future. If I don’t build it on trust, what do we have?"
I cleared my throat and shook my head. "Nothing." I looked up at him. "But is she building your future on truth? I’ve never lied to you."
Coi stared at me, narrowing his eyes. "You told me you talk to God. No." He held up a hand. "That God talks to you." He raised an eyebrow. "And you ask why I believe her over you? Why I trust her? She has nothing to gain from telling me about the Governor. But you had everything to gain by convincing me you were being led."
"I was trying to save you. Not the way she said I was, but—that’s all I’ve ever tried to do." I wiped my wet hair back from me face. "Save you."
Coi blinked at me, his expression daring me to say more, to bring this conversation back to the God he said I used as an excuse. With a sharp nod, he moved past me. "Get dressed, Ol."
I didn’t move. If I was going to die, I wasn’t going to mince words. If I was being sent to save souls, then Coi’s was on the top of my list. "You have to have faith in me and in our God."
"Ol!" he snapped. "I trusted you and look where we are."
I held my ground and bit my lip.
He came back to where I stood and leaned in to my face. "Oli, I’m standing here thinking I may have to kill you, and it’s tearing my heart out, but this is your journey. This is you… leading us into hell. My salvation has come and gone. There’s nothing you can do to change that. God is not talking to you. He. Is. Gone. Our safety should be the only thing on your mind. Your plan has nothing to do with God. If it did, we wouldn’t be here devising a plan to kill you if you’re sick." Coi turned around, continuing to spout out orders. "We shouldn’t stay here any longer than necessary. Erica, Bliss! Get moving!"
I waited, letting him go ahead of me, but his patience was thin, and he snapped again. "Get out, Ol."
Erica and Bliss jumped at Coi’s harsh words, pulling their belongings together.
I used the grass along the bank to pull myself to a shallow area and climbed out. My clothes were everywhere and mixed with Coi’s belongings. My knife lay in the grass covered in the slime of the Screamer. I pulled my layers back on then sat down to lace up my boots.
The head lying next to me caused my hands to falter. It was a man. He wasn’t old, although his skin was ripped and draped off its face. His eyes were open and foggy. The area around his eyes was bloody and raw. Or at least, at one point, it had been fresh blood. He had bled dry long ago. I moved to look at the body. We all knew the only way to stop the Screamers was to remove the head. It was something we didn’t do often. Something I had never done. Something I was asking Coi to do… to me.
"Oli." Coi’s tight voice shook me out of the trance I’d fallen into. "Come on. We have to get out of here. They aren’t usually alone."
I finished tying my boot and stuffed the items Coi had tossed on the ground back into my bag.
Bliss came to stand by me.
"Bliss," I said quietly. "I’m so…"
"Stop. I’m okay. Just scared. I’m fine." She took a step back. "I’m sorry you got…" She closed her eyes tight and swallowed hard. "I’m sorry you’re hurt." She turned on her heel and quickly walked out of the tress, leaving me standing by the edge of the river, wondering how long it would take for the disease to start eating my brain.
Coi and Erica followed behind, disappearing into the trees holding hands. I picked up my knife and followed them out to the road.


Chapter 19

"Do you think they’ll come after us?" Bliss walked beside me while Coi shuffled along behind, watching for anymore solo Screamers.
"The Screamers or the Guard?" I laced my fingers through hers and squeezed.
"Both, I guess." She gave me a sad look.
"Don’t be sad, Bliss." I tried to smile. "I’m fine. It was just a scratch."
"I don’t want you to turn into one of them," she said.
"Stop. I’m not going to turn into anything." I smiled. "I have too much to do." I tried to speed up our pace. The fading light let us know dusk was getting close, and I didn’t want to climb another tree, but with our latest encounter with a Screamer, I wasn’t going to chance another run in. The appearance of the creature made sense—we were getting closer to another town.
"The Guard. Do you think they’ll come after us?" she asked again.
"I don’t know. I figured they’d just lie and tell everyone they took care of us, but listening to Erica makes me think they won’t give up so easily. I never expected the whole story about a baby to emerge. I can’t figure out why he’d lie," I said.
"You really think they’ll tell people we’re dead?" Bliss sounded sad.
I looked over at her. Her chin touched her chest. "I’m sorry, Bliss. But if the guard doesn’t come back with us, and they don’t tell everyone we’re dead, it will affect the Governor’s control. So, either they can’t find us and will tell them we’re dead, or they’ll be showing up soon to make sure we really are dead."
"I wanted to leave. You know that, right?" Bliss blinked at me. "I want to be here. But it’s scary being out in the open. I’d never seen a Screamer except through the fence." Bliss stopped and looked at me. "It touched me."
"I’m so sorry," I whispered.
"Aren’t you scared not having anything between us and them?" Her voice shook.
"I think there’s always something to be scared of, no matter where you are. I feel like I’m safer outside the fence, away from the Governor, than I was inside."
"I wish I wasn’t scared," she said.
I hadn’t had time to really think about how I was feeling. Escaping, trying to keep Coi alive, worrying about food and water—I hadn’t even thought about how it felt to be outside the barrier. Bliss was right; it was kind of scary. Being able to go wherever I wanted but not sure exactly where that was. "I didn’t say I wasn’t scared, but my faith tells me we’ll be safe. I have to trust that or what’s the point."
"Erica says you’re making it all up."
"The Governor stuff?"
"Well, that, and the stuff about God," she said quietly.
I glanced at her. "What do you think?"
"Erica’s evil." She giggled.
I couldn’t suppress the laugh that bubbled up. It felt good to laugh, even if it was at Erica’s expense.
"Thank you for not letting go." Bliss squeezed my hand.
"Never, Bliss. I’ll never let you go." And I meant it. It was my fault they were out here, and I would do whatever I could to keep them safe.
"Do you think there’re people, real people, at the town?" Bliss seemed to have an endless string of questions. And I’d thought Coi picking at my personality flaws was annoying.
"I don’t know." I shrugged and pulled her along. We didn’t have time to mosey along having an afternoon chat. "But I have to trust that there’s a reason I was sent out here."
Bliss muttered, "Trust." Then followed along silently.
Coi found his way up to where we were walking and matched his steps with mine. "Any ideas on where we’re sleeping this evening?"
"I’m not purposely trying to get you to sleep in a tree."
Coi gave Bliss some silent signal to leave, and with a frown, she dropped back to where Erica was waiting.
"I was just asking." Coi sounded tired. "Are you feeling okay?"
I sighed. "I’m fine." I tried to give him an encouraging smile, but I was still feeling a bit betrayed over the trust conversation. "I was hoping we’d have reached a town by now. It’s not like I’ve been comfortable the last few nights."
"So, your thoughts on tonight?"
He didn’t sound like he was trying to start an argument, so I decided to give him a break and just answer the question. "I’d thought, since we hadn’t heard any Screamers the last two nights and if the map was correct, we should be okay on the ground, but after the river… I don’t think we should risk it," I added grimly. I didn’t know anything more than my companions, but they expected me to lead them to the safety of a new civilization, and their trust in me had faltered.
"There might be a cabin or house… something other than a tree." Coi strained to see farther down the road.
"Isn’t sleeping in a tree better than being stuck out here in the dark with Screamers grabbing at Bliss?" I was tired, too, and my sentence came out a lot snottier than I had meant it to.
"Geesh, Oli, stop being such a schlep. We’re doing the best we can."
I stopped in my tracks. "What did you call me?" Bliss had been called a schlep after her day of mourning for her lost aunt, and it was a term he’d never used toward me before. My heart hurt at the canyon growing between us.
The look on Coi’s face made it clear that whatever venom had prompted his name calling was gone. "You keep pushing, and you got hurt, and we’re doing…" he babbled. "I’m just so tired." He looked deflated, but I was tired, too.
"I should have let you rot!" I turned on my heel and started to walk away. I knew everyone’s nerves were shot, but they were the ones with unrealistic expectations of a sparkling city free of Screamers. I never said this was going to be easy. I never said we would find others. I was the one who should be mad at Coi. He was the one who doubted everything I’d said simply because he was building a relationship based on trust, with a liar. Tears streaked my cheeks, and I swiped at them with the back of my hand. "I should have left months ago. I should have listened when God told me to go alone. This is what I get when I don’t trust His plan. Jonah’s whale was looking better and better. At least he didn’t have a bunch of complainers with him," I muttered
"Stop already. I am so tired of listening to you go on and on about your visions or messages or cosmic readings. Just stop already. I’m here. I followed you. You don’t have keep giving me these spiritual awaking pep talks," Coi yelled back.
My mouth opened and closed, I was at a loss. He’d turned his back on, not only me, but God.
"It isn’t like I can go back," Coi yelled. "It isn’t like any of us can go back."
"I can’t believe you said that," Bliss yelled from behind me. "She’s done everything for you. Everything for us! If anyone is anything it’s you. You’re a… a…" She searched for the word. "Dummy!"
I swallowed down my tears and straightened. "Don’t worry. I won’t share my faithful drivel anymore." I turned and jogged away.
"Men are such idiots," Bliss said angrily when she caught up to where I’d ran.
I put my arm around her shoulder for a half-hearted hug. "Yeah."
I would have preferred to walk farther before stopping, giving myself more time before having to face Coi in close proximity. But the small house came into view only a few miles down the road. I knew the anger that had replaced my tears would subside. It always did. Usually with Coi apologizing first and me giving some sort of a partial apology that I didn’t really mean. I never seemed to take the full blame for our fights. This time, I wasn’t sure where I stood.
"Looks like we may be sleeping in style tonight." I nudged Bliss and pointed to a house just off the road.
"I’ve never been in a house before," Bliss said.
I glanced down. I’d forgotten she’d been born shortly before entering the barrier. No wonder she was so nervous. She hadn’t seen farther than a few yards from an athletic field in her entire life.
"The Lord sent them on ahead, two by two, into every town and place where He Himself was about to go. And He said to them, "The harvest is plentiful, but the laborers are few. Therefore, pray earnestly to the Lord of the harvest to send out laborers into His harvest. Go your way and behold I am sending you out as lambs in the midst of wolves. Carry no moneybag, no knapsack, no sandals, and greet no one on the road. Whatever house you enter, first say, ‘Peace be to this house’ (Luke 10:1-42)," I recited.
"Will there be people in there? Dead people?" Bliss said quietly.
"I doubt it. Most of the people would be gone by now." I glanced down and gave her a reassuring smile. "Houses are nice. This one might even have furniture… like a bed we can sleep on. Beds are really nice."
I decided to be the bigger person in the ongoing animosity and turned around, walking back to where Coi and his new best friend, Erica, lingered. "There’s a house up there." I used my thumb to point to where I’d left Bliss. "I think we should check it out."
Coi nodded, and they followed me back to where the house sat. The yard had grown high over the sides, and if we hadn’t been looking, we might have missed it. The paint looked to have been blue or maybe green at one time but now was washed out and hung in strips from the siding. In a strange way, it reminded me of the flesh hanging from the Screamer’s face.
"I want you to stay here and watch the front." Coi pointed at Bliss and Erica. "You and I will go through the house and check for anyone who may be around," he said to me.
"No. Wait." Bliss shoved him to the side and walked up to the front door. "Peace be to this house," she said.
Coi made a sound deep in his throat then pushed past Bliss and walked to the front door, pulling weeds and vines from the handle. Erica mumbled something I was glad I couldn’t understand.
I walked up beside Bliss. "Peace be to this house," I repeated, then gave Bliss a brief hug and followed.
Coi tried the front door, but it was locked. He jammed his shoulder against it, letting out a string of profanity. The door hadn’t budged.
"Let me try." I moved him to the side so I could attempt to kick the door.
On my first kick, I got a huff of disgust from Coi. I glared at him before I stepped back and used every ounce of strength I had to kick at the space next to the handle. With a snap, it flung open. I gave them a look of victory and slid into the house, keeping my back against the wall, my eyes scanning the hall. Coi came in after, moving close to my side.
"Let’s go that way first." He pointed. The house was dark and had an old musty smell. The activity of us pushing through the door had dust particles floating like tiny bugs through the air, every once in a while they sparkled from the last rays of sun peeking through the grimy windows.
We worked our way through the lower floor, then moved upstairs. Nothing and no one appeared to have frequented the place in a long time. "Looks clear," I said.
Coi touched my arm. "Can we talk?"
I took a step back. "We shouldn’t leave them outside. It’s getting dark."
"Things are really intense right now. It’s a lot to take in. This isn’t the plan I had for my life."
I bit my lip, trying to keep my voice calm. "It’s intense for all of us. Attacking me isn’t going to help." I left him and made my way back to the door, waving for Bliss and Erica to come in. I pulled the door closed behind them, the rusty hinges and broken latch squeaking their complaint. I moved a large piece of furniture across the entryway to secure it for the night.
Coi had let our conversation drop and gone into the kitchen, rummaging through the cupboards in search of food. There were a few canned items he’d placed on the counter but not much else. The early survivors had raided the local grocery stores early in the outbreak, and we hadn’t seen much in the way of processed food for years.
"Looks like we have some pears and beans and artichoke hearts." Coi wrinkled his nose.
"Be thankful it’s something," I muttered.
"I am. Just not sure what an artichoke heart is, or if I eat it or revive it."
"What’s an artichoke?" Bliss picked up the can and looked at the faded label.
"It’s a vegetable," I answered.
"So, someone killed them and took their hearts out then put them in that can?"
I’d anticipated the next question, but Coi hadn’t and laughed incredulously when she asked.
"I’ll leave you to handle the artichokes and vegetable hearts right now. I’m going to get some wood." I headed back down the hall, moved the barricade I’d just put in front of the door, and walked into the yard. I heard Bliss arguing with Coi but couldn’t hear exactly what they were saying, other than my name said loudly every once in a while. I doubted the topic was the mystery of an artichoke, but I didn’t care. I was tired and it was easier not caring.
"Hey." Erica’s voice interrupted my short moment of alone time. "Can I help?"
I turned around and waved an arm in the direction of some sticks.
"I’m not going to apologize," she said.
I ignored her. Maybe if I closed my eyes really tight, she’d disappear. Or maybe I needed to grow up and accept that she was my burden to bear until I could shove her into the waiting arms of a Screamer. "I don’t remember asking you to apologize or knowing why you need to," I finally said.
"Coi deserved to know."
"Oh." I’d tried to forget her twist on my story. "Know what exactly? Lies you concocted in your head?"
"They aren’t lies just because you refuse to accept what you did." Erica stood with her hands on her hips.
"So, you thought you were the one to tell him something I did?"
"Well obviously, you didn’t." She bent to grab some twigs to add to our pile.
I grabbed a broken branch then turned to face her. "You don’t know anything about why I left, and I don’t appreciate you helping to spread gossip."
Erica dropped what she had collected and replaced her hands on her hips. "I know you had the opportunity to marry the Governor and turned him down. And I think you ran away because you’re spouting all day about your God, and how do you justify carrying the Governor’s baby when you’re walking around with a holier than thou attitude? Always judging and looking down your nose at those of us who can’t possibly be as wonderful and amazing as you." She snorted. "Doesn’t feel good being one of the regular people, huh? Finally, Coi can see you as a normal person like the rest of us."
"Coi and I have been friends for a very long time. I think if anyone knows I’m one of the regular people, it’s him." I narrowed my eyes. "Why do you think you know so much about me and what happened back there?" It wasn’t as if we’d had a party celebrating the Governor’s offer. I hadn’t said a word. Who was she talking to? "I didn’t realize you found me so interesting."
She pursed her lips, not revealing her source but certainly making her dislike for me clear. "Coi’s going to believe me no matter what. He sees you for what you are now. He wants to build a future with me and will do anything to make it work. Especially since you’re out of the picture."
"Not that this is your business, but I’m not pregnant, unless the second coming of our Savior through Immaculate Conception happened and I’m the next Mary. And by the way, I wasn’t asked to marry the Governor." I took a deep breath. "I was being asked to breed with him."
"Don’t be ridiculous. The only reason we’re here now is because you told the Governor Coi was sick so he’d take him into custody and make some grand rescue to get him all to yourself. Well, it’s too late. He doesn’t want you. He chose me."
If I’d hoped my moment of truthfulness would bridge some gap in our relationship, I’d been greatly mistaken. I rolled my eyes and started picking up the pile of wood we’d collected. I didn’t need her to believe me. "He’s like a brother to me. What you’re implying is kind of gross."
"I think…" she started.
"Look. I don’t really care what you think or believe or conjure up. I just want you to keep your nose out of my business. Obviously, I can’t send you away so just keep to your side of the world and I’ll keep to mine. We don’t have to be friends."
Erica moved in, her chest almost touching mine. Every part of my body wanted to step back, but I wouldn’t show weakness to her.
"If you would have agreed, if you would have taken the opportunity offered to you, Coi wouldn’t have been taken. He wasn’t infected," she snarled.
"I never told anyone he was sick." I poked her in the chest. "Why do you think I went and got him?" I said, equally snarky.
"Because you don’t want me to have him."
I laughed. "You never entered my mind. This really has very little to do with you."
"You never paid him any attention until he showed interest in me. You can’t lead everyone on. Tucking them into your back pocket until someone else shows interest. You can’t have Coi."
I turned to leave. "I’m not out here making a love connection."
"Coi wants me, and I’ve made sure that will happen. When the Guard comes, we’re going back."
My mind was buzzing with the conversation I’d just had. I stopped, almost dropping my bundle of wood. "When the Guard comes? What do you mean when the Guard comes? Why do you think they’ll be coming?"
Erica looked tense. She stuttered then finally got a thought out. "I’m just saying, the Governor will want you back… with the baby."
"Are you serious? You know I’m not pregnant!" I snapped. "You made that up. The Guard knows nothing about that. So tell me, why is the Guard going to come looking for us? How will they find us?" I moved into her, the wood in my arms the only barrier between us. "What did you do?"
"You were going to ruin everything for me." She stepped forward, pushing me back.
The pieces of the puzzle were coming together. I narrowed my eyes. I was beginning to understand. "So, if I’d taken the offer, Coi would be free to marry you? But I declined. Ruined your fairytale." I shifted the wood in my arms. "So, you told them Coi was sick," I accused.
Erica started shaking her head.
"You told them because you thought I’d marry the Governor to save Coi." I laughed out loud. Her plan completely backfired, not that I could give her much credit for planning. If I’d allowed myself to be blackmailed, I’d be sitting next to the Governor, and he would have released Coi to Erica’s waiting arms and proved to everyone he wasn’t sick. In her mind, he was never in danger. She was plotting with the Governor the entire time. I laughed again. "Guess I messed your plan up by going in and rescuing him, and now you’re stuck out here with me."
"Just until they find us… and they will." Erica smirked.
"And it will all start again. You’ve gained nothing from your lies." I turned to leave her but stopped. "The only thing you’ve accomplished by whatever it is you did to lead them to us is seal Coi’s fate. No matter what you think, they will not let Coi live. He won’t be going back alive." I left her standing in the yard. I had no idea how much time we had before the Guard caught up or what strategy Erica was using to help them find us, specifics didn’t really matter, but we needed to lay low tonight and move out at first light.
As soon as I stepped over the threshold all thought of the Guard flew out the window. I dropped the sticks and ran to where Coi was on his knees in the hallway. His body was racked with a coughing fit, gasping to catch his breath.
"Coi? Try to relax. Breath," I repeated the soothing words while I rubbed his back until the coughs subsided, turning to a raspy wheezing. After a deep breath, Coi fell to his side, leaning against the wall. He slung an arm over his eyes, wiping away tears and smearing blood from his lips across his cheek. Blood wasn’t a good sign. His cough was progressing and obviously getting a lot worse.
I glanced up when a shadow fell over us. Erica stood in the doorway, pale and a little green. Her mouth opened as if to say something.
"I wanted to talk to you." His voice was weak.
Erica made a huffing sound and shimmied by us.
Coi’s eyes followed her as she made her way into the kitchen. His expression was one of defeat. He was in the middle of a war between us and having trouble finding his steps. I wished things were different, and I knew I could call a truce, but every time I thought we could go forward, Erica threw something else my way and the last nugget was going to take a while for me to get over. I wanted to scream out how she’d tossed us to the wolves but I hated adding to Coi’s distress. God had protected us this far. I had to believe He’d continue.
I waited until she had made her way past. "About artichokes?" I chuckled and placed a hand on his chest, feeling his breathing clam. "Just relax. Don’t talk. Deep breaths." I breathed deeply, trying to lead him and alleviate the stress on his chest.
"No. Not about artichokes." He wiped at his mouth again, looking at the blood that was smeared across his hand. His eyes searched mine for some word of comfort.
I didn’t have any.
I helped him move in to more of a sitting position.
Coi shrugged. "Maybe I’m worse off than we thought."
My heart ached. Only minutes before, Erica and I were fooling ourselves about the illness, and now it seemed he really was sick.
"I didn’t want to talk about me right now, and I didn’t want to talk about this in front of Bliss. She doesn’t need to be pulled into our drama." He cleared his throat and spit out more blood.
I waited a moment then said, "I kind of think we need to talk about your cough. If you’re spitting up blood… that isn’t good." I tried to be calm, but my heart was beating so loud I was sure he could hear it.
He raised himself onto his knees and carefully stood up. "There isn’t anything to talk about. There isn’t a cure. If I get worse, you know the plan." He looked at me. His eyes filled with regret. "Kill me and make sure I don’t come back as one of the Screamers."
I glanced back down the hall. I had a feeling Erica was hovering nearby, waiting for Coi to declare his love for me or something equally ridiculous."
Coi touched my arm. "I’m sorry. I was upset about Bliss and the Screamer, that you lied to me, about the fact we’re out here and don’t know what we’re doing. That I’m the man in this situation and I am literally falling apart at the seams." He paused. "I shouldn’t have called you a schlep. I didn’t mean it. I’m sorry."
"But you still think I lied to you."
"I wish you would have felt you could tell me," he muttered.
I looked up. "If I had, you would have done something stupid and the outcome would be the same." That much was the truth. I’d been afraid he’d confront the Governor and that surely wouldn’t have ended well. I did want to yell at the top of my lungs that he had the story all wrong, but I knew he was trying to build something out of the nothing left, and did it really matter at this point what Erica told him? "I’m tired of arguing. It doesn’t matter who you believe." I shrugged. "All that matters is the future."
"Erica said the Governor asked you to marry him. He took me because he saw me as an obstacle to you." He glanced down at the blood stain on his cuff.
I touched his arm. "We’re going to be fine"
"You don’t know that. You don’t know anything more than I do in these matters."
"Yeah. I might." I leaned against the wall. "I know Erica blames me for everything. I’m okay with it as long as you remember who I am." I touched my chest. "Know my heart."
Coi gave me a small smile. "She cares for me. She feels like she has to blame someone, and out of the four of us left to blame… she picked you."
I rested my head on his shoulder. "I’m honored."
He pulled me closer and lowered his lips into my hair. "I wish things weren’t so different."
"Everything’s changed," I whispered. "And it’s only the beginning."


Chapter 20

We decided to gather in the living room and forego Bliss’s chance at sleeping in a bed so we could stay closer to the exits. Bliss found a large metal pan, and we started a small fire to keep the chill of the night out, and to warm up Coi’s artichokes. I put my socks next to the fire in a hope to dry them after our quick escape at the river. My hair was in knots, and I painstakingly ran my fingers through it until I was able to braid it and get it out of the way. I felt Coi watch my hands move through the long blonde strands and let my thoughts go to the night he had helped comb my hair. It seemed like years ago, but it was only days. I let my gaze meet his and smiled. He smiled back, sadness still in his eyes. I thought the dim light hid my expression, but our exchange didn’t go unnoticed by Erica. She stood, scraping the stool she’d been sitting on across the floor. She flipped her hand toward Coi and walked into the hall. Coi lowered his forehead into his hands briefly before getting up and following her.
Bliss placed a stick in the fire. "That isn’t going to go well."
I smiled. "Yeah, probably not." I threw a stick of my own in the fire.
"It’s hard to compete with you, Oli."
My eyebrows drew together and I gave her a questioning look.
"You’re bigger than life." She threw her hands in the air. "Your faith, your courage, everything. We just sit back and watch you go."
"Thank you but I’m failing." I rubbed my forehead. "I’m being sent out to bring faith to the lost, and I can’t even get my friends to believe."
Bliss’s expression fell. "I believe you. It will be you and me." She ended with a big smile."
I touched her knee. "We’ll find others. Don’t worry, Bliss. We won’t be alone forever. God won’t let us be the only ones out here."
"Coi said God left us. We’re the forsaken ones, left behind because of our parents’ sins." Bliss poked at the fire, making sparks float up.
"Keep the fire low. We don’t want the sparks to get away from us."
I kept my gaze focused on the fire but could feel Bliss’s eyes boring into me. She wanted me to tell her Coi was wrong, but I didn’t want this to become a tit-for-tat between Coi and I. "God’s not left us. God is waiting for us to come to Him. Has He let evil come to our world? Most definitely. But He’s still here waiting for us to find Him. "Ask and it will be given to you; seek and you will find; knock and the door will be opened to you (Matthew 7:7)."
"Don’t worry, I believe." She gave me another smile that lifted my spirits. "You had me at the stream."
"I had you at the stream?" I chuckled.
Bliss sat up straight. "All that stuff you taught us. I believe it." She smiled proudly then recited a verse put to memory. "For the Lord your God is bringing you into a good land—a land with brooks, streams, and deep springs gushing out into the valleys and hills. Deuteronomy 8:7. You took us to the stream. Now I’m waiting for the valleys and hills."
With tears in my eyes, I wrapped my arms around her. "I love you, Bliss."
Sharp words came from the hall and broke the pleasantness that had fallen over us. Erica was mad, and Coi was being his normal diplomatic self. Footsteps pounding up the stairs made me think he may not have been successful at calming her.
The fire had begun to burn low by the time Coi finally found his way back to us. He came in silently, unbundled his wet clothes, and propped them on sticks around the fire. Then he picked up my socks and draped them over another stick he stabilized between two small tables. Steam rose from them as they dried. Bliss had fallen sound asleep, curled into herself on the sofa. I sat poking the fire while I used the dim light to look at the map.
"So, this is the elusive map I’ve heard about." Coi sat across from me.
"You should try to get some sleep. I’ll keep watch."
"What are we keeping watch for? The Screamers can’t open doors." Coi stretched.
"Other people. The Guard." I glanced up at him.
"The Guard? You think they’re looking for us still?"
I hesitated, wanting to destroy Coi’s trust in Erica, but I knew he wouldn’t believe me so I simply said, "You never know. I think we should get an early start. Keep moving so we’re hard to track just in case." I tried to smile. "Get some rest. I’ll be fine."
"I’ll sleep in a bit." He pointed toward the map I had laid out. "What’s the magic map say?"
"It’s not magic. It’s just a map."
"So, what does the regular old map say?" He persisted. "What message has the good Lord sent you?"
I stiffened. "I understand you don’t hold my beliefs, in fact are not interested in knowing about them, but I would appreciate you not making me feel bad about them."
Coi straightened and poked at the fire.
We sat watching the flames for a while before I gave in. "I think we are about here." I pointed to a spot along a thin line. "The barrier is here. Or at least, that’s my best guess seeing as there is a school marked here. I don’t understand all the symbols and the key." I pointed to a square of the map smudged from water damage. "The next town is ten miles away if I’m using the scale correctly, bigger than the town surrounding the school but still not considered a city. Hopefully, we can find some supplies. Our food will run out soon. I don’t have a lot of hope of finding any people. I think if there was a settlement near, we would have encountered them before now."
"I wonder what sent everyone away?" Coi said absently. "If there’s food, you’d think they would have stayed."
I rubbed my forehead. "I don’t know. Must have been rough for our parents to choose the barrier over a town. Things must have been sketchy."
"You think we’ll run into more Screamers? If everyone took off, wouldn’t there be less?"
"This map was colored by someone who, I’m assuming, was keeping track of the illness." I glanced up. "It didn’t happen overnight. The newspapers in the school, the papers they wrote, they all talk about how it started and was progressing. It took a long time to move inland after the oil spill. But from what I read, it wasn’t just the one spill. It sounds like there were other accidents. The contamination of the ocean and the rivers started years before. I guess it just finally caught up to us."
"The map shows so much red." Coi ran his finger over the red marker.
"Yeah. This town here, it’s actually two towns separated by a larger river. This here is the smaller river we swam in today. I think." I pointed to a thin blue line. "The smaller one flows into this bigger one. That’s why it was so clear. The snow melt would keep it clearer. Still no fish living in it but not gunky like things closer to the coast."
"You read a lot in that school, didn’t you?
I didn’t know how to respond. Apparently, Erica’s ridiculous look on life was rubbing off on him. He knew I spent hours hiding out with what was left of the books. "It isn’t wise to trust others with your fate. The kids left in the barrier are a bunch of lambs being led to their own destruction. Much like our parents were led with lies that the chemicals weren’t poisoning them. I won’t trust the uneducated words of people who ended up leaders just because they were bossy."
"I’d like to think the Governor was put in charge because he had a skill set that included more than bossiness."
I ignored his comment and continued, "The larger river probably got pollution from the chemicals, but the sickness couldn’t flow up river into the smaller one. The people wouldn’t have stayed with the sickness so close. Unless they had nowhere else to go."
"Then they would be left there to get sick."
"Yep, and still hanging around."
"But still, you aren’t worried at all about going there?" His voice was flat.
"Of course I’m worried. I hadn’t planned on the three of you coming. Erica’s screaming constantly, Bliss almost got pulled away by a Screamer, and you don’t think this entire journey isn’t stressing me out. I don’t want anything to happen to any of us. I’m constantly worried I’m failing."
"Don’t forget you already got hurt," he said quietly.
"I’m okay." I pulled my sleeves down over my hands. The scratches were itchy. I didn’t know if that was a bad thing, but I wasn’t willing to share the news with Coi.
He shifted. "Well, at least you were more prepared to leave than the rest of us."
"This wasn’t a whim. I couldn’t stay. Our freedom to make choices was getting smaller and smaller."
"Maybe if your choices weren’t leading Bible studies under the bleachers, or not doing your chores so you could read at the school while the rest of us worked, then maybe you would have kept your freedom."
"But is it really freedom if I can’t do those things?" I asked.
"It’s called working together for the greater good," Coi answered. "Not always worrying about what you want but what’s best for everyone."
"I don’t see how sacrificing what I believe to marry a man that doesn’t love me nor one I love for the better good of the barrier is right."
Coi raised an eyebrow. "So, it is true."
I swallowed back my tears and nodded. I wasn’t sure if the emotions bubbling up were anger, hurt, or just exhaustion. "God spoke to me a while ago. You act as if I’m using God as an excuse to get out of responsibility. I was told to spread the word. It’s our job to spread the word."
He sighed and ran a hand over his hair. "What does it matter anymore?"
I got up to leave, but Coi grabbed my sleeve.
"I’m not making this up." I bent to fold the map and shoved it into my pack. "You’ve known me since before I can remember. Why does being with Erica make you question me now?"
"I’ve always questioned you, Oli. You just never listened."
"I’ve never lied to you." This entire conversation felt wrong. I’d told him I didn’t want to argue anymore. I wanted to talk about the future, but this was the future. Our eternal future.
"Omission is lying."
I pulled my arm from his grasp and turned to leave.
"How long?" he said a little too loud. "How long did you know the Governor wanted you?"
I waited to hear if his voice had woken the others, but no sound came from the other room.
"How long have you made me believe you were leaving because of this mission?" he whispered.
"Does it matter what I say?"
"It matters."
"I told you everything."
"No. No you never told me you were with the Governor." Coi’s voice held such sadness.
"Oh my gosh. Are you listening? I told you. I was never with the Governor. I was leaving the barrier because I was led to. Leaving so the Governor wouldn’t hurt you wasn’t part of my plan." I sighed. "It became a necessity when God pushed my hand. The Governor did not set this in motion. God did. None of the details matter."
Coi closed his eyes.
I cleared my throat. "It seems you and Erica have patched things up." I rubbed my hands down the front of my pants, trying to hide the small tremors that had started. I didn’t want to lose Coi as a friend or lose the soul he’d forgotten about, but I feared it was too late.
Coi’s eyes narrowed as he looked me up and down, then with a slight nod, he agreed.
I settled on the floor across from him. "Okay then." I got back to business. "I don’t think anyone who left before stopped here. Or if they did, they didn’t stay. I think we’re about half way. Tomorrow, if we reach town, we should camp outside the area. Then, when it’s closer to midday, go in and look around. Make sure the Screamers are dormant. But make sure we time it so we don’t get stuck in there at dark. I say take a day to explore. Get out. Sleep. Then get up and make it through and out the other side before dark. It’s not a place I want to stay. The other groups wouldn’t have stayed so close and not come back and told us to follow."
"I would feel better if you stayed back with the packs."
"Why would I do that?" I asked, dumbfounded.
"In your condition…"
"Are you serious? After everything I just said."
"Erica said…" he started.
I started laughing, "You don’t seriously believe I’m going to have his baby?"
"She said you were seen leaving his house."
"Twice. I was in his house twice. Once when I was taken after I stayed out late in the school, and the second time to plead for them to release you."
"But he let you come see me. Erica said you bartered." Coi looked confused.
"If any of what she said was true and I went to the Governor to earn your freedom, how exactly would she know I was carrying his baby if it was two days ago?" I gave him a small smile, but there wasn’t much emotion behind it. "Two days, Coi. I am not involved with the Governor, and I refused to become involved." Apparently let’s move on and look to the future wasn’t going to happen anytime soon.
Coi frowned then chuckled before his eyebrows drew together. "Why did you wait a year?"
"I don’t understand."
"If God told you to leave a year ago, why did it take so long? The maps aren’t that hard to read." His face was shadowed by the light of the fire. "And why now?"
"You weren’t ready," I whispered.
"Me?"
I nodded.
"God told you to take me with you?"
"No." I hesitated.
"Seriously, Oli?" he blew out.
"I wanted you to come. I needed you. We’ve always been together." I stopped abruptly. I didn’t want to let Coi know how bad it hurt the trust we’d shared was faltering. "I prayed that He’d talk to you, too. But He didn’t, did He?"
This time, Coi shook his head. "No. But then I don’t listen, do I?"
"I thought I was the one who didn’t listen."
Coi poked a stick into the embers of the fire. "Maybe we both ended up where we were supposed to be."
I tried to smile. God had answered my prayers. He’d given me Coi, but He hadn’t given me the strong, supportive Coi I was accustomed to. He gave me one who questioned my motives and my loyalty. He’d also given me a very sick Coi who needed care and time to heal. Neither one were available to us out here. If I was honest, Coi hadn’t gotten what he bargained for either. This entire situation was my fault, and I was full of guilt for dragging them into it. If I’d left when I was supposed to, maybe things would be different. But I’d also be alone.
"I’m sorry," I said, and this time I meant it.
He tilted his head. "Why are you sorry?"
"I’m not just saying it. I really mean it. I’m sorry." I cried. "I don’t know where we’re going, and now I might turn, and you all will be stuck out here because of me."
Flustered, Coi patted me awkwardly on the back. "Don’t cry." Finally, he wrapped his arms around me and held me until my sobs turned into hiccups.
"I’m sorry." I hiccupped again.
"I thought I’d enjoy this more." Coi chuckled.
"What?"
"You admitting that you’re sorry about something instead of fighting me every inch of the way and then giving me a flimsy half-hearted apology."
"Maybe I should have stayed and made the best of it." I wiped my sleeve across my eyes.
Coi hesitated for a few moments, an internal struggle was clear on his face. "I would have come. I would never have let you go alone. I know I wanted you to stay, but if you left, I would have been right there with you. You’re my best friend. I would have followed you." He leaned in squeezed my shoulders. "Don’t take my lack of faith as a reason to believe God is punishing me because you didn’t listen. We’re being punished because we are living in hell on Earth." He pushed up from the floor, groaning as his sore muscles stretched.
I stopped him with my next words. "They’re not going to let me walk away. They are going to come after us. You know that, right?"
Coi lowered his head and picked at the peeling paint on the door.
"He won’t give up so easily," I added. "I won’t go back, but I’ll understand if you want to stay here with Bliss…" I swallowed hard. "And Erica until they catch up."
Coi didn’t move.
"He was going to keep me a prisoner."
"We are all prisoners in this world," Coi muttered.
"We don’t have to be." I got up and went to my bed for the night.


Chapter 21

"I know you’re awake," Coi’s sleepy voice rattled.
I snuggled deeper into my blanket as Coi kicked my foot again.
"None of that. Last night I heard a plan, and if we don’t get moving, that plan will never happen." Coi pulled at my blanket, and I grabbed on tighter.
"Did you talk to Erica? Does she want to wait for the Guard?" My voice was thick with sleep.
Coi stood, waiting. "We’re coming."
"Are you sure?" I opened my eyes and propped myself up on an elbow.
From Coi’s expression, I expected a smart remark, but he just nodded.
"Feels like a lifetime since it all happened."
"Yeah," Coi said almost to himself.
I stretched my arms over my head.
Coi kneeled to open his pack. "Just so you know, no one expects you to do everything." His voice held a touch of irritation. "If we’re going, then we’re going as a team."
"Okay." I collected the clothes we’d hung out to dry.
"Oli?" Coi held a small scrap of fabric in his hand. "You brought this?"
"I told you I packed your stuff before the Guard came back."
"I know what you said, but you brought my baby blanket?" Coi’s voice was full of emotion while his eyes darted back and forth between me and where Bliss and Erica still slept.
I walked over to him and touched the soft fabric hanging from his hand. "I know how important it is to you."
"It means a lot to me," he whispered.
"I know."
"So, what’s the plan for the day?" Bliss joined us.
"Are we packed?" Coi looked around and grabbed a pack.
"I’m thinking we can leave some of our stuff here, in one pack. Bring just what we’ll need in case of an emergency. Then tie the other one in the trees. That way, we are lighter and can move faster." Everyone stared at me. "What?"
Coi shook his head, and Bliss laughed. "Nothing, Ol. You’re just so organized."
I frowned. "Stop it."
Coi shrugged. "Just saying."
Everyone began emptying and shifting belongings. Bliss was throwing things onto the ground, then picking them up again. She looked at each item, determining what was going and what would stay, but everything seemed to end up in the same pile.
Finally, we had enough supplies to feel comfortable with our load and decided to use mine and Coi’s packs for our trip, tying Bliss and Erica’s into a tree. Then we covered the fire and our tracks in case anyone came along looking for us.
"So, the plan is to get to the edge of town and watch. Then, after we have an idea of what we are up against, we will come back here for the night and return tomorrow to work our way through." I laid the plan out again since Bliss and Erica missed out on our impromptu meeting last night. "Are you all okay with that?"
"Do you think anyone lives there?" Erica asked.
"I’m not sure, but I don’t think so. It’s so close to the water."
"Wouldn’t that make them want to stay?" she asked.
I stared at her for a minute. Did she seriously not know? "The sickness came from the water. The oil spill killed everything and bacteria grew." I waited to see if any of this rang a bell.
Her blank expression made it clear this was the first she’d ever heard of it.
"How’d you think everyone got sick?" No wonder she was reluctant to listen to me when I talked about God. She was clueless. "Didn’t your parents tell you?"
Erica shook her head, a glazed-over look in her eyes. "I never really thought about it. My parents died before I got to the barrier, and I’m not really sure how I ended up there."
I reached out and rubbed her arm. It surprised us both, and she took a step back. "I’m sorry," I said, my hand hanging in midair.
"Maybe there’ll be food. You know, the old kind. The good kind." Coi broke the awkward silence that had fallen between us.
"I doubt the restaurants are going to be open." I laughed.
***
It took an hour to get to the edge of town. Then I made them sit behind an abandoned truck for another hour—watching.
"Ol, nothing has moved." Coi rolled on his back and stretched.
"Shh," I said.
"Nothing’s there," he said again.
"It’s early. I don’t want to go in there if it’s dangerous," I insisted. "I won’t just go walking in without some idea what we’re getting into."
"Oli. It’s a deserted town. A spooky, empty, deserted town. Dangerous is part of the definition. But it’s daylight. The Screamers don’t come out in the day. Especially when it’s this hot." Coi waved a hand in an attempt to create a little breeze.
I leaned my back against the truck. "There are a lot of alleys and dark corners. They can sustain themselves in dark places. Even a building that doesn’t get the direct light can be dangerous. The Screamer who came after Bliss was out in the shade of mid-afternoon. These Screamers might be different than the ones around us."
"It’s morning. The sun is going to be straight up. No shadows." Coi flung a hand in the air.
"You put me in charge and I say we should wait a little longer," I stated.
"I did not put you in charge," Coi argued. "We’re equally a part of this, and I vote we move forward."
I blew out a breath and grabbed my pack. "So, I’m in charge when things go wrong and you’re in charge when it’s something you want? I get it."
"That about covers it." With a victorious smile, Coi swung his pack over a shoulder, cringed when he was reminded of his broken ribs, and led our way into the town.
We’d crossed a four-lane bridge to get to our current position, and I turned around again and again to make sure it remained clear. I had a sinking feeling that when we left to head back to our forest hideaway, the entire bridge was going to be packed with Screamers heading in for the evening.
"The silence is so unnerving," Coi said to no one in particular.
I kicked a can, sending it echoing down the street.
I hadn’t been more than a mile from our small home since we were locked away behind the fences of the barrier ten years ago. Trash blew across my path and swirled the thick layer of dust coating everything.
"Why are there so many cars just sitting in the middle of the road? Why would people leave them sitting here?" Bliss looked into the window of a small car. "Why would they desert their cars in the middle of the road like this? Why would they walk off when they could be protected inside a car?" Bliss continued to talk to herself while looking into the window of car after car parked at weird angles across the lanes.
I had no idea what had happened. I couldn’t even imagine what would cause someone to leave the protection of their car and decide walking into a mass of Screamers was a better idea.
"If there’s gas, maybe we can get one of the cars working?" Coi ran a hand down the side of a dusty blue truck.
"Because you’re a car expert and can get one running," I said sarcastically.
"Ha, ha, so you’re the group comedian now," Coi said.
"These cars have been sitting here for years. The batteries are probably dead."
"I did some work with the Guard. They used the batteries to work the lights." Coi used his toe to turn over a rotted piece of cardboard.
Bliss turned around. "I just don’t get it. Who made it such a mess? It isn’t like the Screamers go around trashing the place. Why would the people trash it? I get things would be run down, but seriously, it’s a mess."
I couldn’t help but smile. Out of all the things Bliss could be upset about, she was bothered by the trash.
"Well." Coi came up behind us.
I crossed my arms in anticipation. I thought he was going to enlighten us on how it came to be such a dump.
He glanced my way and gave me a nasty look. I wasn’t sure why. I didn’t have an answer, and I was actually excited to hear his.
"Well," he started again. "I think people who had somewhere else to go, further inland, maybe left when the spill first started. But some people just didn’t have the ability to go. So they stayed around. With businesses closed down and homes empty, bad people come in and start looting. That’s robbing and taking stuff. The police must not have been able to control it. I don’t understand about the cars, but maybe that explains the trash issue."
Bliss seemed satisfied. I gave him a quiet round of applause when Bliss had walked away. Coi bent at the waist in a slight bow.
These small moments of the way things were made me want to erase the past days and go back to before—before I lost control of the situation—but I never really had control. God had always had it, and when I started thinking I did was when things got messy.
"Your will not mine," I said to myself.
We moved further into the town, staying on the main road. A sign announcing a food mart loomed ahead.
"Do you think it’s still full of food?" Erica looked longingly at the sign. "I’m starving."
"Want to check it out?" Coi looked over at me.
"I highly doubt anything is left."
"Couldn’t hurt to look." Coi bumped my shoulder with his.
I thought about diverting the invitation to Erica since they seemed to be a team, but she wasn’t the type you take into a dangerous situation. Even with our hardship, she was still soft when it came to hard work or physical activity.
I shrugged and followed after him. He looked over his shoulder and skipped ahead a little, making me smile.
Cars were bumper to bumper and crammed in all directions in the intersection. I wasn’t sure we would ever know what happened to cause such a mess, but I was thankful each car was empty of a body, skeleton, or Screamer.
"Let’s wait outside a few minutes and listen for any movement. The light only hits the first few rows of the store, and I don’t want to get into a mess." Coi cupped his hands around his eyes to look into the window of the store.
"I can go in first. I have experience in buildings," I said, putting my face next to his.
"We can go in together." Coi didn’t move back.
"I think I better go in alone."
"No."
"I really think it’s better I go in alone so if there is anyone in there, I can get out quick. I go to the school every day. I understand large buildings. Bliss doesn’t, Erica is…" I glanced at her then added, "And you have bruised ribs."
"They’re fine." Coi raised an arm in some sort of demonstration of his ribs feeling better.
I waited before saying the words I knew we were avoiding. "If you have a coughing fit, it could get bad. I’m not strong enough to get you out alone."
Coi closed his eyes, his expression was one I was familiar with. In the time we spent growing up together, this look of irritation toward me came frequently.
"Okay," he finally conceded.
I knew it took a lot for Coi to let me go. I touched his arm, trying to reassure him. "I’ll be fine."
The door was locked, but the glass was broken on the upper and lower panes.
"Here goes nothing," I smiled, trying to show a confidence I didn’t really embrace, then pulled my knife out of my belt. My knife was thick, wide, and long. It had a sturdy handle and at one time was used for hunting deer. Now it was my only defense against monsters who, until recently, had always been on the outside of my life. I scrunched down and crawled through the bottom of the door. The glass crunched under my feet. I wished I had some sort of light but knew it was better I remained in the dark. A small flame would draw them to me, as opposed to the bright light of the sun. The store was reminiscent of the destruction outside. The smell was horrible, and I pulled the scarf I kept wrapped around my neck up and over my mouth and nose. Whatever had a short shelf life had years to putrefy.
"Man, it stinks." My voice sounded hollow in the large warehouse. Mice feces were thick on the floor, and the chewed-up boxes of crackers and pasta made it clear they’d had food for a while. Animals suffered the same fate as the humans. Many of them disappeared completely, but others had morphed into strange monsters that were barely recognizable as the animals of the past. I prayed there weren’t any morphed rats or mice waiting for me. At least with the Screamers, I kind of had an idea of what to expect.
I moved low and quiet through the front of the store. A pop machine stood silently against the front wall. I used my knife to push the front of the machine open. A soda can fell from its shelf and hit the floor. The sound echoed through the store. A shudder ran through me as I waited to see if the noise awoke any waiting monsters. I watched as it rolled a few inches before it was stopped by the paper on the floor. I scanned the room, nothing seemed to have moved, so I pulled my pack around and stuffed the can inside. I checked the rest of the cans and added two more, then moved on. A candy rack sat close to the windows and was set at a height that made it difficult for the mice to get at. I scanned the bags for something that wouldn’t have rotted, then pulled it free and inspected it for holes or punctures. Only one looked edible, red and white peppermints, and I added them to my stash. Cans were my best bet at finding food that had sustained through the years, so I headed toward an aisle marked canned vegetables. Nothing had moved since I entered, and I was gaining confidence. The floor was thick with discarded food and other unidentifiable trash. The farther I moved into the store, the harder it was to see. Obviously, I wasn’t the first to look for food here; the food in the front was well rummaged through. There was less and less food on the shelves as I moved farther down the aisles.
I wondered if Coi was having a nervous breakdown waiting at the door. Only a thin ray of light shone from where I’d entered. I hoped he didn’t get impatient and yell from his position. Something skittered across my foot, and I suppressed a yelp. It had been small, but the weight of a creature was unmistakable. I took a deep breath and pushed on, my eyes straining to see where I was going. A few cans sat on the floor, and I picked them up, feeling for the weight of contents. Nothing. I moved forward and grabbed another can. It had weight, and without looking, I dropped it in the pack. I collected five more cans before the pack was full. I’d have to go back to empty my collection and then head back for more. At least, that was my thought until I turned around and was met by sets of red glowing eyes at the end of the aisle.
"Shoot," I said under my breath. I knew how to fight the Screamers. Well, sort of. But I had no idea what was attached to the beady eyes in front of me. I took a step backward, trying to increase the distance between me and my not so tiny assailants. Going further into the darkness didn’t seem to be to my advantage, but moving made more sense than having a stare down. I took another step back, trash crunched under my boots, and the eyes moved toward me. I glanced over my shoulder. Nothing. At least they hadn’t flanked me. I stepped back again; they moved forward. This was a game I didn’t want to play. They seemed to be waiting for me to make a move. It was waiting for me to make a move, but I didn’t know what it was yet. My feet were like two blocks of cement moving in slow motion. Blood rushed through my head, shutting out any noise they were making. "God, please be with me. Give me courage," I prayed then gave myself a pep talk. "Okay, think. Come up with a plan."
A scuffling behind me had me turning with a quick jerk. I groaned. "I asked for courage not for more scary things to need courage for." The outline of a figure came into view. A small person, maybe a child, was coming up the aisle, dragging a leg. This was going downhill quickly. I took a deep breath, calming the adrenaline pulsing through my body. I had God on my side; He had a plan for me. He wasn’t going to let me die with a bunch of mutants. I was going to make it through this. I moved forward, and the eyes moved forward, too. I was stuck. The creepy child was coming from behind, and the eyes were coming toward me. My hands shook; my courage had been short lived.
The creepy child reached out, its fingers brushed the cloth of my coat. On instinct, I turned and sliced its hand with my knife. With a sick squishing noise, it fell to the floor. The eyes of the vermin pushed forward, swarming between my feet as they attacked the flesh that was left on the hand. I shivered as my memory flashed back to the short time ago when another child had reached out for me, but that time, Coi had my back. This time, I needed to trust in God as my ally. Losing a hand hadn’t phased it, nor had the obstacle course of rats that nipped and bit at the child as it continued with its shuffle toward me.
I took off at full speed and ran the length of the aisle, skidding on the trash as I took the corner and landed hard on my hip. Unaware of the pain in my frenzy, I struggled to get up, my feet slipping on the grime, not sure if the sounds I heard were mine or the mini monsters after me. I found my feet, grabbed the pack, and took off in the direction of the light. I’d almost made it when a Screamer came at me from the side, taking me down at the knees. My head hit the edge of a counter, and for a second, I was stunned, but the high pitch scream of my attacker brought me back to my present situation.
"What the heck?" I kicked at his face, and my boot sunk into its cheek, taking a sludgy piece of its flesh off. They weren’t supposed to be this aggressive. The Screamers back home were slow and, well, zombie like. This guy was going after me like a zombie on speed.
Somewhere in the chaos, I heard Coi and Bliss yelling.
I back peddled away from the faceless man, slipping and sliding as it continued to grab at my ankles. Flashes of the attack at the river flowed through my head. The deep scratches on my arms came alive with a prickling pain, reminding me this sickness could be growing inside me at this very minute. The pitter patter of many tiny feet came from the direction I had just come. The mini monsters must have finished with the child and were looking for dessert. The kick to the face had only slowed the man down a minute, and now he came at me full of vengeance.
"Ol! What’s going on in there? Are you okay?" Coi’s voice was so far away. Slowly, I came back to my current situation and took stock of my surroundings. I’d gotten turned around and wasn’t sure which direction to get back to the door. I did the only thing that made sense and I ran the direction nothing was in. Crawling and stumbling though the store, I headed in the direction I’d previously avoided, the direction of the horrible smell of rot. I gripped my knife, ready for the next creature who came at me. The room got darker the farther I moved in. I looked over my shoulder, checking to see if I was being pursued and ran smack into something sturdy but soft. The force of the hit, as well as the smell assaulting my senses, knocked me back. I gagged, threw up, then slipped in whatever slimy muck my vomit had mixed with. I was tired. So tired of figuring out a plan, trying to listen to God, and fighting with Coi. It would be easy to lay here and let fate take its course. But this wasn’t my fate. This wasn’t my destiny. I lifted up on my elbows and skidded backward on my butt into either the Screamer I’d already become acquainted with, or a new one, but what did it matter.
My momentum hit him hard in the shins, toppling him down over me, knocking my knife from my hand. If I’d been that girl, the one who was into squealing, this would certainly have done it for me, but I wasn’t, so I yelled from the depth of my soul and slammed my fists into its body. The creature continued to writhe around my arm buried deep in its middle. It lurched forward and smashed me into the floor.
My knife was lying to my left. I was pinned to the floor, and the creature was attached to me, my arm inadvertently holding it close to my chest. It’s snapping jaws moved back and forth in front of my face, but all its teeth had been knocked out long before our meeting, so it was simply gumming me with a gooey slime. I gagged and tried to push it off of me. The fear cursing through me turned into adrenaline, and with a strength I’d thought left me, I tried to push it to the side, but the second Screamer arrived, clawing at me through the faceless man pinning me to the ground. With all my strength, I pushed at the mass of death. My hands sunk further into the rotted flesh until I hit bone. Finally having leverage, I threw him to the side.
The mini monsters scurried to devour what was left of him, giving me time to roll to my knees and crawl to where my knife lay. Grabbing it tightly, I turned in time to bury it deep into the forehead of another Screamer coming for me. Without looking back, I grabbed my pack, held my knife tight, and ran to where I prayed the front of the store was. My lungs weren’t taking in air, and I was light headed. My gasps for air turned high pitched and echoed through the store. I was beyond scared, numb with only one goal: get out of the hole I was currently in.
At the end of the aisle, I could see light trying to break through the dirty glass. Not wanting to spend any extra time searching for a door, I ran as fast as I could and shouldered my way through the glass windows—rolling across the cement sidewalk and into the bright sunlight. My attackers shied away from the sun’s rays, their raspy screams breaking the silence of the outside world. Even the rodents let out a screech that chilled my bones. A cry out from the grave. Their noises faded as they shrunk back into the shadows of the grocery store. I pulled myself up on my hands and knees and stared at the hole in the wall. The noises were etched into my soul. I would never forget the sounds of the rancid animals. I would hear them every time I closed my eyes.
Coi, Bliss, and Erica came running around the side of the building, yelling, their faces filled with shock, fear, relief. I was in a fog, and it all blurred together. My breath was echoing through my ears, their words were lost to me. In some corner of my mind, I understood their concern, but right now, I was terrified I would be followed outside the building. These creatures were not like those that surrounded my home for the last eleven years… these were much more aggressive and tons faster than the meandering beings I knew.
"Oli, what happened?"
"Are you okay?"
They stopped a few feet from me, eyes wide as they took in the mess I assumed was all over me.
I kept my eyes trained on the shards of glass spread out in front me, my knife shaking in my extended hand as I readied for a second attack, if the mini monsters dared to show their beady eyes outside. Coi held out a hand as if I was a wild animal to be tamed and began to talk in a calm, quiet voice. "Ol. Put the knife down. It’s okay. You’re okay now. Put the knife down."
I glanced his way but quickly diverted my eyes back to the hole. My breathing coming out in short gasps, his words a faraway mumble as I anticipated the creatures taking chase.
Coi cautiously kneeled in front of me. "You’re safe now, Ol." He placed his hand on my shoulder. I shifted to the side, my knife pointed his way, jerking toward him in defense. My eyes, my mind, had clouded over, all I saw was Screamers.
Coi stumbled out of the way then raised both his hands and continued to talk in that voice people use when they are afraid you’re going to completely go crazy. "It’s going to be okay."
Finally, I let my focus move from the store to his face, then back again. His tone began to register even if his words still remained in confusion.
"You’re okay now."
I shook my head. No. I wasn’t okay. I wasn’t sure I would ever be okay again.
"You’re safe. Give me the knife."
I stared blankly at him then nodded in agreement, and slumped down onto the pavement. I welcomed his arms when they wrapped around me, and at last, pulled in a shaky breath, filling my lungs with fresh air. My chin dropped to my chest as I tried to hold back the sobs fighting to come out. He was right to think I was close to losing it.
"Ol. What happened in there?"
"I got some food." My words were barely a whisper.
He chuckled, and my head bounced against his chest. "It doesn’t matter. Just wanted you back in one piece." He held me close and rocked me. Bliss sat beside us, weeping softly. I reached out and took her hand.
"I’m okay. Don’t cry." My voice was muffled against Coi’s shirt, but I didn’t want to pull away. I needed the solid warmth of a human body after being covered by death only minutes before.
"I heard you scream. I was so scared." Bliss sobbed.
I pulled her into my side, and Coi wrapped us up in his arms.
"We should get out of here." Erica got up from the curb she’d settled on.
Coi gave us a squeeze, then patted my shoulders and pushed me back lightly. "You okay to get up?" he asked.
I nodded. I wasn’t sure I was, but I knew we were wasting daylight by sitting here.
"Let’s switch packs. I’ll carry the food." Coi stood and grabbed my pack. I let him help me up, then bent to get the knife I’d dropped. It was covered in the grime that made up the inside of the Screamers, and I used the sole of my boot to scrape off the larger chunks, then wiped off the rest in the weeds growing next to the sidewalk.
Bliss grabbed Coi’s backpack. "I’ll carry yours for a while."
I went to ruffle her hair but saw the slime covering my hands, arms, and coat and sighed. "I’d appreciate it." I was fine to carry a pack, but I knew giving Bliss something to do would make her feel she had a purpose.
Coi gave me an hour of silence before stopping at a small overgrown park. Then the questioning began. "So, what happened back there?" he asked.
"Nothing. I got us some soda and a few cans of food but not sure what’s in them," I said.
"I’m not asking about the contents of the store. I want to know what happened in there." Coi’s voice was agitated.
"I just got creeped out and couldn’t find the door, so I made my own." I sat down on a broken picnic table.
"You couldn’t find the door so you ran through the glass wall?" Coi sat beside me and bumped my shoulder. "And screamed bloody murder while you did it?"
I glanced at Bliss, then back at Coi. "I got scared."
Coi looked up at the sky and sighed. There were no clouds today, and the sun beat down on us. I wiped at a chunk of rotting flesh stuck to the zipper on my boot.
"We aren’t leaving until you talk to me." Coi’s words were quiet.
I looked over my shoulder to see where the girls had settled behind us.
"I didn’t want to scare them," I finally said.
"They need to be scared. We need to be scared. It isn’t safe out here without fear." Coi stretched his legs out in front of him. Erica got up and sat beside him. Bliss came and found a spot next to me. Coi wrapped an arm around Erica’s shoulder and pulled her to his side.
I laughed dryly. "That’s what I keep saying."
"Talk to us," he whispered. "Tell us what we’re up against."
"I ran into a Screamer." I shrugged.
"We’ve dealt with them before. You never looked as freaked out as you did today." Coi grabbed my hand, stopping my frantic picking at the gunk left on my pants. "What’s all over you?"
"Maybe you should say who?"
"That isn’t funny."
"Didn’t say it was." I moved to stand, but Coi caught my hand.
Talk to me, Ol," he said again.
"I was gathering food and these little red glowing eyes blocked my path."
Erica gasped and covered her mouth. Bliss placed her hand on my leg in a sign of support.
"Little glowing eyes? Were they attached to something or just eyes?" Coi asked.
I pulled my hand from his. "If you’re going to make fun of me, I’m not going to tell you."
"I’m not making fun of you. We were really worried, Ol. I don’t know what we’d do if we lost you."
Coi shifted. "So, tell me what was attached to those glowing red eyes."
"Infected rats," I said simply.
"Holy crud." He laughed dryly. "That’s a new one."
Erica muttered something under her breath, and Bliss muttered, "Gross."
"Then, this little Screamer came at me. I cut off her hand, and the mini monsters ran to eat the flesh left hanging on it. I took off toward the door, but I think I got turned around. Anyway, I ran into two more and ended up getting tackled by one. I decided to forego the whole door thing and made my own." I went to run my hands through my hair, to untangle the knots, but remembered the dried remnants on my hands and placed them back in my lap. "And Coi."
"Yeah?"
"They’re different. They’re stronger and faster." I looked up out of the corner of my eye. "They are a lot different."
"I should have gone with you."
"Then it would have been two of you in trouble instead of just one," Erica piped in.
"I could have helped," he said.
"I didn’t need any." I got up. "We need to keep moving."
I left Coi sitting on the picnic bench. I didn’t want to be pulled into his need to be the manly hero of this group, and I didn’t know where he’d gotten the idea in his head he was our protector. It wasn’t as if he had rescued me from perilous activities for the last eighteen years. Him being with me would have made little difference in what had happened.
"Oli. Ol. I didn’t mean it like that. You never listen. You always interpret things wrong," Coi complained.
I turned on him. "I… I interpret things wrong?"
"Well—yeah," Coi stuttered.
I poked my finger into his chest. "You need to figure out where you are in this group, because as of now, you think you’re the man of the hour and the mighty protector of us little ole girls. And you," I poked him again, "you aren’t either. You were right when you said we need to work together as a team, and you’re screwing it all up. You need to figure out if we’re a team or you’re our great and victorious leader because I can’t keep up." I poked him one last time before marching off with Bliss in tow.


Chapter 22

The buildings loomed on either side of us as we continued into town. It was a small town in comparison to the pictures I’d seen in the history books at the school. None of the buildings were over ten stories high, but after years of living in a broken down high school stadium, they looked like skyscrapers. We’d been moving through the trash and debris for the last three hours and hadn’t seen any indication of another living thing—not even a blade of grass—just mile after mile of grey dusty asphalt. I hadn’t offered to go into any more stores to check for supplies. I needed a few more hours, or years, to recover from the last adventure. Not to mention, a larger cache of weapons.
"If we keep moving forward, then we’re going to be in too far to make it back to camp tonight. I think we should look for a place to crash." Coi turned in circles, looking at our surroundings.
"We aren’t staying in here," I said. I passed Coi to look into a window of a store filled with clothing. "It isn’t safe. We have time to get back outside the city line."
"We don’t have time to hike back out before dark. We’ll get stuck halfway. Besides, there is more to see," Coi argued. "There are just as many places to stay here as there would be halfway back, so we might as well spend more time looking around, and then bunk in and wait until morning to get our stuff. We have food, thanks to you."
I rubbed the dirty glass with the sleeve of my jacket. The mannequins standing in the store were unsettling. I stared at them for a few minutes, making sure they didn’t move. I avoided blinking in case I missed a twitch, and my eyes started to water. I stepped back and wiped at them with my sleeve, feeling the crusty dried filth of my earlier attack.
"There’s some good clothes in this store. I could use something without guts all over it."
"You’re starting to smell." Bliss rubbed her nose.
I tried not to be offended. The idea of new clothes was appealing. Besides the crud all over me, the clothes we all wore were items handed down from the older girls. Girls that had died and hadn’t needed the clothes anymore.
Coi came up beside me and looked through the clean spot I’d made. "Clothes?" He smiled. "You’ve refused to check out any of the other stores that might have food, but here you are almost drooling over clothes. You’re such a girl."
"Shut up." I shoved him. "I just thought we could use something clean. Bliss said I smell."
Coi wrapped his arm around my neck in a head lock. "You deserve nice things, Oli. We all do. We’ll go in together this time. Keep watch for each other while we look for something that will work. I’d love a new pair of boots." He lifted up his foot to show the sole beginning to flop free.
I ducked out of his arm. Figuring it was a lost cause anyway, I ran my hands over my hair, smoothing the fly away strands he’d pulled loose. "Knock it off."
"So, what’s the plan? Are we staying?" Bliss asked, walking to the store front.
"It appears we are going to get some new clothes." Coi grinned at Bliss. "Oli here would like some new duds." He reached out to mess up my hair again, but this time I saw it coming and ducked.
"Oh! That sounds wonderful." Bliss jumped for joy and clapped.
Erica grinned and for a moment, I saw a glimmer of the girl Coi saw.
I smiled back. "I just need a new jacket. Maybe pants. These are covered in… well… someone."
"That’s gross," Erica laughed, and I thought maybe I could try harder to be nice.
"But very true." Bliss laughed.
"The world is your oyster, my ladies. The entire store is open to your every need." Coi swept his arm out in front of him in a grand gesture.
"Geesh, Coi you’re such a dork." Bliss giggled. Erica swooned over him.
"Okay, this is all fine." I waved my hands around, trying to calm the love flowing toward the only man in our presence. "I was in the last store and let me tell you, it was more of a nightmare than an enjoyable shopping experience. Remember, there are these… these mini monsters. Little mice or rats that have grown to unusually large creatures with glowing red eyes who want to chew your fingers off. Not to mention, in the depths of the store were Screamers. And they are rotting and mushy and disgusting. Keep your eyes open because we don’t want to be caught with our pants down—literally."
The fun drained out of Coi’s expression. Bliss and Erica looked like they were going to throw up.
"What?" I held my hands. "We just need to be prepared."
"You’re a buzz kill," Coi finally said. "They didn’t need all the details repeated."
I frowned. "I want you to go in there with a serious understanding that this isn’t fun and games."
"Well, thank you, Oli, because I thought we were just on a merry little trip through the flowers. Give me a little credit will you. I was trained by the Guard." Coi’s words were sharp, but I preferred dealing with his irritation over watching a Screamer eat him.
"If you have experience with the Guard, then why don’t you use it to help keep watch?" I asked. "That’s what they’re good at after all."
"Ha, ha," he deadpanned.
"Would it be possible for the two of you to have a conversation without arguing? It’s getting tiring." Erica put her hands on her hips.
Coi looked from Erica to me and laughed. "We’re just communicating." He winked at me and pulled Erica to him for a quick kiss on the head. "I’ll lead the way. You guys watch, then come in after me. Flank the sides so if something is in there they can’t grab us all at the same time."
Coi led us into the store. It was small with a large picture window. The area I’d cleaned with my sleeve allowed a dim ray of light to come into the dusty showroom. The store was a mixture of outdoor gear with some nicer clothes in the back. Coi did a quick sweep of the front showroom, then left us, heading to the back to do a more thorough check. Knives at the ready, Bliss and I kicked at the shelves and drawers in a scaredy-cat attempt to flush out any mini monsters. Erica stood on the counter and supervised.
A loud banging noise came from the back. We all jumped. I ran to the narrow doorway separating the two sections of the store and found Coi karate kicking the dressing room doors open.
"Looks clear back here," Coi said with a triumphant grin.
"How long have you been saving up your mad kung foo skills?"
Coi’s eyebrows had drawn together, making it clear the wheels in his head were turning. He came at me, grabbed the front of my jacket, and pulled me into a headlock, rubbing his hands over my head until my hair was sticking up all over. "Let’s get shopping."
I stumbled back, needing a minute to compose myself before following him into the other room. "What the heck?" I muttered to myself.
The contents of the store had been rummaged through, as we’d expected, but food and valuables were what the looters wanted, so there was still a lot of clothes to choose from. Erica had a bright pink shirt draped over her shoulders. "This is so pretty." She twirled.
The bright colors the clothes offered were enticing, especially after walking through the drab colors of the town. We’d been forbidden to wear bright clothes in the barrier. The Governor wanted us plain. I didn’t understand it back then, but I knew we needed to stay with colors that would blend into the background while we were outside.
"I think it would be best if we stuck with earth tones," I suggested.
The look Erica gave me was a mix of irritation and disappointment. I waited for a response, but she simply pursed her lips together, shutting away the rude words she usually had for me.
"Screamers aren’t the only enemy out there. We don’t want to announce our presence if at all possible. Dark greens and brown patterns are the best." I headed to a rack containing clothes in the colors I’d suggested and peeled off my jacket, a too big, canvas coat that reached my knees. I’d always liked the coat. The lining was a red plaid, a pop of color we weren’t permitted to wear on the outside, and it had a ton of pockets. I kept all my most valuable treasures in my pockets. If I was honest with myself, I was beginning to smell with the crusty, rotted flesh of my last encounter stuck to the front.
I slid my arms into the soft fabric of a dark green jacket. The outer shell was a thick canvas, but the inside was warm, soft wool. I buttoned up the front, then pulled my knife out to see if the sleeves provided me with the flexibility I needed to fight off an attack. It seemed fine, and I emptied the pockets of my old jacket to place the items into my new pockets. I kept a constant eye on Coi and Erica. Coi was poised between the two rooms with his back against the frame of the hall door. He would turn his head every few minutes to scan each of the rooms and watch the front door. Erica traded her garish shirt for a tan print and was parading back and forth in front of Coi, asking his opinion. I watched as he nodded his approval, and she stood on her tiptoes to give him a kiss. I ducked my head and finished jamming my things into my new jacket before grabbing a second jacket to take to Coi.
"Hey." I handed Coi the jacket I found. "Try this on."
"We match." He handed me his knife then slid his arms into the soft fabric. "How do I look?"
"It’s warm and waterproof."
He buttoned up the front of the coat and took his knife back, mimicking the same movements I’d done when checking to see if he had the mobility needed to fight. "Thanks, Ol. It’ll work fine."
Coi shifted and glanced back toward the front of the store. "Find what else you need. I’ll grab some stuff. Looks clear in here, but I’d rather not spend any more time than necessary. Think we should find someplace away from the main road to stay tonight."
"I still don’t think we should stay."
"Duly noted. But we’re staying." He brushed past me to finish collecting anything that would help us in our journey.
I collected two clean shirts, one long sleeve, one short, and two pairs of pants. Everything was the same drab green as my coat, but other than a thick layer of dust, they were clean.
"Bliss, you can’t wear those clothes. They’re too bright." The shirts she carried were so bright, we could use them to signal the Guard back at the barrier.
"I can wear them under my coat," she argued.
"It’s a million degrees out there. You can’t walk around with your coat all buttoned up."
Bliss’s mouth turned down in a deep frown. I felt bad. She deserved to have bright clothes; the colors matched her personality, but I had to think of our safety.
"You can keep one, but you can’t wear it. Stuff it in the pack and find a different shirt in a darker color." I hopped up to sit on a low counter and unlaced my boots.
Bliss did the same, a large grin on her face. "I’ve never had anything new before."
I bumped my shoulder to hers. "It’s been a long time."
"Why does she get to keep her clothes, and you told me I had to wear brown?" Erica complained.
"I didn’t tell you what to wear. I suggested you choose plain colors. I’m not your mother. Do what you want." I pulled at my shoelace. "Bliss has hers hidden in our pack. You, however, looked like a bonfire—all lit up." I glanced at Bliss, and she giggled.
Bliss’s smile didn’t waver. "Yeah. I got a brown shirt." She pointed at the shirt she’d just put on.
I raised an eyebrow at Erica. She frowned then grabbed the brightly colored shirt she’d left behind and shoved it in her pack. With a triumphant smile, she headed off to find Coi.
"And no one ever wore these clothes before?" Bliss asked.
"Nope." I laughed.
"This is the best day of my life."
I thought her face was going to crack if her smile got any larger. It was contagious, and I found myself smiling right along. I pulled my boots off and dropped my pants so I could replace my worn pants with a new pair of stiff Khakis. They felt rough against my skin but wonderfully clean. I turned around and looked at myself in a dingy mirror. I was thin, too thin, but the pants fit well and with a belt, they would do fine. I especially liked the pockets on the side. I quickly stuffed the extra clothes into my pack and headed to where Coi had been watching the doors. "I have what I need. You go ahead."
"Your boots are okay?" he asked.
"Yeah. They’re all broken in and no holes, so I think I’m good. Get some clean clothes." I pushed him toward the racks.
Coi stuffed a few random items in his bag before trying on a variety of boots to replace his worn-out ones. Erica sidled up to him and gave her opinion of each pair.
"She really likes him." Bliss came up behind me.
"Yeah. I guess they had plans to get married or something." I turned my back on them and began organizing the new pack I’d found.
"I don’t think it’s a good idea." Bliss continued to watch them.
"He likes her." I gave her a small smile. "A lot."
"Well, no one is getting married anymore anyway." She shrugged.
"That, my dear, is very true."
"Did the Governor really ask you to marry him?" Bliss looked at me with her big, innocent eyes. I didn’t want to ruin her ideals of the world we left behind. She got caught up in this without much forethought to her future.
"It wasn’t so much a proposal as it was a request, then it turned into an order." I tried to explain it as gently as I could.
"He can’t order you to marry him."
"Yeah. He can." I zipped up my pack and slung it over my shoulder.
"Do you think Erica knew?"
I looked up. "She thought she did."
"But she doesn’t?" Bliss asked.
"Not really."
A high pitch scream echoed through the quiet of the store. Bliss and I looked up to see Coi and Erica wrapped up in a tickle fight.
I looked back at Bliss. "It doesn’t matter. It’s in the past. We have to move on and put those feelings behind." I walked past the love birds. "We’d best get out of here if we are going to find somewhere to sleep tonight."
The sun had gone down significantly since we’d gone into the store. As much as I hated it, Coi was right. We were going to have to stay in town tonight.


Chapter 23

We’d been walking for almost an hour without anyone making a definitive decision about where we should spend the night.
"Where do you think we should look?" Coi finally asked.
I’d been waiting for him to ask me. He’d tried so hard to take charge and be "the man" he thought he should, but I knew he wasn’t sure about what to do next, not that I did, either.
"I thought you had this under control. Remember, I’m the one who had us in trees." I couldn’t resist throwing his words back at him.
Coi shot me a nasty look.
I smiled.
"Come on, Ol."
"Well, I guess…hmm?" I stalled.
Coi crossed his arms. Bliss came over to watch the tension build. I hated to waste an opportunity to tease him, especially since it did double duty and also annoyed Erica. I was surprised by how little she actually had to say. I’d always enjoyed long conversations with Coi and had a hard time seeing him entertained with her lack of interest. I glanced over at her and was surprised by the thoughtful expression on her face. Maybe she was a deeper thinker than I gave her credit for.
"I was thinking the building there might be a place to start." I pointed to a multi-floored tower ahead of us. "It has a lot of windows, so we would have the advantage of what little light we have left to do a quick sweep of the place. Find a room to lock ourselves in for the night, in case the Screamers go out looking for whatever they look for." I waited to see who would come up with a reason my idea was stupid, but apparently, they were done arguing about our sleeping quarters for the evening.
"Sounds good to me," chirped Bliss. "I’m getting tired and very hungry. Isn’t it strange there isn’t anyone here? I mean, no one. Everyone in this gigantic city left. To where?" Bliss stood in the middle of the road, spinning around with her arms spread out wide.
I grabbed her around the neck and pulled her into my side. "I agree. I would think we would find at least a pocket of people who thought it would serve them well to stay. Not all the supplies could have been taken. They could have had a good life, so to speak, for a while. But if they don’t want to come and say hello, there isn’t much we can do. Let’s head out." I pulled Bliss along, my arm still draped around her shoulders.
It took twenty minutes to reach a structure which looked like people had once lived there. It ended up being an office building filled with desks, chairs, and file cabinets. The entire structure was made up of mirrored windows that reflected the heat of the day. The lobby area was open and had at one time been filled with foliage and a water feature. It was difficult to tell where the water had come from. It seemed to have been a waterfall with a small pool on the bottom. Either way, it was dry now, and even if there had been water, we wouldn’t have drunk it. Thinking of water made my mouth go dry. I stopped and pulled one of the waters from around my waist. I tilted my head back and took a small drink. If we were staying, I needed to conserve as much as I could. There was no telling when we would make our way back to fresh water—if ever. And making a fire wasn’t an option tonight.
"How far up do you think we need to go?" Coi stood at the doors of the elevator.
Bliss laughed. "That isn’t going to work." Then she turned to me. "It isn’t, is it?"
I shook my head. "No, Bliss, it won’t work. There’s no electricity."
Bliss crinkled her forehead.
"You know, the stuff that makes the lights work?" She should have learned this stuff in her studies. The barrier had older kids teaching the younger ones, but I had to wonder if the older kids didn’t remember what it was, either. Or maybe they felt it wasn’t important to remember something that wasn’t coming back.
"She knows what electricity is," Coi shot back. "You know what it is, don’t you?" He looked at Bliss.
"It’s the stuff that makes the lights work," Bliss repeated what I’d just said.
Coi rolled his eyes and pointed his thumb toward the door marked stairs. "How many flights are you thinking we’ll need to climb?"
"I think four should be good," I said.
Coi pushed open the door to the stairwell and poked his head in. With a wave of his hand, he called us forward. I pulled my knife out of the sheath tied around my leg. Bliss pulled out her smaller knife, pushed a non-knife carrying Erica after me, sandwiching her between us, and followed behind. Coi started up the steps in the lead. The door squeaked as it slowly closed behind us. I side stepped up the first few steps and leaned over to look up to see if there was any movement above.
Nothing.
I stepped up, my foot slipping on the stair and jamming my toes into the next step. I looked down and waited for my eyes to adjust to the dim light. A dark smear sat under my boot. My stomach clenched, and prayed I didn’t throw up. I couldn’t tear my eyes from what could only be the blackness of blood left behind from a casualty of the situation. This sign made it clear we weren’t the only ones alive in the city, or at least weren’t… before. My heart started pumping and my legs refused to move forward. I leaned forward and tried to take deep breaths, but my lungs were tightening and only a small amount of air entering. My vision narrowed, fear a vice across my chest.
Coi turned and grabbed me by my upper arms, steadying me. "Ol. Stay with me. Nothing’s here."
I nodded, but my body wasn’t listening.
Erica came from behind and placed a hand on my back. I turned, surprised by her compassion. "Breathe with me," she said calmly and pulled in an exaggerated breath.
I glanced at Coi, then followed her lead. Slowly, my panic attack lessoned, and after a few painful attempts at getting air into my lungs, I finally was able to fill them and regain some clarity.
"Thank you," I said.
Erica nodded and left us.
"Let me know when you’re ready," Coi squeezed my shoulder.
After a minute, I straightened, testing my shaky legs. "I’m good."
Coi and I tried to keep our footsteps quiet as we moved upward. Erica and Bliss caught on to the movement and followed suit. It didn’t take us very long to get to the fourth floor, and other than dust, we didn’t encounter anything. The door to the fourth floor had a small square window. Coi stood on his toes to look through for any movement or bodies. "All clear."
I was beginning to wonder if we were extremely lucky or this was just the preamble to something horrible. I pushed past Coi and slid through the door, closing it behind me. I wanted to give whatever waited in the shadows a chance to go after me, not them. Coi pushed against the door, trying to open it against my back, but I pushed back, closing it again. I could imagine the sigh he let out. I strained my ears but heard nothing.
I whispered a short prayer, "If today we are lucky and survive, then today I will be thankful."
The stairwell opened up to a large office space. At one time, it looked to have had partitions to separate the workers. Now, they lay across the floor like dominoes fallen over. There were desks, computers, and papers everywhere—but no people or Screamers.
"It looks like it’s clear in this part of the building," I called over my shoulder.
Coi, Bliss, and Erica joined me. "Looks like a good place to stay. A lot of open area. Not much to hide behind, which is good for us to see something coming but doesn’t provide us a hiding place if anything comes." Coi turned around, assessing the situation.
"We can stay near the stairs. Whatever might show up will either come up the stairs or already be in here, so either way, we can ambush them or get the heck out." I added.
"Sounds like a plan. Let’s get an area cleaned up so we can settle in." Coi kicked at the trash on the floor.
The sun set, and within minutes the room was shrouded in a dusty grey. We attempted to move some of the barriers together in order to make a soft surface to lie on; however, unidentifiable smells, rotting fabric, and who knew what else was too much, and I quit.
"Let’s just clean up a section and call it a night," I suggested.
Coi made a grunting noise, which I took as agreement, and started pushing trash to the side.
With my hands on my hips, I watched as Erica found something she could use to get the finer debris away and cleared a spot large enough for two.
I was too tired to care about much of anything. But I couldn’t sleep. "God’s acts keep you between pride and despair (Proverbs 18)," I prayed. I rolled to face away from Erica. I could hear them whispering to each other. I’d already asked for Coi’s safety, and I wanted to ask for his heart to belong to God, but I had a feeling God was going to ask me to sacrifice our friendship in order to get him to give it up.
I tried relaxation exercises and deep breathing in an attempt to clear my head of the millions of thoughts going through, but nothing worked. Finally, I stopped fighting and got up, moving to one of the large windows to look out onto the broken world below.
"Lord," I began. "When will the sins of our fathers be forgiven? We wait patiently for You to refresh the Earth… a restoration."
"He must remain in Heaven until the time comes for God to restore everything (Acts 3:21)." Coi’s voice startled me, more so his scripture.
"I didn’t mean to wake you," I whispered.
Coi shrugged. "Wasn’t sleeping."
"I heard you and Erica talking."
He ran his fingers through his shaggy hair. "She’s trying. She gave up her dreams because of what happened, and she blames you. It’s been tough."
"Didn’t have to be."
"Oli," he moaned and leaned against the windows. "Give her time to mourn the life she thought we’d have."
"This… all this was supposed to happen. I left because I had no other choice. I took you because if I hadn’t, you would have been killed. God knew all this was coming down. He even knew Erica was going to show up." I rubbed my temples. "We just need to catch up."
Coi was quiet for a minute, then tapped the window with one finger. "None of this should have happened." Then leaned his forehead against the window. "We’ve been left with a mess and no way to fix it."
"Seven years. His word tells us the time line before He returns. It’s been more. But God’s time is not ours."
"God’s time." Coi’s dark eyes glistened in the dim light.
"Just because Erica comes along and says I’m selfish and making everything up to get you to leave with me doesn’t mean it’s true. You have to have faith. In God and me. Without faith, we have nothing."
He put his hands on his head and closed his eyes. "Part of God’s plan was that His disciples would suffer for the word, would suffer as they remained on Earth. Oli… if what Erica said was true, did you ever think the Governor asking you to marry him was your way of suffering? That you could have sacrificed yourself to save the rest? That this isn’t where we’re supposed to be?"
"I know if we weren’t supposed to be here, we wouldn’t be. I don’t know if my path will lead me to suffer under the hands of the Governor or spread His word past our barriers, but understand this, I preach for your sake. So when you stand before the Lord, you’ll understand. God gave me the message, and it doesn’t matter how I’m regarded, what words are said about me, if you find hope… if I can spread hope."
"You gave me hope every day. I don’t need God to have hope in you." His voice held so much emotion, and a lump formed in my throat.
"Don’t make this about me. You need to remember, the goal of the evil in this world is to have you put something in the place of Jesus. Don’t put your faith in me to guide you to something better. Look to our Lord for that."
"But He isn’t here." Coi said through clenched teeth. "I don’t believe the scriptures we recite. It’s from before. Those promises have been played out. What’s happening now wasn’t written. Those who honored Him were taken, and we are the unworthy left behind just like the cars and trash in the streets. It doesn’t matter what we do. Our chance of salvation is long gone. We’ve been left to perish for the sins of our fathers and mothers. Who, by the way, deserted us as well, leaving us to cower under the power of the leaders who rise from what’s left. This is all that’s left. Stop wasting your breath in trying to save a soul that’s already been damned to hell." He looked up at me.
"We need to stay steadfast in this world to someday reign with Him in Heaven."
Coi let out a small laugh. "Even after today, even after seeing what the people did to their town. The havoc that obviously came through. The blood on the stairs. You can’t keep your head buried in the sand pretending the evil isn’t amongst us." Coi’s words were quiet but harsh. "Oli, you were attacked by giant rat creatures and infected people. How can you keep quoting scriptures? How can you not see? We are in hell. Heaven is out of our reach."
I took a deep breath. "God promised a blessing to those who read His book and obeyed its message."
Coi made a sound deep in his throat. "The Governor told us the same thing."
"The Governor is a false prophet. He distorted what he may have known as the truth in order to get us to follow him."
Coi rubbed his face. "And are you doing the same?"
"No." I shook my head. "No! I believe with all my heart we are supposed to be on this path. You don’t have to understand it, and I can’t explain it. I just know. God has a plan. He put us in the barrier. He kept us safe while the rest of the world was being tested. Tested to see if they could stop believing in themselves and look to God. If they’d turned their eyes to Him, maybe He’d take mercy on us. But things changed, and it was time to go. I need to trust God will provide for us once we get there."
"There?"
I stared at him.
"You know where we’re going?"
"No, but I trust the path."
"We’re on a wild goose chase," he said almost to himself.
"I told you I had a map."
"Yeah, a map telling us nothing." Coi ran a hand over his hair.
"I have to believe we’ll be provided for."
Coi laughed. "Yeah, you have to believe."
"Don’t give up hope."
Coi yawned. "Good night, Oli."


Chapter 24

"Come on, Bliss. Time to get moving." I nudged her with my foot for the second time.
Coi and Erica emptied all our gear onto the floor and spread it out, categorizing it into piles: food, clothes, garbage, and miscellaneous stuff we wanted to keep even though it didn’t have a purpose. Our food was running low, and my meager addition to the stock pile after the store adventure wasn’t enough to make me feel confident we wouldn’t starve soon. I kept trying to get Coi to trust in our journey, and questioning whether we were going to die a slow death of malnutrition probably wasn’t the best example of faith.
A bleary-eyed Bliss came up beside us to assess our belongings. "Seems like there’s more when it’s all shoved into a bag."
"Yes, it does." Coi rubbed his chin.
"We’ll be fine. I’m sure there’s food out there; we just need to find it." I tried to be positive.
"That worked so well before," Erica muttered and bent over to shove everything back in the bag.
I thought about responding but Erica had shown me a side of her that wasn’t all barbs and sharp edges, and I felt I needed to give her grace. Coi was right. She needed time to adjust to her new reality.
Bliss started to say something, I’d assumed it was in my defense, so I touched her arm and shook my head slightly.
Her stomach grumbled, and I gave her a small smile.
"We’ll find something to eat on the way back to our other packs." At least, I hoped we would.
Bliss blinked up at me. "Why do you let her talk to you like that?"
"It wouldn’t do any good to say anything." I glanced back at Erica. "She’s mad. None of this is what she wanted, and it’ll take time to adjust. She’s scared."
"I’m scared. We’re all scared. But I don’t say mean things all the time." Bliss crossed her arms. "She said the Guard is looking for us. She says they’ll find us, and she’ll be able to go back."
That was a disturbing thought. "She said that?"
"Yes. And she said the Governor won’t let you run away. It makes him look weak, and they’re coming for us."
"We’ll be okay." I tried to lighten the mood with a laugh but it came out weak. "She’s been nice to me lately. I don’t think she blames me anymore."
Bliss crinkled up her nose, obviously not agreeing. "Yeah, I’m pretty sure she does."
I sighed. "Thanks, Bliss."
"Maybe we can give her back to the Guard as a trade?" Bliss’s voice was full of hope.
I placed my hand on her shoulder. "It doesn’t matter. Erica’s right. They should go back. It was wrong of me to bring you all out here. If the Guard comes, I want you to go back with them."
Bliss opened her mouth to argue, but I held up my finger to stop her. "It’s okay. Don’t worry. Right now, we need to get out of here and continue our journey. If the Guard is looking for us, well, if they find us, we’ll figure it out from there."
Packed up and ready, we headed back down the stairs. Everything looked the same as it had when we came in the night before, which was a relief. I wasn’t sure how much lurking the Screamers would do in the confines of the town. At the barrier, they seemed to like to hover around the people. There weren’t any people, at least not anymore, so would there be any Screamers? These were questions I didn’t really want to figure out.
"Other than the store, we haven’t seen much. Let’s head back for our stuff, and then get through town and see what’s on the other side." Coi rubbed his hands together, hitched the pack up on his back, and started walking.
Bliss and I followed behind, watching as Erica threaded her fingers through Coi’s hand, a bounce in her step. Yesterday, we experienced something close to excitement, or at least anticipation of what was ahead. Now, all but Erica walked in silence, our emotions more subdued. It looked like there was no one inhabiting this town, or if they were, they weren’t willing to show themselves. A community filled to the brim with activity was now silent, except for the wind blowing through the empty streets.
"Do you think we’re being watched?" Bliss whispered. "I kind of have this weird feeling."
I looked around at the buildings surrounding us. They were really tall. Multiple stories, the walls covered in dingy windows. "I don’t know." I wished I could have told her ‘of course not,’ but I had no way of knowing if we were alone. The blood on the stairs was somewhat fresh and it concerned me.
Coi held a fist in the air in the universal symbol of stop, and squatted down, listening.
I moved beside him. "What?" I mouthed.
He shook his head as Erica stepped on some broken glass, filling the silence with loud crunching. Coi shot her a look that was totally lost on her as she continued to crunch her way over to us.
I put my arm around Bliss and held her close. Coi lifted a finger to shush us, but by now, he didn’t need to.
The threat was clear.
A group of Screamers had been trapped by the morning sun. Shifting and shuffling, they were in a sort of rotation under a thin awning.
"What are they doing?" Bliss asked.
"Looks like they’re trying to stay out of the sun but don’t quite fit." Coi raised an eyebrow at me. "Do you find it weird they’re all together?"
"They’re in groups at the barrier, but not usually all squashed together," I whispered back.
"I think they want in the building," Bliss added.
I leaned back and looked at her. Interesting thought. They did look like they were trying to get into the building, shifting from front to back as they attempted to get through the door.
"What do think is in there?" Erica questioned.
"No idea." Coi shifted a little closer.
I reached out and pulled him back. "It doesn’t matter. Just let them be. We don’t need to risk getting their attention."
"What if someone’s in there? Trapped?" Bliss moved in the same direction I’d just stopped Coi from going.
"We can’t risk going in there," Erica shrieked.
"Someone had been in the stairwell. Could be someone in there. But, it isn’t like they’re trapped in a little room. That’s a big building. If it is a person, they could be long gone, and the Screamers just can’t process that. We need to keep moving." I reached back and grabbed my braid, pulling it over my shoulder and nervously ran my finger over the leather tie.
"I think we should check it out." Coi turned and looked down at me. "We have to help anyone trapped in there. I can’t walk away." His eyes narrowed. "You can’t walk away. Aren’t you the one sent out to save the world?"
I scowled at his knack for throwing my words back at me. "What’s the plan then?"
"No. We can’t. There is a bunch of monsters outside the door. There is no way we can get in." Erica was in the midst of a panic attack and was breathing in short gasps.
"Okay. She’s kind of right. Let’s think about this for a minute."
Coi groaned.
"Oh, Ol, Ol—" Bliss grabbed at my arm. "L-l-look," she stuttered.
I followed her arm to where she was pointing. At first, all I could see was the dark window and the glare of the sun, but then a shadow moved past the window.
"Oh my gosh, she’s right. There’s something up there."
Erica shook her head, repeating, "No, no, no."
Coi squinted and looked to where I was now pointing. "Where?"
"See. There. Watch by that window. Someone is walking around," Bliss and I said over the top of each other.
"It’s one of them. You can’t tell if it’s not," Erica piped in.
I glanced back at her. "Watch it move. It doesn’t jerk around like they do. Look." I pointed to a side window. "There’s another. Look at how quick they’re moving. It’s quick and smooth."
Coi put his hand up to shade his eyes, and Erica now hung onto his bicep, pleading with him to keep moving, to forget about whoever was up there.
"I’ll go in." I dropped my pack and pulled out my knife. "There’s a ladder on the side of the building. I should be able to out run them, climb it, and make my way into a window."
"No. Absolutely not," Coi said.
"You stay here and watch the girls." I started walking toward the side of the building but only got a few steps before Coi grabbed my arm.
"You think you’re invincible. Your God gave you some armor to protect you from everything."
I tried to pull my arm from his grasp, but he held tight. "He isn’t my God. Let go."
"No. I’m not letting you go in there by yourself."
"We can’t leave those two out here by themselves, especially if the Screamers figure out they’re standing across the street. Who’s going to help them? Erica is useless, and Bliss is too tiny to do much more than stab them in the shin."
Coi tried to hide a smile. "It isn’t like I’m going to send one in with you, so what do we do?"
"I have to go in alone. I have more experience at working my way through buildings."
"I was trained to be in the Guard. I know how to take them down." Coi let my arm go and puffed up his chest.
"Give me a break. The Screamers at the barrier are so weak it isn’t like you had to learn much more than how to blow really hard and knock them over."
"You know it wasn’t like that and—"
I put up my hand, cutting him off. "It isn’t Screamers. Look." I pointed back up to the window just as the sun caught the glint of metal. Whoever, whatever, was in the window had something that looked like a sword.
"That doesn’t make me feel any better." Coi rubbed his forehead. "I’m beginning to think they don’t need rescuing."
"I’m wondering the same thing." I looked over at him. "Think we should all go in then?"
"Yeah. I think we’re better in numbers." Coi glanced back to where Bliss and Erica were standing. "Even if one of them isn’t very helpful." He smiled, and I couldn’t help but smile back.
I followed Coi back to where we’d left them. "Okay, we’re all going in."
"What? No!" Erica said.
I crossed my arms over my chest and stood back to watch Coi tackle this problem. He looked to me for help, but I raised my eyebrows, letting him know she was his girl and he needed to figure it out.
Coi grasped Erica’s shoulders and leaned in, looking into her eyes. "Look. I don’t feel comfortable leaving anyone out here without protection, and I also don’t feel comfortable having Oli going in without someone to back her up, so that means our only option is to go in together," Coi explained.
"Or we can walk away," Erica argued.
"We can’t just leave them," Bliss joined in.
"We don’t even know if they need help. Maybe they ran in there and are waiting it out, and then we go barging in, and then we’re stuck until dark. And what if they aren’t friendly and kick us out into the Screamers? Then what?" Erica took a long breathe after her rant.
I decided remaining quiet during this conversation was my best option, but this discussion wasn’t getting us anywhere. "Let’s get it over with. Bliss, make sure you have your knife. Erica, make sure you have whatever it is you call a weapon. Stay close and be quick about getting up the ladder." I crouched down and ran across the street to where the ladder was hanging off the side of the building. I didn’t climb up. I knew either Coi or I would need to be the last one up. "Come on." I waved them my way.
So far, the group at the front door seemed oblivious to our squabbling, but it would only take a second for them to switch their focus. Bliss headed my way, her boots scratching along the pavement. I cringed at the noise and was relieved to push her up the ladder before she drew attention. Coi was arguing with Erica, pulling at her arm to drag her my way, then losing his grip when she jerked back. I wasn’t sure how to help. Things would be much easier if she ran back to the barrier. A quick stab of guilt shot threw me, and I said a quick prayer for forgiveness.
Coi took a step to grab her again just as an arrow whooshed by his shoulder. Erica’s eyes got huge, and Coi dropped to a knee. I jerked away from the ladder, causing it to clang against the building. The group of Screamers froze before turning and heading my way. "Climb, Bliss," I yelled. "Get higher." My stomach dropped when I recognized the three men at the corner, slightly hidden behind a broken down car.
"It’s the Guard!" I yelled.
Bliss yelled at me to follow her, and I yelled for Coi to run, but we were in a bubble of confusion, and no one was moving except the Guard. I watched in complete shock as they fitted the next arrow into the bow and pulled back the wire. The world was moving in slow motion and without thinking, I left Bliss hanging off the side of the building on a rusted ladder, and I took off at a run. I knew I couldn’t save her from the arrow, but I had to try. I made it across the street and lunged toward Erica, who stood frozen, screaming.
"Stop. I’m the one who told you where we were!" She waved her hands in the air. "I brought you here. You’re supposed to take us back. Don’t shoot."
I heard her words as if they were flowing through honey. My heart sank. A million thoughts ran through my mind in the short distance I moved. She betrayed us. Coi was shot. We were going back… my body yearned to stop, fall to the ground, and cry out to God, to question why I was sent out just to be brought back, but it was too late to stop, and I slid into Erica. I caught her at the knees, pushing her out of the way of the first arrow but into the path of an arrow meant for Coi. The glint of metal hit her just left of her chest. The sound of it penetrating the flesh, the sickening sound of sucking as her lung collapsed and stole the air from her. The instant smell of blood that had the Screamers changing their focus to us. Erica was lying under me, completely still except for the whispers coming from her barely moving lips. "I’m sorry, Oli. I’m so sorry. I left them a trail. The Governor told me we’d be safe. He just wanted you."
I lay next to her, caressing her cheek as the light in her eyes began to fade. "It’s okay. We’re going to get out of here. Don’t worry," I said over and over trying to convince myself. My confidence in the situation fading fast. With a sharp pain, someone pressed a knee into my back, then flipped me over, binding my hands in front of me with a rough rope before yanking me to my feet. I wanted to fight, but the events of the past few minutes left me wondering if it would be easier just to give up. I looked around at my surroundings and saw my future slipping away. Coi was shot, Erica lay dying, and Bliss… poor Bliss was on her own. "God please stay with me," I prayed. "Please tell me what to do."
"Shoot her," ordered the man holding me.
"The Governor wants her back. I’m not taking his wrath if we show up without her." I didn’t know these members of the Guard. They were familiar, but I’d never talked with them before. Begging them for my freedom would land on deaf ears, especially since the first words spoken were to shoot me.
"Not her." Ryan pointed at me then Erica. "Her job is done. Make sure she doesn’t get up."
Her job was done? The chaos around me had my head spinning. I couldn’t believe she trusted the Governor. My eyes widened at the thought.
"Yeah, she traded you for Coi’s life." Ben laughed. "What about Coi?"
"The Governor already signed his death warrant. Get rid of him." Ryan stepped up beside Ben.
"Run, Coi. Go!" I yelled and got hit in the side of the head with something hard. Stars swam behind my eyes. My already muddled thoughts froze in time, and I watched the happenings around me in a blur. Slowly, my world came back into focus, my vision finally cleared. My head throbbed, and a warm trail of moisture trickled its way down my temple. I blinked, the weight of my eyelids almost too much for me to lift. I looked up just as Coi dove behind a broken-down car, the arrow pinging off the side. Ben pushed me in front of him, using me as a human shield while the Screamers left the safety of the awning and came toward us.
"Ryan!" he yelled. "The Screamers… they’re heading this way." He pulled me back a step. "Why?" His words came in choppy bursts.
I knew what he was asking. I’d asked the same thing when I encountered them in the store. Why were they coming into the sun? The small horde seemed unaffected by the light. Their skin sizzled in the sun, but it didn’t stop their advance. The smell of rotting, cooking flesh made me gag.
I kicked my legs out in a futile attempt to keep the Screamers from coming too close. Bliss’s screams from the fire escape echoed in my ears until suddenly, they stopped. I craned my neck, trying to see where she was, but she’d disappeared.
"Bliss!" I yelled. "Run!" I kicked behind me, hoping to take my captor down at the knees.
"Did you get him?" Ben was pushing and pulling my torso in an attempt to keep a barrier between him and the onslaught of Screamers.
"Not yet," someone yelled.
"Stop. Stop fighting me." He yanked me backward.
I tripped over my feet, and we almost went down. He shoved me to the side as the first Screamer lurched. Taking his bow, he hit the Screamer across the face. It went down, tripping a few followers, but the group, which had grown during my struggle, was still coming. Ben swung again and again at the onslaught. Their skin slid off, leaving exposed bone but not deterring them from their mission to get to us. My arms ached at the pressure of Ben’s grasp. My leg squished into the stomach of one of them, getting caught so I was left hopping on one foot trying to avoid falling. If I went down, I knew I would be dead. I pulled, finally releasing its grasp, but before I could get my foot securely under me, I was being pulled away from the building and my companions. Erica had disappeared. My heart ached. We may not have been friends but the thought of her being torn apart… my knees gave out and Ben struggled to keep me going. The speed and agility of the Screamers was a surprise to the Guard, and they were greatly outnumbered. They couldn’t keep me safe, and with my hands restrained, I couldn’t keep anyone safe, either, including myself.
"You can’t leave them. Don’t leave them out here. I’ll go, but don’t leave them behind," I pleaded.
"You’re who we came for." He pushed me, causing me to stumble again, but he pulled up and righted me before I could go completely down.
"You can’t leave them here." I tugged against him again, pleading, tears running down my cheeks as I fell to my knees. "I’m begging you. Please." I fell forward, my forehead touching the ground as I wailed over and over to please help my friends. Somewhere above me, I could hear Ben fighting off the Screamers who continued to come at us. The yells of the Guard were coming closer, but all my energy had been taken from me. Ben lifted my wrists, threaded a rope through the bindings, and began to drag me across the ground like a dog on a leash. "They’ll die out here," I mumbled through the pain of my shoulders being pulled.
Through the dust and my tears, I saw the outline of someone running toward the ladder. They were limping. I saw Coi sprinting toward the ladder.
With a swift jump, he grabbed the bottom rung and pulled himself up.
"Run," I said more to myself than anyone else.
"Don’t leave them? Now you tell him to run? Make up your mind." Ben snorted, pulling me behind a building to shield us from the advancing Screamers.
I jerked my hands in a sign of defiance.
"Bringing Coi back was never an option. You know that better than anyone else, Oli. You put that nail in his coffin when you told the Governor no."
I turned, pushed up onto my knees, and faced my captor in a weak attempt at begging. Ben had a bone to pick with me after our escape from the barrier, and whether he took the others or not, I had a feeling I wasn’t going to arrive back at the barrier without a few bruises. "Please."
"Keep moving. You got me into trouble the first time I lost you. I’m not losing you again." Ben looked around the corner, then pulled me to my feet and shoved me toward a nearby car.
Ryan and the other two men took off after Coi, taking out the Screamers along the way. They each carried an ax-like tool and took heads off with one quick swipe. Maybe Coi had been trained better than I’d thought. Another of the Guard had dragged Erica from under the car; her body lifeless. There were only one or two Screamers left, and no new ones had heard the commotion and come to join the frenzy. My chance of escape was quickly disappearing. I almost laughed at the thought that I saw the Screamers as my ally instead of my enemy.
"Leave him. The Screamers will get him eventually." I tried to talk calmly, but my anxiety of my future was causing my voice to shake. "Please God, let Coi find Bliss. Let him take care of her," I mumbled to myself.
"Your God can’t save you. Nothing can save you from your fate—" Ben’s sentence was cut off as he fell to the side, pulling my arms with him. I struggled to untangle myself from him, my breath coming out in short bursts as I fought to get free before whatever knocked him out came after me. Adrenaline shot through my veins at my second chance. "Thank you, thank you, thank you," I said as I kicked Ben off my legs and pulled the rope from my tied hands.
I was so focused on my escape, I wasn’t paying attention to my surroundings. All I could see was myself running across the street, climbing up the ladder, and reconciling with Coi and Bliss—and nothing was going to stop me. Slowly, I became aware of the noises surrounding me. It wasn’t the shuffling sound of the dead’s feet, but instead, heavy footsteps and grunting. I rolled up onto my knees, my hands still bound, and was knocked back down almost as fast as I got up. My side burned with the contact of what I could only imagine was a boot. I cringed, opening my eyes to see what seemed like feet kicking up dirt and dust until my eyes were filled with the grit. The feet before me varied from worn boots to decaying flesh. Who exactly was my enemy? I wiped at my eyes with the sleeve of my shirt and cringed as I touched the bruise from my earlier wound. A smear of red formed on the sleeve of my new coat, and I shrunk a bit at the thought my new clothes had been marred by blood already.
With clenched teeth, I inch wormed away from the chaos, my eyes focused on a car a few feet away. If I could just get under that car, I knew I would be safe until Coi and Bliss returned. My soul hurt over the loss of Erica. We had found a common ground, and even if she sold me out, she didn’t deserve to die. I’d almost made it to the shelter of the car when strong arms picked me up like a sack of potatoes and flung me over their shoulder.
The pressure on my stomach after the blow to my side made me gag and finally throw up. The fight had left me and with a sob, I fell quiet against the strong arms holding me captive. All I could do was trust the words I told Coi only hours before. God knew this plan long before it ever transpired. I had to trust it was a plan to let me and my friends live. I opened my eyes and focused on the only thing I could see: the baggy back pockets of someone’s pants.


Chapter 25

My head hit the wall with a thud when my captor threw me down. Disoriented from the battle I’d just been through, throwing up, and being carried upside down, now I was rammed into a wall. I sat and waited for the stars behind my eyes to clear while chaos erupted around me. Erica was dragged across the floor by one arm and dropped next to Coi, who was sprawled in the middle of the room, unconscious and surrounded by a group of men all yelling at the same time.
"He’s behind the car."
"Get that one."
"He’s out of range."
All their words were a jumble of confusion.
Bliss was nowhere to be seen, which I prayed was a good thing.
More men came in, slamming the door behind them and moving to a row of windows along the wall. They were holding various weapons but nothing I thought could help keep the Guard away, at least not from the height of the room we were in. I pulled in deep breaths and tried to clear my head, wiping the blood and grime from my eyes again. Then I tried to free myself from the bindings around my wrists, but they seemed to tighten the more I fought against them. Coi lay in front of me, his body was so still, I feared he was dead, and Erica had a large red spot growing across her chest from where an arrow protruded. I began to crawl toward her.
One of the men put a long metal pole sharpened to a point in my way. "Stay," he said.
"She’s been shot."
His gaze darted to where Erica lay then back at me, but he didn’t move the pole.
"I have to help her," I whispered, afraid I would be the next one laying on the floor.
He raised an eyebrow. He was older, older than anyone at the barrier. I took a chance and looked at the rest of the group. They were dressed similar, in jeans and plaid shirts. Each had heavy work boots, which looked like they’d seen many a Screamer’s rotting flesh. They had hair similar to Coi’s in that it was tied back with a leather thong and jet black. The man I’d been talking to had bright blue eyes that froze me in my place.
"You can help her?" His voice was deep and smooth with a light accent. His expression softened a bit.
"I can try." I shifted around the spear, closer to Erica, testing if he would stop me.
"You a doctor?" He didn’t make a move, so I continued to scoot across the floor until I was by her side. I placed my hands on her chest to check for breathing. Blood was seeping from her mouth, and I knew she was in trouble.
"Are you a doctor?" he asked again, pounding his pole on the ground, making me jump.
"Can you untie me? I can’t help her tied like this."
"Are you a doctor?" he said again.
I shook my head. "No."
He made a disappointed sound in his throat. "Then you will remain bound." He turned to walk back to the window. The group muttered to each other, but I wasn’t concerned with what they were saying. I was more interested in checking on Coi and Erica.
"Why are they after you?" Another man moved to intercept my path. I tried to keep my face from reacting. He’d been handsome once. His complexion was dark from time in the sun. His frame was big but not overpowering. But most of all, his eyes, almost amber in color, showed that he hadn’t been completely hardened by this new world. However, only one side of his face held the memories of a better life. The skin around his eye, down his cheek and ending at the corner his mouth and chin had been melted into a waxy mess. The one side of his mouth was in a permanent scowl, fighting with the other side as it tried to express curiosity over our situation.
"I don’t know." I kept my eyes on Coi, avoiding staring at him.
"Why?" He moved in closer so I had a good view of his knees.
"I don’t know," I repeated with more venom in my tone.
"Matty, find out where they’re from," the first man called over his shoulder while still focusing on the Guard, who was apparently not giving up the fight to recover me.
Matty’s glance moved from me to the other man. He frowned then redirected his attention back to me. "We’ve been tracking those jokers for days, and they have done little to cause trouble, until they spotted you. What do they want with you?"
My hands hovered halfway between the man called Matty and Coi. I needed to touch Coi, to feel the warmth of his cheek to know he was still with me.
The first man stomped back over and kicked my hands away from Coi.
"Brig," Matty snapped at him.
I jumped back. "Please let me check him."
"Why are they after you?"
"Did you…?" My words caught in my throat. "Did you kill them?" I may not have especially liked Ben, but I didn’t want him dead. I just wanted him to leave me alone.
Brig narrow his gaze. "Why are you worth the risk of coming into the city?"
"I’m not. I don’t know who they are," I said stronger. "Please let me help him."
"Why? You said you weren’t a doctor." His eyebrows drew together. "What can you do?"
"He’s my friend."
"That isn’t what I asked. What can you do for him?"
An older man by the window, who apparently was in charge, yelled, "Brig, get back over here. We need you to shoot at them to keep them from coming too close to the building. I want to figure out what’s going on before we negotiate."
My eyes got huge. My heart was in my throat. "Negotiate?" I whispered. "You’re giving us to them?"
"If you don’t know them, why would they want you?" Brig asked.
"Because they want to kill us," I said snottily
"How do you know? Maybe they wanted to chit chat."
I glanced at my friends then back at him. "I think it’s obvious."
"They aren’t from here. This is our territory. If anyone wanted to kill you, it should be us, not them. They have no stake here." He narrowed his gaze. "Unless they came specifically to retrieve you."
I couldn’t look at him. I was a terrible liar.
"Brig!" the man at the window yelled. Brig made a huffing noise and walked to the window.
"Why are they coming after you?" Matty whispered. "Where did you come from?"
"Please," I begged. "Let me help my friend."
"Matty," the man barked.
Matty’s eyes locked with mine. The amber color made me want to stare back, to challenge him, but they also unnerved me with their intensity. Before I could plead my case again, he swung a bow from his shoulder and walked to the window with two long strides. I took the opportunity to scoot to Coi’s side and almost burst into tears of relief when I felt his soft breath against my bound hands. I kept an eye on Matty’s back while I carefully touched the arrow sticking out of Coi’s leg. As far as I could tell, it was the only damage done to him. There was a bit of blood tricking from his mouth, but I was going to attribute it to his cough and not internal injuries. I glanced back to Erica. She hadn’t been as lucky. The group was preoccupied with Matty and a large mechanical contraption he was currently loading an arrow into. Not taking my eyes off the group, I shifted to check on Erica. Her breathing was shallow, and she was losing a lot of blood.
The shwoop sound of the arrow being shot out the window made me jump. Brig turned, saw I had moved from where I was, and took two quick steps before he reached down, grabbed a handful of my hair, and pulled me away from my friends once more.
I screamed and tried to raise my hands to alleviate the pain. "Stop," I cried. "I don’t know anything."
"Tell me why you think you can help them. Tell me where you came from, and maybe I’ll let you," He waved a hand in their direction, "help them."
I took a breath and tried to calm my shaking. My eyes watered as pins and needles crossed my skull, each strand of hair complaining of the tension put on it. I chastised myself for my weakness. I didn’t want him to know I was scared. Scared of the fate I brought to my friends, and afraid of the fate awaiting me. "We used to live where they’re from." My words rushed out, and I cringed as I realized my tone made it more of a question than a statement. I hoped he hadn’t noticed.
He released his hold, toppling me forward to the floor. "What?" He shook his head, confused. "Is this a game show?" He ran a hand over his mouth.
"What?" Now it was my turn to be confused.
"Are you asking me a question, like a game show? Now I have to answer a, b, or c for a chance at a million dollars. Twenty questions and I’ll finally get to the answer?" He stared at me, waiting for a response, but I wasn’t sure what I was supposed to say. I didn’t know what a game show was.
"No?" I reached out to comfort Coi again, but he adjusted his position to stand between us. "Let me help him," I whispered.
"Where, exactly, did you come from? Stop playing games, or you’re going to sit here and watch him die."
"C’mon, Brig. Let her tend to him." Matty left the window and stepped between us.
Brig snorted and pointed his chin in the direction of the window. "If the men down there trying to shoot you are from your home, maybe we should invite them up. Have a discussion over why they’ve been looking for you. Maybe ask what you did to make them want to risk their lives coming into a town full of Rotters to find you." He bent over and put a finger in my face. "All your friends here seem to have been injured, but not one arrow came your way. Why is that? What might they be willing to give us for your return?"
Something broke inside me, a sob escaped and tears flowed down my cheeks. I sniffed as snot filled my nose, and I swiped at my face in an attempt to pull myself together. This was not how it was supposed to go. I’d risked everything to keep Coi safe, and now he may be dying on the floor in front of me while these jerks were threatening to give me back to the very people I ran from.
"It’s okay." Matty leaned down and touched my shoulder. "We aren’t going to hurt you."
"No, we’ll let the other guys do that," Brig said.
"Brig," Matty snapped
I sniffed and ran my sleeve over my face again. "They’re coming to get us because we left the barrier where we lived."
"Why do they care?" Brig snarled.
"Brig," Matty warned.
"Because it’s against the rules," I snapped. "Because we aren’t allowed to leave." I paused. "Ever."
Brig kneeled beside me and rubbed his chin like he was thinking. "Hmm. Against the rules. Then answer me this… Why? What don’t they want you telling us? What resources are you hiding?"
"Nothing. We have nothing." The words were barely audible. I couldn’t go back. The Governor would never let me be unsupervised. I would never get out again.
He waved his hand toward where Coi and Erica lay. "Doesn’t seem like they cared all of you broke the rules. Just the ones laying there bleeding out."
"Knock it off, Brig." Matty grabbed my hands, slid a knife through the binding and pushed me toward Coi. "Take care of him."
"If she’s worth something, we need to trade her. Sounds like they have something they don’t want us to know about." Brig looked down at me. "Sounds like they have something they don’t want anyone to know about."
"They don’t have anything." I pulled Coi so his head was resting on my lap, then glanced around at the group watching me. "It’s just a bunch of kids living in an old dried up field."
"How many live there?" Matty asked.
"Why is he unconscious?" I looked from Matty to Brig.
"Because we hit him in the head," Brig said.
I moved my hands behind his head, lightly touching a large lump. I felt the warm, stickiness of blood, and when I pulled my hands away, they were coated in a dark crimson.
"Why did you hit him so hard?" I’d left any medical supplies I had in the original packs, so other than looking at the wounds, I wasn’t much help.
"He wasn’t cooperating, and hanging out waiting for the Rotters or your friends to come in while discussing his surrender wasn’t on my to-do list today." Just as Brig finished his sentence, there was a mass of banging and yelling coming from outside the door. Everyone snapped to attention and readied themselves for a fight. The door swung open and another man stood in the doorway holding a flailing Bliss by the hair. With a shove, he pushed her into the room.
"Bliss." I crawled over Coi and hugged her.
"Oli, I thought you were dead." She clung to me, making it hard to breath.
"Bliss and Oli? It’s like a freaking circus act." Brig walked out of the room, shaking his head.
"I tried to run, but the Screamers and then…" Bliss started.
With the commotion over and Brig gone, the men turned to look back out the window.
"Are they still out there, Oli? Is Ben still there?"
My hand slapped against her mouth, shutting down her list of questions.
Bliss pulled back, taking in a shocked breath when she finally noticed Coi and Erica on the floor.
"He was shot with an arrow, and then bashed in the head." I glared at Matty, who at least had the manners to look a bit ashamed.
Bliss climbed over to Erica and did the same useless movements I had; feeling her face, touching the wound.
"Oli? Is she going to die? There’s so much blood." Bliss cried. "Help her."
"I’m sorry. I can’t," I whispered. The pool of dark blood had stopped growing, her rasping breathing had calmed. The other men seemed unconcerned while Matty remained, watching.
Bliss’s cheeks were covered in tears. She climbed back over to Coi. "Is he going to die?" Her expression and frantic rocking back and forth made me think she was losing it. I crawled to her and tried to pull her in my arms again, but she pushed me away. "Make them better." She swatted at me.
"Bliss. How? I don’t know how."
"You do!" she yelled. "You saved them once. Save them again."
"I broke out of a basement, not brought them back from the dead."
"You have to." She was completely losing it.
I grabbed her by the shoulders. "Calm down, Bliss. Take a deep breath." I wanted to scream at her, to tell her I didn’t have any way of saving them.
"You saved Coi’s life once, now you have to save Erica. Ask God to do it." Her words knocked me over. Then she shoved me, toppling me over on my side.
"Ask God. It’s His fault we’re out here. If He’s such a great God, then ask Him, Ol."
I righted myself and stared at her broken spirit. "Bliss, no." My voice was barely a whisper, and I shook my head. I didn’t know what to do. Bliss was sobbing for me to heal them, and the men left in the room had turned around to watch the show.
"Ask Him." She punched me again.
The men stepped closer, circling us to watch the drama unfold.
I glanced around, then lowered my voice. "I can’t. It doesn’t work like that. You can’t turn your face from God and then ask for help when it’s convenient for you."
"You’ve been doing everything He asked you," Bliss argued. "Ask Him."
"But, I’m not the one hurt."
Bliss sobbed. "You can’t let them die. You can’t let them die. You told me once that when my weakness is exemplified, it’s God’s strength I should look to. That the faithful should ask for help." She paused then raised her hands in the air and tipped her head back. "Oh, God, please help them!" she wailed.
I looked up at our captors… rescuers… I didn’t know what they were, but I hoped they could help me. All I got was amused expressions, obviously enjoying the slow journey to insanity Bliss was on.
"Do you have any medical people?" I asked.
"Sounds like you’re one," a man who had remained silent through it all finally said.
I looked around the room, then down at Erica’s still body. Her chest was barely moving. It was only a matter of time before she stopped breathing. There was so much blood. I glanced over at Coi. His leg had stopped bleeding. I would need to remove the arrow, but other than being unconscious from the knock in the head, he seemed okay.
I glared at Bliss and her over the top show of praying, then back at my audience.
"I can’t," I said again.
Bliss just got louder.
I lowered my head and closed my eyes. God, help me out here. Help me do Your will. I finished my silent prayer and sat back to wait.
Nothing.
Bliss’s crazy praying continued while the men around me continued to stare, and all I could do was wait.
Go to her.
"Help me show Your power, Lord," I said to myself and moved to sit next to Erica.
Lay your hands on her. Show them your faith. Tell them of me. Give me the glory.
I placed a hand on her cheek. It was clammy and cool to the touch, her body still. Blood had been trickling from the corner of her mouth but now only a sticky smudge was left. "I can’t do it alone," I started to say and then stopped.
Lay over her. The small, soft voice floated over me. My head jerked up, and I looked at my companions, but no one had moved. The man named Brig had reappeared in the doorway to observe. Lay over her, it said again. Carefully, I leaned over Erica, and resting my chest against hers, I wrapped my arms around her and pulled her into my lap. Her chest wasn’t moving below me. She smelled of blood. The swampy smell of the river still hung onto her hair, reminding me of all we’d been through since this started. Erica and I had a rough relationship, but she was trying; she apologized in her last minutes with me for leading the guard to us. If there was a chance to help her, to get the others to believe by helping her, then I was going to do it. I pulled her closer and prayed, my lips brushing against her cheek as I asked for forgiveness for my doubts and my lack of faith along the way. "Please don’t punish my friends for my weakness," I whispered. Erica jerked below me, then she coughed. It was soft at first, but when her body lurched and jerked, coughing louder, the men muttered amongst themselves. I placed her carefully on the floor and scooted away. The group moved back, swearing under their breath, as her chest rose and fell with deep breaths. Erica moaned, and her eyes fluttered.
Bliss threw her small body at me, knocking me to the side. "You did it. You did it, Oli."
I shook my head. "No, Bliss. I didn’t." And I hadn’t. I needed to thank God for proving His presence, to give the glory where it was deserved, but His presence wasn’t what was seen in this dirty room. Instead, this group witnessed a girl who was able to heal. The story of Peter and John so happily sharing the gospel after healing a man and promptly were put in jail raced through my mind. Not to mention, Jesus healing the man with crippled hands being the first mark against Him on His way to the cross. I shuddered. Had I just nailed the first nail in my coffin? Even if I gave the glory to God, if I admitted He had extended the gift to me, was I doomed? I was a coward for not proudly proclaiming His power, but fear for my friend’s lives and mine had crippled me on my journey. I was beginning to see why having them with me might not have been part of the original plan.
Brig stepped up and bent over to take a closer look at Erica, who now simply looked like she was sleeping. The color returned to her cheeks. "Grab ‘em and let’s get out of here."
"We can’t…" Matty started, but Brig shut him down.
"Get them out of here. We’ll take them to the encampment at the Hilton. They have an infirmary." Brig’s voice was flat, and his eyes hadn’t left Erica, until a man moved forward and scooped her up.
Matty stepped back to give them room, then looked to Bliss and I. "You two, come with me."
"We have to go with them," Bliss said like it was ridiculous to think differently.
Matty’s eyes narrowed at her sudden directness.
"Please." I touched Bliss lightly, hoping to quiet her then looked to Matty. "Calm down."
Matty’s gaze followed two men who had flung Coi and Erica over their shoulders. "Is it clear?" he asked Brig, who’d remained behind. "I think that last arrow chased them away for the time being." He nailed me with a hard stare. "Will more be coming? Will they go back and get reinforcements?"
"No." I shook my head. "They won’t be bringing more."
Matty looked to Brig again. "The Rotters?"
"Cleared." Brig nodded.
"We should go before it gets dark. It’s tricky to get where we’re going, and adding Rotters in the street just makes it harder." Matty walked toward the door, then turned. "Come on."
"But they come in the day, too. The ones out there didn’t care they were burning up under the sun." I didn’t move to follow them.
Matty came back to where I sat. "They’re changing. I don’t know why or how, just that they are. We need to go."
I looked at Bliss, her eyes full of determination. "Okay. Let’s go then."
I held out a hand and helped her up.


Chapter 26

The trek through the streets went much faster with a team of what appeared to be well-trained men. The three who had taken Coi and Erica had disappeared down the stairs and into the evening without so much as a grunt from the effort. I watched Matty and Brig’s backs as we followed them through the dark city. They knew exactly where to step without placing a foot on items that would make a loud sound or tripping over debris laying in our path. I tried to mimic each step. In the dying light, I watched fabric tighten across Matty’s shoulders and the strength of his body as it shimmied around cars and jumped over barricades. I wanted to ask them how long they’d been here. I wanted to ask where they got the food that they obviously had in plenty, since neither of them looked pale and sickly like the people we left behind. I wanted to ask them if we were the first people to come through.
But I didn’t ask anything.
Although they didn’t tell us to be quiet, we knew enough to be as quiet as we could. If their agility and muscular physic wasn’t enough to know they had been eating better than us, their stamina made it very clear. It seemed like we had jogged miles, and Bliss and I were fading.
"I can’t go much farther. They’re going too fast," Bliss panted.
I grabbed her hand and pulled her after me, but she was right. The men were moving fast, and the gap between us was getting bigger.
"We don’t know where they took Coi. We can’t lose them."
Bliss tripped over a pile of trash, and I backtracked to help her. Turning around, I ran smack into a figure who had moved out of the shadows and into our path. The squishing sound of contact with the Screamer made the bile from the depths of my stomach burn the back of my throat. Unable to stop her momentum, Bliss ran smack into the back of me, pushing me further into its body. The air around us filled with her screams when the shadowed face of the rotting man pushed close to her.
The Screamer’s jaw was completely gone, which was a blessing since he couldn’t bite me while I was pressed into his chest but the smell of rotting guts was too much and I coughed, gagging at the stench. His hands, lacking muscle strength, grabbed weakly at my jacket and for a fleeting moment, I mourned the crisp, cleanliness I’d enjoyed for a few hours. A mass of more Screamers stumbled toward us, the rasping breath filling the quiet night air. How many more times was my life going to hang in the balance? My body craved rest; a quiet, uneventful rest. Our weapons, as ineffective as they were compared to the weapons this group carried, had been left behind or taken by the men. Left behind by their fast pace, Bliss and I were helpless to defend ourselves.
I reached down to search for the dagger I strapped to my leg but only felt the coolness of my boot. I wanted to stay positive, to not let this current situation discourage me. I’d apologized to God not minutes before for my wavering faith, but I was beginning to wonder how many tests I was going to be given. I tried from the depths of my soul to believe I’d be given what I needed to get through this.
The mob pushed at me, pinning my arms until they were stuck between Bliss and the Screamer stuck to me. Bliss’s frantic behavior had her backed up to me, making it impossible for me to push past the horde. I strained my neck to keep my face away from the tongue hanging loosely from its face. With each jerky movement, its head brought the rough tongue against my cheek. I cringed and tried to remember for every event I survived, I had another story of God’s grace, but with every nerve in my body I wanted to do what Bliss was currently doing: screaming her head off in fear. Bliss’s screaming was drawing more and more of them out of their daylight hiding places, filling the air with rot and slime.
"Run, Bliss." I pushed at the bodies, my hands plowing deep into the soften flesh. "Get out of here. Run."
She ducked below their grabbing hands and slid away, my heart soared at her freedom but dropped when I realized I was probably going to die.
"God, please don’t end it like this," I prayed. "I haven’t hardly begun."
The swoosh of an arrow brushed past my cheek and left a stinging pain in its path. It implanted itself in the head of a Screamer at my shoulder. The squelching noise of another arrow hitting the Screamer in front of me had me instinctively backing away. I knew the rotted flesh pressed so close to me was not strong enough to keep the arrow from sliding through; the quarters were too close, and I was pasted to him. The clouded eyes of my new partner stared into the abyss of what was left of our world, not even aware of the arrow now connecting the two of us. I gasped as we moved together, then cried out as the arrow broke through the barrier of my coat and imbedded into my stomach. Each push from the growing horde of monsters dug it deeper into me. The barbs held it firm, the only direction it would move was further into my flesh. I struggled to increase the space between us before the disease on the arrow mixed with my own blood but I knew it was futile. The infection had been implanted in me the moment the slime covered arrow broke my skin. My knees weakened, and I slumped, waiting to meet the hard concrete of the broken street, but the mass of bodies held me up.
Bliss, I thought then began to cry. She had to have gotten away. She wasn’t strong enough to survive against this hoard.
Everything turned into a slow motion blur when the Screamers began to fall around me. My new appendage jerked then went limp and pushed me backward onto the ground. I welcomed the chance to lay down, maybe the rest I needed was death, a peaceful death surrounded by a mass of infected adults. I almost laughed out loud at the craziness of this situation. Our connection held firm, the arrow shifting and slicing into my flesh. I wanted to hold my stomach, grab the arrow to keep it still, but the Screamer made that impossible. I groaned as I felt it ripping me apart inside. Someone grabbed the collar of my jacket and yanked me back, but all it accomplished was the limp man being jammed into me further. I let out a cry of pain and thought I was going to pass out. My world was going dark, my eyes struggling to stay in the present, but it was a losing battle, the pain becoming overwhelming.
"What the…" a voice said before a tugging match began as they tried to detach the corpse from me. The arrow refused to set me free.
"Stop!" I found my voice and grabbed the Screamer, wrapping my arms around him, holding him tight to my chest. "Stop. Stop. Stop. The arrow… the arrow is… we’re stuck together." I sobbed.
All movement stopped abruptly.
"What?" The familiar voice of Matty filtered through the ringing in my ears.
I tried to take a deep breath and prove that my lungs still worked, but the pressure of the Screamer, and the fear I was slowly getting infected, made it a mere shallow gasp.
Matty kneeled beside me. Brig appeared over his shoulder.
"Did I hit you?" His voice held a concern that confused me after our short time together.
"The arrow. It’s…" I couldn’t admit I was hit. That the mess of infection of the Screamer was more than likely inside me, and they were probably going to kill me.
Matty’s eyes swept down the man positioned over me. "It’s in you?"
Panic seeped into my core. My vision blurred as tears poured down my cheeks. "Please don’t kill me."
Matty ran a gloved finger down my cheek. "Calm down. It’s dead. Let’s get him off you before anymore come to see what’s happening."
I’m sure he thought his voice was calming, but considering he was forcing me to follow him after taking my friends away, I wasn’t feeling very calm.
"Try taking a deep breath," he continued.
"C’mon already," Brig complained. "We got to get out of here before the rest of the Rotters show."
Matty’s gaze flicked to Brig’s, his mouth forming a tight frown. "Where’s the arrow?" He continued to stare at Brig.
My breath shuttered when I pulled in the putrid smell of rotting flesh, but I finally got the words out. "My side."
Brig swore. "Leave her."
"Let’s get this bag of pus off her." Matty wrapped a hand around the thin wood of the arrows shaft.
"If it’s in her, we’re better off leaving with her people," Brig muttered.
"We aren’t leaving her." Matty broke the arrow from the back of the Screamer. "This is probably going to hurt."
I moaned and shook my head. "Just get him off me."
Matty wiped his forehead with the back of his hand and glanced toward Brig. "I’m staying until she’s free, so if you want to get out of here, it would go faster if you lent a hand."
Brig said a few more colorful words under his breath but stepped forward and grabbed the Screamer by the shoulders.
"We have to lift him straight up… together," Matty instructed.
On the count of three, they lifted, but being a rotted out human, its arms detached, and the torso fell back on me. I cried out in disgust.
"I’m sorry, I’m sorry," Matty said over and over. "Grab its clothes."
Brig and Matty readjusted and lifted again, pulling the body up and off the shortened arrow. With a grunt, they tossed it to the side and came to where I lay. The arrow was sticking out of my coat, a few inches from my side.
"What are you thinking?" Brig rubbed his chin. "Can’t throw her over a shoulder with the arrow sticking out."
The shuffle of feet drew their attention to the alley behind us. "Got to go dude." Brig stood up and reached behind me. I let out a sigh of relief when I saw he’d grabbed Bliss by the collar and pulled her after him.
Matty rocked back on his heels. "Can you walk?" He slid a hand under my shoulders and pushed me up, and the arrow shifted. I bit my lip to keep from calling out. I didn’t think I could keep up with them. I didn’t think I could stand.
Pull it out.
I froze when the voice flowed through me, then looked at Matty. He obviously hadn’t said anything, and the way his eyes were darting back and forth, it was clear we were running out of time. The last thing I wanted was to pull out the arrow. The thought itself made me sick, but I had to trust. "You have to pull it out."
"What? No."
I nodded. "It’s okay. Pull it out, and then you can carry me. If you don’t, I’ll slow you down."
He shook his head. "The only thing keeping you from bleeding all over this street is that arrow. It’s still a ways to the encampment. If I pull it out, you won’t make it."
"Pull it out," I repeated.
He ran a hand over his face and muttered something to himself, then looked at me. "I don’t think you are a very lucky person."
I let out a sad laugh. "But I have faith."
He raised an eyebrow. "Out the front or the back?"
The message hadn’t told me. "What do you think? It was your arrow."
"The barbs are small," he said almost to himself. "I’ll pull it out the front."
"Watch out," I blew out.
Matty pushed himself off the ground, spun around while pulling a long knife off his back, and took out a Screamer who’d snuck up on us. "We got to move." Matty took a step toward me, and without warning, he wrapped his gloved hand around the arrow and pulled it out without pause.
Before a scream could erupt, I passed out.


Chapter 27

I pulled the soft blanket up around my shoulders and wondered why Coi hadn’t woke me up so I could get to the garden and start my chores. I snuggled deeper into the blankets and smiled at the chance to sleep late.
A rough hand touched my forehead, and I smiled. "I thought you were letting me sleep in."
I lifted my arms over my head and stretched, finally opening my eyes, expecting to see Coi. Except, it wasn’t Coi. I pulled my knees up and scooted away from the woman standing in front of me. Her expression was just as shocked as mine, and she backed away, holding up her hands in a defensive move.
I pulled the covers over me as if they could protect me. "Who are you?" I looked around, getting my bearings. This wasn’t the barrier. "Where am I?"
The woman continued to step away until she was out the door and running down the hall. I leaned over the bed, making sure the door had shut, then jumped up to press my palms against it, in case she tried to return. When no one came, I turned and rested my back against the smooth surface.
I rubbed my temples and tried to remember how I got here. Slowly I made a list:
Marriage proposal.
Coi taken.
Escaped.
Bliss and Erica.
The guard.
Men found us.
An arrow.

It all came flooding back. "Holy crud. I was shot." I pulled at the robe I wore. It was tied in the back. I twisted and turned, ripping at the ties, trying to release myself from the garment. I didn’t feel like I’d been shot. Stretching and pulling at the robe should hurt, right? Giving up, I finally got an arm free and pulled the garment over my head. I ran my palms over my side and felt for the wound I knew should be there. The arrow had gone through the Screamer then entered me.
But there wasn’t a mark on me.
I dropped to my knees, pulling the robe around me, and prayed. "Lord, I don’t know what to say. Thank you. Thank you for allowing me to continue this journey."
The door opened, hitting me in the back. I skittered across the floor, ready to defend myself if necessary.
Matty’s head peeked around the edge of the door. "They said you were awake."
I wished his presence helped to calm me, but I was a prisoner no matter how kind he seemed.
Matty entered the room and quietly closed the door behind him. "Why are you on the floor?" He walked toward me, holding his hands out like he was approaching a wounded animal. "You should be in bed."
I blinked at him. I had so many questions and didn’t feel like I had my wits about me yet. I wasn’t scared of Matty. I knew he’d technically shot me, but I didn’t think it had been on purpose. He’d shown me kindness once, and I hoped he would again. I cleared my throat and tried to sit up straighter. "I’m fine."
Matty squatted in front of me. "That’s what Nel said." His words were halted. "I didn’t… I didn’t mean to shoot you."
I pulled my knees up and rotated around so I was kneeling. "I know. We were in a mob. You were trying to help."
Matty’s chin dropped to his chest, and his head bobbed slightly. "Good then."
"Where are my friends?" I hesitated to ask.
He cocked his head. The angle hid the side of his face that was the smooth skin from a severe, but old, burn. "The small one has been taken to where the children are kept."
"There are more children here?"
"Yes. There’s a small school for the young ones. She is being cared for there."
"Thank you." Now it was my turn to nod. "And the others?"
"The infirmary. Same as you."
"So, they’re still alive," I said it more as a statement than a question. I didn’t want to question it. I wanted it to be a fact.
"You seemed to take care of that," he said quietly.
"Without much help from you," I mumbled back.
"We aren’t killers," Matty said loudly.
"I didn’t mean…"
"Yes, you did." He stood up quickly. "My group wasn’t the ones who caused the injuries. We could have easily left you to be taken by your people. We didn’t need to get involved." He ran a hand over his hair, pulling a few strands loose from the ponytail tied at the nape of his neck. "I could have left you to die in the streets, and we did neither."
"Erica lost a lot of blood and Coi was unconscious," I shot back. "I simply meant they are doing okay, not that you were at fault." I paused. "Although, you did hit Coi in the head."
"He was fighting us. We chose to disable him so we could get the rest of you."
"Well, thank you. I guess," I muttered. I wasn’t sure I was exactly thankful, but I knew I was glad I wasn’t back at the barrier being married to the Governor, or dead in the street for that matter.
"This isn’t a world where we have time to chat with visitors and welcome them to the compound. Things happen fast, and instinct for survival kicks in. We don’t take the time to choose the best manner to kill or disable. We just do it. If that means knocking your traveling companion in the head to give us time before we kill him, well, then that’s what we do."
I didn’t know what to say. Was he making excuses or explaining a bit of his life?
Matty took a deep breath then dropped his hands loosely at his side. "Are you feeling well enough to see them?"
I wanted to tell him I was feeling great, but I knew telling anyone, especially this guy who I wasn’t sure was friend or foe, was dangerous. I put my arm around my middle and leaned against the wall. "It hurts, but I’m okay."
Matty’s eyebrows drew together, and his gaze fell to my middle. "Nel told me you don’t have a mark on you."
I let my arm fall to my side, giving up any ruse of injury.
"I know I shot you. I pulled the arrow out myself. I saw the blood everywhere. Your clothes are soaked with it, my clothes were soaked with it. So, how in this crazy rotting world are you standing in front of me without a mark on you?"
I continued to blink at him, not knowing what he wanted me to say.
Matty’s demeanor changed from concerned new friend to inquisitor. "You were shot. Your stomach was bleeding out, and I carried you ten blocks to the outpost. My jacket, covered in your blood, is sitting in my room."
"You want me to clean it?"
"You want me to clean it?" he muttered under his breath. "No. What I want to know is how you were sliced open not three days ago and now you’re standing in front of me perfectly fine."
"Three days? I’ve been here three days?"
Matty ran a hand over his face. "Stop changing the subject. Tell me what I want to know."
"I don’t know what you want to know."
"I want to know why you aren’t dead. I want to know how you can heal faster than humanly possible. I want to know how your friends were practically dead and the little one tells you to do something…"
"I don’t know," I whispered. I knew God had His hand in everything, but I didn’t know this man. I didn’t know his beliefs or thoughts on God. I wanted to glorify Him, but chances were high I would be persecuted in the process. I was failing God with every step, and I was letting my fear keep me from the task I’d been given even after I’d been pulled through each life threatening event just as he’d promised.
"I want to know why you’re running."
I pushed past him, but he grabbed my arm, spun me around, his attention falling to the long red scabs left from the Screamer attack at the river.
"What happened? Was this from the other night?"
I tugged at my arm, but he held firm.
"Was this from the Rotter?"
I refused to look at him.
"No," he answered his own question. "This isn’t fresh. This was from before. Talk to me." He shook me.
"It was a few days ago. Before we entered the city," I said quietly.
"A Rotter."
I nodded.
"You laid over the girl, and she started breathing. You were shot by an arrow, yet don’t even have a scar, but the scabs from the nails of a Rotter remain." He pulled me to his chest, his breath moved the tiny hairs around my face. "What are you?"
I yanked my arm out of his grasp and pushed him away. "I want to see my friends."
"Who are you?" he asked again, then laughed. "What are you?"
"I’m no one. No one." I tried to keep my voice even and strong, but I knew I failed. I could feel myself falling back into the confines of the barrier. Being bound to a future I didn’t choose.
"You haven’t gotten sick yet?"
I cringed at the word yet. "No."
Matty’s expression softened.
"I’m fine." I jutted my chin out. "I would already be sick."
He stood straighter in response. "We haven’t a definitive timeline. We still have people locked up waiting to see if they get the illness, and they were bit months ago."
"Will you lock me up?" I asked.
Matty shook his head then met my stare. "You don’t have any wounds."
I gave myself permission to really look at what had once been a handsome face. Whatever happened to him had disfigured the side of his face to a melted mess, tight and discolored. His eyes, though, were beautiful and filled with question and maybe a little fear.
"What happened to you?" I reached up and touched his cheek with my fingertip.
His mouth tightened, and he jerked back.
I thought about apologizing, taking back the familiarity my touch implied, but it seemed we’d passed the beginning level of questioning and shot right up to invasive. "I’d apologize for being so forward, but it seems you don’t have an issue with prying questions."
"I guess that’s fair."
I crossed my arms and waited.
He let out a short laugh. "I’ll answer your question if you answer mine."
I nodded.
"I lived by the gulf, where the oil first spilled."
"Okay."
"One of the solutions early on was to burn the oil off. I was ten." He walked to the door and leaned against the frame, crossing his arms over his chest. "It didn’t work. Got a bit out of control and—" He gestured toward his face.
"Wow," I said.
"Yeah, wow. Now, your turn." He pushed off the wall and walked over to me. "How can you not have a single mark on you when I have your blood all over me?" he whispered, moving back to show me the red stains left on his shirt.
"Are you sure that’s my blood?"
Give me My glory.
The words filled not only my head but my heart, renewing my courage and faith that this path was decided before I ever arrived.
"Please," Matty said quietly.
"My God." My voice cracked. I cleared my throat and straightened my shoulders, anticipating his denouncement. "God gives you special gifts when you need them. We may not always have them—"
Matty’s eyebrows drew together, and he cut me off. "Your God? Who exactly is your God?"
He hadn’t laughed or gotten angry like Coi did whenever I mentioned my faith, he got excited. Maybe, just maybe, he could be a friend. "My Lord Jesus Christ."
He let go of my arm and stepped back, his hands laced behind his head as his gaze moved quickly to the door then back to me. "You have a Bible?" His voice was quiet but excitement emanated from his entire being.
"Well, no." I fidgeted. "I left it hidden at the Barrier."
He turned around as if irritated. "Figures."
Without thinking, I reached out and touched his arm. "Wait." I hadn’t thought this through and wondered if I was making friends with an enemy, one that only days ago had taken me prisoner, and even if it was unintentional, shot me with an arrow. "Do you have one?" Obviously, he didn’t. I gave myself a mental slap in the head.
"No. They were burned in a cry of defiance against the institution of religion."
I couldn’t suppress the laugh of pure craziness that erupted. "Out of defiance against the institution of religion?"
"After a few years, after people began to turn, many of the churches preached it was the end of times. Then, radicals began citing scripture out of context to get people to believe we were all that was left. All that would be left for eternity. The world went crazy with the idea that eternal consequences no longer existed. That all the good they believed they’d done hadn’t been enough and they were left behind." He paused and gestured toward the window. "There were riots, general chaos for a few years."
"We wondered about the cars deserted in the street." At least now I had an answer to all of Bliss’s questions.
"People were pulled out of their cars and beaten, robbed."
"Is that how you ended up here?" I asked.
"I guess. My family moved inland after I was burned. My mother died, and my father put my brother and I in this hotel. I watched most of the mayhem from the tenth floor."
I wondered if somehow these messages had gotten to Coi. It sounded a lot like his current structure of belief. "Why do you want a Bible? If the world as we know it is over, why would you want a Bible?"
Matty looked deep into my eyes and said the words I’d hoped Coi would. "Because it’s not true. I refuse to believe we were left here for eternity. I had beliefs before, but I was ten when it started. The news, internet, technology was used to convince us of so many lies. I want to read the word. I want my beliefs confirmed. I know in my heart I am not being persecuted and cast down to suffer a lifetime in the hell. I want my hope to be validated."
I mentally screamed, "Hallelujah. Praise the Lord."
"So, you don’t have one?" Matty questioned. "Really?"
I shook my head and walked to where the items of my backpack had littered the floor. "No. And unless I have the tiniest Bible in the world, you already know that." I glanced back at him. "Are you keeping us prisoners?"
He paused. "We brought you all here. We could have left you. Your friends are injured. You were injured. We’re giving you medical treatment."
"Yes, you did all those things, but you didn’t answer my question. Can leave if I want?"
"Where you planning on going? Your friends aren’t ready to travel. Would you leave them?"
"Can I leave if I want?" I repeated with more insistence.
"Well, no. But your friends aren’t ready to travel anyway."
"So, I’m a prisoner."
"No," he said quickly. Then frowned. "Well, not exactly."
"So, I’m not in a cell, but I can’t leave," I clarified.
"Pretty much."
"And I’m guessing you’ve been assigned to me. As my personal guard?" I snapped, angry at myself for getting excited about his faith and forgetting there were a whole lot more people involved than him and I.
He didn’t answer me, but the irritated expression he held told me I hit the nail on the head.
I stepped away and wrapped the thin gown tighter around myself. "Because of what happened?"
"If you can heal people." He rubbed his forehead. "If you can heal, we need that here."
"I’m being forced to stay because you think I can heal people," I repeated.
"I don’t think. I saw you heal people and so did about six others."
"I’m being forced to stay," I repeated more to myself than to him.
"Not by me. And I would like to think it will be stated as encouraged to stay, not forced."
"But I explained. It’s not me. You understand that, right? I can’t do it on my own. Gifts are a manifestation of the spirit, they aren’t powers to be used on a whim. If I can’t use the gift to glorify God, I won’t be permitted to use it."
"You were able to use your gift for your friend. How was that glorifying God? If I didn’t have this conversation with you now, I never would have taken it as a gift of God. You aren’t proclaiming your faith far and wide."
I scowled at him for understanding what I was still struggling with. "It showed Bliss I was speaking the truth all this time. It is allowing me to talk to you right now. But if you put me in front of a sick person and demand I heal them with no opportunity to speak of my faith, I doubt the gift will be given."
Matty stared at me for a long time. "I get it, but the others won’t. They won’t see the faith behind it."
"What happens when I can’t do it?"
"I don’t know."
"What do you think will happen?"
He shook his head slowly. "No idea. I’ll take you to see your friends now."
"Not sure that makes me feel better."
"Not sure it does me either." Matty led me down a dim hallway.
I knew the world had deteriorated, so I wasn’t sure why I was surprised at the chipped walls and discarded materials laying on the floor, but I was. I’d hoped when we left the barrier things would be better. Others would have found ways of keeping life going without the despair we’d surrounded ourselves in. Unfortunately, it didn’t seem this place had fared much better than ours.
I followed behind, biting my lip with the need to ask questions. How long had they been here? Where were we? How many lived here?
Matty must have sensed the looming questions. "This use to be a hotel. Well, still is, I guess."
I didn’t respond, and he continued. "There’s about thirty of us at this location." He glanced back. "Mostly men. A few women and children."
"You have other places?"
"I probably shouldn’t be telling you this." He fidgeted with his shirt.
"And I probably shouldn’t have told you everything I did." I laughed softly.
He stopped and turned to me. "There are other compounds through the city. Some are friendly, others not so much. Each is led by a different set of beliefs. I move from one to another. This was the closest to get you and your friends to a safe place."
"Thank you," I said quietly.
"Even though you may not believe it now, you got picked up near one of the better set ups."
I stopped. There was a room ahead of us with a wall of windows. Through the windows, I could see beds pushed against the wall. A few were occupied, but the one that caught my attention was the petite girl covered in a white sheet, her dark hair spread out across the pillow and a still figure with his forehead resting on the edge of the bed, his hand holding hers.
"Coi," I whispered.
I could feel Matty’s eyes on me. "He woke up shortly after we arrived. He seems to be hurting more than expected from his injuries."
I blinked back tears. If what Matty said was true, I had been unconscious for two or three days, and when I woke up, Coi hadn’t been by my side holding my hand. I’d been alone. With a stranger.
"The bump on the head—" he started.
"He has a cough. It’s gotten worse," I interrupted.
Matty had the manners not to respond.
Slowly, Coi rose and walked around the end of the bed to the door.
"I’ll leave you to talk to him for a few minutes." Matty backed down the hall, leaving me more alone than I’d felt in a long time.
I watched him walk a few feet down the hall, then I turned to face Coi. He looked so tired, and I wanted to reach up and wrap my arms around his neck, but I felt a shift in our relationship.
"She’s alive. Hasn’t woke up yet," Coi mumbled.
"I’m sure she’ll wake up soon."
"I’m staying with her. We’re staying here. If they’ll let us. I won’t follow you anymore. It’s not worth the risk." Coi talked quickly. "I can’t lose her."
"I understand."
Coi stepped forward, leaning down so his face was close to mine. "This is your fault." He turned on his heel and walked back to Erica.
Matty came up behind me and placed a hand on my shoulder, making me jump. "You okay?"
"I need to see Bliss," I said.
Matty nodded.
I glanced back at the wall of windows and saw Coi looking at me. If I’d doubted he hated me, his expression was the look of someone not only blaming me for the girl laying silent in the bed, but for everything that had gone wrong in this world.
My heart sank. I turned and walked back toward the room I came from as if I knew exactly where I was going, which I didn’t.
Matty tried to catch up with my quick getaway, his boots clomping after me. "Hey." He caught my arm. "You aren’t going the right way."
I hoped my emotions didn’t show, but I feared the hurt was painted on my face. I should have expected Coi to want to stay behind. I knew they were clouding my decision-making abilities, but it still hurt to lose my friends, and for right now, I was going to let myself feel alone and hurt.
"Hey," he said again. "Are you okay?"
I swallowed the lump in my throat. "I’m fine. I just want to see Bliss."
His gaze swept over me, landing on my bare feet. "How about we get you your clothes first."
I nodded and let him lead me back to where I’d woken up.
My clothes had been rolled into a bundle and placed under the bed. My boots and pack was shoved under farther. It was apparent all my things had been gone through and found lacking since, for the most part, it had been returned in a mixed-up pile.
"My knife?" I ventured to ask.
"I’ll keep it for a while." He patted his hip. "Just until we get to know each other better."
"Just ‘till we get to know each other," I muttered under my breath as I began to dress in my layers of new clothing. "You know more about me than most of the people I grew up with."
The corner of Matty’s mouth rose a bit, but his eyes remained sad. "I’ll keep it safe."
I sat on the edge of the bed and pulled on my boots. "My knife or the story of my life?"
"Both."
I slid off the bed.
"Ready?" he asked.
I nodded and threw my bag over my shoulder then looked down at the crusty stains on the front of my jacket. I wiped at the material, my fingers finding the hole where the arrow had gone through. "This was new."
Matty raised an eyebrow at me.
"It was just a scratch."
"It scratched you all the way through your gut," Matty said sarcastically.


Chapter 28

Bliss had been happily playing with three children when we found her. Whoever this group was, they had the place locked down pretty tight, as well as they had substantially more space than I’d been used to. A nice woman was watching over the kids. Of course, she was armed with a scary looking gun, but safety first and all. It was nice to see the smile on Bliss’s face. I was almost jealous of her carefree attitude. How easily she could move on from the events of the past few days and live her life without worry.
Matty settled on a bench inside a fenced off area between the two buildings and waved me to sit as well. The Screamers walked along the perimeter, under the shade of the building currently housing Erica and Coi. I glanced up at the wall of dirty windows and wondered if Coi was still beside her, holding her hand.
Matty followed my gaze. "Your friends should be fine."
I blinked and shifted away from him. "Erica isn’t really my friend. She doesn’t like me much."
"You seemed to be able to look past it to help her."
I picked at the dried blood again.
"Without you, she would have died." Matty was trying to show compassion, but he didn’t understand our history.
"Coi and I have been friends since we first came to the barrier. I did it for him."
"That’s the part she doesn’t like about you then." He chuckled.
I glared at him. "We’d been friends forever. She knew that. I never did anything to make her dislike me."
"He liked you. Don’t need much else to get a girl to hate you."
"I don’t hate her, and she was pretty much stealing my best friend." I pulled the tie from my braid and busied myself with straightening the loose strands. I wasn’t sure why I kept telling him my life story. I hadn’t known him more than a few hours, but it was like we’d known each other for much longer.
"So, he betrayed you?" Matty jutted his chin toward where I’d been looking.
I shook my head. "No. Not exactly." I thought for a minute. "I don’t know, maybe. He blames me for everything." I looked up at the sky and blew out a breath. "He’s right to blame me. It’s my fault he’s out here… that they all were out here. He was supposed to marry her."
"You’re lucky to have a close friend." He looked down at his feet and shuffled them in the loose dirt. "Nothing ever stays the same in these times. Things we think we want aren’t always the best. You have to be ready for change. Surviving is a battle and getting married is a luxury."
I shrugged again. I wasn’t sure when I’d become such a shrugger. "We’ve had some difference of opinions since we left home. He decided Erica was more in line with his beliefs."
Matty continued to rub a design in the dust with his boot. "Beliefs?"
"I felt I was being led to leave the barrier, and he didn’t agree."
"Led by who?"
I gave him a ‘you know who’ look. I’d already told him God used me to heal Erica. What did I have to lose spilling the entire story and see how long his growing loyalty would last? I’d already lost one friend, might as well clear the air and get rid of him as well. "God. He gave me a message to leave. To come into the world and breathe faith into the hearts of the dead."
Matty nodded but didn’t respond.
"But he came with you," he finally said. "He must have shared your beliefs a little."
"It’s complicated. He didn’t want to come but kind of had to due to a misunderstanding." I hoped that would appease him.
Matty gave me sideways look. "You know I’m not going to just let it end there, right?"
"I’d hoped."
He raised an eyebrow. "Not my way."
I giggled, then slapped my hand over my mouth. When in this rotted out world had I ever giggled? "Not your way?" I repeated.
Matty bumped my shoulder. "Come on, spill it."
I’d grown up with the same fifty people my entire life. I had been surrounded by the same boys, and the only one I ever felt connected to was Coi. Coi, who I leaned on for everything, and who I had prayed to accompany me on this journey. I shook my head and chuckled to myself. "God is good," I said quietly.
"I like the sound of that." Matty smiled.
I couldn’t help but return the smile. "The sound of what?"
"Your laugh, for one. God is good, for another."
My smile grew.
"Now, tell me what happened between you and your friend up there." He jutted his chin out toward the building housing Coi and Erica.
"When the people turn nineteen or twenty, they get sick, and they thought he was sick," I said.
"Sick how?"
"Coughing mainly. Then it spreads, and we lose a lot of the people in the barrier."
"I’m assuming you haven’t helped those who get sick?"
"No. I was never told to do it before."
"By your friend?"
"No. By God."
"So…" He let the word trail off.
"So, they’re terminated," I said quickly. "Coi was taken for termination, and I got him out. He had to leave with me or he would have died."
Matty nodded in understanding. "But he’s still sick?"
"He is."
"Should we be worried?" Matty glanced over to me.
"I don’t know."
"You try your fancy stuff on him?"
"My fancy stuff." I laughed.
"You know. You said you were able to heal to help show Bliss your faith. Why not try to heal him and see if it knocks some sense into him?"
I thought about his question. "I think getting him out of the barrier safe was supposed to be a show of faith."
"Sometimes, it takes a lot to get people to believe." Matty ran a hand over his chin.
"You said there were thirty men here?" I asked, trying to change the subject.
"More or less."
"All as old as you?"
"No. They have a range of ages. Some young, some old."
"They?" I questioned. "Don’t you live here?’
"No."
I looked over to him, waiting for more, but all he was giving up was a no. "Where are they?" I spread my arms out and looked around for more people.
"In this barrier, everyone is kept in small areas depending on their assignment. It’s easier for the guards to protect them."
"Assigned areas?" This concerned me. It sounded a lot like the barrier.
"No. No, it isn’t a bad thing. Everyone here has a job. One that is respected and necessary. It makes it easier." He glanced my way. "You know, knowing you have a purpose in this world." He paused and stared at me before continuing. "Everyone’s assigned a job and given tasks that make them an integral part of the compounds’ survival. The tower guard is on the roof watching over the compound as a whole. You aren’t supposed to be able to see them, just them you. The agricultural team works the gardens inside the hotel in what used to be an atrium. The cocinar group cooks."
"Cocinar?"
"It means to cook in Spanish. It makes people work harder if they feel their job is valued and is given an important title." He laughed quietly. "That’s what the group thinks at least."
"What’s your cool title?" I asked.
"Scout."
I wrinkled my nose.
"I guess my title isn’t so cool, then."
"You scout?" I smiled.
"My team goes out and sees where the Rotters are moving. We go out and scavenge for things. See if anyone has entered the city. Watch to see if other groups set up camp nearby and if we can work together."
"You don’t live here though?"
"No. My brother and I hook up with the Scouts from other compounds to check out the area."
"Your brother?"
"Brig."
"Oh," I said.
"He’s not as bad as he may seem."
"I get he had reason to be rude," I agreed. I’m not sure our guard would welcome newcomers with friendly handshakes. Being careful kept us alive. "Do the Rotters move around?"
"A bit. Lately, things have been changing. Sometimes the whole lot heads off in one direction, so we follow and see what’s up. Try to avoid them and leave them on their own if they aren’t bothering anyone. Doesn’t do any good to kill them, it’s almost like they multiply when you do."
"You said you’d seen the men from my home before?" I asked.
"No. Not before. Earlier. We followed them after we saw they’d moved into the city. They were getting close, and we wanted to know their intentions. We were up in the building watching them when we saw you guys. We hadn’t known you were around. I guess you got in under our radar."
"I guess we’re even then. We didn’t know you were here either."
The corner of Matty’s mouth twitched, but he didn’t smile. "So, I guess my idea you all were searching us out to enlighten us to some great town we were unaware of is blown to pieces," he deadpanned
I met his stare, unsure if he was serious, but when he smiled, I couldn’t help but return it. "Sorry. Where we came from, you don’t want to go," I said.
"Where do you want to go?"
"I don’t know. One step at a time, I guess."
"You don’t have a destination?" he asked. "You have a map. I would have thought…"
I narrowed my gaze. "You saw my map?"
"Searched through your stuff." He shrugged. "It’s what you do when a new person comes along and is unconscious." At least he had the manners to look embarrassed.
"I feel like I’m at a disadvantage. I think it would be fair if I got to rummage through your things as well." I tried to say it with humor, but I felt a bit violated by the intrusion.
"Maybe later." He laughed.
I scuffed my boot along the edge of the bench. "We don’t have a specific destination. Just away from where we were. And by we, I think I mean me."
"Was it that bad?" Matty glanced my way again.
I became very interested in the shoe string on my boot. There was something about him that drew me to him. I knew what it was. God had brought someone in my life to support me. I smiled to myself and reminded myself again to trust in the path God laid out for me. As well as the people He brought into my life. "For me, not everyone." That was all I could say as of now. Matty hadn’t pushed for more information about life in the barrier, and I wasn’t ready to tell him everything.
"So, you aren’t the leader here?"
"No, I’m not." He chuckled. "Were you?"
My eyebrows drew together. "No," I laughed.
"Why would you think I was in charge if you weren’t?" he teased.
"You or Brig seemed to be in charge when you captured us."
"We didn’t capture you. We rescued you. If you remember, you were being carried away by the bad guys."
"You shot me. Doesn’t that make you a bad guy?"
Matty leaned back and tilted his head. "No. I was the one rescuing you."
"By shooting me?"
Matty looked shocked. "I shot the Rotter."
"Well, you kind of missed…" I started.
"I didn’t miss," he said louder.
"You certainly didn’t miss when you hit me."
"I shot the Rotter. He was just… too squishy and it went through."
"Squishy?"
"Rotty?" he tried.
I paused. "Well, we weren’t free to leave," I argued.
"Where would you have gone?" He stood up and faced me. "They shot your friends, and the Rotters were trying to eat you."
"They don’t eat people. They can’t digest anything."
"That’s the point you want to make?" He crossed his arms.
"It felt like we were more your prisoners than your friends," I mumbled.
"I wouldn’t say we considered you friends, but we also don’t like people coming into our city and hunting others down. Turning against the human race isn’t our idea of getting our world back to normal."
I looked at him incredulously. "You think the world will get back to normal?"
"Why not? We did this to ourselves. Someone should be able to fix it."
I shook my head. "You don’t believe it was supposed to happen? That this is…" I flung my arms around. "This is God’s punishment?"
"No. Not a punishment for us." He turned to face me. "The people before us. They poisoned the water… the air… with their greediness. With their sins against man." He lowered his voice. "Against God."
I’d never had the luxury of discussing the past with anyone but Coi, and he hated talking about the past. He hated talking about God. I couldn’t help the excitement at someone who may know more than what the newspapers at the school had told me, who may know God. "What do you know about the past?"
"What do you know?" he retorted.
I frowned, then blew out a breath. "We weren’t encouraged to talk about the past, but our barrier was next to a school." I paused to see if he was still listening. Matty’s eyes were bright with interest. "The Governor ordered the books burned, but I hid a lot of them and read a lot of information the school had collected." I pulled out my map. "Look. We were here." I pointed to the general location of the school. "The colors indicate the level of the Screamer’s population." I ran my finger along the line of the path we took. "This is how we came. There weren’t any Screamers along the way. Well, we had one when we stopped at the river." I lifted my gaze and looked at him. "The water at this part of the river was so clean. So clear and sparkly. We swam, and it was wonderful. Well, until the Screamer came." I stopped my quick run-down of the map when I remembered he said he had already looked at it. "Sorry, I forgot you already saw it."
Matty’s full attention was on me, listening to every word. I smiled shyly. Neither of us spoke for a minute.
Finally, he cleared his throat. "I looked at it, but I didn’t know all the stuff you just told me. You didn’t lose anyone?" he asked.
His concern warmed me.
"No. Coi was able to kill it while I kept Bliss from being bitten. But…" I held out my arms. "You saw the scratches."
"You’re brave." He smiled. The tightness of his burns restricted his mouth from the broad smile he must have had in the past, and if I had focused on his mouth alone, it probably looked scary. But I watched his eyes and saw the joy, the laughter, the caring every time I looked at him, and it was all I could do not to smile back.
"Just when I need to be."
Matty tucked a strand of hair behind my ear. "I don’t know why you were brought here, but I’m glad you were."
His fingertips brushed my cheek and sent a chill up my spine. I knew why I was told to leave, I just wasn’t sure if Matty was part of the plan.
"I haven’t seen anyone but the woman watching the children. Don’t people walk around?" I shifted, and Matty dropped his hand.
"I told you, everyone has a job."
"Hidden jobs?"
"No." He laughed. "I just brought you to a more private area so we could talk." He turned away, but I could still see the color rise in his cheeks. "Before I took you to see the leader of the compound."
"Oh." I tried not to smile. "So the guy in charge, who isn’t you, wants to meet me?"
"Well that would depend on if it is a he that’s in charge."
"There’s a woman in charge?" I got excited. A woman in charge alleviated numerous fears I had about being here.
"Yep. She was voted in a few months ago, after the previous leader was killed in an accident."
"An accident?"
Matty waved a hand like he was swatting at a fly.
"They got to vote her in?" Excitement ran through me at the thought of a democratic process.
He turned away, his gaze looking up to the windows of the hotel. "In a manner of speaking."
"What’s that mean?" My hopes of a better way were fading fast.
The conversation died, and we sat in silence for a few minutes.
"You called where you’re from the barrier. Want to elaborate on why your friends were being hunted down while you were being carried away?" Matty said quickly.
"Not really?"
"I shot a guy and risked my life getting you here, so maybe you could move my question up on your priority list of things I should know before I take you to meet the cabinet." His tone was teasing as he tried to keep the mood light amidst what I knew was an unpleasant story.
"I thought I was meeting the leader, not a cabinet, and what exactly is a cabinet?"
Matty sighed and looked to the heavens like he was praying for patience. "The cabinet is a group, well, two other people, that advise the leader of this compound. I suppose it gives the impression that more than one mind is making decisions for the whole."
"Sounds kind of scary."
"It can be, but if I know what we’re getting into, I might be able to help make it less scary." I’m sure the look he gave me was supposed to be reassuring, but it didn’t help. "Tell me about the men. Was it because of your healing?"
"No. I’d never done anything like that before the other day." I picked at the dried blood on my jacket.
"As I said before, I think the meeting will be easier if I know more about what to expect. I need to know if they will be looking for you again. This compound won’t want to put their fighters at risk. They’re needed to protect the compound from the Rotters. If their numbers diminish in a fight against your people, the entire compound will be at risk. Keeping you here will be in question if an army will be coming to get you. How big is your barrier?"
"They won’t follow. The Guard is small and not ready to fight more than a few Screamers. They did better than I would have guessed in fighting you."
"But they want you. That much won’t change," he said almost to himself.
"No. The Governor, he is the self-elected leader of our group, he’ll want them to come back for me."
"Then maybe we shouldn’t encourage her to let you stay. I can move you to a compound deeper in city. It might be safer."
"How old are you? I asked. He sounded very educated, very together. He must have had the opportunity to attend a real school before the sickness.
"I know what you’re doing."
I raised my eyebrows, and he sighed.
"Twenty-one." He mimicked my raised eyebrows. "And you?"
"Eighteen." I tilted my head. "And you aren’t sick?"
"Do I look sick?"
"No. No one lives past twenty-one in the barrier."
He rubbed his chin. "Glad I don’t live there, I guess."
"You don’t have the sickness?"
"Not that I know of."
I sat and thought about why our group was getting sick and the ones in the city weren’t.
"Family?" he asked, making me jump.
"Dad left the barrier shortly after we got there, and my mom left a few years after. They’re both dead."
"How can you be sure?" he asked.
"They never came back for me." It seemed obvious. "How long have you been in the city?"
"I was thirteen and he was eighteen when we got here."
"You two just travel around? No home to speak of?" I asked.
"No. We have a place but not inside a compound." He didn’t say anything for a beat. I looked over to find him chewing thoughtfully at his lip. I imagined he was trying to figure out how to get his questions back to me. He finally decided on one. "I can’t help you if you aren’t honest with me. I’ve stalled as long as I can. I have to take you to the cabinet. She’ll have the same questions as me, and she won’t be so easily distracted."
"Is she not a nice person?" I knew what I’d come from, and at the very least, a woman wouldn’t want to marry me.
"She’s nice enough, but then I’ve never been shot and healed within days."
"Does she know? Did you tell her?" I sounded like I was accusing him of something when I had no right to believe he was on my side.
He nodded. "You came in bleeding. Needed tending and watched over because we thought you were going to die and turn. Now you’re fine. Not like I can keep that a secret."
"Would you have if you could have?" I tested his loyalty.
"Maybe." He locked eyes with me. "I’d want to."
That made me smile. I rubbed my hands together. "What will she try to do? Hurt me? See if I can heal myself?"
He gave me a rueful smile. "Can she?"
"I honestly don’t know." I didn’t know how this meeting would fit into my journey. I wasn’t sure what I’d expected when God told me to leave the Barrier, but somehow, I think I imagined myself walking through the streets preaching the word. I laughed to myself over how ridiculous that really sounded. I drew myself up straighter, pushing my anxiety down. God had provided up until now, I trusted He would continue.


Chapter 29

Matty led me into the broken-down hotel, under a large sign that read: Hilton. The inside of the building had once been fancy, at least the faded strips of wallpaper gave it an opulence I’d only seen in the books at the school. The furniture, if there had ever been any, was gone, having been replaced by what seemed to be a self-sufficient and very organized mini town. As he had told me, there were workers busily doing their jobs around the large room. Smells of cooking filled the air, but I couldn’t see where it was coming from. Gardens had been erected from dirt brought in and fenced off in the lobby. Everyone stopped what they were doing and stared as I was led through the hustle.
"Why is everyone staring at me?" I said under my breath.
Matty pulled me through the hall a little faster. "We don’t see many like you. Your hair and skin is light," he quickly explained.
I knew I was the only person in the barrier with light blonde hair and blue eyes, but I thought it was simply the luck of the draw of the barrier. I stopped and looked around, taking in the people around me. They all looked the same—dark skin, dark hair, and dark eyes. Matty tugged me forward. "But your brother… you… don’t have dark eyes?"
"Which is one reason we don’t stay in a compound. Your coloring makes you a target," he said quietly.
"Now you mention this?"
He stopped and turned. "I would have thought it was obvious when you’re the only one in your group who glows like a firefly."
"I don’t glow," I muttered and pulled my arm from his grasp.
He rolled his eyes and continued to walk down the hall.
I looked around one more time, then followed after him, pulling my hood up so as not to stand out like a beacon. "When you said everyone had something to do, I didn’t imagine it quite like this. I had stuff to do at the barrier, but it was awful, and I did it without much joy. These guys seem like they actually are enjoying themselves."
"They have a pretty good set up. If someone finds their job not to their liking, I hear there is a process to get moved to something else. They’re trying to be a democracy."
"Like the old government? Like the president and stuff?" I walked faster to catch up with Matty, who obviously was not as impressed as I was with the set up.
"Something like that."
I felt a distance growing between us and jogged to walk beside him.
"Okay, I’ll tell you why they only wanted me," I conceded.
Matty stopped, grabbed my arm, and pulled me into a small alcove.
"It isn’t that big of a deal. I mean, it’s really silly when you think about it," I tried to laugh, but Matty’s expression was stoic, waiting for an answer. "You see, the Governor wanted to marry me, and I didn’t want to."
"He wanted to marry you?" he said incredulously. "All this mess you’ve brought is because you refused a proposal?"
"I told you it was silly," I murmured. It did sound kind of ridiculous now that he was saying it.
"So, let me do a fast recap here." He took a deep breath. "You were told to leave the barrier by God, the Governor asked to marry you, your best friend got set up for termination because he was sick, you escaped with him, brought along his girlfriend and a little girl, you get attacked by a Rotter, your friends almost get killed along with you, and you have some gift from God to heal people." He pulled in a deep breath after his long list of my life’s happenings.
"When you say it like that, it sounds kind of simple, and it isn’t really." I crossed my arms.
He laughed. "It sounds anything but simple." He shook his head. "They are most definitely coming after you."
"No. He won’t risk it," I argued.
Matty glanced over his shoulder when a young man walked by. "This Governor of yours sent four men after you. Into an area, if what you say is correct, they had no idea of what lay ahead. Not to mention, you hadn’t shown your gift yet, so he didn’t even have that as an incentive." Matty ran a hand over his hair. "He will definitely be coming."
"I don’t understand. Why?"
He grabbed my shoulders and gave me a shake. "He went to a lot of trouble to get you back, and you hadn’t done anything more than be you. Whether it’s his heart you hold or something else, word will travel back about what you can do, and I can guarantee your worth will only grow." He paused. "In fact, I kind of doubt he didn’t know. I know you said you never did it before, but doesn’t it seem he knew something about you that made him want you?"
"How will they hear? The Guard was gone before anything happened. We didn’t even know there were others before now." I flung my hands around as I fought the notion I wasn’t rid of the Governor as easily as I had thought. "And maybe he just thought I was an excellent choice for a wife."
He didn’t get my attempt at humor. "He’ll find out. I don’t know how, but he will." Matty nailed me with a stare I felt to my bones. "Don’t tell the cabinet any of this."
"I wasn’t planning on telling you but you said—"
He cut me off. "I know what I said, and now I’m saying don’t offer them any information. Let them tell you what they know and see what the cabinet is asking. Then we’ll see how quick I can get you out of here."
"I can’t leave my friends." I hesitated to use the term friends, but I couldn’t desert them.
"Coi won’t leave his girlfriend, and she can’t be moved right now. We can bring Bliss, but once word gets out about you, all the other compounds are going to want what you can offer, and you’ll turn into a bartering chip." He grabbed my arm and pulled me back into the main hallway. "Especially if you tell her about the Governor. She’ll take everything they have in order to give you back."
"I thought she wanted me to heal people?" I stumbled to keep up.
"She does, but that was before you had value beyond healing. She’d rather sell you than waste your value on the sick. Bartering is all this new world is about now."
"I don’t think I’m going to like this woman," I mumbled.
Matty stopped in front of two closed doors. He turned to me. "Try not to be nervous. Thank her for helping you and allowing you to be here. Be gracious."
"Okay." I nodded.
He rapped his knuckles on the door, two quick knocks before the door slid open and a short boy waved us in. It was a large, open room with little decoration. A raised stage was at the far end, and a woman and two men sat at a table not giving us any attention.
Matty took my elbow and led me to the front of the room. "I brought the girl."
The girl. I was surprised at the coolness Matty presented and wondered if the affection I thought we shared was all a ruse to gain information, but the light squeeze of my elbow told me this was the part of the plan.
The woman stood, bending over the table to point at something. "Thank you, Matty." She turned to face us, a shadow cast across her face, but the instant I saw her, I recognized her.
"Mom?"
Matty made a sound that was almost a groan, but his demeanor didn’t change. He held his head high and stood stiff.
My mom stood on the stage and looked down at me. I couldn’t take my eyes off her. She was older, but it was definitely her. I took a step toward her, my eyes focused on the woman I thought had died. If she hadn’t died, why didn’t she come back for me?
There was movement from the side of the stage. I forced myself to look at the figure who stood up from the table.
Now, I took a step back, my knees giving out. I felt myself collapsing. Matty came from behind, wrapping an arm around my waist and supporting me against his chest.
My mom took this opportunity to step off the stage, only giving a quick glance toward the Governor.
Matty’s arm tightened as she stepped toward me, the only thing keeping me on my feet.
"Olivia." She smiled, but it didn’t reach her eyes.
"Mom," I forced out. When I was younger, I’d imagined her coming back to me, telling me of the new world.
But she never did.
"She was only in the next town," I mumbled. "And she never came back."
Matty pulled me close and whispered the words, "It’s okay, I got you," over and over.
Mom stopped when she was a few feet from us. "Matty, thank you for bringing my daughter to me. You can go now."
I grabbed his arm and shook my head. "No. He stays."
She raised an eyebrow. "Olivia, darling."
I raised a hand. "Don’t." My voice cracked. I swallowed and tried again. Matty loosened his hold as I gained confidence. "Don’t call me darling. You lost that right when you walked out on me."
She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. "You were too little to understand."
"I’m not little now."
"Matty. You can go," she repeated again.
"All due respect, ma’am, but I’m not under your rules, and as long as Oli wants me here, I’m staying." Matty dropped his protective arm and stood beside me.
"Olivia," she ordered.
"I think I’ll let him stay." I glanced his way and gave him a small smile.
Her gaze lingered on Matty. "So, this is the girl who heals? My daughter?"
Matty didn’t answer.
"This makes for an interesting development." My mom sighed and turned to walk back to the stage, slowly climbing the stairs to hover above us.
I was hurt my mom hadn’t ran down the steps and hugged me. Shown me some sort of affection. But she’d walked away from me without a backward glance, so why would I expect anything more?
The Governor stepped toward her, but his eyes never left me. "We had a deal."
"It’s not my fault she left." My mother picked up some papers and restacked them.
"She came to you."
I couldn’t stand by and listen to them talk about me as if I wasn’t here. I stepped forward. Matty’s hand brushed my arm, but I shifted before he could pull me back. "I did not come to her. I didn’t know she was here. The Guard pushed us here."
The Governor’s icy eyes drilled into me. "Either way, you arrived at your mother’s doorstep."
"That she did and brought some extraordinary skills. I believe a renegotiation is in order."
"I believe I have a voice in this." I stepped closer to their self-proclaimed thrones.
Neither of them acknowledged me.
Matty stepped up beside me and wrapped a hand around my elbow.
"You can keep the others. I just want what I was promised." The Governor moved closer to the table separating them. Ben and Kyle stepped out from the shadows as his wing men.
"Oh no," I whispered.
Matty squeezed my elbow in a silent gesture of support.
"The others don’t have the gift of healing. Why would I want them?" She laughed. "More mouths to feed in an already dwindling world?"
I glanced at the Guard, then Matty. "I’m not staying here, and I’m not going back."
The Governor laughed.
"You have no say in what I do," I said.
The Governor hopped down the steps, his Guard at his side. He stopped in front of me and grabbed my chin. "I have every right," he sneered. "I have every right because your mother bought her freedom with you. I waited. But it’s time you pay. You will return with me, and you will become my wife."
Matty pulled me closer, supporting me as my knees weakened and threatened to give out. A weight sat on my chest. I didn’t want Matty to hear of my mother’s disregard for me. I didn’t want to hear it. I knew somewhere in my memories that my parents weren’t very attentive even before the sickness hit, but this was ridiculous.
Matty lunged and punched the Governor in the chin. To his credit, he didn’t go down, but Matty did when Ben took his bat and took him out at the knees. I pushed the Governor in the chest and went to Matty’s side. The two men standing beside my mom jumped off the stage and grabbed Matty by the arms, rushing him out of the room while Ben grabbed me to keep me in place. "Let him go. This has nothing to do with him. He isn’t a part of this," I yelled, struggling to get free of Ben’s hold. I was continuing to drag people down with me. My breathing was raspy as I attempted to pull myself together.
The Governor straightened, rubbing his chin. His expression remained stoic and unreadable. I stopped struggling and waited for them to continue their bartering. The Governor looked at me expectantly, but I refused to sell myself for Matty’s freedom. I was sure once the decision was made, he would be let go.
"We need her gift to keep our enclosure going. To grow. We send people out to find other survivors, and they get injured. Your barrier is dying. What good is she to you?" my mother said flippantly.
The Governor laughed. "She has wealth far beyond healing your injured." He glanced at me. "If she is even capable of healing."
"She was shot by an arrow and is walking around fine today," my mother announced.
"I think I would know if she has some healing power." He waved his hands in the air. "Because Miriam, I was the one taking care of her for the last eight years."
"I’ve taken care of myself." I struggled to get free of Ben’s hold.
"Obviously, we need to discuss this further. I’ll have my men detain her until we can come to a new agreement." My mom nodded to a man who came over to us. Ben didn’t look like he was going to give me up. We hadn’t left on the best of terms. But with a nod from the Governor, my possession was turned over to my mother’s men. I was torn over who I was fighting. I knew I didn’t want to return to the barrier, but did I want to stay here with my mother? I looked over my shoulder and did the only thing I could think of, I called out to a mom I knew wouldn’t listen. "Mom, please. Don’t send me back."
I was led away and locked in a room with no windows; I was left in total blackness. My eyes were unable to adjust to see what may be in the room with me. I ran my hands down the walls, over the floor, searching for a weapon or a way out but found nothing.
I fisted my hands and beat on the door. "Help!" I called. "Let me out!" When my hands tired, I kicked until I finally slumped to the floor, exhausted. I was stuck here until a new deal was made for my life. I crossed my arms over my knees and lowered my forehead, giving myself permission to cry for a mother who left me, but more so for a mother who sold her child for her freedom. I allowed myself only minutes to grieve over my past. My future was held in the hands of my Father, a Father who had provided for me since I was born, a Father who had seen me through to this point, and a Father who I would praise until my dying day…
Which would not be today and would not be at the hands of these people.
ABOUT THE AUTHOR


A new resident of Montana, Connie Ann Michael grew up in a close family on the outskirts of Seattle. Drawn to the Lord she’s followed her calling of service and has taught for twenty-six years, currently the fifth grade teacher at Crow Agency Public School, on the Crow Reservation. Connie loves her family and is lucky enough to have two grown boys. Living with her husband and two dogs in Big Sky country, Connie enjoys any activity that takes her outside and is working hard to overcome her fear of being eaten by a bear to enjoy more hiking trips in the mountains.

Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/connieannmichael/
Twitter:  https://twitter.com/connieamichael
Blog: http://connie-avidreader.blogspot.com/
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/connie.e.michael/?hl=en
Pinterest: https://www.pinterest.com/connieemichael/
