FREEDOM

by Angela Dorsey

Copyright 2011 Angela Dorsey
www.aydorsey.com
Published by Enchanted Pony Books
www.ponybooks.com



License Notes:
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Table of Contents

Freedom
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Echo
Also Available by Angela Dorsey
Connect

Chapter 1


It seemed to Jani they had been driving forever.
She watched silently as the city slipped away and green fields appeared among the clumps of houses, like huge emeralds in the folds of a giant patchwork quilt.
Now the fields were beginning to blend into forests. Jani stared into the shadows beneath the trees. The trunks flashed by like spokes on a bike and once she thought she saw a deer in the darkness, but she wasn’t sure. They were moving too fast.
She let out a long, deep sigh, then glanced sideways. Her mom didn’t seem to have noticed. She was watching the road ahead with a contented expression on her face. How could she act like this was just another normal day, when Jani’s whole life was falling apart?
It’s just not fair! thought Jani, her eyes stinging with tears. She couldn’t believe they were actually driving away from the city forever, away from their cozy apartment and her best friend and the stables and almost everything she had ever cared for. She ducked her head so her long brown hair would hide the unwelcome tears and tried to blink them away. I’m not going to cry, she declared to herself. I am NOT going to cry!
“Jani, I know this is hard for you, especially leaving Maria and the riding stable,” her mom said gently. “I hope you know we aren’t doing this to make you unhappy.”
Jani wanted to say something in return but the lump in her throat was too big. If only her mom knew how much it hurt to leave all her friends, both human and horse. She felt so helpless. All she could do was peer out the window with blurry eyes.
“Are you okay, honey?” Her mom reached over to touch Jani’s arm. Jani couldn’t stop herself from pulling away. She pinned her eyes to the wild sweet clover slipping by at the side of the road. Not only did she feel horribly sad, she felt mean. Her mom and dad were so excited about their new business and all she could do was make them feel bad. She knew moving to Red River was a dream come true for them. They had envisioned owning a small town newspaper for years, and finally one had come up for sale at a price they could afford and in a town they liked.
They were ecstatic about the move. Jani’s mom was always smiling now and her dad had turned into an even more irritating tease -- when he had the time. In the last few months, both her parents had been incredibly busy, travelling back and forth, choosing a new house, going over the accounts and operations of the Red River Report with the previous owner, and working at their regular jobs back home. Then yesterday they had moved their furniture and other belongings to the new house.
Jani hadn’t seen the house yet, partly because school had just closed that morning for summer holidays, and partly because she hadn’t wanted to. But, unfortunately, she knew all about it. Her mom and dad had described everything to her, even though she told them she didn’t want to even think about moving. Somehow, she’d been able to keep alive the faint hope that it wouldn’t happen, that they wouldn’t move. Until today.
Quickly she listed what her mom and dad had said about their new home. A medium-sized house. Lots of gardens. In a small town. It all sounded so ordinary. But she had to admit there was one cool thing -- the land. Five amazing acres. And most of it would be Keeta’s new home.
Keeta! Her beautiful, glorious Keeta! The elegant, chestnut pinto had arrived at Megan’s Riding Stable two years before, though now it seemed to Jani as if she’d known the mare all her life. Keeta had been a skinny three-year-old then, with a dread of being shut in small places. Her former owner had kept her penned up in a stall, and the first few times Megan turned her out, all Keeta wanted to do was run. She galloped around and around the paddock, her head and tail in the air, until she was dripping with sweat and foam flecked her shoulders. Only then would she let Megan come up to her. After a few weeks, Keeta calmed down. When Megan began to train her, she was amazed at how kind and responsive the filly was.
For Jani, it was love at first sight. Time after time, she found herself outside Keeta’s paddock or stall. And soon Keeta started looking for her. She would neigh whenever she heard Jani’s voice and rush to whatever barrier was between them, calling out until Jani was beside her. Eventually, the bond between them became so strong that Megan gave Jani permission to ride Keeta. And the best time of Jani’s life began.
Jani and Keeta spent countless afternoons riding the trails at the stables, stopping under the trees to rest, and galloping through the meadows. Jani smiled when she thought of the magical way the sunlight glistened on Keeta’s shoulders as she ran, making the chestnut patches ripple like waves of molten lava. Her heavy cream-coloured mane flew back to swirl around Jani’s hands like a silken whirlwind and her flint hooves shook the earth like thunder.
Then six months ago, on Jani’s twelfth birthday, her parents had handed her a large brown envelope instead of a present. Inside was a picture of Keeta with a big red bow tied around her neck. Attached were registration papers, which listed Jani as the owner of Chikeeta Dreamsong, Keeta’s registered name. When Jani saw the papers and the photo, she hadn’t been able to speak. She just stood there with her mouth hanging open like a total dork. To this day, she was relieved her dad hadn’t whipped out his camera. It would’ve been so embarrassing! As it was, on that day there was nothing to spoil her birthday or what promised to be the best year of her life.
No, that happened a few weeks later when her parents told her they were moving. At first moving hadn’t seemed that important compared to owning Keeta. But now that the time had come, Jani felt terrible. Most of all, she was going to miss her best friend, Maria.
But Keeta can live with me now, she reminded herself. I’ve got to think of the good things. I just hope she likes it there.
“Mom?”
“Yes, honey?”
“Dad said there was a barn on the property for Keeta. What’s it like?”
Her mom wrinkled her nose. Her short blonde hair swung as she turned her head to glance at Jani, then looked back at the road. “It’s small and very, very old. I think we should tear it down and build a new one.”
“Dad said it’s haunted.”
Jani’s mom laughed and fluttered her hand in dismissal. She always moved with a grace Jani hoped she would inherit someday. “Your dad also told you the corner store was haunted,” she said.
“I don’t believe him about the barn,” Jani said defensively. “And I was only six when he told me about the store.” Jani looked down at her hands and sighed again. Finally she spoke in a quiet voice. “Mom, why do you think I’ll like it there?”
“Well, there are lots of reasons,” her mom replied. “It’ll be wonderful to have a house and yard instead of a tiny apartment. And Keeta will be right outside the door anytime you want to see her and not a twenty-minute bus ride away. And hey, and I noticed another horse in the neighbourhood last time we were there. Maybe it belongs to someone your age and you’ll have a friend to go riding with.” She paused for a moment, then continued. “The school seems good, even though it’s small. Your dad and I went in and talked to the principal. He said they have a super-talented art teacher.”
“If the school’s that small, it means I’m going to be a total outsider,” said Jani. “The other kids have probably known each other since kindergarten. They won’t want to be friends with me.”
“Of course they will! Why wouldn’t they? You’re smart and nice and talented and athletic and gorgeous. Why wouldn’t they like you?”
Jani knew when to change the subject. There would be no convincing her mom that she wouldn’t be the most popular girl in the new school. “Where is this town?” she complained to change the subject, turning back to the window. “We’ve been driving for hours.”
“Actually we’re almost there.”
“What? But there’s only trees!”
“Well, our house isn’t right in Red River,” replied her mom. “And you’re in luck. It looks like we’ll get there just before dark, so you can check out the yard and paddock. I know you’ll love it. And so will Keeta. There are tons of places to ride.”
The car slowed down and Jani’s mom flicked on the turn signal. They pulled onto a road marked by a leaning sign that read ‘Solomon Way.’ The side road was lined with ancient trees, their branches meeting and intertwining overhead. They passed a house, then a field, and then two more houses. A large white pony wandered along the fence of a small paddock, shining silver in the twilight.
He looks just like Captain, Megan’s Welsh Pony stallion, thought Jani, and felt tears threaten once more. Would she ever see Captain again? Or Jedi? Or Winnie?
A couple of little kids were racing their tricycles down a driveway. One of them stopped and waved to Jani as the car drove past and, swallowing her tears, she waved back.
“Well, here we are,” said her mom, turning the car onto a short gravel driveway. Her voice was full of excitement. “Home at last!”
Chapter 2


A small, two-storey house stood in front of them. Its white, freshly painted sides were accented by a dark green roof and trim. A clump of weeping birch trees graced one side of the yard and a profusion of flowers decorated the pathway leading to the porch. To Jani, it looked like a bright, multicoloured river sweeping around stepping stones. I can see why Mom fell in love with this place, she thought. She loves flowers.
“Do you like it?” Jani’s mom asked. Her voice was hopeful.
“The gardens are okay. Where’s Keeta’s paddock?” Jani asked, sounding more eager than she wanted.
Her mom laughed. “Hold on a minute. What about the house?”
“It’s nice. Kind of cute,” Jani answered. She looked at the house for a few more seconds. “It looks like the kind of house hobbits would live in, if they lived in houses instead of holes. ‘And that means comfort,’” she quoted from her favourite book, The Hobbit.
“You’re right. And it’s going to seem huge after our apartment, especially since we don’t have enough furniture to fill it yet.”
“Let’s go see Keeta’s paddock and the barn now,” said Jani, this time succeeding at sounding like she didn’t care. She opened the car door and stepped out into the warm evening air. The intoxicating scent of a dozen different flowers floated around her.
“We’ll have to hurry,” her mom replied. “It’s going to be too dark to see in a few minutes. I’ll give you the quick tour.” She waved her arm to the left as she walked. “That side of the front yard is mainly lawn, as you can see, but there’s a long flower bed of lilies along the line of trees. Some of the trees are on our property too and there’s a trail that goes into the forest. I walked to the end of the right fork the other day, so it’ll be okay for you to ride there when Keeta gets here. It goes right into town. Maybe we could hike the left fork together sometime and check it out.” She paused beside the garage. “Here’s the vegetable garden.” She grinned at Jani. “I hope you like to weed.”
“It sounds like I’m going to have to learn,” Jani replied with a grimace as she looked at the dark, tilled earth beside the garage. Plants had sprung up between the greenery in the rows. “The weeds are the biggest plants in the garden.”
“It’s just not fair, is it?” her mom teased. They walked past the vegetable garden and around the back of the two-car garage attached to the house.
Keeta’s pasture stretched out before them, green and lush. In the middle of the field, three huge cottonwood trees reached toward the sky. A playful evening breeze swirled around the branches making the leaves flicker and tremble like thousands of little waving hands. Their soft, rustling music filling the air with greeting.
Keeta’s going to love this place, Jani thought. Lots of room to run. Trees for shade. Delicious grass. Her eyes followed the weathered pole fence that surrounded the pasture. The wood caught the last faint glimmers of the evening light and shone a soft dove-grey against the darkening trees at the back of the property.
The trees were smaller along the right side of the field, as if the forest had been logged a long time before. Suddenly, Jani’s eyes stopped. A dark building crouched against the trees in the front right corner of the pasture.
“Is that the barn?” Jani asked her mom, forgetting she was supposed to sound bored.
“Yeah. It’s not that great, is it?”
“It’s ugly,” said Jani.
“It’s a fire hazard too. The logs are tinder dry and there’s a rotting stack of hay behind it that might ignite on a hot day,” said her mom. “We thought of fixing it up after moving the hay, but it doesn’t seem worth the effort.” She shrugged.
“Why? Is it caving in?” asked Jani.
“Oh no, it’s strong enough, but the inside is beaten up and it needs a floor and partitions for stalls. We thought it would be better in the long run to just use it until we can build a new one. Then we can put the new barn where we want it. It’s not very convenient stuck away off in the corner like that. And besides,” she said smiling at Jani, “it’s ugly.”
Jani couldn’t help but grin, even though her mom and dad had told her about the possibility of a new barn before. “It would be great to have a new barn,” she said. She could just picture it. It would be white like the house, but with blue trim instead of green. It would have stalls, grain bins and a place to put her horse stuff. Then the sweet smell of hay and horses would soak into the new wood, making it smell as homey and familiar as Megan’s stable.
“It won’t need to be huge either, just big enough for a couple of horses, the tack and the hay. If you make friends with some girls around here who have horses, they can spend the night.” Jani’s mom smiled.
“Yeah,” agreed Jani. “And if Maria can come to visit we can sleep in the barn in the extra stall next to Keeta. That would be so awesome!”
“Well, let me show you the house,” her mom suggested. Night was creeping up on them. As they started back, Jani paused to watch the last bit of light plunge below the horizon. The black lump of the barn melted into the dark trees behind it.
A strange chill raced along Jani’s spine as the building disappeared into the blackness. She strained to see any glimmer on its dark form. Then I’ll know it’s still there in the corner, she thought.
What a strange thing to think, Jani scolded herself as she turned and ran to catch up to her mom. It’s like I’m scared an old building might be stalking me!
When they reached the house, her mom skipped up the steps to the back porch and opened the screen door. “We carried everything in yesterday, but nothing’s been unpacked yet,” she said cheerfully. “Hopefully we can get a lot done tomorrow.”
“No problem,” said Jani. Her mom unlocked the door and fumbled for the light switch. Light filled the room – and Jani groaned. Stacks of boxes were everywhere. The living room looked like an obstacle course with furniture wedged among the cartons. Jani could tell there was a fireplace because a stone chimney stretched up the wall, but the fireplace itself was completely hidden by boxes heaped with blankets and quilts. “How did we get so much stuff?” she asked.
Jani’s mom laughed. “This is almost everything,” she said. “A few boxes are upstairs in the home office and the movers put all the furniture in the right rooms too, but we told them to leave most of the boxes and smaller things in here.” She picked her way through the piles toward the room to their right. “This is the master bedroom,” she said as they stepped through the doorway.	
“It’s nice,” Jani said as she glanced into the pale green room, “Where’s mine?”
“Oh, of course, how silly of me. It’s upstairs. I think you’ll like it,” her mom said as she led the way. At the top of the stairs there were three doors. She opened the one on the right. “Here it is.”
Jani stepped eagerly into the large, cheerful room. Her bed, dresser, night table and desk were in the centre of the ivory carpet, but otherwise the room was bare. Two walls were painted a bright yellow and two were white. Near the ceiling, a sunflower wallpaper border edged the room.
“My own bathroom?” said Jani, as she peeked into the small baby-blue bathroom that adjoined the bedroom. “Cool.” She walked to the window that looked out the back of the house. “This room’s so big.” She sat down on the built-in window seat. The cushions were soft and welcoming. “Too big,” she added, and frowned.
Her mom beamed. “Nothing wrong with big,” she said. “Come on, I want you to see the rest.” She led the way out to the hall and opened the second door. “Here’s another bathroom,” she said, then laughed and added, “We have plenty of bathrooms. A plethora of bathrooms you might say.”
She opened the third door. “This is the room we’re going to use for the home office,” she said. “That way your dad and I can spend more time at home and do some work in the evenings if we need to.”
The home office was a pale blue and only slightly smaller than Jani’s room. The computer was already unpacked and sitting on the desk among neat piles of paper.
“You can have this room if you want instead of the yellow one,” Jani’s mom continued. “I just thought you’d like the bigger one better.”
“I do,” said Jani.
“Well, let’s go downstairs and I’ll show you the rest of the house.”
“Yeah, how about the kitchen? I’m starved,” said Jani, then quickly added, “Sorry, Mom. I meant very hungry.” Her mom hated it when she said she was either starved or famished. Jani couldn’t count how many times she had been reminded that there were kids in the world who really were starving.
“It’s on the other side of the living room,” said Jani’s mom and started down the stairs.
Jani liked the kitchen. It was bright and airy, with windows toward the back yard. She leaned over the sink to look out the window, but because it was dark all she saw was her own reflection. “I bet I’ll be able to see most of Keeta’s pasture from here in the daytime,” she said.
“Then you can watch Keeta while you do dishes,” her mom said, laughing at the expression on Jani’s face.
The kitchen had a breakfast nook set in a bay window. Their small, round table already stood in the curved room, the chairs neatly around it. Some of her mom’s houseplants were on the table waiting to be hung in the big window.
“What’s this room for?” Jani asked walking into another room off the kitchen.
“It’s supposed to be a formal dining room, but we’re going to turn it into a TV room and library combination. We need someplace to put all your dad’s books.”
“Mine too,” said Jani, then added, “Hey, I can keep them in my room now. It’s so big.”
“And that’s basically the complete tour. Well, except for the downstairs bathroom, but we’ve seen enough bathrooms for one day,” said her mom. “Let’s eat.”
After a supper of sandwiches, Jani and her mom went through a few boxes labelled “Kitchen” and put the pots and pans, plates and utensils into the proper cupboards and drawers. Then they phoned Jani’s dad to let him know they arrived safely. He still had one more day of work at his old job and the day after that he was bringing Keeta to their new home.
After saying hi to her dad on the phone and goodnight to her mom, Jani grabbed some sheets and blankets from the hearth and went upstairs. Even though she was exhausted, the strangeness of sleeping in a new house kept her awake. She tossed and turned for a long time. She was finally able to fall asleep by pulling the covers over her head, concentrating on the familiar feel of her own bed, and pretending she was back home in her own room.

The next morning, when her mom called up the stairs, Jani didn’t want to get out of bed. When the third call included the threat of cold water on her head, she scowled and forced herself to sit up. Why was she so tired? She hadn’t done anything yesterday except go to school in the morning and then drive to the new house.
If only she could curl up again and pull the covers over her head. Instead she forced herself to get out of bed and walk to her bedroom window. Keeta’s pasture stretched out below her. The cottonwood trees were as majestic as they had been the evening before and the pasture as scenic. Jani sat in the window seat and rested her head against the window frame. Yes, it was beautiful but…
The stairs creaked. Her mom! Jani jumped up and ran to the door to lock it. “Don’t worry, Mom. I’m up. I’m getting dressed right now,” she called out.
“You’re lucky,” was the laughing response and Mom headed back downstairs with her glass of water.
Right after breakfast, they started the big job of moving boxes. The living room was almost empty by early afternoon, though furniture was still strewn about. The boxes that belonged upstairs were stacked near the bottom step and the others had been deposited in their proper rooms. All of the boxes marked “Kitchen” were unpacked and everything had been put away.
Before starting on the books in the library/TV room, Jani took a break from working inside and unpacked her horse gear from the trunk of the car. She put the saddle in the garage on a sawhorse her dad had made for her. Above it on pegs she hung the bridle and the bright blue halter she’d bought as a surprise for Keeta. The bucket of grooming supplies and containers of salve, fly repellent and horse shampoo sat on a shelf beside the bridle.
It’ll be nice when we get the new barn, thought Jani. Then I can keep all my horse stuff in a tack room instead of in the garage. Before going outside to check the fence in Keeta’s pasture, Jani stood back to admire her work. I’ll need to buy some saddle soap and Neatsfoot oil, she noted. At Megan’s stable, saddle soap and oil were always provided.
She grabbed a hammer from her dad’s toolbox and went through the back door of the garage. When she looked out her window that morning, Jani noticed that the fence rails were all in place, but she wanted to be sure none were loose. Keeta liked to scratch herself on wooden fences and Jani worried that she might accidentally knock down any wobbly rails and get out of her pasture.
The grass swished around Jani’s ankles as she walked along the fence line. One by one, she grabbed the rails and jerked, but they were all solid and sturdy. She didn’t see any protruding nails. When she had walked completely around the pasture, Jani headed back to the old barn. Her dad had left three bright yellow bales of straw outside the barn door and Jani hoped she would have time to spread them on the floor before her mom called her back in to unpack more boxes.
“Jani!” As if on cue, her mom called from the porch, “Come help me move the boxes upstairs, okay?”
“I want to do the barn first!” Jani yelled back. Why couldn’t she ever do what she wanted to do?
“You can do it tomorrow morning. There will be lots of time then.”
Jani grimaced. “Okay, I’ll be right there,” she answered and turned back to the house. “Why should I have to help unpack anyway,” she muttered to herself. “It wasn’t my stupid idea to move!”
Chapter 3


By ten o’clock that night almost everything had been put away, and the kitchen cupboards and fridge were full of food after a quick trip into town. Jani and her mom had gone only to the bank and the grocery store. Jani wanted to check out the shopping centre, and see if there was a swimming pool in town, but her mom said they were too busy.
After they phoned her dad, though, she had been able to phone Maria. They had talked for almost half an hour. Maria had filled her in on a first-day-of-summer-holidays party one of the kids had invited them to and Jani told Maria about her new house, the flowers that flowed like a river and Keeta’s pasture. They were only supposed to talk for fifteen minutes, so when the time was up they tried to say good-bye, but they kept remembering new things to talk about. They were promising each other to write every week when Maria’s dad threatened to disconnect and they had to say good-bye for real.
Jani yawned as she walked into her new bedroom. She was so tired. The room looked beautiful, despite all of her things still lying around. But it wasn’t home. Maybe it’ll help when all my stuff is put away, Jani thought. Or maybe when Keeta and Dad get here. I’m so glad they’re going to be here tomorrow.
Before she climbed into bed, Jani walked to the window. It was too dark to see anything outside, especially with the light on in her room, but she remembered how it had looked that morning. She could just picture Keeta running and playing in the waving grass. Her long mane would be flying around her delicate head and arched neck. Her feet would be dancing as quick as lightning.
Maybe I should find my sketchbook tomorrow. I’d like to draw Keeta on her first day here, thought Jani as she walked back to her bed. She sighed and picked up her ragged teddy bear from his special bear-sized chair.
“What do you think, Brown Bear? Do you like our new house?” she asked, giving the teddy bear a hug. She’d had Brown Bear since she was four years old. The old stuffed bear was worn and scruffy, mended a dozen times in as many places. Bare patches showed in his matted fur and one eye had been replaced and was bigger than the other, making him look as though he was about to wink. Jani rubbed her cheek against the tufted fur and laid him on her pillow.
After getting into her pajamas, she turned off the light and climbed into bed. “I know it’s nice here, Brown Bear,” she whispered. “But it seems like I’m in somebody else’s house.” There was a long silence, then Jani murmured in a drowsy voice, “It’s just not fair. They didn’t even listen to me when I said I wanted to stay at home.”
It seemed as if she had only been asleep for ten minutes when the alarm went off. Jani hit the button, groaned and pulled the pillow over her head.
As she dozed, she dreamed that she could hear Maria calling her over and over again. But Jani couldn’t answer. Every time she tried to call back, her dad or mom would stuff a cream-filled doughnut into her mouth. When she heard Keeta neighing to her, she bolted wide-awake.
It took her a moment to realize that it was just a dream and that Keeta wasn’t there yet. She glanced at her clock. Nine twenty-three. Definitely time to get up! Jani threw on her clothes, quickly brushed her teeth and ran downstairs. She found her mom busy writing at the kitchen table.
“Mom, I’m going to fix up the barn,” Jani said as she hurried out the back door.
“What about breakfast?” Her mom called after her.
“I won’t be long,” Jani replied, glancing back over her shoulder. “Dad said there wasn’t much to do.”
She grabbed an old broom, the hammer and a flashlight from the garage. Her dad had told her there were some cobwebs to sweep down and Jani wanted to check for any loose or protruding nails that could hurt Keeta if she brushed up against them. Then there was the straw to spread out and the water trough by the gate to fill.
When Jani walked up to the log barn, she was surprised at how small it really was. The rusty hinges shrieked as she pulled the door open, sending a shiver down her back. Like fingernails on a blackboard, she thought, as she glanced around and found a big rock to roll in front of the open door. The hinges seemed too stiff to let the door swing shut, but she felt better knowing the rock was there.
It’s so dark inside, thought Jani, as she peered into the shadows. She used the broom to wipe away the thick, drooping cobwebs clinging to the top of the doorway, then stepped into the barn. Once inside, it took a minute for her eyes to adjust to the dim light.
I wonder if Keeta will like using this old dungeon, even if it’s only for a year or so, Jani thought. It smells like it’s been closed up forever. She coughed as the stale, musty air caught in her throat.
When Jani’s eyes adjusted to the dimness, there still wasn’t much to look at -- a hard-packed, uneven dirt floor, four walls and a high sloping roof. And in the corner, something she couldn’t see very well. Something half-hidden in the shadows.
It looked like a huge rock.
She remembered the flashlight in her pocket and pulled it out. Light flooded the corner. The shadows seemed to shift, then fall apart into nothingness.
“Woo,” breathed Jani. “Pretty scary.” But why would there be a big rock inside a barn? she wondered, and shook her head. It couldn’t be of any use to anyone, could it? Maybe they built the barn around it because it was too big to move.
The rock was tall and twisted, standing upright as if someone had put it there on purpose. The light from the flashlight contorted into weird shapes on the stone’s uneven surface.
Cool! It looks like a gravestone from an old horror movie, Jani thought, remembering one she had watched with her mom and dad. Hey I know, I bet it’s a gravestone for some horrible, disgusting thing, like a mutant slug that was sliming people, so they lured it into the barn and dropped the rock on it to kill it. They all went home, thinking it was dead, but of course the mega-slug slimed out from under the rock and oozed its way from house to house…
Jani giggled to herself as she flicked the flashlight from the monstrous stone and along the walls of the barn. She groaned. They were covered with dusty sheets of cobwebs, some with long tendrils that waved in the disturbed air.
Yeah, right, Dad, just sweep down a few cobwebs, that’s all! Jani said to herself as she grimly shoved the flashlight in her pocket, all thoughts of mega-slugs erased from her mind. Oh gross, I hope they aren’t full of spiders.
Most of the cobwebs came away easily in long grey streamers, but some smaller clumps clung to the old logs. After clearing the dry threads from one wall, Jani surveyed her work with the flashlight. Puzzled, she stepped closer and ran her hand over the surface.
Great gouges had been ripped out of the heavy logs. The splinters had fallen away over time, but the scars remained, cut deep into the wood.
It’s as if someone chopped at the walls with an axe, Jani thought. No, not an axe, something duller, like a sledgehammer.
Suddenly the air around her seemed to grow heavy. She could feel cold, unfriendly eyes tunnelling into the back of her head. Evil slug eyes. Goosebumps sprang up on her arms. Spinning around, Jani shone her flashlight onto the giant, twisted stone behind her. The shadows faded away from the bright beam.
“Don’t be silly,” she said aloud, to chase away the strange feeling of being watched. No wonder Dad’s always teasing me about my wild imagination, she thought.
Jani swept the cobwebs from behind the stone and from the other three walls as high as she could reach, then began to lay the straw out on the hard dirt floor.
It all took almost an hour, but when the job was finished, the little barn was much improved. With the sun gushing in the open doorway and brightening the clean yellow straw, it looked almost cozy and comfortable. The fresh morning wind had blown away most of the musty air and the sweet scent of the straw bedding filled the barn. Only a couple of stray cobwebs were left to wave lightly in the breeze. Jani could hear the birds singing outside and their happy music made the transformation of the old barn seem complete.
Taking one last look around, Jani noticed a clump of straw she’d missed. As she broke it apart she heard a familiar, muted sound beyond the rustling. She stopped and listened.
There it was again. The soft, faraway noise of a snorting horse.
“Keeta?” she whispered to herself.
Mystified, Jani stepped to the door and looked out. There was no horse trailer in the driveway. She stepped back into the barn. What did I hear then? Could I hear the neighbour’s horse from here?
Suddenly Jani’s breath stopped short. She could feel the flesh on her arms prickle in fear. Hadn’t she just seen a flicker of movement in the dark shadow of the rock? She gasped as she felt the cold heaviness return, rolling over her like a thick, suffocating fog.
Then she saw it! A dark shapelessness that seemed to draw out from nothing. Sheer terror engulfed Jani’s body, paralyzing her. Slowly, the black, smoky mass began to swirl and boil. Jani watched breathlessly as four long, murky tendrils escaped from the writhing blackness and shot toward the floor of the barn.
The flashlight, she thought frantically. Grab the flashlight! Quickly she reached into her pocket and clutched at the light. Brightness flooded the corner.
Nothing!
For a moment Jani couldn’t breathe, couldn’t think. Then a deep, jagged breath tore into her lungs and her thoughts tumbled in an avalanche of desperate explanations. It must be my imagination. It’s too horrible to be real. I’ve been reading too many ghost stories. There couldn’t have been anything there. It was just a crazy horrible daydream.
The sound of a honking horn made her jump. Keeta and Dad!
With a great effort she tried to force her terror out of her mind. She backed the few steps to the door and stopped there for a moment against the doorpost. With a pounding heart, she shone the flashlight on the black stone once more. Her shaking hands made the light tremble along the shifting surface.
Forget it. Of course there’s nothing there, she reminded herself. It was only my imagination.
After one more shaky breath, she turned and ran toward the horse trailer pulling into the driveway.
Chapter 4


“Hi Dad. How’s Keeta?” Jani asked in an unsteady voice as her father climbed out of the pickup.
“Great, as usual,” Jani’s dad replied. “Have you got the barn ready?” He looked toward the house to watch Jani’s mom walk toward them. “Hi, honey,” he called out.
Jani was relieved that her dad didn’t seem to notice her agitation. “Yeah, it’s ready,” she called over her shoulder as she hurried around to the back of the horse trailer.
She opened the trailer doors and entered to untie the impatient mare. Keeta eagerly backed down the ramp of the trailer. At the bottom she stood still as a statue, her head high. She sniffed the scented air, then sidestepped nervously and let out a loud neigh.
“Sorry, girl, all your friends are back home,” Jani said as she ran her hand along the silky neck. “Mine too.” Keeta stomped her foot, then lowered her muzzle. She puffed affectionately into Jani’s hair, then again onto her cheek. Jani giggled as the hot breath tickled her face.
“She’s glad to see you, Jani,” her dad said from behind her.
“I’m glad to see her too.” Jani gently pulled Keeta’s head lower. She kissed the mare on the little swirl of hair in the middle of her forehead.
Jani’s mom rubbed Keeta behind the ears and smiled at her husband. “And I’m glad that you and Keeta made it in one piece,” she joked.
Jani’s dad grinned. “What are you trying to say?” he replied. “That I’m a klutz around horses?”
“Oh no,” she countered with a twinkle in her eyes. “I would never say that.”
“Hey, we were just fine,” he protested. “Ask Keeta if you don’t believe me.” He winked at Jani. “I stopped twice to check on her. The first time she just stared back as if to say, ‘What are you waiting for? Let’s get going,’ and the second time she looked kind of annoyed with me.”
“Hey, can I go with you when you take Megan’s horse trailer back?” Jani asked hopefully. She would love to see if Captain missed her.
“Sure, but I’m not taking it back to Megan’s place,” her dad replied. “She bought a horse from a ranch near here, so I’ll take it there. They’ll use it to deliver the horse to her.”
Jani held back her tears with an effort. Don’t be stupid, she told herself. You were at the stable just a few days ago. She turned toward Keeta and slowly began to straighten the long forelock.
“I made sure all the poles in the fence were strong so you don’t need to check the fence,” Jani’s dad said.
“I already did.”
“And you got the barn ready?” he asked for the second time.
Jani felt her mood lighten a little. “Yeah and, by the way, Dad, thanks for telling me there were only a few cobwebs.”
“Like I said, it was just a small job.” He laughed and reached over to pull a long silver cobweb from Jani’s hair. “Looks like you had fun, anyway,” he said.
“I’ll get even. Just wait and see,” Jani said looking back over her shoulder as she turned to lead Keeta toward the pasture. “And that’s a promise.” She couldn’t help but smile at the look of mock horror on her dad’s face.
First Jani led Keeta around the inside of the fence. She knew the mare would explode into a run once she was turned loose and wanted her to see exactly where the fence was first, so she could stop in time.
The red and white pinto pranced beside Jani, sniffing the fresh air. Her hooves beat gently on the soft ground. She jumped a little as a startled rabbit leaped out from behind a bush and disappeared into the trees.
Jani put her hand on the mare’s neck to steady her. It felt so good to have Keeta beside her. She twisted her fingers in the long mane as they swished through the tender grass, following the big square of the fence around the pasture. Then she tied Keeta near the gate and ran to get the new halter she had bought.
“This is for you, baby,” she said as she held up the bright blue halter for Keeta to see. She unbuckled the faded one Keeta was wearing and put the new one on her elegant head. The noseband was too big so Jani adjusted the buckle under Keeta’s chin. Then she clipped the lead rope onto the halter ring and stood back to see how it looked. The color set off Keeta’s chestnut patches perfectly, making her seem to glow from within.
Jani gazed in admiration at the beautiful mare. The dished face, small ears and short back inherited from her Arabian dam blended perfectly with the long legs, slender body and red splashes she had received from her Saddlebred sire. From both she had inherited her high set head and tail.
Impatiently, Keeta snorted and pawed the ground. Jani untied the rope from the fence and Keeta walked to the empty water trough and blew great breaths into the dry bottom.
“Sorry I didn’t have everything ready in time,” Jani apologized to Keeta as she tied the rope again and patted the mare on the neck. She climbed through the fence and ran to turn on the tap. A thin stream began to trickle through the hose. As the water slowly spilled into the trough, Jani led Keeta to investigate the barn.
When they approached the shadowy doorway, Jani hesitated. In the excitement of Keeta’s arrival, she had tried to forget what she’d thought she’d seen, but now it leaped back into her mind. Keeta sensed her uneasiness and paused outside the door.
“It’s okay, girl,” Jani said with more conviction than she felt. “There’s nothing in there except my crazy imagination. You don’t have to go in anyway, if you don’t want to.”
She gave Keeta’s lead rope more slack to let her investigate and put her hand on the mare’s shoulder. The muscles were ridged and tense. Keeta took a step forward and put her blazed head into the barn. She looked deep into the semi-darkness to the shadows beyond. Suddenly her head came up and her ears stiffened forward. She paused for a long moment, then snorted softly and walked into the barn.
Jani followed her, amazed that Keeta would enter of her own free will. Keeta didn’t even like the barn at Megan’s. She was always afraid of being left inside for too long.
Jani held the end of the rope as she watched Keeta move around the barn, sniffing the straw, the walls and the stone monument. The mare’s movements slowly became less tense and, as Keeta relaxed, Jani felt herself grow calmer. When Keeta finished her investigation, she stepped back to Jani.
“You don’t like it here either, do you, girl?” Jani asked gently.
Keeta nuzzled her and nickered.
“But I’m sure glad you’re here,” Jani added fondly, putting her arms around Keeta’s neck and giving her a hug. She felt the comforting warmth and strength of the big mare soak into her. The wonderful horsey smell filled her lungs. When Jani pulled away she felt stronger. Even a little taller. “Come on, girl. There should be enough water in your trough by now,” she said.
Jani let Keeta drink her fill, then turned her loose. The mare immediately galloped away, her tail floating in the air like a red and white flag. She ran twice around her large pasture, then stopped under one of the trees. Before dropping her head to graze, she neighed loudly. An answering neigh came from the white horse down the road and Keeta pricked her ears in the direction of the sound. She called to him once more and when there was no second reply, she settled down to graze. Jani watched her for a few minutes, then went into the house for a late breakfast. She had decided not to ride Keeta on the first day, since the mare needed some time to get used to her new home.
Later that morning, Jani climbed the stairs to her bedroom. Halfway up, she stopped and listened. The house was quiet. Her parents were downstairs in the kitchen and only the soft murmur of their voices reached her. It still seemed strange not to hear the constant hum of city traffic coming from outside. It’s so weird, Jani thought, but the quiet seems louder than the traffic used to be.
In her room, Jani flopped down on her bed and sighed. “I really should unpack all these dumb boxes. How did I get so much stuff?” she asked Brown Bear. “It must be all your fault. As usual,” she added fondly.
First Jani pushed her bedroom furniture from the centre of the room to where she wanted it to be. She knew she could have called her mom and dad to help, but she wanted to be alone and it wasn’t that heavy anyway.
Then she sat on the floor beside the boxes and tipped the first one toward her. Her horse magazines were in it. Jani shoved the pile onto the shelf of the night table beside her bed, then turned to another box. This one held a little bit of everything: a glass tabby cat, a piggybank half full of coins, two horse posters and a little clay cup with a Best Friends necklace in it that she and Maria had bought together two years ago. There had been two necklaces, one for each of them and the pendants on the chains fit together like a puzzle to make a heart. Jani slipped the chain over her neck. The half-heart pendant was cold against her skin.
When she came to the small framed photo of herself and Maria taken during the last Christmas holidays, she stood and walked to the window seat. She remembered when her mom had taken the picture. It had been Christmas afternoon. Maria had come over with her parents before they went on to visit her grandma and grandpa. While the adults had talked in the kitchen, Jani and Maria had exchanged gifts.
Jani had bought Maria a book about cats. They had both admired it in the bookstore a few weeks before. When Maria had opened her present, she burst out laughing, so hard she couldn’t even say what was so funny. All she could do was gesture to Jani to finish opening her own present. Jani’s present was the same book about cats. They giggled until tears rolled down their cheeks and the adults came in to see what was happening.
Jani smiled sadly as she looked at the picture. Maria was wearing a dress because of the party at her grandparents’ house, and Jani wore jeans and a T-shirt, but they held identical books in front of them. The same smile was on each face.
Jani sighed and her gaze moved to the green field below. Panic slowly crept onto her face as her eyes searched the pasture. Keeta was nowhere in sight. Maybe she’s in the barn, thought Jani. But that can’t be. Maybe she’s behind it.
Jani had just laid the photo down and was jumping up to run out to the pasture when Keeta walked out of the barn. The pinto mare stopped just outside the door and began to graze. Jani sighed in relief and sat down again. She leaned her cheek against the cool glass and watched. The whispering waves of grass swirled around Keeta’s legs, making her look as though she was standing in water. The breeze ruffled her red-tipped tail so that it seemed to skim over a green lake.
Jani walked to one of the boxes and rifled through it. She grabbed her sketchbook and pencils, then settled again in the window seat and began to draw. Jani had just started on the front legs when Keeta’s head came up and she spun around to face the barn. The startled mare blew a loud echoing snort through the still air, then cautiously stepped forward. With her head barely outside the barn door, Keeta paused.
Jani laid down the sketchbook and pushed her window open wider. “Keeta,” she called. Keeta looked toward the house for a moment, but Jani could tell the mare wasn’t really paying attention to her. She looked back into the shadows, then nickered to the darkness and stepped inside.
Jani’s heart lurched in her chest. Why did Keeta neigh? Did the white horse down the road call her again? But if he did, why would she go into the barn? Especially when she doesn’t even like barns.
The picture of the seething black mass began to creep back into Jani’s mind. Helplessly she replayed its silent struggle to shape itself in the shadows of the twisted stone.
Shape itself into what? Jani wondered, despite her efforts to think of something else.
Anything else.
She shook her head violently to rid her mind of the horrible heaviness that began to steal over her, even in her bright, cheerful bedroom. She felt slightly sick.
“No! No! It couldn’t have been real,” she said to herself, almost viciously. “Things like that don’t happen except in movies!” She paused for a moment and looked out the window.
“And besides,” she added in a calmer voice, “Keeta’s not scared. I know she would never go in there if there was something evil inside. So that’s proof there’s nothing in there. I know I can always trust Keeta.”
She forced herself to pick up her sketchbook and began to work from memory on the picture of Keeta. When her trembling fingers drew crooked legs, she threw down the pencil in frustration.
Jani picked up the picture of herself and Maria again. Mom’s got to let me phone again tonight, she thought, as she carried the picture to her dresser and put it gently on top. I need to talk to Maria so much. I need to talk to someone who understands. Mom and Dad and even Keeta seem to think this is home. But it’s not!
Jani glanced around her new room. It was pretty and she knew she should like it. But she didn’t belong here. This wasn’t her room. In a moment, her sadness dropped away and in its place, anger swelled up. Jani set her jaw.
They did this to me. And it’s just not right; I didn’t ask for this. I want to go home! Now!
Chapter 5


The next morning when Jani went into the kitchen she found her mom sitting at the table again. Mom looked up from the article she was writing for the newspaper and took a sip of tea. Jani scowled.
“I can make pancakes for you this morning if you want, Jani,” her mom offered.
“I’m not hungry,” snapped Jani. “And, by the way, I have to phone Maria tonight. I need to talk to her.” The night before, her parents had made popcorn and rented a couple of movies that Jani wanted to see. She had tried to phone Maria between the movies but there was no answer, and when the second movie was over, it was too late to call.
“Of course, honey. You can talk for a little while,” answered her mom in a soothing voice that made Jani feel even more annoyed. “It’s too expensive to talk for long, but a few minutes won’t hurt. Did you want to come to the newspaper office with me this morning and check it out? Your dad’s already there.”
“No, I’m going to take Keeta for a ride today and explore the trail through the woods,” answered Jani.
“Okay, but be sure to take the right fork. We still need to walk the other one together first,” said her mom. “And be back by one. I’ll phone to make sure you made it back and everything is all right. You can phone me, too. The number is written down by the phone. And you know all the other rules.”
“Yeah, yeah,” said Jani as she walked toward the door.
“Hey, wait,” her mom called. “You’ve got to eat something. Keeta can wait a few minutes. Sit down.”
Jani groaned. There was always some reason she couldn’t do what she wanted. Why wouldn’t they just leave her alone?
After a breakfast of toast and cereal, Jani escaped to Keeta’s pasture. She tied the mare to the fence and began to groom her. “I am such a loser, Keeta,” she murmured to the mare. “Mom and Dad are so nice and they like it here so much, but they just make me mad. It doesn’t seem fair that they’re happy we moved and I hate it. We shouldn’t have moved unless all of us wanted it!”
Jani’s movements became rougher and the mare fidgeted under her strong brush strokes. Jani didn’t seem to notice. “And what about you? How can you like it here so much? You were in that stupid barn almost all day yesterday. Don’t you miss your old barn and your old friends?”
Jani’s voice stopped abruptly. Now she was even being mean to Keeta! She stood still with her arms at her sides and breathed deeply. The brush dropped to the ground and Jani leaned forward to rest her arms and forehead on Keeta’s side.
“I’m sorry, Keeta,” she said in a broken whisper. “I know it’s not you or Mom or Dad really. I just feel so awful. How can things be so nice and so terrible at the same time? I want to go home!”
The tears she had been holding back for so long poured out. They dripped onto Keeta, making dark rivulets down the red side. When Keeta turned and whinnied softly, Jani’s tears came even faster. Sobs began to shake her thin shoulders. She moved forward to throw her arms around the mare’s neck and buried her face in the long silky mane. Keeta stood patiently and waited.
Eventually, the shuddering sobs began to lessen. Jani pulled away, her eyes red and swollen from crying. Her body trembled as she picked up the brush and silently brushed the mare’s coat. Her breath came in shallow gasps.
Before she went for her ride, Jani went back into the house to wash her face. She was glad her mom had already gone to the newspaper office. It’s a lot easier if she doesn’t know I was crying, thought Jani. Easier for both of us.
Jani made herself a peanut butter sandwich in the kitchen and wrapped it, then grabbed her sketchbook, pencils and a sweatshirt from her room and threw them into her backpack. She hung the backpack on a fencepost outside, then went back to the garage for the saddle, blanket and bridle.
Keeta was grazing under the cottonwood trees when Jani called her. She crossed the pasture to the gate with a high-stepping trot.
“Keeta, you naughty girl,” scolded Jani. “What did you do with your halter? You had it on just a few minutes ago.”
She slipped the bridle onto Keeta’s head and saddled her, tied the backpack behind the saddle, then began to ride around the pasture looking for the lost halter. Jani was sure she’d find it easily – the halter was new and bright – but it was nowhere to be seen. Finally, there was no place left to look but in the barn. Jani dismounted and led Keeta inside. She felt protected with Keeta beside her, even safe from her own imagination.
When her eyes had adjusted to the dim light, Jani noticed something blue in the corner by the giant rock. It was the halter, trampled and pounded into the dirt. The straw around it was crushed and soiled. Surprised, Jani picked up the halter, brushed it off and hung it on the saddle horn. Then she scattered some good straw around the stone. Keeta nickered sharply.
“How did you get it off, girl?” she asked.
Keeta’s reply was another impatient neigh.
“All right. All right. Let’s go,” Jani said as she patted the mare on the shoulder, then led her toward the door. “I don’t like it in here anyway.”
Riding along the trail through the forest was better than Jani had imagined. Just a few paces into the woods, it seemed as if they entered a whole new world. A thick, warm silence enveloped her and tall, mote-filled columns of light sifted through the giant trees. Pine and fir needles coated the trail, muffling Keeta’s footfalls. Quiet birdsong overhead and the occasional chatter of a squirrel enriched the stillness.
Jani had seen pictures in one of her mom’s books of cathedrals in Europe. In a way the woods reminded her of the pictures. The tree trunks are the tall spires, their branches are the fancy carvings and the animals and birds are the tapestries and music, Jani imagined. But the trees seemed somehow older and more silent than the ancient cathedrals. More mysterious. As if they knew something that no one else did and weren’t about to tell.
The path divided in front of them and Jani and Keeta took the right fork. Soon the trees became smaller and the groundcover thicker. Here and there, Jani could see huge stumps rising from the underbrush. She liked this forest, too. It had a vibrancy the other lacked, as if life had exploded into a thousand different forms after the old trees were logged. A rushing, bubbling sound rose above the birdsong and when they turned a corner, a tiny, sparkling creek danced across the trail. Keeta jumped neatly over it and Jani laughed. Keeta didn’t like to get her feet wet.
Just beyond the small creek, the trail opened out onto a large field. A long building with the unmistakable look of a school stood on the other side. Jani rode around the side of the soccer field and circled the building. When she read the name on the front, she knew it was the school she would start at in September. She rode Keeta onto the lawn and looked through some of the windows into the large classrooms.
Another small creek ran along the far side of the school property and Jani wondered if it was the same creek they had seen in the woods. Keeta bent her head to drink as Jani watched little silver minnows dart and play in the shallow pools.
As they were leaving the schoolyard, a car drove down the street. Two girls who looked like twins waved from the rear window. Jani waved back and wondered if they would be in her class. She was glad to see they were friendly. Some of the kids from her old school weren’t very nice to newcomers.
She rode down a few of the back streets and looked at the houses. Everything is so clean and neat, she thought. Too clean and neat! Maybe Red River is like the town in that book, A Wrinkle in Time, where everyone’s mind is controlled by It and they all sweep their front porches at the same time.
“Hi.” A voice broke into her musings.
Jani smiled shyly at the blonde girl who had spoken. “Hi,” she replied.
“I like your horse. It’s beautiful,” the girl said. “Do you live here?”
“Yeah. We moved here three days ago. Do you live here, too?”
“That’s my house over there,” the girl said, and pointed toward a mid-sized green house across the street. “My name is Penny Martin. What’s yours?”
“Jani. This is Keeta. We live down at the end of Solomon Way,” Jani added.
“Oh, you mean the old Hansen place,” said Penny. Then her voice lowered, almost to a whisper, “Have you seen the ghost yet?”
A chill like a cold wind swept around Jani. “No,” she answered hesitantly. “Is there supposed to be a ghost?”
“Maybe it’s just a dumb old story,” said Penny, shrugging her shoulders. “Last Halloween some kids dared each other to go into that old log barn. No one was living in the house then,” she added.
“Did they see anything?” asked Jani, hoping the answer was no.
“Some of the boys said they did, but I think they were just trying to scare us,” answered Penny. “I think they scared themselves too.” She smiled a lopsided grin. “I never went in because I didn’t think it would be scary with a whole bunch of kids inside, shining flashlights and making stupid ghost noises.”
Jani looked down at Keeta’s mane and tried to suppress her smile. She was glad Penny hadn’t seen her a couple of days ago shining her flashlight and scaring herself. “It seems kind of dumb,” she replied.
Penny continued. “But I think there really is supposed to be a ghost. My Uncle Chandler says there’s one anyway.”
“Do you want to come over and see it?” offered Jani, then laughed. “The barn, I mean. Not the ghost,” she added.
“Sure,” said Penny and grinned. “I’ll just have to ask my mom. Want to come in with me?”
“Okay.” Jani dismounted and tied Keeta to the fence in front of Penny’s house.
Inside, Penny’s mother greeted the girls with a warm smile.
“Mom, this is Jani. Her family just moved into the old Hansen place,” said Penny.
“It’s nice to meet you, Jani,” said Mrs. Martin. “I hope you’re enjoying Red River.”
“It’s really pretty here,” said Jani. It was the only positive thing she could think of to say.
“She’s even got her own horse, Mom! Her name is Keeta and she’s tied outside right now,” said Penny.
“Well, it looks like you two have something in common,” Penny’s mom said to Jani. “I’ve never seen anyone more horse crazy than Penny!”
“Mom, is it okay if I go over to Jani’s house for a little while?” asked Penny.
“Sure, but I’ll need you home at three o’clock,” Mrs. Martin replied. “Are your parents home right now, Jani?”
“No, they’re at work,” Jani replied. “They’ll be home around five.”
“Well,” said Penny’s mom, “I can’t wait to meet them.”
Jani smiled. She liked Penny and her mom seemed nice too. Penny even reminded her a little of Maria.
As they walked through the living room, two little boys looked up. Cars and trucks and books and blocks surrounded them.
“These are my brothers, Sammy and Ben,” explained Penny.
“They’re so cute,” exclaimed Jani. The youngest boy giggled and pointed at Jani, uttering a collection of strange sounds.
“I guess they’re cute,” said Penny. “But you don’t have to live with them.” She grimaced.
Sammy struggled to his feet to follow Ben, who had come to stand shyly in front of Jani.
“Wow, these are nice,“ said Jani, looking at the cars Ben held out to show her.
Ben smiled, then whirled and ran back to the pile of toys to get more, shouting war whoops as he went. Sammy tottered shakily after him, trying to whoop like his big brother. Jani and Penny laughed. “He sounds like a yowling cat,” giggled Jani.
“With a terrible stomachache,” added Penny, her eyes sparkling with amusement. She motioned to Jani. “Come on,” she said. “They can keep us here all day. I want to show you my room.”
A huge, orange cat lay in the centre of Penny’s bed. When Jani and Penny walked into the room, he slowly rose to his feet, stretched lazily, yawned and then glided forward to be petted.
“That’s Snookums,” said Penny. “When I was little I was always bugging Mom and Dad to buy me a horse. They told me they would when we could afford it and in the meantime they gave me Snookums.” She picked up the big floppy cat and gave him a hug. “He’s my best buddy.”
Jani looked around Penny’s room. It was obvious Penny loved horses. The walls in her room were covered with horse posters and little glass and plastic horse ornaments lined her shelves.
“I love your horse collection,” said Jani as she touched the nose of a beautiful black Arabian statuette.
“Thanks,” said Penny. “That’s Arrow. Here is my favorite.” She picked up a rearing palomino with flowing mane and tail and affectionately stroked its ceramic back. “His name is Sunny. I bought him at the fall fair last year.”
“What about this one?” asked Jani, pointing to a small bay quarter horse.
It took Penny fifteen minutes to tell Jani the history and name of each ornament. “There are thirty-nine altogether,” she concluded with pride. “I bought most of them with my own money, too. I get lots of chances to babysit with Sammy and Ben around.” Penny opened the closet door. “Look at this,” she said as she brought out a red nylon bridle with matching reins. “It’s for my horse, when I get one.”
“When’s that going to be?” asked Jani.
“The sooner the better,” replied Penny, rolling her eyes. “I don’t know how much longer I can last!”
Outside the house, Penny grabbed her bike. “One of the best things about getting my own horse is that then ‘Old Pinkie’ here can be retired,” she said, knocking some dirt from the wheel.
“Have you ridden much?” asked Jani.
“Bikes? Lots,” replied Penny. “Way too much, in fact.”
“No,” laughed Jani. “I mean horses.”
“Oh,” said Penny and grinned. “My Uncle Chandler has a horse that he lets me ride. His name is Buster and he’s really fast. I just wish I could go visit more often, but Mom says I can’t go over more than once a week. She says Uncle Chandler’s too busy. I’ve read lots of books on horsemanship too.”
On the way back to Jani’s house, Penny told Jani about the school and the other kids in their class, since they would be in the same grade. The twin girls Jani had seen were in their class, too, and were pretty cool, Penny said, except they weren’t into horses.
When they reached Keeta’s pasture, Penny leaned her bike on the outside of the fence. She rode Keeta around the pasture a couple of times at a walk, then urged the mare into a trot. On their last turn around the pasture, Jani hurried to the garage to get Keeta’s brushes.
As Penny rode back to the fence, her face was flushed with excitement. “She’s totally wonderful!” she exclaimed enthusiastically and patted Keeta on the neck. She slipped out of the saddle and reached to loosen the cinch.
As the girls talked, they selected brushes from the grooming bucket and brushed the red and white mare. When they were finished, Jani led Keeta to the water trough. “She’s so beautiful, Jani,” said Penny wistfully. “Her spots look like fire in the sunlight. I wish I had a horse just like her.”
Jani smiled with pride. “Don’t worry. You’ll get a horse too,” she said. “Then we can go riding together.”
“And until then I’ve always got Old Pinkie,” Penny said and patted her battered bike through the fence. “Good girl,” she murmured to the bike. “You just stay right there.”
Jani laughed. “Old Pinkie looks pretty reliable,” she said. She liked the way Penny joked about things, even things some kids would only be mad about, like having to ride a beat-up old bike when you wanted a horse.
“Yeah,” replied Penny. “She doesn’t buck, kick, bite or run away!” Penny grinned and then added “Hey, let’s go check out the barn now.”
“What kind of ghost is supposed to be in it?” asked Jani. “Is there a story about how it got there?”
“There sure is. Old Mr. Hansen had this place a long time ago and the story started back then,” Penny began as Jani unclipped Keeta’s lead rope and turned her loose. “One of his horses died in the barn. I don’t know how it died, but they say now that its ghost haunts the barn.” She shrugged. “That’s all, I guess. I just always wondered if the barn was really haunted or if it’s just a dumb story.”
“It’s probably just a dumb story,” said Jani. At least, I hope it is, she thought. As they walked toward the barn, she noticed the doorway looked like an open, toothless mouth waiting to swallow them.
“Where is Mr. Hansen now?” she asked Penny, trying to distract her imagination.
“He lives about halfway between your house and mine. He’s kind of a hermit and never goes out. Uncle Chandler told me Mr. Hansen didn’t live here very long after the horse died, and after he moved, the ghost story started. Then no one lived here for ages until Miss Winters bought it. She had the old house torn down and a new one built and hired people from the city to make the fancy gardens. She only lived here in the summer, though. I think she had lots of money.” They stopped outside the door and peered cautiously into the shadowy interior.
“I wonder why she didn’t tear down this old barn?” Jani thought aloud.
“It's sort of creepy, isn’t it?” said Penny in a small voice beside her. “There aren’t any windows or anything.”
“I know. That’s weird, isn’t it?” whispered Jani.
Penny gasped as something warm touched her shoulder. She spun around. Keeta stood behind her, an inquisitive look on her face.
“Keeta, you scared me!” Penny blurted out.
Keeta gently nudged them aside and stepped into the barn. The two girls slowly followed her, waiting just inside the door for their eyes to adjust to the darkness.
“Ooh, what’s that black thing in the corner?” murmured Penny.
“It’s a big rock,” answered Jani. “I had to sweep tons of cobwebs from behind it yesterday morning.” But there weren’t any cobwebs on the stone itself, she suddenly remembered. How strange.
“I wonder why it’s in here?” asked Penny.
Jani shrugged. “Beats me.”
“It has a huge black shadow,”	Penny said as she stepped toward the twisted stone for a better look. Instantly Keeta moved in front of her, barring the way, her ears nervously flickering back and forth.
“What’s wrong with her, Jani?” asked Penny, taking a quick step back.
“I don’t know. She’s never done anything like that before.” Jani grabbed Keeta’s halter and tried to lead her out of the way. Keeta lowered her head and gently, but firmly, pushed Jani back toward the door. Then she whinnied loudly, her voice harsh in the still deadness of the barn, and cast a wary eye back at the dark corner.
“She acts like she’s trying to keep us away from that rock,” Jani said in a quiet voice. “Maybe we should leave.”
Penny had just whispered, “What if it’s the ghost?” when they heard a sound from the rock. A loud booming thud that made the ground tremble beneath them.
Instantly Keeta threw back her ears and veered away from the massive stone. The sharp noise exploded into the stillness again and Jani gasped when she saw something black flash out from the shadow and strike at the bottom of the rock. Sparks flew into the air.
Penny screamed and began to run.
Jani felt herself turn slowly toward the door -- far, far too slowly, even though she was moving as fast as she could. She heard Keeta’s shrill neigh behind her and then the gloom was pierced by a savage, unearthly scream.
The rage and hatred in the terrible sound swamped Jani in a hideous wave. It was surrounding her, suffocating her. It invaded her lungs as she gasped for air. It gripped at her limbs with icy claws, trying to pull her back. She struggled toward the door in slow motion, Penny right in front of her.
Behind them, the unbearable scream went on forever.
Chapter 6


Penny and Jani burst from the barn and raced toward the house. They climbed over the fence and kept running. At the porch steps they turned.
“Keeta’s still inside,” Jani gulped, her eyes wide with panic. She ran back toward the barn.
“Wait! Just call her!” yelled Penny. “Don’t go back!”
Jani stopped at the fence and called her horse in an unsteady voice. Immediately Keeta appeared at the barn door. She trotted to the fence, blew softly into Jani’s shaking hands, and then casually wandered away to graze.
“She acts like nothing happened!” Penny said, joining Jani. The girls stared at each other, neither knowing what to think of Keeta’s lack of concern.
“What was that?” Jani asked, her voice low.
“Something horrible,” answered Penny. She glanced toward the barn as if afraid someone inside might hear. “At least it didn’t leave the barn,” she added.
“Let’s go up to my room,” suggested Jani. Together they walked back to the house. First, Jani made a quick call to her mom to let her know she was home, and then they went upstairs. The bright, cheerful bedroom seemed far removed from the ghostly scream, but Jani shivered again in spite of herself.
“It was horrible,” repeated Penny, sitting on Jani’s bed. “I’ve never heard a sound so full of... hatred, I think. It was like I could feel it touching me.”
“Me too,” said Jani. “And the whole barn felt like it was shaking. Like the scream was shaking it.” She sat down in the window seat, but after a quick glance at the barn, went to sit beside Penny on the bed.
“I thought ghosts were supposed to make soft, moaning noises,” said Penny.
“Maybe hatred is giving the ghost extra strength or something.”
“But why would it hate us? We never did anything to hurt it.”
“I don’t know,” admitted Jani. “But Keeta knew it hated us. That’s why she got in our way, to protect us.”
“Yeah, I think you’re right. I wonder what would have happened if she hadn’t been there.” Penny said in a small voice.
“Maybe it really could’ve hurt us,” answered Jani. “I mean, it struck the rock, so maybe it could hit us, too.”
Penny continued the thought for her. “Instead of passing through us, like ghosts are supposed to do.” She paused for a second, and a half smile touched her face. “It needs an instruction manual on how to be a proper ghost. And there should be a ghost training school, shouldn’t there?”
Jani laughed. Joking about the ghost seemed to help. “We should complain. Maybe their number’s in the phone book.”
“They could punish our ghost by giving it a detention.” Penny giggled.
“Yeah,” said Jani. “They could make it write ‘A PROPER GHOST DOES NOT SCREAM, A PROPER GHOST DOES NOT ATTACK’ one billion times. That would keep it busy for a while.” Too quickly, her face became serious again. “Do you think we should tell someone?”
“Do you think they’d believe us?” questioned Penny, raising her eyebrows.
“No.”
“Me neither. I mean, I almost don’t believe it myself, so why would anyone else?” replied Penny.
“Mom and Dad might think I’m making it up because they know I didn’t want to move,” Jani said. She picked absently at a loose thread on Brown Bear’s arm.
Silence fell over the room as Jani and Penny became lost in their own thoughts. The unearthly scream in the barn echoed over and over in Jani’s mind, but this time she didn’t try to shut it out. It had been full of hatred and malice. Vicious. But something else too, thought Jani. Had there been pain in that cry? And maybe even fear? Like a wild animal that both hates and fears the one who traps it. She felt a tiny seed of sympathy take root in her heart. There had been torment in that wild, bitter scream, she was sure. And she didn’t doubt that whatever this thing was, if Keeta hadn’t been there, it would have hurt them.
But Keeta had been there. In fact, thought Jani, it’s strange how much time Keeta spends in that dark, stuffy old barn.
“Penny,” Jani suddenly exclaimed, “I think Keeta is friends with it!”
“What?” asked Penny, astonished.
“Keeta’s been spending lots of time in the barn and she hates barns! Look, I’ll show you. I’ll bet she’s in there right now.” They went to the window and looked out. Keeta was not in her pasture. “See? She must be in the barn,” said Jani excitedly. “And the ghost must like her, or else it would attack her, too!”
“How can she like it?”
“Maybe there’s more to the story than we know,” said Jani, remembering the pain and frustration she’d heard in the scream.
“Maybe we should go talk to Mr. Hansen,” offered Penny. “I hear he’s kind of mean, though.” She glanced at her watch. “But I can’t right now. I have to babysit at three.”
“Maybe we can go tomorrow,” said Jani.
“Come to my house first, okay?” suggested Penny. “Then we can go together.”
“Okay,” smiled Jani, and headed toward the stairs with her new friend. “I’ll ride Keeta over.”
“Just don’t bring her ghost pal with you,” Penny said with a grin.
Outside they said goodbye and, as she rode off on her bike, Penny turned back and yelled, “I’m glad you decided to move here, Jani. It was too boring before!”
“Thanks! See you tomorrow!” Jani called back, and waved. She turned and walked slowly back to the house.
There were still a few boxes to unpack in her room, but Jani couldn’t concentrate. She sat and looked out the window at the empty paddock until her mom and dad got home, and that night she lay awake for a long, long time.

The next morning when her dad asked her if everything was okay, Jani said yes and hummed loudly as she did the dishes, so her mom and dad would think everything was fine. After they left to go to work, she went to saddle Keeta for the ride to Penny’s house.
It was a beautiful morning. The air was perfectly still as Jani walked around the back of the house, the bridle swinging in her hand. Keeta was again nowhere in sight. Jani approached the yawning mouth of the barn, laid the bridle beside the door and peered inside.
Nothing was moving. She could see Keeta dozing next to the sturdy wall with her eyes closed. Jani was about to call the horse to her when she noticed the halter lying in the dirt, but this time close to the door.
I can reach it in two steps, she thought. It would only take a couple of seconds. For a moment, Jani was reminded of the lure of cheese in a mousetrap, but then dismissed the thought. No ghost would have the intelligence and cunning for that. She glanced at Keeta again. The mare was still napping. Keeta wouldn’t be so relaxed if there was anything wrong, Jani reasoned.
Snatching up her courage, she stepped into the barn, picked up the dusty halter and waited.
Nothing happened.
She looked back into the gloomy shadow of the rock, her eyes searching the darkness.
And she saw something move.
The large, dark shadow had a familiar shape. Shaggy and black, with its back turned to her. It was a horse!
The phantom sensed Jani in the same instant she saw it clearly. With one smooth, noiseless motion it whirled to face her. Jani gasped as she saw two pale blue points of light glittering from a midnight face. Fear crackled down her spine as she looked into the cold blue glare. One sinister hoof struck out and—boom!— shook the ground. Sparks flew as a hoof glanced off the rock with a second blow.
Jani couldn’t move. The icy blue eyes hypnotized her. She could feel the hatred and rage from the fierce black beast brushing against her like living things, whispering insane words beyond understanding. For one eternal moment, she watched horrified as the chest of the nightmare horse bubbled and seethed and grew solid again.
Then the dark horse screamed -- a savage chilling cry that raged and echoed in the tiny barn. Even the hard dirt floor seemed to vibrate with the awful power behind it. As the cry died away, the phantom snaked its vicious black head forward, narrowed its blazing eyes and charged.
A shadow darted from the side and, in an instant, Keeta was between them. The black horse slid to a stop and reared up. Another enraged scream slashed the air. The flint hooves flashed out at Jani, and Keeta flinched as one struck her shoulder.
Jani felt she was moving in slow motion as she turned and struggled for the door. It seemed to take hours to move the few steps into the sun-drenched pasture beyond. Each thud of the scrambling hooves behind her tilted the earth in a different direction. All Jani could feel were the haunting, icy eyes boring into her, branding themselves on her brain. She had never seen hatred like that and she knew she would never forget it. Slowly, painfully, she fell to the grass outside the barn and lay helpless.
I can’t believe this is happening. Things like this just don’t happen, she thought, her mind slow and thick with panic. It’s a dream. It must be a dream. She felt something warm touch her back and Keeta’s concerned nicker. Trembling uncontrollably, Jani climbed to her feet and threw her arms around the pinto’s neck.
“Oh, Keeta,” she sobbed. It was all she could say in her overwhelming gratitude to the beautiful mare. She felt a warm, wet stickiness soak into her shirt and pulled away. There was a three-inch-long gash on Keeta’s shoulder, and blood was running down her front leg.
Putting her own fright aside as much as possible, Jani moved into action. She found the halter still clenched in her fist and, after getting a lead rope and some flannel rags from the garage, she tied Keeta outside the pasture and cleaned her wound. She was relieved to see the cut wasn’t deep and wouldn’t leave a scar. Maybe the ghost pulled back when it saw it was going to hit her, she thought, as she gently smeared antibiotic salve onto the wound.
Still shaking, she gave Keeta some grain and then groomed her thoroughly, more to calm herself than to calm the mare. The comforting smell of the horse, the sound of the birds playing in the giant cottonwood trees, and the peace of the still, warm morning gradually soothed her. Her voice became steadier as she talked to Keeta and, as she stroked the mare’s sleek side, her hands trembled less.
I won’t ride her today, Jani decided. She can have the day off. She’s already done enough for me for one day. Or for a lifetime, she realized, as she led Keeta back into her pasture. I can ride my bike over to Penny’s. This time she took the halter off when she turned the mare loose.
Finally, Jani turned toward the barn. The hinges squealed as she pushed the door shut, but the sound didn’t bother her this time. She barred the door, then rolled a stone in front of it for good measure.
It was time to go visit Mr. Hansen.
Chapter 7


“So you’re wondering about the ghost, are ya?” growled Mr. Hansen and then he chuckled to himself.
Jani didn’t like the sound of that chuckle. It didn’t seem like Mr. Hansen was thinking of anything funny. Penny shifted uncomfortably on the couch beside her.
“Tell me why you want to know, girl,” demanded the rough voice.
“Well,” Jani stammered, her mouth suddenly dry, “I’ve... I’ve seen it.”
He looked at her suspiciously. “If you say you’ve seen her, tell me what she looks like.”
“She’s black. She’s big. And even...” Jani paused for a moment, then continued in a louder voice. “And even sort of beautiful -- in a horrible kind of way.”
“And her eyes?”
“They’re icy blue. And full of hate.” Jani felt a tremor run through her body as she remembered the phantom’s eyes.
The old man chuckled again as if he liked this last piece of information. “I guess you’ve seen her then,” he said. “What a devil she is!”
The ponderous ticking of the clock on the filthy mantel seemed even louder in the stillness that followed. Jani could see the beads of sweat on Mr. Hansen’s forehead as he sat in his wheelchair, staring out the window. One ray of sunlight filtered in through the dirty glass and struck his gnarled hands. Dust particles drifted through the sunbeam.
They’re the only things moving in here, thought Jani. They look like they’re the only things that have moved in here for years. She glanced around the room. The other windows were covered with heavy draperies that shut out the light. Penny muffled a sneeze beside her and the sound brought Mr. Hansen out of his thoughts. He turned sharp eyes upon them.
“It was a long time ago,” he began, his voice gruff as he remembered the time of his youth. “I was gonna catch me some wild horses to break and sell, so I built that old barn. I built it strong, and some good corrals too.” He paused for a moment, then continued in his raspy voice. “Those corrals are gone now. That Winters woman had ‘em torn down. Was gonna tear down the barn, too, till I showed her what was in it.” He chuckled. “She thought that fury would move into her fancy new house, so she let the barn be.” Clock-ticking silence filled the room again and Mr. Hansen turned to look out the window.
Jani spoke in a quiet voice. “What happened after you built the corrals and the barn? Did you find any wild horses?”
Mr. Hansen glared at her and looked away again. “I rode out looking for a likely bunch of wild ones. I found ‘em and they had this tall, young stud as their leader. He was pretty nice, but the one that turned my head was this filly. Black as coal she was, and big for a wild one. I built a good strong corral up a canyon and ran ‘em in without much trouble. You see, the stud was young, maybe five or six. He didn’t know too much. Led his herd right into the trap. That’s when I first got a good look at her. She was a beauty and quick as a cat. And those eyes...those cold blue eyes...”
His voice faded away for a moment, then continued. Jani noticed that he sounded softer, almost gentle. “You could see her soul in her eyes. Proud. A horse in a million. She was like somethin’ I’d only dreamed about, except she weren’t no dream. She was real. I knew then I’d never let her go. Never sell her. She was mine. Only mine.”
“But she wouldn’t rest,” said the old man, his voice growing hard and bitter again. “Every couple of minutes she’d throw herself against the corral fence. It was strong enough to hold her, I thought. She was blowing hard and her neck was white with foam, but she wouldn’t quit.”
“I figured she was gonna to kill herself, so I climbed the fence to chase her away. She always went to the same spot, you see. She was a smart one. She charged and I slapped her in the face with my rope. It stunned her. She stood back a minute and looked at me. Then I saw the hate.
The man stopped and shuddered. Jani, too, felt a ripple of fear down her back as she remembered the blue eyes blazing with hatred as the black horse charged her.
“She charged the fence again,” the rough voice continued, “and I hit her again. That time it cut her face and she had to shake the blood outta her eyes before she charged the next time. The third time, I heard a rail crack. It was loud -- just like a rifle shot.”
“Well, she kept on ramming into that fence. I tried to rope her a couple of times, but she’d see the rope coming, and duck her head. I knew I couldn’t do nothin’ to stop her then, so I just got outta the way. When she broke through, she staggered for a second, and looked at me on my horse there -- looked me all over -- as if memorizing what I looked like. Then with a toss of that wicked head she was gone. Of course, the stud and the rest of ‘em were right behind her.”
“I didn’t see her for about a month after that, but I knew she’d show up and I had a plan. I decided to get her by runnin’ her down. You see, wild horses have their territory and they don’t like to leave it much. I found ‘em and watched her and the bunch of ‘em for a long time, gettin’ to know their habits and where they liked to go. Then I got a couple of friends to help. Said they could have all the others. What I wanted was her.”
“We stationed saddle horses along the trails we thought they’d run and started chasing ‘em. We’d change our tired horses for fresh ones along the way and we never let the wild ones slow down. It went on for days, but we ran her down. The power of that horse was unbelievable. I wind-broke one good saddle horse tryin’ to get her, but I thought she’d be worth it.”
“We got a couple of ropes on her and drug her between us back to the barn. She was fightin’ all the way but she was losin’ strength. It was still tough getting’ her inside, though,” Mr. Hansen shook his head. “She didn’t want to go in at all, but it was the only place I had strong enough to hold her.”
“She beat that barn with those hooves day and night. I couldn’t get in to her, so I decided she could do without food and water till she calmed down. After a while she was too weak to do much, so I went in the barn.”
“I saddled her and got on her for a while. She did just fine, so when I left I gave her some food and water. I rode her the next day and the next and every day she let me ride her, even though she was getting’ stronger. I was pretty happy with the way she was turnin’ out, too. She was a smooth ride and a quick learner and, except for the look in her eye, you’d never know she hated it so bad.”
“I’d been ridin’ her for about a week when one morning I went into the barn with the hay and she neighed to me. I was surprised and it put me off my guard, I guess. I turned my back to her to put down her hay and she attacked. Her hooves sent me flyin’. I was lucky I fell toward the door. I barely made it outside and barred the door, when she crashed into it. Then she seemed to go crazy. Gashing and gouging at the walls and screamin’ like mad! But I couldn’t let her go. Not her!”
The old man’s head drooped on his shoulders. In the silence, Jani remembered the battered log walls of the barn. Now she realized that hooves had beaten them.
Mr. Hansen finally continued in his rough voice. “It didn’t stop. Not for days. Every time I went near the barn I could hear her. When it finally grew quiet, I went into the barn, roped her and threw her down. I put some hobbles on her and a halter and rope, hopin’ they’d slow her down. I left some hay and water but she never touched ‘em. It was like she wanted to die.”
Mr. Hansen looked into Jani’s eyes. “I remember the last time I saw her alive. I remember the look of hate in her eyes. She stood there, thin and weak, swayin’, hobbled and all trussed up -- but her eyes were alive. Unbeaten. That was the death of her! Not me! I still don’t understand. Why didn’t she just give in? I could’ve been good to her then.” The man stopped for a moment to catch his breath.
The girls sat frozen, too appalled to move. Mr. Hansen turned again and looked out the window. Jani hadn’t noticed before that it faced her own house. Is that why Mr. Hansen sits there? she wondered. Is he always looking toward the barn -- even though he can’t see it from here?
Mr. Hansen continued gruffly. “Later, when I opened up the barn, she was dead. I buried her in the corner and set that stone on top. I didn’t ever want her to leave that barn,” he added bitterly, “and she didn’t. She was mine. And if I couldn’t have her, no one would.”
“It was a long time till I used the barn again. I wanted to break in a young colt and the corrals were full, so I took him into the barn for his first ride. The colt was goin’ along well, turning, stopping, when I saw the black mare by the stone. I saw her just before she charged. The colt I was ridin’ reared up and fell over backwards. Right on top of me. He touched his shrunken legs. “I could never walk or ride again.”
“The last thing I remember was the demon rearing over me, ready to smash my head in. When I tried to move, I blacked out. She must’ve turned away at the last second. She wanted me to live like this. That was her revenge.” He finished in a whisper and Jani strained to hear. “I took her freedom. And she took mine.”
Jani didn’t know what to say. Agonizing images of the wild black horse, locked away from the sun, dying of thirst and starvation and captivity, teemed through her mind; thoughts of Mr. Hansen as a young man who fell in love -- and then hate -- with a horse that refused to belong to anyone. He’s paid for what he did wrong, she realized, as she looked at the bitter, shriveled man in front of them now.
Mr. Hansen stared at them, his face pitiless. His words cut to the bone. “She deserved what she got and worse. You can’t judge me,” he snarled.
Jani stood up to leave, struggling for something to say.
Mr. Hansen interrupted harshly. “Get out.”	
Jani and Penny almost ran to the door of the suffocating room.
“Wait!” his voice rasped as Penny gripped the doorknob.
Reluctantly they turned.
“Do you know what I named her?” Mr. Hansen chuckled again. “Do you?”
“What?” Jani whispered, afraid to ask, yet wanting to know.
“I named her Freedom,” he sneered, “Freedom, ‘cause it was the only thing she ever wanted and the only thing I would never let her have.” Then he laughed. The hard, cruel sound tumbled through the stagnant air. Jani’s eyes were drawn one last time to the lined face. For a moment their eyes locked and Jani felt both pity and horror twist together within her. Then she pushed Penny to go and they stumbled out the door.
“I named her Freedom.” The phrase echoed over and over in Jani’s mind. “I named her Freedom…I named her Freedom.”
Chapter 8


Outside on the street, Jani and Penny stood stunned.
“Can you believe that?” whispered Penny. She shivered in the hot afternoon.
“It’s horrible! No wonder the ghost horse tried to attack us. If she thinks all humans would do that, I can see why she hates us!”
“Me too,” agreed Penny.
“We should go back to the barn,” said Jani, turning toward home.
“I guess so…” Penny gave her a questioning look. “Aren’t you scared?”
“Yeah,” Jani said. “But I feel sorry for her, too. For Freedom.” She paused. The name sounded right. It was the name the ghost horse needed. Not because she would never be free, as Mr. Hansen had said, but because she needed to be free. “Do you think it’s weird to feel sorry for her?” Jani asked.
“No,” Penny replied. “It was wrong for her to be captured and shut in a barn and starved. It’s so awful that her ghost is still there and can’t escape.” Penny’s eyes were sad. “All she wanted to do was run free.”
“I wonder if there’s a way we can set her free?” asked Jani.
“Oh, yes! Let’s try,” Penny answered immediately. Then she hesitated. “But how do you free a ghost?”
“I don’t know,” said Jani, “but maybe we can figure it out.”
When they reached the barn, Keeta was standing by the closed door. Jani checked the wound on her shoulder. The edges were slightly swollen, but the bleeding had stopped.
“Look at her, Penny, she seems to be waiting for us to let her in.”
“Do you want to open the door and see what she does?” asked Penny.
“Yeah,” answered Jani, and taking a deep breath she rolled away the rock and pulled open the barn door. Without hesitation, Keeta stepped through into the darkness. She made a low whinny in greeting to something inside. Nothing answered her.
“Maybe Freedom’s not there now,” ventured Penny.
“Maybe. Or maybe she can’t answer when she’s invisible,” suggested Jani.
“Or she’s trying to trick us,” said Penny.
They leaned cautiously across the threshold and looked inside. Keeta was standing beside the darkest shadow.
“Maybe Freedom’s hiding in the rock’s shadow again,” whispered Penny.
“I wish we could make friends with her, like Keeta has.”
“Why?” asked Penny.
“We could go in the barn then. And maybe she’d let us know how to…” Jani’s voice faded away when the darkness beside Keeta began to swirl. “Look! Between Keeta and the stone!” Jani whispered and grabbed Penny’s arm. She felt Penny stiffen beside her and knew Penny’s heart must be beating as hard as her own.
The greasy blackness swirled and contorted beside the stone. Just like before, four tendrils snaked toward the ground and began to shape themselves into legs. As the mass grew larger, it began to radiate with an inner life. Patterns of black light played upon the stone like demon spirits endlessly chasing and consuming each other.
A wave of darkness swelled out of the body. It arched back impossibly far, touching what was becoming the hindquarters, and bubbling into the main mass again. It seethed there for one long, hideous moment, then flung itself forward with lightning speed and became the head. Two pale, icy eyes began to search the barn. Then it swung its terrible head toward the girls standing in the doorway.
Jani recoiled and she heard Penny’s sharp intake of breath as they shrank out of sight.
“That was so disgusting!” whispered Penny.
“Totally gross!” agreed Jani.
The two girls crept back to the door and peered into the gloom. Keeta was standing in front of the ghost, her muscles tense and ready to move in an instant. Her ears were flat against her head, warning the ghost to stay back.
“Not quite as gross now,” said Jani noticing Freedom’s fine head.
“Just extremely upset,” noted Penny.
Jani wet her lips before she whispered, “Freedom.” Her voice sounded shaky and weak. Quietly she cleared her throat and said in a louder voice, “Freedom, we want to help you.”
The black horse spun around noiselessly and tried to push past Keeta, but Keeta moved quickly to block the attack. Freedom stopped and stared fiercely at Jani.
“We want to help you,” Jani repeated, her voice even stronger this time. “But we don’t know what to do.” Freedom’s phantom eyes glittered.
Jani turned to her friend. “I’ve got to go in, Penny,” she said.
“What? You can’t be serious!”
“Keeta won’t let her hurt me. And besides,” she added, “we’ve got to let her know we’re not like Mr. Hansen.”
“Well, be careful, then, okay?” Penny urged. “Don’t go in too far.”
“Okay,” Jani replied. Then she stepped through the door. An eerie silence greeted her. It was still and cool in the belly of the barn, much cooler than the sun-warmed air outside. Keeta turned her head. She seemed surprised.
“It’s okay, girl,” said Jani softly. “I just want to talk to her.” The ghost horse snorted, then jumped to the side. Again, Keeta blocked the way. Jani noticed Freedom was trying not to bump the pinto mare. Maybe she’s afraid she’ll hurt Keeta again, she thought.
“Freedom,” she called gently.
The black horse stood motionless for a moment and glared at Jani, her head held proudly.
“Freedom, I want to help you.”
Freedom pawed the ground in frustration and butted Keeta’s side with her nose.
“I want to help you,” Jani said again, her voice steady now. “But I don’t know what to do.” Cautiously, she reached out her hand toward Keeta and Freedom. “I don’t know what to do,” she repeated.
Freedom tossed her savage head, her mane a cascade of ebony around her small, pinned ears. An iron-hard hoof pounded the dirt floor.
“I want to help you, Freedom,” Jani crooned, as she took another careful step into the barn. The black ghost watched with suspicious eyes, but didn’t try to move around Keeta. Maybe she’s given up, Jani thought. Encouraged by this idea, she took another small step forward.
As she edged closer to Freedom, Jani became fascinated by the hypnotic, blue eyes. She stopped almost within reach of Keeta, yet Freedom just stood there. Perhaps she, too, was entranced -- by Jani’s soothing voice, or by her courage.
A timeless magic surrounded them, capturing them in its gentle charm. Enchanted tendrils held them motionless. Spellbound. Three bewitched statues frozen in time.
Jani had never seen any living thing so breathtaking, so truly wild as Freedom. Her throat ached and her eyes filled with tears. She watched as the ghost horse began to see her as something other than another hated human being.
After an eternity, Jani heard a whisper from the doorway.
“Are you all right?”
Immediately the spell was broken. Freedom tossed her head, stamped her hoof, and vanished.
Jani took a deep, trembling breath. “Yeah, I’m fine,” she assured Penny softly. “Come in.” She walked the last steps to Keeta and stroked the smooth neck. With regret, she felt the last tendrils of enchantment gently wisp away.
Penny gingerly stepped inside. “Wow!” she said. “You got really close!”
“Yeah.” Jani said and smiled. 	
“Do you think she understood?” asked Penny.
“I think so,” said Jani. “I don’t think she’ll attack us next time. She knew I didn’t want to hurt her.” A dreamy look came over Jani’s face. “She’s so beautiful,” she added.
“Yeah, she’s gorgeous,” agreed Penny, absently combing Keeta’s silky mane with her fingers. “Once she’s finished taking a solid form, that is. I hope we can help her. Then maybe I can take her home and say ‘Mom, Dad, can I keep her?’” said Penny.
“Yeah, they won’t even have to buy you a horse,” laughed Jani. “But you’ll have to be careful she doesn’t do her disappearing act when you’re riding her.”
“Yeah, I can just see it,” said Penny. “Miles from home with a saddle and bridle to lug back, while Freedom suddenly appears in the barn, eating her oats. I’ll be begging to have Old Pinkie back again.” She laughed.
They wandered outside with Keeta behind them and flopped down on the grass. Jani lay back and gazed up at the blue sky with its white drifting clouds. Penny sat cross-legged beside her. She picked a long piece of grass and bent it into pieces. “Do you have any ideas on how to help Freedom escape?” she asked Jani.
“I’ve left the door open most of the time and she’s never come out. She doesn’t follow Keeta out,” replied Jani. “And she didn’t chase after us, either.”
“Yeah, that was a good thing. So, the first conclusion is Freedom probably can’t leave the barn at all,” said Penny. “It’s like a curse or something.”
A voice called from the house. “Jani! Suppertime.”
Jani groaned. “What lousy timing. Can you stay for supper?” she asked Penny, climbing to her feet. “Mom and Dad wouldn’t mind and then we could talk later.”
“I can’t. I’m supposed to babysit tonight,” Penny said, and threw down the little fan she’d made out of the grass.
Jani smiled ruefully as they strolled toward the house. “Mom and Dad would think I was psycho if I told them about Freedom.”
“My dad would probably just say, ‘That’s nice, Penny,’ and pat me on the head.” Penny said, imitating her father’s voice.
We can’t tell them anyway,” said Jani. “It’s going to be hard enough to get Freedom to trust us, and it would take her forever to trust an adult after Mr. Hansen. Plus, they probably wouldn’t want to be friends with her.”
“You’re right,” Penny agreed. “They’d probably make us stop, too.”
“Can you come over tomorrow?” Jani asked hopefully. “Then we can try to think of something.”
“Yeah. I’ll see you then.” Penny climbed on her bike and pedaled down the driveway. She waved as she turned onto Solomon Way. Jani waved back, then sighed. How were they going to help Freedom?
Later that evening, Jani’s mind was in turmoil as she soaked Keeta’s wound in Epsom Salts and warm water, and put new salve on it. She couldn’t think of any way to help the ghost horse.
When she finished her nightly chores, she left Keeta at the water trough and walked through the deepening twilight to the barn. “Good night, Freedom,” she called gently to the dark interior. For a moment she didn’t hear a thing. Then there was a rustle of straw in the corner and a hesitant nicker in reply.
Chapter 9


“Hi, Maria.”
Jani hadn’t talked to her friend for ages and it felt so good to hear her voice. She wanted to know all about Maria’s summer holidays so far. But when Maria asked Jani what she’d been doing, Jani couldn’t tell her about Freedom. Her mom and dad were in the other room and she was afraid they might overhear. Instead, she told Maria about Penny and her horse collection, the neat trail through the woods -- and how she wished she were home. But even as she said that, she realized she didn’t mean it quite as much -- now that they had discovered Freedom.
After the phone call, Jani sat down to watch TV with her dad – an old movie about a haunted house. “Dad, do you think ghosts are real?” she asked him during a commercial.
“Sure,” he replied. “In fact, I saw one last night in the kitchen.”
“No, really, Dad. Do you think ghosts are real?” Jani persisted.
“What? You think I’m telling stories? It was making fudge,” said Jani’s dad, with a twinkle in his eye.
Jani snorted in frustration. “Okay, let’s pretend you saw a ghost in the kitchen. How would you get rid of it?”
“Why would I want to get rid of it? I like fudge,” was the reply.
“Okay! Pretend that you hate fudge and you want to get rid of the ghost. What would you do? Call a priest or something? Or maybe say some magic words?”
“Naw, you don’t need to do anything fancy like that. You’ve been watching too many movies.” Her dad turned up the volume. The commercials were over.
“What would you do then?” Jani demanded. She knew this time she would get an answer, because her dad wanted to watch the show.
“I would throw out all the stuff to make fudge with,” he offered simply, and poked her in the ribs. Jani crumpled into frustrated giggles. He could be so irritating!

The next morning Jani woke to find raindrops running down her windowpane and the sky hidden in layers of black, swollen clouds. She jumped out of bed and went to the window. Keeta will be inside today for sure, Jani thought, as she looked down on the wet pasture. The soggy grass bowed down in the heavy rain and the tree branches drooped and swayed clumsily in gusts of wind.
Jani gazed at the sky. It looked like it would be raining for quite a while. It’s way too wet to go riding today, she decided.
She looked around the room and sighed. I guess I can finish unpacking my boxes today. And then spend some time in the barn. Maybe I’ll see Freedom again. Her heart lurched when she thought of stepping into the dark and facing the black phantom.
After phoning Penny to ask if she was still coming over, Jani ate a bowl of cereal and started back upstairs to work in her room. As she climbed the stairs, she could hear her mom typing in the office.
“How are you doing on the newspaper, Mom?” Jani asked when she opened the door.
“Oh, fine, honey,” her mom replied. She leaned back in her chair and stretched. “We only have two days left to get this edition ready to print, and then we’ll have more time to do some fun things together.” She leaned forward again. “So what exciting things have you planned for the day?”
“Penny’s coming over in a while and I think I’ll fix up my room before she gets here.”
“Oh good, I’ll finally get to meet Penny. Are you planning to ride today?”
“No, it’s too wet. You know how Keeta is,” answered Jani.
“Yeah, I know.” Her mom laughed softly. “I never saw a horse so deathly afraid of puddles.”
“She’ll probably spend all day in the barn,” said Jani. But she would have stayed in there anyway, she thought. With Freedom. Freedom in all her midnight blackness. In all her sad anger. Will she let me be her friend? Jani wondered. Can I help her?
“Jani? Are you okay?” Her mom’s voice broke through her thoughts.
“Yeah. Why?”
“You looked so worried. And you didn’t answer my question.”
“Sorry. What did you say?”
“I’m going to the newspaper office this afternoon and I just wondered if you and Penny want to come along.”
“Oh, yeah. That’d be great,” Jani answered absentmindedly.
“Okay, be ready at two o’clock,” said her mom. “And I’m going to be busy until then, so you’ll have to take care of yourselves.”
“We’ll be with the horses most of the time,” Jani answered, thinking of Keeta and Freedom.
“Oh?” said Jani’s mom, with a questioning look in her eyes. “I thought you said earlier that Penny didn’t have a horse.”
“She doesn’t,” Jani stammered. “I meant to say with Keeta.”
“Okay. Well, I’ll call you when it’s time to go.”
“Thanks, Mom,” Jani said, and turned toward her room. She breathed a sigh of relief. She had almost slipped up. What would Freedom do if adults got involved, since it was an adult she had learned to hate so much?
I’m going to have to be more careful and watch what I say, thought Jani, as she unpacked the boxes in her room. A few more mistakes, and she knew her mom and dad would become suspicious. Especially her dad. He was always on guard anyway, looking out for Jani’s “getting-even” jokes. I think I’ll wait to get even for a while, she decided, until I know how things are going to turn out with Freedom. It’ll give me time to think up a really good one, too.
It took a couple of hours to unpack the rest of the boxes and put her stuff away. Then Jani threw the empty cartons out into the hallway and announced, “Hey, Mom, come see my room!”
Her mom stepped into the bedroom. “Wow,” she said in admiration. “I wish I had a room like this when I was a kid. I love what you did with the bookcase.” It was filled to overflowing with all the stuffed animals Jani had collected. “Where are your books?”
“I decided to keep them downstairs. Look at this!” Jani pointed to the ceiling. Her big happy-face flag was over the bed.
“It looks great,” complimented her mom. “I didn’t realize you had so many posters.” She sat down on Jani’s bed and picked up Brown Bear. “Jani, how do you feel about moving, now that we’re here?” she asked gently. “Is it still as bad as you thought it would be?”
Jani sat down beside her. “Mostly it’s not too bad, I guess. This is a nice house and I’m glad I met Penny. She’s cool. But I still miss Maria and it doesn’t feel like home here.”
“It probably doesn’t help that your dad and I have been so busy,” added her mom. “I’m sorry about that, Jani. I know things will slow down soon, when we figure out the routine at the newspaper office.”
“No, Mom, really,” said Jani. “That doesn’t bother me at all. In a way it’s been good, because it gives me time to think and get used to things.” And that’s true, Jani thought. I don’t want to have to pretend that I like it here. It’s hard acting happy all the time so Mom and Dad won’t feel bad.
“Thank you, honey,” said her mom, and gave her a hug. “You’re so understanding.” She smiled. “Now be sure you’re ready to go at two.”
“We will be.”
Jani carried the empty boxes down to the garage and tossed them in a corner. She slipped on a raincoat and filled the pockets with brushes. Then she grabbed an armful of hay from the few bales stored at the back of the garage. She didn’t want Keeta picking at the straw bedding in the barn, and she knew the mare would rather eat the coarse, brittle straw than go out in the pasture to graze while it was raining.
“Keeta!” Jani called as she neared the barn. She heard Keeta nicker from inside. Jani walked to the door and peered in. Freedom was nowhere to be seen. Jani stepped inside and set down the bundle of hay. Pulling the body brush out of her pocket, she began to groom the mare.
“You beautiful girl,” Jani murmured softly as she brushed the red and white neck. “You’re not even dirty.”
Keeta munched her hay, sighing with contentment as Jani brushed her, and leaning toward her whenever she hit an itchy spot. At first, Jani kept looking over her shoulder to see if Freedom was standing by the rock, but the ghost horse didn’t appear. After fifteen minutes, she stopped checking as often.
“What a pampered baby you are, Keeta,” she said gently, when she finished with the brush. She leaned on the mare’s solid side. “I don’t think Freedom’s going to show up today, girl,” she said, and glanced again at the corner with the rock. It was still empty. “Do you think I make her as nervous as she makes me?”
Jani pulled the horse comb out of her pocket and moved behind Keeta. She lifted the long tail and began to comb it, beginning at the bottom and combing the ends, then taking a little more and working out the tangles and pieces of straw. Soon she could run the comb from top to bottom without hitting any snarls. She combed it a bit more, enjoying the silky smoothness of the long fine hair, then walked toward the horse’s head. As she reached out to stroke Keeta’s face, the mare raised her head to look into one of the shadowy corners. Jani’s eyes followed her gaze.
There was Freedom! Not in the corner by the rock. This time, she was closer to the door. Closer to her and Keeta.
She was looking right at them, not moving, still as a stone. Jani wondered nervously how long the phantom had been standing there watching them. Freedom didn’t seem to want to attack – at least she wasn’t moving toward them. She was just watching. Waiting.
Jani moved around to Keeta’s off side and started to groom her again. She spoke softly to the mare and gently stroked her with the brush as she studied Freedom over her back.
The ghost horse remained motionless, but Jani could tell Freedom was very tense. The low light from the doorway fell on her taut muscles, making her appear carved from black marble. She held her head high and her unflinching eyes surveyed Jani coldly. Jani watched her closely, even though the ghost was keeping her distance. She knew Freedom could attack in an instant.
She continued to talk to Keeta and then, when she couldn’t think of anything else to say, she hummed softly. It was a song on one of her mom’s tapes. She didn’t know the words, but the tune was peaceful and soothing.
Ever so slowly, Freedom relaxed. Her muscles loosened and the hard glare in her icy eyes softened. Her ears flicked forward as she listened to the gentle melody.
Jani moved warily around to Keeta’s near side, the side closer to Freedom. The ghost horse didn’t move. Jani positioned Keeta so she could keep an eye on the phantom as she continued the grooming. She watched Freedom’s head lower as the ghost horse became more comfortable with her nearness. As she continued to sing, Freedom’s eyes became dreamy.
She looks like she’s a million miles away from us, Jani thought. She stopped brushing Keeta and leaned on the pinto’s side.
“Are you dreaming of running, Freedom?” Jani asked quietly. “Are you thinking of the wind in your mane and the thunder of your hooves?” Freedom looked up at her and snorted softly. “Yeah, I’m still here, girl.” Jani chuckled. She put the brush back into her pocket and stepped to the door, still not turning her back to the ghost.
The downpour had stopped. The sun looked as though it might win its brave battle against the clouds and shine on the rain-drenched earth.
“The sun’s coming out, Freedom,” Jani said just to have something to say. Slowly, she gathered some clean straw into a pile and sat down on it. She leaned back on the wall near Keeta. For some reason she didn’t feel as afraid anymore. She knew she would have to be careful about moving too quickly or startling the phantom in any way, but she was sure Freedom wouldn’t attack her again.
Jani looked at the massive black horse standing only a few yards away, at her deadly hooves and powerful jaw.
I should be scared to death being so close to her. It’s strange I’m not, Jani thought. And Keeta isn’t afraid for me either. She gazed up at the pinto mare. Keeta was standing over her hay, picking out a wisp here and there and staring out the door at the pale sunlight shining on the flattened blades of grass.
Suddenly, the last film of cloud burned away and powerful sunlight burst in through the door of the old barn. The birds outside seemed to think this was a good excuse for celebration, and songs erupted into the brightness. Jani happily breathed in the smell of the steamy earth and ionized air.
Freedom noticed the sudden change, too. She looked longingly toward the sunlight spilling in the open doorway, alert and eager. Her nostrils flared gently and her eyes glowed in her desire to be free. Jani gasped in spite of herself. Freedom was so beautiful, so magnificent!
The black head was like etched marble. Freedom was a sculptor’s masterpiece -- graceful, noble, and intelligent. The long, tumbling mane almost hid her ears, but nothing could hide those eyes. They were alight and vivid with the love of wild, free things. Jani had never seen anything so incredible. She’d never even imagined anything so unspeakably beautiful. She’s like a dream, thought Jani. Like the most amazing dream come true.
She felt an overwhelming feeling of love for the proud, tormented creature before her. But there was something else, too -- something she didn’t want to admit. Jani fought against the thoughts, but they came creeping and stealing into her mind anyway, one by one.
I want her. I have to have her. She’s so gorgeous. I don’t have to set her free. I can just keep her here. Always. I shouldn’t have to give up her up.
The thoughts came in a flood now and Jani couldn’t slow them down. If I pretend to Freedom that I want to help her, she’ll still like me. And I don’t ever have to let her go. No one can take her away from me. She’ll be here every day, any time I want to see her.
Suddenly, Jani felt sick. I’m just like Mr. Hansen, she thought with horror. He wanted to keep Freedom, too, and wouldn’t let her go. She felt her stomach heave.
Confused by the thoughts trampling through her mind, Jani leaped to her feet and ran blindly from the barn. She heard Freedom’s startled snort behind her and wished she hadn’t moved so abruptly.
But she had to get away! She couldn’t let Freedom see how she felt. In her headlong flight, Jani barely noticed the thick rain shadow fall across her. Heavy, dark clouds engulfed the sun again and the birds were suddenly silenced by the advancing thunder.
Chapter 10


Back in her room, Jani threw herself on the bed and covered her head with her pillow. She wanted to hide from the horrible thoughts in her mind, but she couldn’t escape them. She moved to the window seat with Brown Bear in her arms and looked down on the rain-streaked barn. One by one, she allowed the thoughts to parade through her mind.
Can I convince Freedom I want her to be free, when really I don’t? I shouldn’t be thinking this, but I hate the thought of her being gone forever! Just like my home -- and Maria. I can’t lose Freedom, too. She stared out the window for a long time, clutching the bear to her chest, silent tears streaming down her cheeks. Finally, she drew a deep breath. “I want to keep her, Brown Bear,” she said, stroking the fuzzy face. “I can’t stand the thought of her leaving, but even more I can’t stand the thought of her not being free.” She paused and squeezed her eyes shut. The last of the tears began their swift run.
“I’ll miss her,” Jani whispered. “I’ve only known her a few days, but I can’t imagine her not being here anymore.” Her voice slowly faded away. She really didn’t know why -- but she knew it would break her heart.
Almost an hour later, Jani’s mom knocked and opened the bedroom door. “Jani,” she said, “I finished earlier than I thought. Why don’t you phone Penny and tell her we’ll pick her up at her house. That way she won’t have to ride her bike over in the rain.”
“Are we leaving right now?” Jani asked from the window seat, where she had been sketching the rain-drenched barn.
“In about ten minutes, okay?”
“Okay,” answered Jani.
It was still pouring when they parked on the street in front of The Red River Report. Jani and Penny jumped out of the car and ran to the door with their arms over their heads. Jani’s mom followed more slowly. “I’m not sure who hates the rain more, Jani -- you or Penny or Keeta,” she laughed. Jani tried to think of something smart to say, but just then her dad opened the door.
“Come in, ladies,” he said gallantly, and winked at them. “The grand tour is about to begin!” He led them through the office, pointing to different pieces of equipment as he went, telling them what each was used for. Jani stopped by one of the computers and reached for the keyboard. She clicked one of the keys and screen went dark.
“Oops. Sorry Dad.”
“Good thing I saved it,” he said, raising an eyebrow. “Hey, you may find this more interesting anyway.” He motioned them to follow and led them into another room.
Glass-topped tables lined one wall.
“These are light tables.”
“Cool,” said Jani and Penny together. Then Penny joked, “They look awfully heavy to me.”
“Ha ha.” Jani’s dad continued. “We don’t use them now because everything’s computerized, but this is where they used to lay out the articles and make the ads for the newspaper. All the stuff for making ads is still here.”
He clicked a switch and light flooded up through the glass surfaces of the tables. “You girls want to try making some ads the old-fashioned way?”
“Sure.”
Jani’s dad gave them some strips of paper with words printed on them. Then he showed them how to wax the back and press them on the page.
Jani decided on an ad for a pet store and Penny did one for a rodeo. When they had the words where they wanted them, they looked through some big, dusty books stored under the light tables and picked out pictures. Jani found some puppies and kittens for hers and Penny used a line drawing of a rearing horse. Then they took little rolls of sticky tape with designs on them and made a border around each ad.
It was late afternoon by the time they left the newspaper office. When they stopped to drop Penny off at her house, Jani’s mom and dad went in to meet Penny’s parents. While the adults talked in the kitchen, Jani and Penny played hide-and-seek with Sammy and Ben.
The little boys were terrible at seeking and even worse at hiding. Jani and Penny pretended not to see them when Sammy and Ben hid behind the curtains in the living room.
As they walked past the bulges, Penny asked in a loud voice, “I wonder where Ben and Sammy could be? We’ve looked everywhere and we can’t find them.”
“They sure are good at hiding!” answered Jani. She couldn’t help smiling when she heard Sammy giggle behind the folds.
Unable to stand the suspense, Ben threw open the curtains. “Here we are!” he yelled. The little boys laughed hysterically when Jani and Penny acted surprised.
It was almost dark by the time Jani got home. While her mom and dad made a quick supper, she ran out to check on Keeta and Freedom. The rain had stopped and Keeta was out grazing in the pasture. When she saw Jani, she trotted over. Jani stroked her for a minute and then walked to the barn. The deepening twilight made the interior too dark to see anything. Jani called Freedom’s name and waited, but there was no answer. She checked Keeta’s shallow wound, then gave her a goodnight hug and ran back to the house.
That night Jani dreamed of Freedom. She saw the ghost horse standing by the stone, pawing the ground with her hoof again and again, as if she were trying to dig a hole in the hard-packed dirt floor.
All night Jani’s dreams came back to the same scene. She would be riding Keeta, and suddenly she would see Freedom pounding the ground beside the giant stone. She would be in Maria’s apartment, and there was the ghost horse, digging at the ground in the corner, making dirt fly in all directions. She saw her beside a life-sized Sunny, Penny’s favorite glass horse, striking the ground and jerking her head up and down. Jani tossed and turned all night, restless and wakeful.
When the sky was beginning to lighten, Jani finally fell into a deep sleep. She slept soundly and so heavily that when she woke she was surprised she didn’t feel rested. Glancing at the clock beside her bed, she saw she had slept later than usual. It was almost 11:00 a.m. She yawned and stretched, then struggled out of bed and into her clothes.
Her mom had left a note for her on the kitchen table. Jani already knew they were going to be at the newspaper office all day, but her mom was telling her to call in at two. After eating a peach and some cereal, she phoned Penny and invited her over.	
“Keeta… Freedom…” Jani called out as she stepped inside the barn. Keeta whinnied back to her and this time, both horses were there, looking at her. Freedom, as usual, was behind Keeta. 
Jani watched to see if any malice had returned to Freedom’s wild eyes. Slowly she approached Keeta and reached out to stroke her neck. Beyond, the dark head rose nervously, but Freedom didn’t strike or move away. Crooning softly to them, Jani watched the ghost horse begin to relax. The black ears twitched at the sound of her voice.
“Can you tell me what to do, Freedom? Can you tell me how to set you free?” she whispered to the phantom. “What do we have to do so you can leave the barn?” Gently she stroked the red and white neck, deep in thought. The barn filled with thick silence. Jani noticed Freedom moving noiselessly away from Keeta, but she wasn’t frightened. She was sure the ghost wouldn’t try to hurt her now.
A dull thud caught her attention and she turned. Freedom was pawing the ground by the large stone. Instantly, Jani’s dreams leaped into her mind. What did Mr. Hansen say about the rock? He put it there after he buried Freedom because… he didn’t ever want her to leave the barn. But what are we supposed to do? Dig up the bones? Gross. Anyway, what good would that do?
“In here, Penny,” she answered to the sound of her name.
Penny appeared at the door. “What are you doing?” she asked.
“Just thinking, and watching Freedom. She’s been pawing at the ground by the rock. And I dreamed about her doing it all night, too,” Jani said. “Except that in my dream she was actually digging.”
Penny peered into the shadows. “She’s a lot calmer today,” she said.
“She’s not mad anymore. You can come in,” said Jani. “Just don’t make any sudden moves or anything. It makes her nervous.”
“I think I’ll stay here for a while, if it’s all right.” Penny sat down just inside the barn door. “Why would she want to dig?” she wondered aloud. “What could be there but the old bones?” A disgusted look suddenly crossed her face. “I hope she doesn’t want us to dig them up and move them out of the barn.”
“Me too,” added Jani.
“There’s nothing else there, though,” Penny continued. “Except the hobbles and ropes she was tied....”
A loud neigh from the corner drowned out her words. Penny scrambled to her feet when Freedom stepped toward her. The black ghost tossed her elegant head up and down, her mane a waterfall of jet-black streamers. She neighed again, then pawed the ground.
There was a long moment of stunned silence and then suddenly, Jani understood. “She’s telling us what to look for!” she said excitedly. “Penny, you said the ropes and hobbles. That’s what we need to find!”
The ghost horse neighed again, more softly this time, and pawed the ground once more. Silently she moved back behind Keeta and waited.
“It makes sense, doesn’t it?” Jani said, turning to Penny. “I mean, if we take the ropes and hobbles off her body, then that’s like setting her free, right?”
Penny shrugged. “Yeah, but it still seems pretty gross!” she said. “Are you sure that’s what she wants?”
Freedom neighed once more and tossed her head up and down.
“That looks like a ‘yes’ to me,” said Jani.
“Well, let’s get some shovels and start digging,” suggested Penny. “Gross old bones, here we come!”
Within seconds of getting two shovels from the garage, Jani and Penny were digging in the packed dirt. It was very difficult work. Freedom had struck the ground thousands of times over the years and the earth was packed as hard as cement.
By one o’clock they had each managed to dig a medium-sized hole and had found nothing. By two o’clock they were both exhausted and hungry. Telling Freedom and Keeta they’d be back soon, they went to phone Jani’s mom to check in. Then while Jani buttered bread for sandwiches, Penny phoned home to ask if she could stay longer.
After lunch, they dug for a few more hours. Jani’s muscles ached and she knew that Penny must be just as tired and sore.
“This is so hard,” Jani groaned, as she straightened up to stretch her back and rest her arms.
Penny glanced over and smiled. Then her gaze shifted beyond. “Look,” she said softly, and motioned with her head. 
Turning around, Jani saw that Freedom had been inching closer and closer to them. Her blue eyes held both curiosity and caution. Not wanting to startle the black ghost by moving nearer or staring for too long, Jani bent again and chipped away another shovelful of packed dirt. Penny’s gaze lingered for a moment longer; then she, too, went back to work.
By late afternoon the corner looked as if a family of gophers had been hard at work, but the girls still hadn’t found anything. Freedom stood silently over them with her head lowered, watching their progress. They had been digging more and more slowly, and Jani could feel her muscles stiffening up. They stopped when it was time for Penny to go home.
Jani collapsed against the stone, exhausted. “I think we’re going to have to go deeper.”
“It sure looks that way, doesn’t it?” grimaced Penny, looking down at the shallow holes and piles of earth. “I hope we’re doing the right thing. I mean, I’d hate it if this isn’t going to help Freedom.” She groaned. “My back is killing me.”
“It’s got to be the right thing,” replied Jani. “I mean, look at her. She’s just standing there watching us. I think she’d let us know if we were on the wrong track.”
“Yeah,” said Penny. “Unless she has a really nasty sense of humor.”
“Will you come help tomorrow?”
Penny looked at Freedom standing patiently beside them, a black hulk in the gathering shadows. She ran her arm across her hot, dirt-streaked forehead. “I’ll be here,” she said, and grinned at Jani. “You know what they say. Even wild horses couldn’t drag me away.”
Chapter 11


“Hi, Penny,” Jani called from the door of the barn as her friend walked across the grass toward her.
“Hi,” Penny replied cheerfully. “You must have started early this morning.”
“Only about ten minutes ago.”
“Is Freedom here?”
“Yeah, she’s standing over there,” Jani said, pointing into the barn. “Are you stiff today? I sure am.”
“Oh, yeah,” Penny replied. “It was torture just getting out of bed.”
“I know what you mean. What’s in the backpack?” asked Jani, as she walked back to her shovel and began to dig again.
Penny slipped off her pack and leaned it against the doorpost. “I made some sandwiches for lunch and brought a couple cans of pop.”
“Great! My mom and dad hardly ever buy pop.”
“Where’s Keeta?” asked Penny, glancing into the dark corner where Freedom stood watching them.
“She’s outside grazing. I guess she trusts Freedom completely now.” Jani stopped digging for a moment and looked over at the black phantom. “Freedom seems pretty relaxed around us now, doesn’t she?”
“Yeah. And I hope she stays that way,” Penny added. “She can be pretty scary when she wants to be.”
“You can say that again.”
“Okay. She can be pretty scary when she wants to be,” Penny repeated with a grin.
“Ha, ha. Very funny.”
Penny picked up her shovel and looked at the work they had done the day before. “Where do you think I should dig?” she asked.
Jani shrugged. “Just pick a spot close to the rock, I guess. The bones could be anywhere here.”
“Okay.”
Jani and Penny worked quickly. Despite their stiffness, the digging seemed easier than the day before.
After an hour, Jani noticed that Freedom was inching closer to them again. As Jani and Penny dug deeper, an inquisitive look appeared in her eyes.
Soon she was standing right over them. At first she just watched, but then she reached out and touched Jani’s shoulder with her muzzle. It was a soft touch, gentle and careful. Jani didn’t react, still not wanting to startle the ghost horse. A few minutes later, Freedom touched her shoulder again -- and Jani slowly turned to face her.
Every trace of the insane hatred that had lived in Freedom’s eyes was gone. Instead hope and curiosity glowed from their depths. And caution. Jani slowly raised her hand to touch the satin face -- then lowered it as Freedom drew back. The ghost didn’t trust her yet.
“It’s okay, Freedom,” Jani murmured, and slowly turned back to her work. There would be time for the phantom to learn to trust her -- and Jani knew the worst thing she could do was try to rush her. The friendship had to come at Freedom’s pace, not hers.
They were digging a lot deeper now – enlarging one shallow hole after another. Jani was just beginning to think about the sandwiches in Penny’s pack when her shovel hit against something with a dull thunk. She scraped away more dirt and peered into the hole. It was a bone.
“I’ve found her!” Jani exclaimed, and began loosening the dirt around it. “The bone’s long and straight. I bet it’s a leg.”
As she knelt down and scooped out the dirt, her fingers brushed against the hard surface. She shrank back, then slowly reached down again and touched the bone. She was surprised at how smooth it felt. Like a carving, she thought, as she ran her finger gently along the exposed length.
Penny helped her remove more dirt and after a few minutes they found what they were looking for. The leather was dry and cracked, and weak enough that the hobbles came away easily from the foreleg. They dug further, searching for the other foreleg, and finally pulled the hobbles from the earth.
Freedom stood restlessly behind them, switching her tail and tossing her head up and down, her mane a cascade of ebony silk. Solemnly Jani turned to her, the hobbles in her hand. The ghost horse neighed sharply, and the strange hypnotic feeling washed over Jani again as a spark of the old hatred flashed from the blue eyes. Freedom’s ears pinned back and she glared at the restraints.
Jani heard Penny’s sharp intake of breath and steeled herself to stay put. I can’t show her I’m afraid, she told herself firmly.
“Talk to her, Jani,” came Penny’s desperate whisper. “She listens to you.”
Jani swallowed. “Freedom.” Her voice seemed small and weak in the face of Freedom’s warning. “Freedom,” she tried again, a bit louder. “We’re here to help you, remember? We didn’t put the hobbles on you -- we’re taking them off. We’re not like Mr. Hansen. We’re going to set you free.”
Freedom hesitated for one long, breathless moment, then her ears swept forward. Slowly the hatred faded from her eyes. She nickered softly to Jani.
“Apology accepted,” Jani murmured with relief.
“Pretty scary, old girl,” Penny added. “I thought we were goners there for a sec.”
Jani chuckled quietly. “Yeah, me too.”
Freedom snorted and nodded her head up and down. Then she took a cautious step toward Jani and reached to sniff the offending hobbles. She blew great breaths onto the twisted rope and leather, her face so close that Jani could see the conflicting emotions in her blue eyes. Yet when she raised her head, her eyes were calm.
Without thinking, Jani reached up with her free hand to stroke the mustang’s face. Freedom stiffened only for an instant. Then she lowered her muzzle and gently touched Jani’s shoulder. Jani moved her hand to the glossy neck. She could feel the muscles as hard as iron under the velvet coat. She tried to run her fingers through the tangled masses of jet mane. Freedom lipped up a bit of Jani’s hair, then spit it out.
“It doesn’t taste very good, does it?” Jani grinned, and smoothed the wild, unruly forelock.
Keeta stepped into the barn. She nickered quietly and Freedom moved forward to greet her.
“Wow! Jani, I don’t believe she let you touch her!” Penny exclaimed. “What did she feel like?”
“Like a normal horse. It wasn’t gross or anything.” Jani smiled. “I’m sure she’d let you touch her, too. She’s getting pretty used to both of us.”
“Yeah? Well, maybe later. She still makes me nervous,” replied Penny, eyeing Freedom. Keeta’s head was already drooping, her eyes slowly closing. “It looks like it’s time for Keeta’s nap.”
“I think I need a break, too. Let’s have some lunch,” Jani replied. “Do you want some ice cream? We’ve got Chocolate Fudge Ripple.”
“Awesome!” Penny agreed enthusiastically. “I’m starving.”
Jani laughed. “Never say that in front of my mom, unless you want a lecture.”
Within the hour they were back inside the barn and picking up their shovels.
“If her front legs are here,” Jani said to Penny, pointing at the exposed bones, “her back legs will be over this way. And her head would be under the rock, I think.”
“Probably,” Penny replied. “Do you think Mr. Hansen hobbled the back legs?”
“There’s only one way to know for sure,” Jani sighed. She began to dig where she guessed they would be.
Sure enough, before long a second set of hobbles was laid beside the first.
“Now for the halter,” Jani said, as she looked forlornly at the gigantic rock. She knew it was going to be impossible to move.
“Maybe if we dig the dirt out from under it on one side, we can push it over,” suggested Penny.
“Great idea!” answered Jani, with an admiring glance at her friend. “Let’s try it.”
They dug at the bottom of the stone until they had made a large cave-like hole under one side. Then they stationed themselves on the other side and pushed as hard as they could. The rock didn’t budge.
“On ‘three’ let’s try again,” said Jani. “One, two, three!” They threw their entire weight against the stone. It didn’t move.
“We aren’t strong enough,” Penny groaned.
“I think Dad has a crowbar in the garage,” Jani suggested. “That might work.”
They were halfway to the house when a loud shot exploded through the still air. They looked at each other for one startled second, then ran back to the barn. From the doorway they saw Freedom back up to the heavy stone and kick out with all her might. Another explosive crack erupted through the barn.
The stone shuddered, then slowly began to topple over. It hit the scarred wall, making the whole building tremble, then rolled clumsily to a stop. Freedom reared, her cry loud and triumphant.
“All right!” the girls cheered. Not to be outdone, Keeta joined in with a neigh of her own.
Jani and Penny wasted no time. They grabbed their shovels and dug until they found what they had expected. A skull. Scooping away the loose dirt, Jani saw that some of the fragile facial bones had been crushed by the weight of the stone, though the rope halter that held the skull together was undamaged.
“Well, there it is, Freedom,” Jani said. “The last thing that kept you prisoner.” As she tugged on the old rope, her mind was full of how Freedom must have suffered. From a life of beauty and wildness, she had been forced into captivity – and then imprisoned even after death. It’s so unfair, and so cruel. What did she do to deserve it? She couldn’t help being beautiful and free.
Reverently Jani touched the bones, then straightened and held up the halter. The black ghost horse reached out, grasped it in her strong teeth and shook it. Jani smiled sadly. “I bet you’ve been waiting a long time to do that.”
“Do you think she can leave now?” asked Penny.
“I think so. Let’s see if she’ll follow us out,” Jani answered, her voice even sadder. Together they walked to the door. Freedom dropped the halter to the ground and took a few steps. Jani and Penny emerged into the sunlight and turned to look back into the shadows.
“Come on, Freedom,” Jani called. “Come on out.” But the ghost only looked at her and pawed the ground.
“She can’t come out!” wailed Penny. “After all that! What else do we need to do?”
Jani flopped down on the grass and Penny threw herself down beside her. They could see Freedom standing inside, impatiently switching her tail and stomping her hooves.
“We’ll have to think of something,” Jani answered in a frustrated voice. “But I’m out of ideas right now.”
“Maybe we need to dig up all the bones and move them someplace else,” suggested Penny.
“But when we said that before, she didn’t neigh or anything,” Jani reminded her.
“Maybe it’s what we do next, though,” said Penny, and climbed to her feet. They returned to the door of the barn.
“Do we need to bury your bones outside, Freedom?” Jani asked.
The ghost horse just looked at them. She didn’t even twitch her ears.
“Why don’t we give her a funeral, anyway,” Jani added softly. “With flowers and everything. Inside the barn.”
“Hey, good idea,” agreed Penny, brightening.
They laid the halter and hobbles on top of the fallen stone, then covered the exposed bones with earth again. Freedom stood and watched.
They thought about making a bouquet from the flower garden, but decided that wildflowers from the fields would be best. Perhaps Freedom would recognize the wild country blooms. After picking a few of each, they returned to the quiet barn and the grave. They arranged the flowers over the bones.
“For Freedom, who was forced to suffer a life of pain and captivity that she didn’t deserve,” said Jani, as she laid a spray of yellow buttercups on the grave. “She should have been set free when she wouldn’t give in.”
“Mr. Hansen murdered you by not letting you go,” added Penny, offering a daisy.
There was a pause, then Jani spoke. “I feel so terrible for her. She’s suffered so much.” She turned to her friend. “Why isn’t she free, Penny? There must be something else!”
Penny knelt and gently placed the last lupine on the grave. “Maybe Mr. Hansen’s hatred is casting a spell over her.”
“Maybe,” mused Jani. “But I keep thinking we’re missing something. Something that should be obvious.”
Penny glanced behind her at the black ghost. “But what else is there?” she asked. “Freedom isn’t evil, so it can’t be a punishment from God or anything like that.”
Jani sighed. “I know. I’m probably being dumb. Forget I said anything, okay? Do you know any funeral words?” she asked.
“I know some of a Bible verse,” offered Penny. “I’ll try to remember it.” She paused and collected her thoughts. “The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not want. He makes me lie down in green pastures and leads me beside still waters. He restores my soul. Though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I’ll fear no evil, for God is with me. Surely goodness and mercy will follow me all of my days and I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever.”
“That’s nice,” said Jani.
“Do you have one?” asked Penny.
“I’ll make one up.”
Jani turned to find Freedom close behind her, a sad, faraway look in her blue eyes. She reached out to touch the dark horse. “To Freedom. Midnight-black one. You were torn from life and left alone -- a captive for eternity. May you find your way home.”
“Amen,” added Penny.
“Don’t worry, Freedom,” said Jani, soothingly. “We haven’t given up yet.”
“We’ll think of something,” said Penny hopefully.
“Yeah,” echoed Jani. “We’ll think of something.”
Chapter 12


Jani sat in the window seat in her room, listening to music and watching the creeping twilight slowly submerge the pasture. She knew her mom and dad would be home as soon as they finished the first edition of The Red River Report. On their way home, they were planning to pick up Penny and bring her back to spend the night.
Jani watched Keeta as she grazed in the cool of the evening. The mare raised her head and looked toward the last slanting rays of the sun as they reached over the distant hills. Her spotted side gleamed rose and pink, then the sun faded away, leaving her a soft grey outline. As dusk spread over the pasture, Keeta meandered to the barn and stood outside the door.
Even in the deepening shadows, Jani could catch glimpses of movement inside the barn. Freedom didn’t seem to care about being seen anymore. It’s good Mom and Dad haven’t been home much lately, Jani thought. They might have seen her.
She pulled the headphones from her ears and wandered absentmindedly to her bed. “Brown Bear,” she thought aloud, “What do we do now?”
“I don’t know,” a deep, muffled voice answered.
Jani looked toward the door. “Hi, Penny,” she laughed. “I know it’s you!”
Penny grinned sheepishly as she came into the room. “I wish he could tell us what to do,” she said as she laid a small overnight bag on the floor. “Mom says I can stay until noon tomorrow,” she added.
“Great. We’ll have lots of time to think of something.”
“Actually, I’ve been thinking already,” said Penny. She pushed the door shut, then flopped down on the bed. “What would happen if we put the ropes and hobbles back on Freedom -- on the ghost horse that is -- then led her out of the barn and took them off. Would she be free then?”
“Do you think she’d let us put them on?” Jani asked.
“Oh, I didn’t think of that,” replied Penny, rolling her eyes. “That might be hard.”
“Yeah,” Jani agreed. “It’s still an idea, though.” She paused for a moment. “I’ve been wondering if we need to find more things that held her captive. Maybe there’s more stuff buried there.”
“Mr. Hansen didn’t mention anything else,” said Penny. “But he could have forgotten something when he told the story.”
“He did seem to remember things awfully well, though,” said Jani.
“Yeah,” agreed Penny, and sighed. “Hey, what about the big rock? Would it count as something that held Freedom captive?” she asked.
“But he didn’t move it there until after Freedom died,” Jani reminded her. “I hope that’s not it. It would be pretty impossible to get it out of the barn. And it’s already off her bones.”
“Girls, come on down.” Her dad’s voice boomed up the stairs. “It’s time for our celebration!” Jani and Penny looked at each other.
“Celebration?” asked Penny, raising an eyebrow.
“It must be because of their first edition of the newspaper. Did they tell you they finished it today?”
“Oh, yeah! Awesome! I love celebrations,” Penny replied, and jumped to her feet.
A big, Black Forest cake and four glasses of apple cider waited on the table. Jani’s mom cut everyone a huge slice of cake. Then before they began to eat she raised her glass.
“A toast,” she said, “to The Red River Report… May it continue in success for many, many years!”
After everyone had taken a sip of apple cider, Jani’s dad spoke up. “A toast to the two loves of my life, my beautiful Anna and our Jani. And a toast to her new friend, Penny. May you all have what you wish for most!”
“A toast,” said Jani, “to my totally cool mom and dad!” Then just when everyone was about to drink, she yelled “Wait! And to Penny and Maria, the coolest friends!” She lifted her glass, then stopped again. “And Keeta, the coolest horse!”
“Can we drink yet?” Her dad asked. “Or is there anyone else you forgot?”
“Just the fudge-making kitchen ghost. May it make lots of fudge,” said Jani, and took a sip of her cider. Then she nudged Penny with her elbow. “Everyone’s got to toast or it’s bad luck,” she said.
Penny cleared her throat dramatically. “A toast,” she said, “to Freedom.”
“Excellent,” said Jani’s dad, and took a big gulp. Jani smiled. It was a fantastic toast. One that meant something different to her parents, but was as important to them as Freedom was to Jani and Penny.
After eating the cake, they played Monopoly. Jani lost horribly, but Penny seemed to be charmed. In no time at all, she had Boardwalk, Park Place, and all the railroads. Eventually, it was just between Jani’s mom and Penny. When Jani’s mom went bankrupt, she laughed. “I sure hope this isn’t an indicator of our business skills, honey,” she said to her husband.
“Well, if it is, we’ll just have to hire Penny as our financial advisor,” he replied, then added, “I think it’s time for bed. I’m beat.”
“Yeah, me too,” said Jani. She wanted to get back to her room, so she and Penny could figure out what they were going to do about Freedom.
Upstairs, they still couldn’t think of any new ideas. “Why don’t we go out to the barn?” Jani suggested. “Maybe Freedom can help us out.”
“Good plan,” said Penny. “But will your mom and dad let us?”
“Sure, if it’s just to the barn. They’re probably asleep by now anyway. I can leave a note on the kitchen table,” said Jani. “We should try to be quiet so we don’t bother them.”
They left the house on tiptoe, ducking into the garage to get the flashlight. When they discovered the batteries were dead, Jani slipped back into the kitchen for a candle and some matches. Then, on impulse, she crept up the stairs to grab her sketchbook and pencil.
As they walked toward the barn, Jani and Penny could hear the muffled bark of a dog and the distant response. The night fell silent.
“Today I could see Freedom from my bedroom window. “She’s not careful about showing herself anymore,” Jani worried.
“We need to get her out of there tonight, if we can.”
“Yeah. I don’t want to start shutting the door. She would hate that!”
The summer night seemed darker than usual. Thick, heavy clouds blocked out the moon and stars and faint shadows hung from the fence posts and sprawled across the ground.
Once in the barn, they struck a match and lit the candle. Freedom was there, hovering over the uprooted stone, with its mound of hobbles and rope. Keeta rested sleepily beside her.
Jani cleared off the rock. Carefully, she tipped the lit candle so that wax dripped onto the fallen stone, then pushed the candle into the melted wax. In a minute, the wax had hardened, holding it firmly upright.
“Okay,” said Penny. “Let’s summarize. We took the ropes, halter and hobbles off the bones. Which was gross, by the way. No offense, Freedom.” Penny glanced up at the ghost horse. “I mean, we know you couldn’t help it or anything.”	
“And we asked her if taking the bones outside would help,” Jani said. She pulled the pencil out of her pocket and opened her sketchbook. Her fingers moved quickly as she sketched the two horses standing in front of them.
“We tried to call her outside.”
“And we gave her a funeral.”
“So what else can we do?” Penny asked. “Say some magic words?”
“Like what?” asked Jani.
“Oh, I don’t know. Abra Kadabra seems so boring. Maybe Ogo Pogo.”
“Isn’t that the name of a monster?”
“Well, monsters are magical,” Penny said defensively.
Jani laughed as she filled in her sketch. “I asked my dad how he would get rid of a ghost, and he said he’d throw out all the stuff the ghost needed.”
“We could do that, but Freedom just hangs around and scares people,” said Penny. “Too bad she doesn’t knit or read or something.”	
Jani stood directly in front of Freedom to add the final details to her drawing.
“Can I see it?” asked Penny.
“Sure.” Jani finished and handed the sketchbook to Penny. Turning back to Freedom, she looked deep into the illuminated blue eyes. “Why can’t you go?” she whispered.
Freedom nickered in response and Jani stroked the black neck. Suddenly she felt the familiar enchantment wrap around her, the timeless tendrils reaching out. Their eyes locked once more, and caught in that magical gaze, Jani had her answer.
Wonder flooded through her as she pulled her eyes away to stare up at the dim ceiling of the barn, then around at the four walls.
“I’ve got it!” she blurted out. “There is something else that held her captive besides the ropes and hobbles. Something else we need to get rid of!” She turned to Penny with a wide smile. “The barn!”
“You’re right!” Penny laughed in amazement. “We’ve been inside it for two days and we didn’t even think of it!”
Freedom’s loud neigh cut through the air and Jani quickly covered the black nose. “Shhh,” she whispered to the ghost horse. Then she turned to Penny. “I guess Freedom agrees. But how do we get rid of a barn?”
“We wouldn’t be allowed to tear it down ourselves -- and that would take too long anyway,” Penny thought aloud. “We wouldn’t be strong enough, either. We couldn’t even budge that rock today.”
Freedom tossed her head and neighed again.
“We know what we need to do, Freedom,” said Jani. “We just have to think how.”
The ghost horse skittered restlessly, whinnying and backing toward the wall. Keeta turned to face her, her head raised in alarm.
“What’s wrong, Freedom?” asked Jani. She reached out a hand to steady Keeta. “It’s okay, baby,” she murmured to the startled pinto.
Freedom reared and neighed again, this time louder. “She’s going to wake up your parents, Jani,” said Penny desperately. “We can’t let them discover her!”
Jani stepped forward to calm the black ghost, but Freedom reared again, then wheeled in a circle around the great rock. Her hooves skimmed over the ground and her tail flowed behind her like a dark river.
“Jani!” Penny screamed. “The candle!”
They stared in horror at the black rock that lay like a dead beast. Flames were consuming the bedding straw around it. Freedom’s tail had knocked the candle from the stone.
Jani froze as the fire leaped from the straw to the wall. The tinder-dry logs ignited as if they were soaked in gasoline. “We’ve got to get the horses out!” she yelled. Ripping off her jacket, she looped it around Keeta’s neck. “Penny, pull on her!”
Penny grabbed the jacket sleeves and tugged on Keeta, as Jani leaped behind her to push.
“Keeta, go. Please go,” begged Jani. “We’ve got to get out of here!” She threw her weight against the pinto’s hindquarters, but Keeta was paralyzed with fear.
“The fire is too close,” coughed Penny. “We’ve got to go, Jani!” The barn was quickly filling with deadly black smoke.
“No, I can’t leave her!” Through the murk, Jani saw her sketchbook lying in the straw. Grabbing it, she swung it as hard as she could against Keeta’s hindquarters. It hit with a loud smack and the frightened mare took a single step forward.
Jani jumped as the straw beneath her feet burst into flames -- then staggered back as something black shot out from the smoke. It was Freedom! Rearing high in the air, she screamed and struck out toward the living horse. Instantly, Keeta bolted toward the barn door. Penny, choking and stumbling, followed the mare out into the fresh night air.
Jani was coughing so hard she couldn’t get up. Dizzy and disoriented, she knelt in the straw, facing the door. It was only a few steps away. With a supreme effort, she wavered to her feet. Something touched her from behind and Freedom’s head was against her back, gently pushing her toward the door. It was the longest journey of her life and took all of her strength, but Jani finally staggered, gasping, into the life-giving air, the sketchbook still in her hand.
A few yards from the barn, Jani turned. Smoke billowed from the doorway. Still coughing, she approached the door again. She leaned into the barn, just under the escaping smoke. “Freedom!” she called to the ghost horse. “Where are you? Come out, Freedom! Come out!”
Gradually the smoke ceiling lifted. Some of the roof must have burned through, she thought. Then she saw the ghost horse emerge from the smoke, untouched by the fire, a mythical black creature framed by molten red and gold.
For a moment, Freedom’s wild call dwarfed the roaring of the ravenous blaze. She reared upward, her black, unruly mane silhouetted against the orange flames, her eyes glowing like sapphires.
Once again Jani was drawn into the mysterious depths of those eyes. In an instant, she and Freedom were one creature, one soul. She saw, and felt, the ghost’s joy -- and her love.
And suddenly everything was clear to Jani. She knew Freedom would no longer be a prisoner. And she knew it wasn’t the barn, or ropes and hobbles, or Mr. Hansen’s hatred that had kept Freedom captive after all. It was Freedom’s own hatred that had grown malignant within her. Jani understood that all Freedom needed was to trust -- and, eventually, to love. And it was love -- the love that glowed in Freedom’s beautiful, expressive eyes -- that had freed her. She had overcome her past, and released herself from her own curse.
“Freedom…” the name was ripped from Jani’s mouth when the connection between them was suddenly severed.
The flames were all around the ghost horse now, huge and searing, and she leaped and danced among them. They licked wildly at her legs and long tail, but were powerless to hurt her.
The fire was racing along the front wall, closer and closer to Jani. At first, the words wouldn’t come, so she raised a hand in farewell. Then, in a thin, gasping voice, she cried, “I love you too, Freedom.”
The heat was unbearable. Jani could feel the sting of dried tears on her cheeks. As Freedom called back to her, she turned and ran from the barn. Engulfed in the cool breath of the night, she felt new tears wash down her face.
Behind her, Freedom frolicked as the greedy flames devoured the scarred walls. As the barn was consumed, her celebration became more spirited.
Suddenly, the fire swelled. The hungry blaze pulled itself from the walls, forming a single pulsating mass in the centre of the blackened barn. Slowly, miraculously, it writhed and twisted into a huge red and gold beast of fire. Freedom stood proudly still before the living flame, her head high, her eyes fearless. As she faced the fire, the giant stone exploded with a loud crack in the tremendous heat.
Freedom screamed and reared up toward the collapsing roof. The fiery beast leaped, too. Black and gold twisted together, and then the roof fell. A wild darkness leaped into the purple sky, free at last.
Chapter 13


At a safe distance, Jani and Penny watched the barn fall inward. A mass of wild sparks exploded around the phantom as she rose into the sky. A triumphant cry filled the air. Not the scream they had heard before, full of rage and hatred, but a cry that vibrated with life and liberty. Shivers ran up and down Jani’s spine as she watched Freedom ascend -- the wind lashing her unruly mane and the world spreading out beneath her hooves.
The call ended, leaving an overwhelming stillness in its wake. Will Freedom join a herd of ghost mustangs roaming the heavens? Jani wondered. Or maybe she’ll run free in another world.
“Wherever you go, I hope you’re happy,” she whispered, as Freedom blended into the black night. “No one deserves it more.”
A jagged streak of lightning spiked from the clouds, followed by a deafening rumble of thunder. Keeta pranced restlessly between the girls, her hooves drumming the soft ground. She neighed to Freedom and when there was no answer, she called again, louder and longer.
“She’s gone, Keeta,” Jani crooned to the frantic mare.
Keeta nickered, and with a long, shaking sigh, turned her head to the fire. Smaller now, the flames were licking at the remains of the fallen logs.
Jani’s parents rushed out the back door to the field.
“What are you doing out here?” scolded Jani’s dad, when he reached the girls. “Are you okay?”
“Yeah, we’re fine. I’m so sorry, Dad,” Jani replied meekly.
“What happened?” asked Jani’s mom.
“That old, rotting hay!” her dad exclaimed. “I knew I should have moved it right away.”
“It could have been the lightning,” added Jani’s mom, as another flash lit up the pasture. “Don’t blame yourself,” she told her husband. “I’m so glad it didn’t strike the house.” She shuddered.
Jani swallowed nervously. “No, Mom, Dad. It was us. We’re so sorry. We had a candle in the barn and…uh…Keeta’s tail knocked it over.”
“We almost didn’t get her out in time,” added Penny, her voice racing. “She was so scared she wouldn’t move. I thought we were going to die. It happened so fast!”
There was a brief silence as Jani’s parents looked at each other. Then her mom threw her arms around both the girls. “I’m so glad you’re okay! I don’t want to even think about what could have happened!” Jani could hear the tears in her voice.
The wail of sirens announced the approach of the fire engines.
“Calm down, everybody,” said her dad. “It’s over now. Everyone’s okay, even the troublemaker here.” His hand trembled as he patted Keeta’s side. “Let’s get you girls into the house.”
There wasn’t much for the firefighters to do by the time they reached the scene. They were unwinding their hoses when the skies opened up and poured rain. Everything was instantly soaked and the fire fizzled to nothing within minutes.
Jani’s mom suggested that Keeta be brought into the garage for the night, so the girls put on raincoats and went out to get her. They spoke in whispers as they rubbed the horse down and blanketed her in the dryness of the garage.
“Freedom knocked that candle over on purpose,” said Penny.
“I think so, too,” Jani replied. “But Penny, there was more. In the barn I saw it -- and I finally understood. Freedom thought the ropes and the barn were holding her here. That’s why she wanted us to find them and why she knocked the candle over. But she was wrong. It was her hate for Mr. Hansen and all other humans that kept her prisoner. Right at the end, I saw love in her eyes -- and that’s when I knew she was free at last.”
“So you saved her!”
“What do you mean?”
“You were the one she learned to love.”
Jani felt tears welling up in her eyes. The only thing was, she’d learned to love Freedom, too. And now the beautiful ghost was gone.
For a few moments there was silence. Then Penny spoke again. “You’re going to miss her, aren’t you?”
“I really will. But we’ll just have to do lots of fun things this summer to keep my mind off it,” Jani declared.
“Yeah,” said Penny. A spark of the old, mischievous smile brightened her face. “Sounds like good therapy to me.”
Finished with Keeta, they returned to the house. Even though it was the middle of the night, Penny phoned her mom and dad to let them know she was okay, just in case they’d heard about the fire. Then the girls changed into pajamas and drank hot cocoa as they talked everything over with Jani’s parents. Before they went up to bed, Jani checked on Keeta in the garage. She was glad to see that the mare seemed calm and resigned to being left there.

Late the next morning, Jani and Penny walked around the ruins of the barn, poking through the ashes with long sticks. Penny wandered over to where Freedom was buried. Calling excitedly to Jani, she pointed to the fallen stone. The blackened hulk was lying in the ashes like the broken body of a heavy beast.
Jani gasped. “It’s split in half,” she said in awe. “The curse must really be over.”	

During the next few days, with the help of her parents and Penny, Jani gathered the charred remains of the old barn, raked and shoveled up the ashes and burned the wood in small, controlled fires. Her dad hauled a lot of the debris to the dump and brought in some topsoil. Soon the site was clean and level and, except for the broken stone surrounded by the new soil, no sign of the barn remained.
Jani and Penny got some grass seed from Jani’s dad, spread it on the earth and watered it every day. To keep Keeta from eating the tender shoots, they pounded metal rods into the ground and strung rope between them. It wasn’t very strong and wouldn’t have kept most horses off the new grass, but Jani knew Keeta thought all fences were impassable. She was interested in the delicious young shoots, but she just paced up and down the makeshift fence, hoping a gate would magically appear.

As Jani’s mom and dad settled into the operation of The Red River Report, they had more free time. Her dad started to build a chicken house in the third week of July. It was almost finished when the baby chicks arrived in August. Jani’s mom put them in a heated box in the garage until it was ready.
Whenever it rained, Keeta stayed in the garage, too, since she didn’t have a shelter in her pasture yet. Jani spread some bedding in a corner, and kept fresh water and hay for her there. The chicks’ box was right beside Keeta’s stable area, and Jani and Penny would take the little yellow fuzzballs out one by one and put them on the mare’s back. They would hop all over her, but they wouldn’t jump off. One chick even liked to hop up onto her head and nestle between her ears. Once when Keeta lowered her head for a mouthful of hay, the chick went tumbling. The girls laughed at the surprised look on her face as it scrambled indignantly to its feet under her nose.

Within a few weeks, the ground where the barn had been was covered with a soft green carpet. Only the earth around the great rock remained bare. Jani sprinkled more grass seed and continued to water it. Green shoots began to appear, but they didn’t look the same. As they grew, the girls identified them as daisies and lupines and buttercups -- the wildflowers they had spread on Freedom’s grave. By the end of the summer they were circling the stone in a joyous wreath.
Sometimes in the late afternoons when she was alone, Jani would walk out to the giant stone. It’s like a dark island slowly sinking into a bright green sea, she thought, as the grass and wildflowers grew higher day by day.
By now, she had taken down the makeshift fence. Keeta would come over and stand beside her as she leaned against the stone, enjoying its welcome warmth. It wasn’t a tombstone any longer -- only a broken rock. When a few rainstorms had washed it clean, she discovered a crystal starburst at the edge of the crack. For all its blackness, it has a white heart, she thought, as she touched the glimmer of quartz.
One hot August day, Jani brought her sketchbook with her and drew a picture of the rock with Keeta standing behind it. Then she turned the page and tried to sketch Maria from memory. But her fingers didn’t want to obey her. When she finally finished, the girl in the drawing looked more like Penny than Maria. Frustrated, Jani flipped the page and found the sketch of Freedom she had done the night of the fire. The image leaped out at her and her pulse quickened. It was a good likeness. She squeezed her eyes shut.
She missed Freedom more than she wanted to admit. More than Penny did. More than Keeta. The mare had been sad for a couple of weeks, then had settled down as if nothing had happened. But Freedom had somehow become part of Jani, and ever since the ghost horse had left, she felt as if something in herself was gone, too.
Sometimes she wondered if Freedom had put a spell on her. A haunting, empty sadness would sweep over her and she would think of the last time she saw Freedom clearly -- dancing triumphantly in the flames, love blazing in her strange, blue eyes.

The week before school started, Jani decided to visit Mr. Hansen again. She knew Penny would go with her if she asked, but she wanted to go alone.
I wouldn’t be able to explain to Penny why I’m going, she thought. I can’t even explain it to myself.
To Jani, the grey house looked even smaller as she walked up the weedy path to the front door. She hesitated, then knocked loudly. After a moment, a raspy voice shouted, “Come in.” When Jani entered the living room, she was struck by how little had changed. It was like going back two months in time. The dusty clock still struggled on the cluttered mantel. The heavy draperies still covered all the windows but one. Mr. Hansen sat hunched over, staring in the direction of Jani’s house through the one bare pane, his gnarled hands still gripping the arms of the wheelchair. He hasn’t moved since I left, thought Jani.
Mr. Hansen’s eyes widened when he saw her, then narrowed. “It’s you,” he snarled. “Well, what do you want this time? You know the story -- though I can’t say why I ever told you. I imagine you want to get rid of that devil, don’t you?” He chuckled to himself, then continued. “But there’s no way she’ll be gotten rid of. You might as well go.” A tiny, thin-lipped smile slipped across his face, then vanished as he turned back toward the window.
All of a sudden Jani felt very tired. Why am I here? she wondered again. There’s nothing I can say that’ll change anything. She glanced quickly around the decaying room, then back to the old man.
But then, he has a right to know about Freedom, doesn’t he? she asked herself. Maybe he even needs to know. With a sigh, she spoke. “Mr. Hansen, she’s already gone.” When there was no answer, she repeated more loudly, “Freedom’s gone.”
“Gone?” The tiny, whispered word slashed through the still room. Jani saw that his face had gone deathly white, though he continued to stare out the window.
“It happened about a month ago,” Jani started. “There was a fire…” She faltered.
Mr. Hansen turned toward her. The expression on his face was horrible. “Gone?” he asked again, louder this time. “How could a fire set her free?” The words swelled as he continued to speak. “She was supposed to be there forever. Long after I was dead. She has to pay for what she did to me!” The old man was shouting. “She ruined my life! She can’t be free! She has to pay!”
Suddenly he leaned forward in his chair. “It was you. Not the fire.” His voice was quieter now, but far more menacing. “It was you who set her free!”
“No!” Jani shouted, as she backed toward the door. “It wasn’t me! She set herself free!” She shook as she stared at the shriveled man in the wheelchair. The power of his rage pushed against her, and suddenly she thought of Freedom trapped in the barn. Full of hatred. Full of malice. Was it the same? she wondered wildly. Could hate be keeping Mr. Hansen a prisoner, too?
She tried to calm her desperate voice. “Freedom set herself free,” she repeated. “She learned to trust me.”
Jani paused and, in her mind, Freedom’s eyes transfixed her again. When she continued, she spoke softly, like the first time she had talked to the beautiful ghost. “She learned to love me. That’s what finally broke the spell. It was love instead of hate.”
A malignant silence engulfed the room. Mr. Hansen turned toward the window. For a moment he glared furiously beyond the dirty glass, but then his eyes dropped. Frustration and bitterness crawled painfully across his face. The iron grip on the armrest loosened. His body sagged in the chair.
Jani watched as defeat took over his body. “Freedom is gone now,” she said. There’s nothing you can do to change that. It’s all finished.” She looked down at the floor and a rushing noise filled her ears. “And she didn’t ruin your life, Mr. Hansen. You ruined it.” I can’t believe I’m saying this, she thought, as the words came out. “Maybe she made it so you couldn’t walk, but she didn’t make you lock yourself away in this room. You did that.”
The old man looked at Jani. When he spoke, his words were so soft that she had to strain to hear them. “You don’t understand. You don’t know anything.”
“All I know is Freedom forgave the past,” replied Jani. “And you can, too.”
Mr. Hansen winced as the truth of her words struck him. For a moment he stared at her, his eyes unfocused, his jaw slack. Then his mouth snapped shut and his eyes searched the living room, jumping wildly from the dusty couch to the littered tables to the threadbare rug. He glared at a long dead plant in the corner and finally, at the draperies.
“Open them!” he commanded. His eyes were bright as Jani found the cord and pulled. Light flooded through the dirt-streaked glass.
“Now open a window,” he instructed, pointing to one. Jani had to pull with all her strength before it slid up. The sounds of the birds playing in the yard drifted in on the fresh breeze.
Jani turned to see if Mr. Hansen wanted anything else. He sat blinking in the brightness. Then he nodded his head in silent thanks.
“Now go away,” he said quietly.
Jani nodded back. Smiling, she turned and walked to the door.
Chapter 14


After school started in the fall, Jani had a lot less time to think about Freedom and Maria. Her teacher, Ms. Adams, was strict, but she was also fair -- and Jani liked her. Between school, new friends and volleyball practices and games, Jani was able to focus on the present. At least most of the time.
It was when she was alone, or with Keeta, that her thoughts turned back in time. The deep sadness would creep up and wrap its gentle arms around her, engulfing her in its quiet darkness. As the months passed, she became more and more convinced the feeling would never leave her.
One afternoon in late November as Jani visited Keeta in the pasture, she felt heavier and more depressed than usual. It had been a good day at school. Ms. Adams had asked her to stay for a few minutes afterward and told her how pleased she was with her work. She especially liked a story Jani had written, and asked to read it aloud to the class the next day. Jani had agreed, as long as she didn’t tell the other kids who wrote it.
“I’m glad Ms. Adams likes my story, Keeta,” Jani whispered to the pinto mare as she stroked her face. “But it doesn’t seem right somehow. How can good things happen when Freedom’s gone? And I haven’t heard from Maria for two weeks.”
A sudden gust of freezing wind made her zip up her coat as far as it would go. Grabbing Keeta’s halter, she led the mare to the simple shelter her dad had built. It only had three walls and a roof, but it kept off the rain and snow and stopped the wind. Her dad was going to start the new barn in the spring, as soon as the ground thawed. 	
“Anyway, how was your day, sweetie?” Jani asked, when they were out of the wind. She straightened Keeta’s thick forelock. “Do you think it’s going to snow again?” Keeta nickered softly in reply and rubbed her muzzle against Jani’s shoulder. “I think winter must be here to stay,” said Jani. “Hey, I know, I’ll get something to warm you up. I’ll be right back.”
She ran to the garage for a brush and a bucket of crushed oats, and grabbed the light horse blanket hanging on the wall. Keeta greeted her as she walked back through the pasture.
“I like this school. Really I do, Keeta. There are a lot of nice kids in it,” Jani said absently as she groomed the mare. “But….” Her voice trailed away. But Freedom is gone and Maria has a new best friend now, she finished in her head. The brush stopped moving through Keeta’s shaggy winter hair, and Jani snuggled her face into the soft coat.
“But I guess I have a new best friend, too,” she mumbled into the mare’s side. “And I have you, the most beautiful horse in the world.” Keeta nickered and then took another mouthful of oats.
“Now, don’t you argue with me,” Jani said, straightening. “You are the best horse in the world. Some things never change.”
She stood listening to Keeta chew. “You know what, Keeta?” she said. “If I had the choice now, I would choose to move here, because I never would have met Freedom if we hadn’t come. Or Penny. And if we didn’t move, Mom and Dad never would have bought you. That would be terrible, to not have you.” She leaned forward again and snuggled into the shaggy side. Keeta was so warm.
Suddenly Jani felt something quiver. And again. She put her hand on Keeta’s belly and then snatched it away as if she’d been burned. Something had moved under her hand!
“Keeta!” she said breathlessly, then felt along the mare’s belly again. “What is that?” Keeta turned her head and gazed calmly at Jani. A few morsels of grain dribbled from her lips as she munched her oats. 	
That afternoon Jani’s mom called the vet and he gave Keeta a physical exam. Jani couldn’t believe it when he pronounced Keeta in foal. Impulsively she hugged her mom, who could only stammer, “How far along is she?”
“Four or five months,” answered the vet. “Didn’t you know she was expecting?”
“No,” laughed Jani’s mom. “But that doesn’t mean we’re not happy about it. What’s the gestation period for a horse?”
“Eleven months,” Jani interrupted, her voice shrill with excitement.
“That means she’ll have the baby in May or June, right?” Jani’s mom smiled. “And she got pregnant last June or July.”
“So she could have gotten in foal here or at Megan’s Riding Stable,” added Jani.
When the vet had finished, Jani threw the horse blanket on Keeta and buckled the straps, then ran to the house as fast as she could go. She had to phone Megan. After telling her the news and hearing her shocked response, Jani asked if it was possible that Captain, Megan’s Welsh pony stallion, could be the sire of Keeta’s foal.
“It’s possible, Jani,” Megan replied. “I hired a new stable girl early last summer, and on her first day of work she didn’t fasten his paddock gate properly. Anyway, he got out. We discovered it pretty quick, so I didn’t think he’d gotten in with any of the mares. But you never know. He may have been loose for twenty minutes before we found him.”
“So Captain could be the sire, then,” Jani breathed.
“Jani, I’m really sorry -- I should have told you about it even though I thought nothing happened.”
“Oh, no, Megan. It’s wonderful! Captain is so cute and I hope he’s the sire. It’ll be the sweetest foal in the world if he is,” said Jani. She didn’t want Megan to feel bad at all. And she always did like Captain. He was so energetic and fun.
When she hung up, she phoned Penny and told her to come over.

“What is it, Jani?” Penny asked later, as she gazed out into the pasture. “What did you want to show me?”
“Don’t you see anything different about Keeta?” Jani asked, with a huge grin.
“No. She looks just the same to me.”
“Don’t you think she’s getting fatter?”
Penny peered into the growing twilight. “Yeah, a little. But you haven’t ridden her as much since school started.”
“That’s not why, though,” countered Jani. “Guess again. I’ll give you a hint. We had the vet come out today to give her a checkup.”
“She’s not sick, is she?” Penny asked with concern.
“No. He said she’s very healthy. And should have no problems when the time comes.”
“When what time comes?” Penny asked, confused. Then she gasped. “Do you mean what I think you mean?” she shrieked. A few yards away, Keeta raised her head, and Penny lowered her voice. “She’s going to have a baby?”
“Yeah,” Jani answered, and laughed out loud. It felt so good to laugh again, to really laugh and mean it.	
They climbed over the fence and walked across to Keeta. Penny put her hand on the rounded belly.
“Who’s the father?” Penny asked.
“I think he must be this adorable Welsh pony stallion at Megan’s. That’s where Keeta boarded before we moved. He’s a grey show pony named Captain.”
“What do you mean ‘you think’? Wasn’t she bred to him?” asked Penny.
“No, it was an accident. He got loose one day last summer and maybe he jumped the fence into Keeta’s pasture. It wasn’t as high as his fence,” answered Jani. “And then he could have jumped out again.”
“You mean they weren’t even found together?”
“No.”
“So it could even be a different stallion -- like that chestnut quarter horse the Larson’s bought last year. He’s pretty.”
“But Keeta didn’t ever get loose here, so how could that be?” asked Jani.
“But if the stallion did, he could’ve jumped in and out of her pasture before anyone noticed him -- just like Captain,” suggested Penny with a shrug.
“Yeah, maybe.” Jani smiled. “But you know? I don’t even care.” She laughed again. “It’s just so perfect that she’s having a foal.”
“Yeah, it’s so cool.” Penny sighed dreamily and stroked Keeta’s fuzzy neck. “I guess all we can do is wait and see. When is she due?”
“The vet said probably late May or June, but he wasn’t sure,” Jani replied.
“Oh, that’s way too long!”
Jani smiled back at her. “I know. It’ll be worse than waiting for a million Christmases!” She hugged Keeta around the neck. “But if Keeta can wait, so can I.”
That night Jani phoned Maria. Maria was overjoyed when she heard the news. She asked Jani to send her pictures every month so she could see how Keeta’s body changed and grew.
Two weeks later a long green scarf arrived in the mail. With it was a letter from Maria, saying the scarf was to keep Keeta warm. Jani tied it around Keeta’s neck and took a picture to send back. She had an extra print made and bought a frame, then put it on her dresser -- beside the one of her and Maria, and a newer photo of herself on Keeta with Penny on her bike, Pinkie.
Keeta’s belly gently swelled as the months crawled steadily along. The time would have passed even more slowly if Penny’s parents hadn’t finally decided she could have her own horse.
For weeks after Christmas, the girls, along with Penny’s parents and her two little brothers, would visit different farms in the area to look at horses for sale.
“I’ll know my horse when I see it,” Penny kept saying. But after a month of searching, she began to feel discouraged. “Do you think I’ll ever find the right one?” she asked Jani one day.
“Sure you will,” encouraged her friend.
It was the second weekend in February, on Valentine’s Day, that they found Penny’s horse. As the golden palomino was led from the stall, Penny elbowed Jani in the side. “That’s him,” she whispered, her eyes shining.
Marjorie Barnett, the owner, led the horse toward them. “This is Sunshine’s Echo,” she said. “We call him Echo for short.”
“Is he well-trained?” asked Penny’s mother.
“He’s very gentle and reliable. In fact, he’s my daughter Paxton’s horse. Paxton bought a new colt last fall to train for barrel racing and poor Echo hasn’t had the attention lately that he needs,” Ms. Barnett explained as she smoothed the long creamy mane with the brush. “Would you like to ride him?” she asked Penny.
“Yes, oh, yes,” answered Penny, beaming.
“Do you even need to ask?” laughed Penny’s mom.
After riding Echo around the stable yard at a walk, trot and canter, Penny rejoined the group. Leaning over in the saddle she hugged the gelding around the neck and breathed in the clean, horsey smell.
“When Paxton and I decided to sell Echo, it was only if we could find a home where he would be given a lot of love,” said Ms. Barnett, smiling at Penny. “We could have sold him three or four times already, but I never felt that any of the people who came to buy him would love him enough.” She paused. “That is, until now. He’s yours if you want him, Penny.”
Penny’s father looked at her hopefully. “Is this finally the one, Penny?” he asked.
“Oh, yes,” Penny blurted out. “This is the one I was waiting for. Except I’ll call him Sunny, if you don’t mind, Ms. Barnett.”
“Of course not, Penny,” she answered. “I think Sunny suits him better anyway.”
“Thunny, Thunny,” yelled Ben, waving to Penny’s new horse.
“Tun… Tun… ” copied Sammy.
Penny and Jani went riding together as soon as the snow and ice were gone in the early spring. By this time it was easy to tell Keeta was in foal. Because of her heaviness, the girls only rode at a walk and they never rode far.
In mid-April, Jani quit riding Keeta altogether. Now the girl’s positions were reversed. Jani rode Pinkie and Penny rode the horse. Occasionally, they were joined by other friends from their class who had either borrowed a horse for the day or had their own, but most of the time it was just the two of them.
As soon as the ground thawed, Jani’s dad poured the cement foundation for the new barn. Jani really wanted the three-stall barn to be completed by the end of May, in time for the birth of Keeta’s foal. Every evening, she would go out with her dad and they would work together. She held the nails for him, handed him the tools he needed and, when they were done for the evening, she swept up the wood chips and sawdust they had scattered while they were working.
However, it was a Saturday morning in mid-May that Jani walked out to the pasture to find Keeta a lot thinner. At first Jani didn’t see the filly standing beside the broken boulder. It was the sound of a small hoof striking stone that caught her attention – a sound that sent a tremor racing through her body.
There she was! Her long legs were still wobbly and her dark, grayish brown coat was wavy in places where Keeta had licked her dry. The curly baby tail was held proudly, the beautiful neck was arched. 	
“Freedom?” All the pain of missing the ghost horse was in that single word. All the excitement over Keeta’s pregnancy. All the countless, unspoken hopes and prayers that Keeta’s foal would somehow be the living spirit of Freedom.
The hoof paused in midair and the filly raised her lovely head. A squeaky baby neigh floated through the air. Jani gasped as the filly turned and she saw the sky blue eyes. She saw something else, too. A flash of white.
She climbed through the fence, calling again, “Freedom!” Eagerly the little filly tottered over, pressing her forehead against Jani’s chest and nudging her with her nose.
“It is you,” Jani whispered. “I can’t believe it. You came back.” She reached down and traced the white marking on the foal’s chest with her finger. “It’s the same as the star in the stone,” she said in amazement. Etched in the centre of the dark chest was a white starburst.
Jani gazed into the blue eyes and found herself speechless. As she knelt in front of the filly, she thought of all the things she wanted to tell Freedom. How she was so happy she’d come back. How she’d missed her so terribly. How much she loved her.
The filly whinnied and tenderly nuzzled Jani’s shoulder. Slowly, Jani felt a wonderful, warm feeling flow into her. Freedom knows all those things, she realized. And she still loves me, too. That’s why she came back.
Standing up, Jani watched Keeta approach. “Is that why you didn’t seem to miss her, girl?” she asked. “Did you know all the time?”
With a small nicker, the filly greeted her mother and, turning from Jani, found her milk and began to drink. The short, fuzzy tail switched happily as she swallowed.
Jani threw her arms around Keeta’s neck. “You are the most wonderful horse in the whole world,” she said to the beautiful pinto mare. “You and your new daughter.”
Jani hugged her for a few more joyful moments, then ran to tell her mom and dad and to phone Penny. I’ll phone the vet, too, she thought. Just to make sure Keeta and Freedom are okay.
“What does it look like?” asked Penny over the phone.
“Come and see. It’s a surprise,” was all Jani would tell her.
“Is it Captain’s foal?” persisted Penny.
Jani laughed. “Come and see,” she repeated.

Soon they were all there. As they approached the pasture, Keeta and the filly walked toward them.
Jani’s mom gasped when she saw the foal. “Oh, she’s gorgeous! What a beautiful baby,” she exclaimed.
“That’s a strange color,” commented her dad, as he looked at the mouse-colored foal. “Is she grey or brown?”
“She won’t stay this color, Dad,” explained Jani. “She’ll be coal black. All black horses are born like this and, when they lose their baby hair, they’re black underneath.”
“I don’t remember any black stallions at Megan’s,” he said.
“She sure acts like she knows she’s your horse,” said Penny, when the filly nuzzled up to Jani.
Jani smiled at the suppressed excitement in Penny’s voice. She knew Penny would have lots to say later, when Jani’s mom and dad had gone back to the house.
Jani dropped her voice to a whisper. “She’s both of ours, though,” she said to Penny. “You worked just as hard as I did to set her free.”
“No. I’ve got Sunny now, and besides...” Penny glanced sideways at Jani’s parents to make sure they weren’t listening. They were talking to each other, trying to think of any black stallions in the area. “Besides,” she repeated quietly, “Freedom always was yours. Right from the beginning.” She smiled. “And you know how she treats people she doesn’t want to belong to.”
“Well, thanks,” said Jani, grinning at her friend. “But she likes you, too, you know.”
“Yeah,” replied Penny. “And I want to keep it that way!”
“What are you going to call her, Jani?” asked her mom, as the filly turned and wobbled back to Keeta.
“Freedom.”
“Freedom,” repeated her mom. “Yes, that’s a good name,” she concluded.
“It suits her,” added her dad. “What made you think of it?”
“Oh, she just reminds me of a horse I heard about. It was named Freedom,” said Jani casually.
“With eyes like that, you should call her Spook or Spirit or Phantom,” said her mom with a smile.
Her dad laughed and put his arm around Jani’s shoulders. “Well, maybe that’s why we can’t think of any black stallions around here,” he joked. “Maybe Freedom was created by ghostly magic!”
Freedom looked back at Jani. She gave a high-pitched baby snort and Jani laughed. A twinkle of amusement sparkled in the sky-blue eyes.
“Who knows?” Jani said, and smiled up at her dad. “Maybe she was!”

The Story Continues In…
ECHO
Freedom Series, Book 2
Grab it here!

Thank you for reading FREEDOM. I hope you enjoyed it!
If you did, please help other people find this book! Click here and follow your link to leave a review!

Keep reading for a preview of ECHO, the next book in the series.

Echo



ALICE

Alice stepped away quickly as her best friend, Taylor, led Rain Shadow from his stall. The black and white pinto was so massive, the clomp of his heavy hooves so loud. How could Taylor stand to be so close to him?
Suddenly, Rain Shadow sidestepped toward Alice, making her heart leap inside her chest.
“Be good, Rain,” Taylor scolded, pulling him back to her side. Rain Shadow sighed, and walked sedately behind his girl to the crossties, his massive hooves close to her heels.
How did Taylor do it? The horse made Alice want to run away, screaming.
“I can’t believe you’re canceling again,” said Taylor, her attention back on Alice. “And after I borrowed a horse for you and everything.”
Alice felt her ears turn red as the lie made its way to her lips. “I’m really sorry, Tay. But it’s not my fault.” Thank goodness her long hair hid her ears. If Taylor knew she was lying to her, she’d never forgive her.
“Whose fault is it this time?” Taylor clipped the horse into the crossties and picked up a brush.
“Mom asked me to do some chores and…”
She stopped as Taylor turned toward her, her lips a thin line in her face.
Alice stared at her in disbelief. “You think I’m lying to you?” she croaked. Finally, she’d been found out.
Taylor looked back at her horse. “No, I believe you,” she said, looking cross. She ran the brush over the shiny black and white coat, her strokes confident as she groomed the muscular beast. “It just always seems so coincidental, that’s all. You always have something else to do whenever I want you to come riding.”
“Ready, Taylor?”
Alice turned to see Jasmine striding toward them. Her boots gleamed and her short hair bounced as she walked. As usual, she looked perfect. A red horse walked briskly behind her, already saddled and bridled. Alice pressed her back to the wall and her breath grew short as the red horse walked past.
“Just a couple of minutes,” said Taylor. She handed her brush to Alice as she hurried toward the tack room. “Can you do his other side while I get the tack?”
Alice looked down at the brush in her hand. “I… I’d love to, but I can’t. I have to get going.” She lobbed the brush toward the big bucket holding the rest of the grooming supplies—the bucket was far too close to Rain Shadow to put it in manually—and miraculously, thankfully, it fell inside with a thunk.
“What’s the matter, Alice?” Jasmine taunted when Taylor was inside the tack room. “No, don’t tell me. Let me guess. You have to rush off, right?”
Alice thrust her chin in the air. “Some of us have people who rely on us, Jasmine.”
“Now you sound just like my mom. Responsibility. Reliability. Integrity. All those words that mean nothing.”
“No wonder you’re failing English,” Alice retorted, narrowing her eyes.
“I’m not failing anything.” All mockery was gone from Jasmine’s voice. “And I’m not afraid of horses either.”
“I’m not afraid.”
Jasmine laughed as she picked the brush out of the grooming bucket, and swept it over Rain Shadow’s side—the job Alice had been too afraid to even start. “The only one who doesn’t know it is Taylor because she refuses to believe you’d lie to her. But don’t worry, I’ll make sure she sees the truth.”
Heat flooded Alice’s face. Was Jasmine threatening to take away her best friend?
Taylor’s horse stamped its iron-shod hoof, and Alice automatically flung her arms up to protect herself.
Jasmine smirked at her as Taylor came out of the tack room, carrying a western saddle with Rain Shadow’s bridle draped over the saddle horn.
“I’ll call you tonight, Tay,” said Alice, hating that her voice trembled. Jasmine was so much more beastly than the horses.
“Are you sure you can’t come? It’s going to be so much fun,” Taylor said as she lifted the saddle high onto the black and white back. The horse shifted forward to avoid the cinch.
Alice stepped back as calmly as she could. “Wish I could. Sorry.”
“You always miss out, Alice,” Jasmine said in a falsely sweet voice. “We can go riding tomorrow too. You can ask your mom tonight, to make sure it’s okay, and we can all ride to the lake and go swimming.”
“That sounds great, Jasmine,” Taylor said, enthusiastically. She moved to Rain Shadow’s head and slipped the metal bar into his mouth, the leather over his ears.
“Yeah. Great,” said Alice.
“Don’t sound so excited,” said Jasmine. She gathered her reins and climbed into the red horse’s saddle.
“It’ll be nice to go swimming,” said Alice, ignoring Jasmine’s sarcastic comment. At least this time she was telling the truth.
Jasmine reined her horse toward Alice and asked him to walk. They were coming so close… the horse was going to step on her… she couldn’t breathe…
Alice couldn’t help herself; her feet had a will of their own as they carried her down the barn aisle. Hoofbeats clattered behind her and Alice broke into a jog. The hoof beats started to trot. A light sweat burst from her forehead. Alice ran faster, but still they came closer, closer.
“Wait for me!” Taylor called.
The hoofbeats stopped.
Alice ran through the doorway and darted to the side, pressing her back against the open door. Her heart thundered a hundred miles an hour and she couldn’t catch her breath. How close had they come? Would’ve Jasmine and her horse run right over her if Taylor hadn’t yelled to wait?
Only one thing she knew for sure: this was a preview of tomorrow if she couldn’t get out of the ride to the lake. Jasmine would expose her, plus embarrass and humiliate her as much as possible. And she would hurt and embarrass Taylor too, making her feel stupid and betrayed for believing Alice’s lie for so long.
Jasmine’s horse strutted out of the barn, his rider looking even more haughty than he did. Alice tried to slink out of sight, but it was too late. Jasmine locked eyes on her, a small smile touching her face. Then Taylor was riding Rain Shadow out of the barn too.
Taylor pulled her horse to a stop. “It’s just not fair. You always have chores to do.”
“I know.”
Jasmine kicked her horse into a trot, but Taylor held Rain Shadow back. The massive creature bobbed his head, impatient, and struck the ground with his front hoof. Alice could barely stop herself from shrinking away.
“But tomorrow we can go, like Jasmine said,” said Taylor. “It’ll be fun.”
“Sure.” Alice’s voice was barely a croak. “If Mom and Dad let me.”
“We’ll ask your mom tonight, after the play,” said Taylor.
“Okay.”
“Great. See you then.” Taylor asked Rain Shadow to walk. “Don’t worry, your mom will say yes,” she yelled back over her shoulder. “Once she knows how much you want to go.”
Alice waved to Taylor but her friend didn’t see her. She was already intent on catching up to Jasmine.
Alice crossed her arms over her stomach to wait until the butterflies settled. What was she going to do now? What chance did she have of keeping her terrible secret? None, absolutely none.
“Are you okay?”
Alice spun around. Penny Martin, a girl two grades ahead of her in school, was staring at her with a concerned face. She kept a horse at this stable, too.
“Yeah,” said Alice.
“You look so pale,” said Penny. She glanced back at the driveway as if she was expecting someone, then turned back to Alice. “Are you sure you’re okay?”
“I’m fine,” Alice gasped, and hurried down the driveway, away from the older girl. Everyone else seemed to notice the fear that consumed her when she was around horses—and tomorrow Taylor would too. If only she hadn’t lied that first day. If only she’d told her friend how she felt.
It wasn’t as if she wanted to be afraid of horses. In fact, she always thought she’d love them. They were so beautiful in pictures and on TV. But when Taylor started taking riding lessons at Evergreen Stable and Alice met her first horse face to face, she couldn’t stop shaking. The horse was just so big. It could squish her with one movement if it wanted. Thankfully, Taylor had been so excited she hadn’t noticed Alice’s terror—and after that, Alice lied.
She sighed as she turned onto the quiet country road. A long, boring afternoon stretched ahead of her, with nothing to do but think about what a horrible person she was, lying to her best friend. If she’d been honest with Taylor to begin with, her friend would’ve helped her to get over her fear. Alice grimaced. That was exactly the reason she hadn’t told Taylor—the idea of walking up to Rain Shadow, of getting within range of those big hooves, those yellow teeth, those amazingly fast legs…
A whinny floated toward her on the warm summer breeze and Alice stopped short, then inhaled sharply when two horses strode around the corner: a red and white spotted adult horse and a black baby horse. And the baby’s eyes… there was something unusual about them. They didn’t blend into the darkness of its face. Were they blue?
They were. How pretty! A bubbliness touched Alice’s heart. She’d found a horse pretty again. Maybe there was hope for her yet.
The foal stopped, forcing the mare to stop behind her, and raised its lovely sculpted head to neigh a greeting. Alice’s delight changed instantly to terror. She couldn’t see a rope on the young horse. Her gaze darted to the girl riding the mare. Surely, she wouldn’t let it run loose, even on this empty road.
The foal stepped toward her, and automatically Alice shrank away.
Then she noticed the sheen of a black leather halter on the fine head. A dark rope led back to the mare. What a relief! The foal reached the end of its tether and stopped.
“Hi,” the girl said.
Alice focused on her face. Jani Preston, Penny’s best friend. They must be meeting at the stable to go for a ride together. “Hi.”
“You don’t need to worry. I have a rope on her.”
Alice blushed. “I’m not afraid,” she said. Attempting to prove her words, she somehow forced her trembling legs to carry her toward the two horses. As long as she didn’t get too close, she should be okay. And at least one of these horses was small. The big one wasn’t as huge as Rain Shadow either, and if both horses stayed calm until after she’d passed them, everything would be okay. Surely, she could do that much.

FREEDOM

Freedom snorted and stopped short. She’d seen a number of humans in her short life, but none like this one. This one was different, though she wasn’t sure why yet.
The dark filly glanced back at her human. Did Jani know what was different? She didn’t think so. Her girl didn’t seem surprised or intrigued by this child.
Freedom looked back at the younger girl and neighed a greeting. When the girl only shrank from the sound, Freedom shook her head.
The girl was afraid. Was that what was different?
If Freedom could just get closer, maybe she could reassure the girl…
Jani stopped Freedom with a light tug on the lead rope. Freedom snorted. Jani must know that she wouldn’t hurt this girl, so why would she stop her?
Jani and the girl started making noises at each other, but Freedom didn’t bother trying to figure out what they were saying. Instead, she watched the girl. She was kind of cute, with her long, light brown hair, bright in the sun, eyes a clear hazel brown, and freckles across her cheeks.
The filly snorted again, and leaned forward. If she could reach the girl to pet her, like Jani liked to pet Freedom, maybe the girl would relax. Maybe she’d know not to be frightened.

Buy your copy of ECHO here!

Also Available by Angela Dorsey

Abandoned

Horse Guardian Series
Dark Fire
Desert Song
Condor Mountain
Swift Current
Gold Fever
Frantic Flight (aka Slave Child)
Rattlesnake Rock
Sobekkare’s Revenge
Mystic Tide
Silver Dream
Fighting Chance
Wolf Chasm
Horse Guardian: Books 1 – 4
Horse Guardian: Books 5 – 8

Freedom Series
Freedom 
Echo

Whinnies on the Wind Series
Winter of the Crystal Dances
Spring of the Poacher's Moon
Summer of Wild Hearts
Autumn in Snake Canyon
Winter of Sinking Waters
Spring of Secrets
Summer of Desperate Races
Autumn of Angels
Winter of the Whinnies Brigade
Whinnies on the Wind: The Collection

Sun Catcher Series
(co-written with Marina Miller)
Sun Catcher
Sun Chaser
Sun Seeker

Audiobooks
Freedom

Connect

Follow Enchanted Pony Books Online
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Website

Or Connect with Angela Dorsey
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Website

Sign up for Angela’s Newsletter and get a FREE ebook!
Newsletter
