


GENESIS


BOOK ONE OF

THE PROPHECY ROCK SERIES



T. Sae-Low

Smashwords Edition 
Updated Version 2.0 September 2013
Copyright 2013 by T. Sae-Low


This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Also by T. Sae-Low

Shadows of Kyrus

A Prophecy Rock Novella
Available Now


Coming in 2014
Book Two of the Prophecy Rock Series

http://www.tsaelow.com/



To every child I’ve had the joy to teach. Your vivid imaginations and unbridled enthusiasm have inspired me to believe that nothing is impossible.



Table of Contents
Title Page
Dedication
Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
Chapter 41
Chapter 42
Chapter 43
Chapter 44
Chapter 45
Chapter 46
Chapter 47
Chapter 48
Chapter 49
Chapter 50
Epilogue
Acknowledgments
About the Author



…The flames of absolution will purify the lost, engulfed by the One into the void of nothingness, so they may return to this world spiritually rekindled. Once prepared, Her heavenly offspring will descend from her side, to transform unto the world the paradise that is Renzai, and lead the empire to its final destiny…

-A passage from the Renzai interpretation of Prophecy Rock



Chapter 1



As Octavius stood above the cliff’s edge, peering down at Carhay, he could not imagine a more blissful city. Carhay was situated on the edge of the River Fate, between the looming Gemini Mountains. On the northern side of the city sat the Onyx Waterfall, cascading into a pool of shimmering turquoise below, so clear Octavius could see the rainbow colored fish swimming about from where he stood. On the southern edge roared the Kalandes Waterfall, crashing below onto the most exquisite temple Octavius had ever seen; three stories tall with a sunburst emblazoned upon its entrance. It was painted in various shades of red, white, and gold. The temple’s peaked roof split the rolling water into two separate streams as it roared down upon it. Octavius could see villagers, dressed in simple robes of white and crimson, moving about the temple grounds, crossing the intricately designed wooden bridge that served as the temple’s entrance. Both waterfalls connected into a glistening river below that snaked through the center of the small village. Heaven on Eos, Octavius thought. It’s a shame that it needs to be burned to the ground.
Carhay sat on the southern edge of the Disputed Lands. For centuries, war had been waged upon these grounds without a victor being crowned. Geographically, the area was nigh-impossible to navigate. The territories in the north of the Disputed Lands were more populated, where grassy valleys and thick forests covered the land, but the South told a different story. Jagged peaks covered a majority of the landscape, with icy ledges and a wind so cold it stabbed the heart of you when the faintest breeze whispered by. The roads—if you were to call them roads, as they were more akin to a sea of shattered daggers—were riddled with the bones and carcasses of people who had braved the journey, but only succeeded in meeting the One earlier than they had anticipated.
In the midst of a land that resembled more so death than life sat the city of Carhay; a blossoming rose found on the outskirts of existence. Just above the foothills, the city had been uniquely isolated from the rest of the world. Shrouded by low hanging clouds, Carhay was a mythical city realized. Unfortunately, passage through the city was the most direct route for the Vicedonian Kingdom. Any attempt to circumnavigate the Gemini Mountains would delay the planned military offensive by days they could ill afford to lose. Octavius’ intuition told him that his army could easily proceed through the city without incident. The villagers did not seem to be of a warlike nature; no soldiers could be seen, nor weapons of any kind either. But since the king had decreed that Carhay was to be burnt to the ground, Octavius knew what had to be done.
Octavius took one final look at the city, closed his eyes, and bowed his head as if to offer one final prayer to the people below. He raised his arm, and at the moment he waved it forward, the deafening roar of the army echoed across the valley, and the trembling ground beneath its feet shook the mountains into submission. The bright sunlit sky darkened as arrows and boulders soared without restraint, violently finding their targets below. Villagers ran for shelter, but there was limited protection to be found. The shrill cries of the villagers could be heard from high above where Octavius still stood. Honor. Duty. Kingdom; was the sole thought that ran through his mind now. Once ordered, the assault could not be taken back. It was for the greater good and prosperity of the kingdom that such a sacrifice had to be made. Such sacrifices were necessary.
“This needs to be done… this must be done.” And with that, Octavius began his descent into the fray.
“Poppa! Mama! Kimi!” shouted Raden as he rushed back home from the fields he tilled. The lone thoughts of a seven-year-old boy who, only minutes ago, believed life to be full of promise and opportunity. Now, as the Vicedonian army poured into his peaceful village, he saw that opportunity burn away into ashes as flames consumed the world around him.
Raden ran past the school, the market, and the blacksmith’s shop, choking on the smoke billowing from their charred remains. In his hurry to get home, Raden’s foot caught against the branch of a fallen tree, sending him tumbling into the dirt road. Pain shot up his back, shoulders, and head as he finally skidded to a halt. Confused and dazed, the spinning world slowly came back into focus. His eyes centered on a shadow off in the distance. A lone figure stood atop the mountain’s edge. He appeared to be watching the attack from above, hesitant to join in. Was it doubt that held him back? Raden found him strange and out of place, but the sound of a burning house collapsing to the ground nearby refocused his priorities. He shot back up to his feet, ignoring the fresh cuts and bruises, and ran home. He turned the last corner to his house and made a beeline to his family. Thankfully, his house was still untouched. He raced up the front stairs and burst open the door.
“Raden! You’re safe!” shouted his mother. She clutched him tightly to her bosom, Raden grasping her in kind.
“Quickly, we have to get out of here before the soldiers find us.” Raden’s father hastily threw day-old rice cakes into a bag, slung it over his shoulder, and clutched Kimi, only six months old, in his arms. He exited through the back door, his family following close behind him. The view from their home was unimaginable; fires blazed across the entire village, the Grand Temple of the One peeling apart piece by piece. Vicedonian soldiers flooded the streets, killing indiscriminately. 
Raden’s father quickly refocused his family’s attention, before the grief could consume and paralyze them. “Follow me, now!”
As the army ravaged the village, swords unsheathed within the blink of an eye, transforming from polished virgin steel to maroon soaked instruments of final release. They cleaved through the villagers, from men to women to even children. As the remaining forces reached the bottom, villagers escaped out the entrances of their homes, hoping to find liberation from this sudden nightmare, but were instead greeted by the sting of unexpected arrows.
Everything appeared to move in slow motion as Raden followed his parents through the high grass of the city’s outskirts. The grass stood seven feet tall and easily concealed them as they headed westwards.
“We have to make it to the next village and warn them. Stay low and quiet. Follow me.” Raden’s father moved nimbly through the grass. Raden, clutching his mother’s hand, stared at the ground, fighting with every fiber of his being to not let his emotions overwhelm him. They made their way close to the outer edge of the village, the sound of the River Fate flowing nearby, guiding them step by step. Suddenly, the sound of footsteps halted their advance.
“I thought I saw something move over there,” an unfamiliar voice spoke nearby. The proximity of the strange voice sent a shiver of fear racing down Raden’s spine. He was on the verge of crying when his father covered his mouth. They remained completely still and silent for what seemed like an eternity. When Raden’s father believed it to be safe, they slowly continued their escape.
Octavius looked on as the scene he had brought into existence unfolded. He could see villagers fall, every shriek of pain as distinct as notes on a piano. Catapults continued their bombardment. The booming explosions were deafening as wood and tile debris shot up into the sky and rained back down. Far worse than the sight of it all was the smell—charred wood had combined with burning flesh and the saturated blood of the villagers to create a stench so foul that Octavius needed to cover his mouth.
All in all, the assault had taken little time to complete. The so-called ‘enemy’ was in truth comprised of completely harmless and unarmed villagers, making the mission all the more swift. Nothing remained. The river that snaked through the center had been transformed from a clear surface of reflection into a clouded fog of burgundy. The army settled into their victory and began their search for riches; Octavius left them to their own devices. He called for his second in command.
“Sergeant Markus! What is the status of the perimeter?”
“Sir. We have soldiers patrolling the edges of the River Fate for any escapees. Every possible route is blocked off. No one is making it out of this place.”
“You better hope not. The king doesn’t tolerate failure. We both know that.”
“Yes, sir.”
Raden’s family had made it down to the edge of the River Fate, narrowly escaping capture. They could see the river flowing peacefully downstream. All they needed to do now was stay close to the shoreline and head south to the next village. There, they could find help. The voices they had heard earlier were now gone. Only the sounds of nature filled the air. Raden’s mother remained completely silent, but her lips mouthed the Prayers of Deliverance to the One over and over again. Deliver us unto paradise, drowning the darkness away with the light of your glory; reunite us in our lives and in our dreams. Save us and keep us until the end. Raden found himself mouthing the prayer instinctively, too. They followed the river as it bent to the left and saw no movement ahead of them. A brief sigh of relief released from their bodies, the tightness in their muscles finding respite in the growing success of their escape.
It was then that circumstances betrayed their fervent prayers. As Raden’s father continued to move forward, Kimi let out a shrill cry. The family hunkered low, hoping her cry was drowned out by the sound of the river, but it wasn’t.
“Who goes there?” a voice called out ahead of them. The sound of grass brushing aside grew louder as the voice drew nearer.
“Show yourself!”
The family remained still. Raden stared into his parents’ eyes, wondering if this might be the last time he would see them. How he wished he could take back that thought. A soldier appeared out of nowhere, grabbing ahold of his father.
“I’ve got them! They’re over here!”
Raden’s father struggled with all his might, but was no match for the armed soldier. In the chaos of the moment, Raden’s father dropped Kimi to the ground. Somehow, Raden managed to pick her up. He was about to hand Kimi to his mom when another soldier appeared out of the high grass, knocking her to the ground.
“Run, Raden! Escape into the river! Go! Save Kimi!” his father called out while the soldier continued his brutal attack. Raden raced to the river’s edge, but couldn’t bring himself to jump in. His love for his family pulled him back. He turned around, hoping he would somehow see his parents unharmed, that this was all a bad nightmare. But when he did, he saw his father’s lifeless body, and his mother collapsed onto the ground, and with the last bit of life she had, she whispered to him.
“Go.”
He jumped into the river, and let fate take its course.



Chapter 2



The smell of smoke permeated Raden’s nostrils as he awoke. He sat up, crossed his legs, and buried his face into his hands, trying to calm his heartbeat from the panic that refused to subside. He breathed in a deep, long breath, and exhaled slowly. His perspiration thickened the air around him, giving the darkened room an energy that was heavy with grief and remorse.
It had been ten years since the massacre at Carhay. From that day on, Raden had been unable to truly ever be at peace. He knew what he had done, and why, and that in and of itself was justification enough. He had honored his parents’ final wish, saving Kimi and surviving the massacre of his village. But deep down, Raden’s guilt would never let him truly forget. Perhaps there was one small action he could’ve taken or word he could’ve said to save his parents. The all-too-vivid reenactment of the massacre played over and over in his dreams. The nightmare always ended the same way: his mother staring back at him, telling him to flee as Raden jumped into the river with Kimi. The cessation of air, the involuntary swallowing, the darkness closing in on him induced an uncontrollable terror. The sensation of drowning freed him from the nightmare, finally forcing him awake.
He stared out the window, watching the branches of a willow tree flowing softly against the cool, early-morning breeze. The leaves rustled gently, swelling up and down, quietly wisped away by Mother Nature’s loving whisper. Raden allowed the moment to calm his nerves—but then the visions began to reveal themselves once again. Strange glowing markings, flowing throughout the willow tree, outlining it in a mysterious aura. Not again, thought Raden. He closed his eyes, blinked tightly, and slowly counted to five. When he reopened them, the markings had faded away, and the willow tree was untouched as it had been only moments before.
Ever since the massacre at Carhay, Raden had begun to see these mysterious markings, sometimes in the grooves of a tree trunk, in the ripples of a lake, or in the face of a mountainside. Raden could make out the strange angular patterns of the glowing markings, outlining them with his fingertips. He knew not what they meant, but they were captivating. He stared and studied them for as long as he could before they faded away. The markings glowed warmly, capturing his full attention. He found them fascinating at first; that is, until he realized he was the only one who could see them. Friends, teachers, and even Kimi caught him staring off into the distance, asking him what he was staring at. Initially, he tried pointing out the markings to them, but their doubtful expressions only made it clearer that this was his problem alone. Raden decided that he would simply tell people he was daydreaming. The excuse felt so much easier than trying to explain the truth. Now, ten years since the massacre at Carhay, Raden dreaded seeing the markings again. Was it a sickness? Was he hallucinating? These visions had become an undue burden that made an already-difficult life that much more stressful.
He exhaled again and stared at the small painting nailed against the wall of the cabin. The corners were crumpled and the paper yellowed from time, but the picture always settled down his heart rate. He had painted it at the Lunar Festival eight years ago, when he was nine and Kimi only a toddler. Falling cherry blossoms filled the picture, whisked about by the wind. Raden held Kimi’s hand, his other hand gripping a sweet pastry that was just out of reach of her tiny outstretched fingertips. She was reaching with all her strength, her feet propped up on her tiptoes, so close to her prize. Right beside Kimi stood Lulu; a young pup at the time, his talent for standing up on his hind legs and stealing food off of tables was both hilarious and an increasing problem. Lulu had become a member of the family from the beginning. When Raden escaped the Carhay massacre and had finally made it down the River Fate to the next village, his body washed ashore racked and exhausted. He lay by the riverbed, hoping he was close enough but unsure of which way to go. If not for a young pup nearby that had taken an immediate liking to Kimi, they would’ve been lost. They followed Lulu as he diligently guided them to the village and into the comforting arms of his own people.
Suddenly, the front door flew open as Kimi rushed in with a bowl in her small hands. In it she had prepared breakfast for him: hot steamy porridge and a few pickled vegetables, just the way he liked it.
“Good morning, Raden!” Kimi exclaimed as she made her way to the cot. Lulu barked in his attempt to say hello. The sight of the two of them, inseparable since they were little, made him smile.
“Raden, I made your favorite breakfast for you! It was supposed to have a piece of rice cake, but Lulu snatched it while I turned my head. I told him he was a bad dog, but I don’t think he cares.”
Raden chuckled as he stared at Kimi’s jet-black hair, done up in pigtails this morning.
“Kimi, did you know that I am the luckiest big brother in the world? Not only do I have a great little sister, but she also cooks me breakfast!” 
With that, Kimi shined her big bright smile that stretched from cheek to cheek, and Lulu barked with joy to share in the moment.
“Why don’t you sit here with me? We can share this wonderful breakfast you made,” whispered Raden into Kimi’s ear.
Whenever Raden whispered into her ear, Kimi couldn’t help but giggle from the sensation of his breath. It always made them both laugh hysterically, but inside Raden also felt a twinge of pain as he remembered how their mother had done the same to him.
“Lulu, do you want some breakfast, too?” Kimi whispered into his little furry ear, but rather than giggle, Lulu sat up on his hind legs, ready to beg and receive.
They all shared a laugh and basked in the quiet joy of the moment. Kimi glanced over to the painting on the wall. Raden followed her eyes and stared along with her.
“I was so young in that painting, and all I wanted was the dessert in your hand. It’s too bad mom and dad couldn’t be in it, too,” said Kimi in such a soft, tender voice that Raden could barely hear her. To listen to his ten-year-old sister speak with such maturity both filled his heart with joy and sadness.
She misses her, but never knows what to say. She was only a baby when mom and dad were killed. How many memories could she really have of them?
Somehow, she could read his thoughts. “I think I remember the way she smelled,” whispered Kimi. “Like roses in the springtime.”
“Yes… she did,” answered Raden.
They finished their breakfast, talking about Kimi’s schoolwork and how her favorite subject at school was history. She enjoyed learning about the past and about the heroes and heroines of the Renzai Empire. She always reminded Raden that he could, someday, end up being a hero in her storybooks as well. That notion made Raden smile, for as facetious as he may have taken it, a part of him always knew that that’s what he truly wanted as well. He wanted to protect his family, his people, his empire from forces that would do them harm. We are the peace. We are the daylight. The mission of every Renzai soldier reverberated within his soul. His heart now, devoted to his empire’s cause. But deep down, his visions haunted his every step. Hiding beneath the surface, unsure of when or how they would disrupt his life.
As sunrise came up over the hill and filled up the cabin with morning light, Raden knew it was time to put on his uniform and head to base. Today he had a special meeting with the Prophet, and when one of the members of the Ministry of Transcendence called upon you personally, lives were often changed. The opportunity to become a hero had possibly presented itself this day.



Chapter 3



Raden arrived at headquarters promptly at 0700 hours. Never one to be late for an appointment, especially one related to the military, Raden appeared before the southern gate ready to check in. He was adorned in his traditional military attire. Steel plates covered his body from the neck down. Numerous rivets pinched at various hinges allowing him great flexibility and movement. Large boots with studded soles gave him increased purchase. He covered the armor with a single sleeved robe, the customary attire of all citizens of the Renzai Empire. The robe was snowy white with red trim. The crimson sunburst symbol of the Renzai Empire splashed across his back and chest. At his waist, his sword dangled low, resting closer to his thigh.
The southern gate was one of three gates that served as the only means of entrance into Renzai headquarters. The western and eastern gates were smaller and primarily used for trade shipments by land and sea, respectively. The southern gate was the main gate and nearly three times the size of the others. It stood twenty feet tall and twenty feet wide. Three layers of steel encased the gate, with wood and reinforced iron sheathed between. The Renzai sunburst decorated each door. The gate had never been breached, nor even dented in any skirmishes from past wars. It was designed and constructed centuries ago during the founding of the empire. The first emperor Renza was credited with the design and construction of the gate. It was rumored that he had forged the giant pieces of steel himself, molded them with his own hands, and placed them into the ground where they still stood today. Raden was never one to believe in such myths so easily, but the mere fact that Renza had garnered such a legend made him all the more respectable in Raden’s eyes.
The gate guards watched as Raden methodically approached the checkpoint. They stood in two columns, one on each side of the paved roadway leading up to the gate. The guards were massive soldiers, giants amongst men, sworn to oaths of silence so they would remain ever vigilant for the empire. They dressed in black; from head to toe they could scarcely be seen in the cover of night. The ancient armor they wore shimmered meekly against the glint of the morning sunlight. Their single sleeved robes hung low and heavy off of them. The spears they carried were twice the size of their already-massive bodies. The gigantic spears should’ve been the most intimidating part of their attire, but it wasn’t. That honor was saved for their headpieces. The helmets they wore almost covered their entire heads, save for their face and a small gap underneath the neck that was left exposed to enable greater movement. On top of their helmets were attached a great pair of horns, each soldier’s different than the next, the only distinguishable feature that helped to tell them apart. Beetle horns, stag horns, and ox horns, each pair unique, bent and exaggerated in its own grotesque way.
Each guard wore a white mask with red paint splayed out in bursts of sunrise. Six gate guards protected the southern entrance, and not surprisingly there had never been an issue with trespassers. As Raden approached, the guard with the beetle horns lowered his spear, aimed directly at Raden’s head. Although he should’ve been used to the protocol by now, Raden always hesitated a bit before standing at attention, saluting with both arms exed across his chest and declaring his name, rank, and division. The sight of that giant spear aimed right at his head wasn’t something he would ever get used to, he thought. The gate guard lifted the spear and nodded to two others to open the gate. They waved him in, and Raden obliged, eager to be on his way.
A massive statue of Emperor Renza immediately greeted visitors. His right arm thrust up to the heavens, his left hand clutching the hilt of Lightstorm, the most renowned sword in all of the empire, with a blade so sharp it had been rumored to split the sky in two, letting fire rain down from the heavens during the First Great War. Renza was garbed in the dress of olden days: a simple robe with one sleeve torn off, old cloth boots, and Lightstorm’s scabbard attached to a belt wrapped across his waist. It was said that in the early days of the founding of the empire, armor was scarce and difficult to make, and only the mightiest of warriors survived. Raden stared at the statue’s face, the sculptor capturing perfectly Renza’s look of sheer determination. Perhaps founding a nation as mighty as the Renzai Empire required such greatness. Raden reminded himself of his own desire to prove that determination to his people some day.
Raden paid his respects and moved further down the main path towards the Inner Sanctum. Down the main corridor he walked with deliberate steps, the clicking of his boots echoing off the acoustics of the large, empty hall. The hall was dimly lit, torches providing the only source of light. From the little light provided, Raden could still make out the paintings on the wall. Legends of past heroic deeds retold from the founding of the empire to the present. There stood Renza at the beginning of the story, extinguishing his enemies with a burst of fire from Lightstorm. Another ten steps and Raden could see the formation of the Renzai headquarters, Renza placing the southern gate into place, and the One from the heavens above pouring down blessed water into the middle of the structure, producing the Kamo Garden, the heart and soul of headquarters. Raden continued along and could see Akira with his legendary bow; Teza with her two faces, the most famous spy in all the empire. Her ability to infiltrate was so great she had convinced the Mazus that she was their queen, expanding the empire without any bloodshed. A few more steps laid Dogen, the one and only Renzai commander to betray the empire. He was lured by promises of riches by the enemy, but was later captured and publicly executed for his treason. Raden stared as the rope hung taut over the tree branch, with Dogen’s body hanging lifeless from the noose. Such cowardice was to be punished, but Raden believed that such a punishment was too lenient for a traitor.
As Raden exited the main hall, the Courtyard of Ceremonies greeted him with a wash of sunlight. The large open-air plaza was the site of all official decrees and addresses by the Ministry of Transcendence. The scent of cherry blossoms filled his nose from trees planted along the entire perimeter of the open rectangle. In the center stood the towering platform from which one of the ministers would appear and deliver the news. Ancient dragons adorned each of the four sides of the tower with faces twisted and grotesque. Renzai banners, two single white pennons with red and gold sunburst, hung from each side and rippled violently in the wind. Raden’s eyes moved from the banners to the identical emblem emblazoned upon his chest. We are the peace. We are the daylight, he thought. It filled him with pride to see the rays stretching forth out to world, bringing with them harmony to a world torn apart by war.
The courtyard was filled with soldiers and officers scurrying busily across the field, not wasting any time.
“Raden, you ugly bum! Why don’t you watch where you’re going?” yelled a tall and rather fat fellow with black spiky hair and piercing green eyes. He bumped into Raden with such force, perhaps contributed by his massive girth, that Raden had nearly fallen over. Raden looked up at the imposing figure standing above him.
“Gama, you oversized sausage link, the next time you bump into me like that you better be ready to draw your weapon.”
The two individuals locked eyes and slowly inched towards one another. The people close by took notice and subconsciously began to form a circle around the two.
“So what are you gonna do about it, you skinny twig?” Gama said without a bit of hesitation in his voice.
“I’m gonna take that sword of yours, cut you up into a hundred little pieces, and feed your worthless tubby carcass to my dog. He’ll never worry about starving with the size of your blubbery body feeding him,” retorted Raden angrily.
The tension in the air grew thick. A young recruit could be heard whispering loudly nearby. “I think the fat one is gonna rip the skinny guy apart.”
With that comment, both Raden and Gama glared at the young recruit, looked back at each other, and burst out in a fitful of laughter. They embraced one another with smiles and hugs. The young recruit was utterly confused and the look upon his face was priceless.
“When did you get back, Gama? I heard that you weren’t due back for another week or so?” smiled Raden.
“The mission was cut short; the section of the Disputed Lands they sent us to recon was too heavily fortified. The Vicedonians have Sargatum so well guarded that we couldn’t move east up the river without them noticing us. General Yagar is commanding the troops up at Lake Raphia and had requested more supplies and reinforcements, but there’s no way we could risk losing all that to the Vicedonians. We’ve come back to reconvene, suggest that Yagar send a contingent of soldiers to meet us in the Shambling Woods. Perhaps we’ll be out of sight of the enemy by then. Anyways, I’m glad to be back to base early, can’t wait to hit the kitchen and say hello to the new girl working in the dining hall,” chuckled Gama with his high pitched tone.
“Well, you’ve been sorely missed, especially your twisted sense of humor, Gama,” replied Raden.
“Where you off to this morning?”
“I have an appointment… with the Prophet,” said Raden under his breath.
Gama was silent for once in his life. It took him a minute to gather his thoughts before responding. “So you have any idea why he wants to see you, Rad?”
“I have no idea, Gama. But once I’m finished debriefing with him, you’ll be the first one to know. Now, I gotta go before I’m late and I don’t even get to find out.”
The two best friends clasped right hands and patted each other on the back. As Gama walked away, images of Kimi flooded Raden’s thoughts. He had a strange feeling about this meeting, but he tried his best to clear his mind, making his way into the Inner Sanctum.
The Inner Sanctum housed the royal residences, the tribute hall, high-ranking officer quarters, and the Temple of the One. But most importantly, at the center of the sanctum was the Kamo Garden, the place where the Ministry of Transcendence resided. The five members have been around since the days of old; nearly a millennium ago is what some believed. Whether be it from magic or alchemy, their near immortality was something that put both fear and hope into the empire’s soldiers.
Raden ascended the stone steps leading to the Kamo Garden. Oddly enough there are no guards housed here to protect the Ministry, but if they’ve lived this long, perhaps they know full well how to protect themselves, thought Raden. Five statues stood at the top of the stone steps wrapped in a semicircle. Raden knew the procedure, but a part of him was still a bit incredulous about it. Raden walked up to the statue of the Prophet, saluted and declared, “Raden Nite! Corporal, Tribe of the Lion!”
A few seconds passed by without a thing happening. Raden stared at the statue blankly, not knowing what to expect. Suddenly, from below him, the stone ground began to move. Raden jumped back, nearly hugging the statue of the Prophet. The floor in the center had turned into a flight of stairs leading downward. Raden looked around to see if anyone else had witnessed it as well, but remembered he was alone. Slowly, he took a step forward and made his way down the spiral staircase. It seemed to be much deeper than he expected, and the darkness grew dimmer as he descended. Finally, he reached the bottom of the staircase and stood before an old bamboo door. The door seemed oddly out of place. For an environment where stone, metal, and even magic seemed to reside, this flimsy bamboo door couldn’t possibly be the last barrier to the quarters of the Ministry of Transcendence.
As the thought preoccupied Raden, the bamboo door creaked open and a bright light poured in. Raden walked into the blinding light, and when his eyes finally adjusted, he found himself standing in the middle of the most beautiful garden he had ever seen; the Kamo Garden. Cherry blossoms fluttered by, white oak branches grew from every corner, red bridges with ornate designs crisscrossed every which way over streaming rivers of clear water that seemed to originate and end out of nowhere. Birds of all colors and sizes flew by above his head. The garden seemed so much larger than he’d anticipated. Raden took in all of the beauty that was before him, until he noticed a figure standing off in the distance, peering at itself in a pond. Raden knew that was the Prophet and made his way over.
As Raden approached from behind, the Prophet suddenly turned and spoke first.
“Raden Nite… welcome.” 
Raden stopped in his tracks.
The Prophet was an imposing figure, he dressed plainly in a tan robe, black cloth shoes, and cooled himself with a leaf-shaped fan. His long, straight hair was jet black, wrapped up in a bund at the crown of his head. His long pointy sideburns matched his equally long goatee. It wasn’t the clothes or his appearance that was imposing, it was his sheer size that Raden noticed first. He wasn’t just tall, but large as well. He seemed to be double Raden’s height and weight all at once, yet his voice was surprisingly calming.
“Raden… what do you know about Prophecy Rock?”
Raden gathered himself, searched for the answer, and began. “I know as much as I was taught in school… sir.” Raden wasn’t sure just how to address the Prophet, but sir seemed to suffice.
“Continue please,” spoke the Prophet.
Raden hesitated a moment. History wasn’t his favorite subject, nor did he excel in school for that matter. It was difficult to focus when all he could concentrate on were the strange markings that appeared unexpectedly. Raden tried to recall as much information as he could before obliging. 
“Prophecy Rock is supposedly located in the center of the world, on a mythical island in the middle of the ocean. Upon the rock, which is the only feature of the island, is etched the prophecy that there is to one day be a savior who will bring peace to the world.”
“Yes,” said the Prophet. You’ve memorized the history of it just like the little ones in elementary school do. Now let me ask you this, do you believe in it?”
Raden flinched at the question. “Sir, I believe in what I can see with my…” Raden paused a bit before continuing, “eyes… and feel with my hands. I have never seen, nor been to Prophecy Rock, so neither do I believe or disbelieve in it… sir.” Raden felt that he had given a perfectly safe answer.
“Your response isn’t really an answer, Raden Nite,” the Prophet said softly.
Raden was at a loss for words. He thought he had given a safe reply, but the Prophet saw right through his answer. Unsure of what to say now, the only sound that came out of his mouth was, “umm…”
The Prophet smiled gently. “Relax, Raden. To some, Prophecy Rock is nothing more than a myth, an old legend that parents tell their children before bedtime. To many others though, it is very real. Many have tried to find Prophecy Rock, but have returned empty handed, or not returned at all.” The Prophet fanned himself before continuing. “There is more to the story of Prophecy Rock than they teach in school, would you like to hear it, Raden Nite?”
Raden wasn’t about to say no to the Prophet, so he nodded his head and spoke, “Yes, sir.”
“The legend goes that long ago, at its inception, Eos used to be one land, one people, with no oceans to divide them. They lived united, in a time of harmony and peace. They thrived, creating a culture of love and prosperity. The One watched over them, proud of the beauty that these people brought to the world. So impressed was She, that She decided to reward them with the Gift, offering them some of Her power: the ability to create form out of nothing. To bring into existence anything they dreamed of, the only limitation being the power of their imagination. But over time, disagreements over how to use the power began to divide them. Before long, these once peaceful and united people found themselves splintered and entrenched in war. The One, disappointed by their selfish behaviors, took back the power She had given them, but it was too late. They blamed one another for their punishment, and the divisions between them grew deeper still. The One grew ashamed of Her children when She saw no end to the war, and so She destroyed her once beloved creation, leaving only but a few survivors. The aftermath of her divine justice left Eos shattered, the lands broken and separated into what we see today. However, She still held out hope. To remind the survivors of their lives before the Gift, and how beautiful life had once been, the One wrote upon a rock a prophecy that one day, a savior will come who will unite them together once again and return peace to a world torn apart by war.”
Raden thought about the Prophet’s story, and about how Eos was still in the midst of a war that had no apparent end in sight. For as long as Raden could remember, the Renzai had been battling the Vicedonians. Fighting for every piece of land, no matter how small or insignificant. 
“I guess we’re still waiting for this savior to come.”
The Prophet turned back towards the pond, staring at his reflection. “There are stories of individuals appearing in history who possessed godlike powers, leading many to believe them to be this savior. They are called Candidates, and they have appeared in different parts of Eos. But all of them thus far have proved to be false. Corrupted by their own power, some were driven mad; others committed suicide, or were killed.”
“How did they get these divine powers?” asked Raden curiously.
“Nobody knows for sure. Perhaps it’s the One endowing an individual in the hopes that they can restore Eos. Or, it could come from other sources of power.”
“Other sources?”
“Yes, Raden. After the Gift, some people were said to have created and worshiped darker entities that embodied hate, fear, and death. There are places in the world that still reek of these entities today. They could also be a source of these powers.” The Prophet turned back towards Raden, studying him inquisitively but not uttering a single word.
Raden shifted his feet slightly. He stared down at the ground, unable to meet the Prophet’s eyes. He felt like every secret was being accessed within him. His diminutive stature standing next to the Prophet didn’t help things either.
“Come here, Raden, stand by the pond with me.”
Raden took slow and deliberate steps towards the edge of the pond. He stared at his own reflection. The nervousness he felt inside could easily be seen on his face as well.
“Do you know why you’re here today, Raden?”
Raden simply shook his head.
“A vision of you appeared to me here.” The Prophet gestured towards the pond. “This pond reveals things to me. Some I understand, but some I do not. I was unfamiliar with you, so I looked into your background. Your reports show you to be an average soldier, currently a corporal assigned to the Lion Tribe. Your superiors are complimentary of you, but nothing really stands out. So, I wondered why you appeared to me. It wasn’t until I looked deeper into your background that I noticed something interesting. You are from Carhay, are you not?”
Raden’s body stiffened. He started gritting his teeth, and his fists clenched instinctively.
“You’re one of the few survivors of the massacre at Carhay, yes?”
Raden nodded his head.
“And your parents were killed?”
Raden nodded again.
“And your sister, she—”
“I saved Kimi.” Raden didn’t realize that he had interrupted the Prophet. “She was only a baby then. She lives with me now. I’ve taken care of her since my parents were killed.” For the first time since their meeting began, Raden found himself staring directly at the Prophet.
“I see.” The Prophet began fanning himself again. He broke away from Raden’s stare, and looked back at the pond. “Your report also mentioned that you were highly distracted in school. Teachers said you were always daydreaming, staring out the window. Once you had mentioned seeing visions of some sort?”
Raden really didn’t feel like discussing his visions. The probing questions about his family had soured his mood, but he had to remind himself whom he was in the presence of, and lying to the Prophet didn’t seem like a good idea.
“I see… strange markings, glowing patterns that appear out of nowhere. I don’t know what they are. I just see them, and then they fade away.” Raden realized he was clenching his fists, his knuckles white from strain. He took a deep breath and opened his hands, relaxing his body and mind. It was almost a relief to finally tell the truth to somebody.
The Prophet paused for a bit, standing there, staring at his reflection in the pond below him. After what seemed to be an excruciatingly long time, he finally spoke again.
“Aside from possessing godlike powers, these Candidates that have appeared in history have all lived and died in very different ways. However, there is one other thing that is common amongst all the stories I’ve heard.”
Raden’s ears perked up. He took a step closer to the Prophet, to make sure he clearly heard what was next.
“These Candidates leave behind… markings. Strange glowing symbols belonging to the original children of Eos, some say. Today, many refer to them as the Ancients. Whatever these Candidates touch becomes marked.”
Raden’s eyes were wide open. He opened his mouth, but no words came out. The Prophet broke the moment of silence.
“Raden, I now understand why you appeared to me in this pond. Lately, I have heard some whisperings that have troubled me greatly. This war we’ve waged with the Vicedonians has been going on for longer than I can remember. We’ve both conquered other nations and kingdoms, expanding our territories greatly. Aside from the Pharosi lands, we’ve divided the remainder of the world in half and have come to a standstill. The war has no end in sight, and perhaps this standstill has allowed us a brief respite of peace. The Disputed Lands are in turmoil, and there is no near victory there for either side. Until recently, I had believed that things would continue as they have been for the next millennium or so.
Raden wasn’t sure what to say, or if he should even say anything at all in this moment. What news could possibly trouble the Prophet, and why was he speaking to him about it?
“There are rumors that the Vicedonians have claimed a Candidate. If these rumors are true, then that could mean the demise of our beloved empire. Raden, I see now that the One has given you the power to find this Candidate and possibly the savior. My fear though, is that this Candidate may be another false one. But even if he is, I’m afraid that the Vicedonians will take control of his power and use it against us. I need to know if these rumors are true. If they are, I need you to find out what kind of powers he possesses. You’re the only one who can find him, Raden. Your mission is to infiltrate the Vicedonian encampment in the western lands, find this rumored Candidate, and return to me with what you discover. The future survival of our people depends on your success. Do not fail me, Raden. Do not fail your people.”



Chapter 4



“Ophelia, be a dear and feed me some more grapes.”
“But we’re all out of grapes, beloved, how about a nice juicy apple instead?” replied Ophelia meekly.
“If I wanted an apple, I would’ve asked for an apple, now go find me some grapes or I’ll ask the Minotaur to pay you a visit.”
The notion of a meeting with the Minotaur was most unwelcome. Ophelia stared blankly at Aric, but only for a moment, for she knew better than to stare at him longer than that. The last girl who had lost her temper with Aric simply vanished. The official story was she had run away, but those who lived within the castle walls knew she had been sent to a meeting with the Minotaur down on level three of the dungeons. Any person sent to level three was given a death sentence whether officially decreed or not, and Aric had no qualms about issuing such a command on a whim.
Ophelia quickly looked away, glancing down at the floor. “Yes your highness, I will return shortly with your grapes,” and with that she scampered out the room in search of the most precious bunch of grapes she could ever imagine.
Aric watched her blonde hair bounce and reflect off of the torches in his chamber. He chuckled to himself, amused by her sudden burst of energy. He turned his attention to the red headed beauty resting upon his left arm. “Melody, dear, did you see the look on her face when I mentioned the Minotaur? The fear in her eyes was comical.”
Melody laughed her high-pitched giggle that could be heard from the siege towers to level three of the dungeons. Most of the occupants in the castle found it painfully annoying, but Aric seemed to enjoy hearing Melody laugh. Not because he found it charming, but because he found pleasure in watching her make a fool out of herself.
“She looked as if a ghost had walked right through her!” exclaimed Melody as she threw her head back, long red hair flowing everywhere. “She should’ve known that you were simply jesting my beloved.”
“Jesting?” whispered Aric into Melody’s ear. But it wasn’t a warm whisper spoken between lovers; it was cold, sharp, and sent a quiver of fear running down Melody’s spine.
“If you think I was jesting, then perhaps you’d like to visit the Minotaur as well.”
Melody’s boisterous personality subsided within an instant as she softly replied, “Forgive me your highness, I meant no disrespect.”
Aric’s cold fingertips caressed Melody’s face before raising her chin so that their eyes met. Dread consumed her, unable to predict what machinations were running wild through his head. She tried her hardest to stare back; only Melody noticed that he wasn’t staring at her at all. She followed his eyes as they gazed right past her. She slowly turned around, noticing the sword hanging off the table behind her. Her throat went dry.
“Do not ever speak to me with disrespect again, Melody, for I—”
Bang! Bang!
“What is it?” Aric exclaimed.
“My lord, we have a situation,” shouted the guard.
“What is it that requires my attention at this hour of the night?” responded Aric, clearly exasperated by any notion of more work for the day.
“We caught a prisoner attempting to escape from his holding cell, your highness.”
A cruel smile appeared on Aric’s face. He turned back towards Melody. “And now you’ll get a chance to see what happens to those who disrespect me… beloved.”
Aric grabbed the sword off the table and flung the door open. “Take me to this trash.”
“My lord, right away.” The guard led them down the empty hallway, the sound of heavy boots hauntingly echoing off the cold stony walls.
“Melody, come along; I think you’ll enjoy this next part.” Melody tried not to show any signs of nervousness as she quickly followed Aric down the hall and to the holding cells below, but found the deceit to be an arduous task.
The three of them made their way down a spiraling staircase to the first entrance to the prison. The gate patrol noticed Aric and quickly stood at attention.
“Open the gate, Prince Aric wishes to see the escapee,” exclaimed the guard.
“Yes, sir!” answered the two soldiers. Quickly, they cranked the levers on both sides of the gate, forcing the gate to split apart down the middle. The heavy iron doors were six inches thick and so well built that not a sliver of light or a sheet of paper could fit between any of its crevices. A loud bang signaled that the doors were completely ajar and the three of them made their way through.
The gate opened up onto a single bridge. The bridge was about five feet wide, narrowly designed so as to prevent any groups of prisoners from easily escaping. Prisoners were much easier to kill if they lined themselves up to be fired upon. Each side of the bridge was closed off by barriers that were adorned with strings of metal, tipped with razor sharp blades that looped across the entirety of the bridge. Spears jutted out from both sides of the bridge in a confusing disarray of hopelessness for any escapee. If somehow they managed to get over the strings of metal and over the protruded spears, the only way out from there was down. The bridge stood two hundred feet above a pit that was so dark that many referred to it as an empty void of the Creator. The hole had been the original site of the Vicedonian castle. But as the kingdom grew from conquests, the castle and the royal residences had been moved to the top of Mount Syphax. With nothing but an empty pit remaining, King Maximus decided to move the prison here, utilizing the natural barrier to prevent any possible escape.
As they made their way across the bridge, Melody noticed guard towers on opposite sides of the bridge, spaced about twenty feet apart. Prison guards stood at the ready, crossbows drawn and aimed directly at her head, or so she felt. She couldn’t see their faces, their mysterious nature adding to her already disheveled state of mind. The Minotaur was given complete autonomy of the prison and dungeons, only required to report to the royal family. Even the regular castle guards avoided the Prison Unit. They rarely spoke, and the only emotion they exhibited was when their yellow eyes glowed brighter as they focused in on executing prisoners. She felt the stabs of their eyes as they followed her across the length of the bridge. She closed her own, hoping to avoid their stares, but that only made the stench of the fog rising out of the pit even more unbearable. It reeked of rotting carcasses and sewage, a stench so foul she felt nauseated, but was able to hold her dinner down just as they made their way to the entrance on the other side of the bridge.
Two prison guards stood at the ready, dressed in darkened steel, and with jagged plumes of yellow mounted atop green and black helmets. The Vicedonian symbol of the letter ‘V’ superimposed over a faint lambda was etched onto their shields, axes gripped tightly in their opposite hands. Not an inch did they move as the trio walked past them, but Melody’s fear overtook her. In her hurry to bypass them, she inadvertently bumped into Aric. Aric stopped, slowly turned towards his right, and before Melody had a chance to apologize, the back of his hand was already across her face. Smack! As the pain swelled in her cheek, she could see that Aric had already turned back towards the officer and was making his way down a flight of steps. Her options were limited; stay here with the prison guards or follow Aric. She quickly caught up to him, but made sure she stood an arms length away now.
The first floor of the prison housed the holding cells. All prisoners were stationed here before being sentenced by the Minotaur, or in more significant cases, judged by the royal family themselves. Level two was where most prisoners of war and minor offenders were kept. They could sometimes be seen performing manual labor in and around the prison. Some prisoners appeared healthy, well nourished and even stronger than prior to their arrival. It was these prisoners who could also be seen in the warrior pits, performing for the guards, guests, and royal family during celebrations and holidays. They enjoyed a bit of celebrity and fame, and were allowed certain accoutrements during their incarceration, but knew better than to defy the Minotaur by trying to escape.
On the other hand, there were the prisoners who were horrifically emaciated, barely able to walk, but still required to pick up tools to plow or quarry stone. Needless to say, these prisoners did not last very long and were the unfortunate targets of frustrated prison guards. The only other place they could be seen was hanging off the sides of the bridge, failing in their escape attempts.
Level three was known as the Dungeons. Anyone sentenced here was never seen again. Only the most ruthless criminals and most important prisoners of war were kept within this level. Few have actually seen the dungeons, and the rumors of what happens there proliferated. From man-eating dragons, to cannibalistic spirits, to the rulers of the Black were said to reside in that place. Not much was known, and that’s the way the Minotaur liked to keep it.
They made their way down to the holding cells. Small aisles branched off from both sides of the main hallway and led even further down into the depths of the prison. The guard walked forward. “He’s the fifth one on the right, your highness.”
Aric’s hand slowly made its way towards the handle of his sword that hung across his back. He unsheathed it and let the tip of the sword drag across the stone floor, creating small sparks and an unnerving screech that forced Melody to cover her ears. Her nostrils filled with a dampness that exuded desperation. She tried her hardest to stare at Aric’s feet in front of her, following him step by step in stride. She thought seeing what dwelled in these cells was making her knees weak, but deep down she knew it was the idea of seeing Gunther that filled her with thoughts of betrayal.
“Melody…” whispered a voice from a cell on her left. She stopped dead in her tracks, still facing downwards. It couldn’t be him, it just couldn’t be, she thought. Her head began to turn towards the voice, and before she knew it, something had grabbed her left arm and pulled her against the cold steel bars.
“Hey girly, aren’t you a pretty—”
Aric’s sword moved so swiftly that all Melody could see was a severed arm still clinging to her. The prisoner wailed from the pain, cursing and screaming. “I’ll kill you, you piece of filth!”
“End his incessant crying, it’s getting on my nerves,” Aric ordered the guard.
With a click of his crossbow, the moaning ceased. The officer turned around to the cell behind him. “Here we are, my lord, the prisoner who tried to escape.”
He had witnessed the entire incident and was already on his knees begging forgiveness for his transgression. “Ppplease… your hhhighness… I won’t evvver try to escccape again… I don’t knnnow what I was ttthinking,” he stammered as spit flew from his lips.
“No, I know exactly what you were thinking, Anahuac.” Aric crouched down, staring eye to eye with the prisoner.
“You thought you could actually escape from here, and somehow… miraculously, by the divine intervention of whatever heart-eating god you worship, make your way back home. Or even better, perhaps seek shelter from your Renzai allies out East.”
“Nnno sir, I was only tttrying to find sssomething to eat, I pppromise! They don’t fffeed us in here, and I haven’t eaten for dddays.”
“Open the gate.” As the officer searched for the correct key, the clanging of each key sounded like a death knell to the prisoner. He was an Anahuac warrior, fighting alongside the Renzai Empire in the Disputed Lands. Their alliance had gone back a decade, when the Renzai agreed to assist the Anahuacs against the encroaching Pilgrims of Fate from the north. The stipulation being that the Anahuac Empire would become an outlying colony of the Renzai. Tazoc, the Anahuac ruler, worried that he would lose his people regardless, bent his knee to Emperor Zero. Together they quelled the northern attack and the Anahuacs had been indebted to them since.
As the officer swung the gate open, Aric grabbed the prisoner by his long braided ponytail and lifted him up to his feet. Garbed in a dirt smeared prison outfit, Aric covered his nose and pushed him down a smaller hallway. With the tip of his sword jabbed into the prisoner’s back, they began to move. When they reached the end of the path, the prisoner could see that it opened up onto an outdoor ledge that overlooked the pit of blackness below.
“You don’t need to promise me that you won’t escape again. I’m going to make sure that it never happens.” Aric drove his sword deep into the Anahuac’s right leg. It cut right through the flesh and scraped the stone floor beneath it. He wrenched it free, and the prisoner fell to one knee. Aric’s right foot thrust forward with such force across the prisoner’s chest that the Anahuac skidded across the platform and clear off the ledge, disappearing into the pit below. Not a thud, nor sound could be heard.
Melody stared in terror, unable to form any words or thoughts.
“That, my dear, is what happens when people disrespect their prince.” Aric smiled wickedly as he wiped his bloody sword on Melody’s dress.



Chapter 5



As Aric and Melody silently made their way back to his chambers, the thoughts of what had just occurred played over and over in her head. If I were to ever upset this monster, even in the slightest, I could end up at the bottom of that pit myself, she thought. She touched her blood stained dress as a reminder. The next time this could be my own. She could see Aric sneaking glances at her every so often, and although he was in front of her, she could still feel the insidious smirk stretch across his mouth as he snickered to himself. If only this night would end now, she silently prayed.
“Aric, I’ve been looking for you,” a voice boomed from behind them. “The king has summoned us to the war council. I checked your chambers, but your servant informed me that you were dealing with a prisoner? What business is that of yours?”
“Unlike you, Xander, I choose to deal with problems with swift and resolute action. He attempted to escape, he was caught, and so I decided to end his life. The problem was solved.”
“Did you read his report before you went ahead and executed him, Aric? I know you didn’t, but if you had, then you would’ve realized that he was more important to us alive. We captured him after the battle of Edessa in the Disputed Lands. He had knowledge of the Renzai Empire’s secret locations east of the River Fate. That knowledge could have proven extremely advantageous to us.” Xander spoke with calm, but stern clarity that always aggravated Aric to no end. “And now he’s dead and useless to us. How many times has your brashness and inability to see beyond the tip of your sword cost us in this war? You’re always so—”
“Shut the hell up, Xander!” yelled Aric. “I don’t need you, nor anyone else to scold me like a child! You have your methods, and I have mine! Don’t stand here and lecture me on the merits of diplomacy.” Aric’s face began to turn red, and the large vein on his forehead throbbed ferociously.
Xander stared at him blankly. “You’re a prince of the Vicedonian Kingdom, third in succession to the greatest kingdom in this world… start acting like you know what that means, Aric. Now, let’s go to the war council before father has us both punished for making him wait.”
Aric wanted to continue arguing his point, but knew Xander was right about making the king wait. He bit his lip and walked briskly away.
The two sons of King Maximus II left Melody standing alone in silence. Thank goodness for Xander. He is a true hero of the kingdom, and will one day become its greatest king yet. The citizens of Vicedonia worshipped Xander as their savior-to-be. They proudly claimed him as their first son, which always infuriated Aric when he heard it chanted in the streets. Xander was taller than the average soldier, with short-cropped black hair that matched his jet-black eyes. He wore silver-steeled armor covered in blue trim, with the Vicedonian insignia crested upon his shoulders. Vicedonian armor was much stronger and bulkier than their enemies’. Due to the pure physicality of the kingdom’s soldiers, they could wear such armor and still maneuver deftly on the battlefield.  
Xander’s skills in combat had already become a thing of legend as every army he had led had yet to suffer defeat. He was King Maximus’ favorite son too; everyone in the kingdom knew that. He was loyal to his family, even to Aric with all his faults. Devoted to his wife and his two young sons. He was simply… perfect, thought Melody as she made her way back to Aric’s chamber, wishing that Xander would visit her dreams tonight.
The war council was assembled in the Great Hall adjacent to the throne room. As Aric and Xander entered, they could already hear the vehement bickering of Dontos, King Maximus’ oldest and most respected advisor, and Constantine, the retired general from the Second Great War. Constantine no longer commanded troops, but his wealth of knowledge and experience proved a great asset to King Maximus. King Maximus thought of both of them as brothers; too bad the same couldn’t be said of their feelings towards one another.
“Such a strategy is the idea of a fool!” shouted Dontos. “To mobilize both the Third Unit and the encampment at Sargatum towards Lake Raphia would leave us completely vulnerable. The enemy could easily march right up to our gates if they so desired. Sargatum has always been of utmost importance on surveying their movements. Only an idiot would decide to uproot them and send them to a battle that they simply cannot win!”
“Dontos, the only thing that matches the length of that ridiculous beard you keep is the emptiness that sits between your ears, you relic!” retorted Constantine.
“Watch your words, Constantine! You may have proven your worth in the Second Great War, but your contributions at this war council have not been useful for decades!”
Constantine simply guffawed at that notion and was about to open his massive jaw in response, until thankfully, the entrance of the two young princes halted everyone in attendance.
The door guard announced loudly. “My lord, Prince Xander and Prince Aric, as you requested.”
“Thank you, soldier,” answered the king.
“My sons, the war council has… how would you say… been having a difficult time deciding on the best strategy to deal with Lake Raphia. Perhaps you have an opinion that may sway our elders here,” spoke King Maximus with his calm and friendly yet stern voice.
Aric looked around at those in attendance. He already heard Dontos and Constantine doing what they do best. Dontos was looking frail as ever with his white beard nearly touching the ground; he held his wooden cane in his right hand and was clothed in a silk robe of purple and blue. Constantine was nearly ten years younger than Dontos, but that still placed him well into his sixties. Tall and broad in the shoulders, in his prime Constantine’s presence on the battlefield alone would send enemy soldiers fleeing. He was taller than most and wielded the largest axe Aric had ever seen. The axe was now housed in the armory, for nobody since had been able to wield it. Aric had tried to lift it once in his youth, failing miserably and thinking to himself that he’d be better off trying to lift Atlas’ celestial spheres. Constantine today was still physically impressive, but his massive shoulders were now matched by the girth of his stomach. He still had the white and black stripes running down his beard, a sign of his noble house. He shot Aric a quick glance that made Aric smirk. Aric had always been fond of Constantine, impressed by his fighting prowess, but more so by his quick temper and desire to act.
The hall was circular in design, with a giant map of Eos carved into the center of the floor. The king sat atop a throne at the head of the room, while Dontos and Constantine sat below him. Captains from each of the eight legions sat around the table, clad in their own unique colors and insignia. Markus, the Fifth Legion captain dressed in purple and green, his helmet shaped into a Phoenix. Octavius, the Eighth Legion captain garbed in orange and blue, a Chimera emblazoned upon his shield. Around the table Aric’s eyes went, noting each captain. The only figures missing were the four generals, and the Third Legion captains who were currently out on missions.
All legions within the Vicedonian army were capable combat soldiers, far more skilled than their average enemy, with the exception of the Renzai. But within the Vicedonian army itself, it was the Third Legion that excelled in combat. The largest collective by far, it was divided into four units. The First Unit was currently battling Renzai troops in the south, the Second Unit controlled the foothills of Kih Bayar, the Third Unit defended passage around the Dark Forest, and the Fourth Unit was currently engaged in battle at Lake Raphia.
Aric began, “I would agree with General Constantine in his assessment. The time to strike is now. The battle at Lake Raphia has been at a standstill for months now. Only the pure strength of a full assault will suffice.”
Constantine belted out a jolly laugh that always seemed so out of place given his formidable appearance. “Your own son, our prince even agrees with me, King Maximus. I think the matter is settled.”
“Nothing is settled, you dumb brute,” proclaimed Dontos. “Prince Xander has yet to offer his suggestion, and his is the one that bears any weight in this matter.”
Aric’s stare burned a whole through Dontos, but Dontos was unfazed. Ever since he was a child, Dontos could not stand Aric. He saw Aric as the thorn in King Maximus’ side, with his incessant crying and emotional outbursts.
“My king, general, and captains of the war council, both Dontos and Constantine have legitimate cases. The time to send reinforcements to Lake Raphia is soon arriving. But, we cannot afford to move Major Kymon’s forces from Sargatum, as they are our only means of tracking the enemy’s movements.
“But they’re the closest to the battlefield. Any other legion would take weeks to march that far north,” interrupted Aric.
“True, they are the closest, but they are needed where they are. The Third Unit is currently with General Arges housed just outside our walls, blockading the only path around the Dark Forest that leads into our territories. They are second closest, but they also cannot be committed; even if they are the most decorated unit in our entire army.”
Everyone was listening to Xander with full attention.
“The enemy at Lake Raphia is led by General Yagar. As you are all well aware, his presence, knowledge, and skill in the art of war make him equivalent to ten war heroes of old. He alone is commanding the troops there that stymied General Steropes and his advancement. Despite being outnumbered two to one at the onset of the battle, he has forced a standstill.”
Xander’s eyes glanced towards Aric before continuing. “No… numbers simply will not work against him. He has the geographic advantage and knows how to prevent a simple attack by numbers. We need to flush him and his forces out of Lake Raphia. We need to create a distraction large enough to capture his attention. The only way to do that gentlemen, is to posture by sending our remaining legions in a full-scaled march towards the enemy headquarters. The only place of more importance to General Yagar than the resources at Lake Raphia is the headquarters of the Renzai Empire itself. Once he realizes the danger to his homeland, he will have to choose between defending his post and returning home. I am of the belief that he will abandon his position. Once his troops have fled, we will redirect our forces up towards Lake Raphia and seize control of it. ”
The room went quiet at Xander’s suggestion. Members of the war council stared back at one another, unsure of what to make of the proposal.
“So we march at first dawn?” asked Aric.
“No,” replied Xander. “Full preparations for this assault will take weeks, if not months. There can be no mistakes.”
“Weeks? Months?” retorted Aric angrily. “The time is now! Father, mobilize the troops immediately!”
King Maximus pondered deeply, fingers rapping the arm of his chair. The room held its breath as it awaited his decision.
“We will do as Xander commands. Begin preparations for the assault. The attack will begin at Xander’s behest.”
Aric couldn’t take the embarrassment. Once again Xander had humiliated him, and this time in front of the war council no less. Aric stormed out of the Great Hall and headed straight to his chamber, seeking out Melody.



Chapter 6



“Idiots!” cried Aric as the heavy iron door slammed angrily behind him.
“To wait weeks, if not months? That will only allow the Renzai to strengthen their numbers as well. We have enough forces both out in the trenches and here at the capital to take this victory, today!”
Aric stared into the hearth centered in his chamber. The fire danced and swirled in sweeping motions, left to right, right to left… stirring the anger in his heart. The rage growing within him was boiling over now, to the tipping point that he himself knew was dangerous.
Your temper will always be your downfall, is what Patros, his combat instructor had always admonished him with. You have strength and passion, but without temperance you are akin to the storms of Acropolis, destroying everything in their path, both enemy and friend alike. The mere notion that Aric would bring harm to his own family only filled him with greater rage.
“Melody!” shouted Aric into the empty room. “Where are you?”
Admus came limping out of his closet-sized servant quarters. “She and Ophelia have gone for an evening stroll, your highness. They did not mention the hour of their return. Is there a request you need of me, my lord?” he asked wearily.
Aric’s eyes glanced around the room, not sure himself what he wanted Admus to do, but needing to punish somebody for his embarrassment at the war council. Nothing immediately caught his eyes, until he noticed the decorative sword and shield above the fireplace.
“Pick up the sword and shield off the wall… and defend yourself,” whispered Aric in a haunting tone that he only used when his anger had gone past the point of no return.
“But my lord, I do not know how to use them. I was never trained in combat.” Admus managed to get the sentence out despite the pounding in his heart.
“I said, NOW!” roared Aric as he took a step towards Admus while simultaneously producing his sword from its sheath.
Admus knew better than to ask again. He hobbled over to the sword and shield and wrenched them off the wall. He struggled for a moment as the weapons had been screwed together. Gripping the sword tightly, he kicked the shield time and again until finally they separated themselves. Admus let out a quick sigh of relief. He reached over to pick up the shield when he heard Aric begin his advance.
Aric’s sword came thrashing down upon him. Admus managed to weakly raise the sword in his right arm, but Aric’s strength simply overpowered him. The swords crashed together with a thunderous noise, and Admus watched as his sword flew across the room, skidding out onto the balcony. Before he could react, Aric had begun to raise his sword for a second blow. This time, Admus managed to grab the shield with both arms and covered himself. As the first blow clanged against the shield, his ears rattled from the echoing. His body cringed, and he held onto the shield handles with all his might. Clang! Clang! Clang! The strikes rained down upon him. How much longer he would have to endure this punishment, of which he did not deserve, Admus did not know. He only hoped to escape his master’s wrath with his body fully intact. With every swing of his sword, Aric shouted Xander’s name again and again. The onslaught continued until Illiana opened the door, stunned at what she saw.
“What is going on here, Aric?” Perhaps the only servant in the kingdom who dared to call Aric by his first name, Illiana showed no fear of him.
Aric, breathing heavily from his attack, took a moment to catch his breath before approaching Illiana. As he raised his hand to chastise her for her impudence, Illiana ignored him, quickly making her way over to Admus. She knelt down and lifted the shield off of him. “It’s ok, I’m here to help you.” Admus looked up with eyes full of tears, his right arm aching from grasping the shield so tightly, knuckles as white as the moonlight.
“What have you done to him? What wrong did he ever commit to deserve such a punishment!” exclaimed Illiana.
Oddly enough, her directness towards Aric was something he secretly admired about her. Other subordinates he saw as pitiful sycophants whose disingenuous comments only served to rile his anger. In Illiana, he saw a girl who never showed any signs of fear: similar to himself, he thought.
“He’s my servant. He does my bidding whatever or however I request it of him,” said Aric coldly.
“Then you are a coward. Like the owner who beats his dog, you only know how to abuse those that are weaker than you. You have a cowards heart, Aric Agiad.”
Aric stepped towards Illiana.
“Go ahead and strike me coward! Strike a defenseless woman! It will only prove my point,” snarled Illiana.
Aric stopped abruptly. He glared at her, halted by her outright defiance. “One day woman, your insolent mouth will have you six feet under,” he said. “You’re weak, just like him. You care too much about others. That is why you are a servant. Fate has decreed you to be less worthy than me.”
“Then Fate is a fool to bequeath such power to a petulant child as you. You, who have earned no honor, nor glory for your kingdom. You, who believe your birthright gives you dominion over others. I believe your status exists because it is given to you by those whom you are entrusted to govern,” hissed Illiana.
“Save your breath, woman. Do not try to twist the truth with that wicked tongue of yours,” said Aric as he walked out onto the balcony. He bent down to pick up the sword that Admus had pitifully tried to defend himself with and examined the edges carefully. The sword glinted off the moonlight as Aric closed his eyes, taking a deep breath of the night air.
He slowly opened them to see the whole of Vicedonia come into focus before him. The royal palace sat high above, and from his vantage point he could see his kingdom stretched out from east to west, north to south.
This is my land and these are my people. Father has grown old and hesitant, a shell of the former warrior that he once was during the Second Great War. His war council is filled with nothing but relics from an era long dead. Times have changed and they remain stuck in their old ways. Xander. Though he may possess exceptional skills in combat, he is not meant to lead this nation. Put a white beard on him and dress him like a king and he would be a clone of father. No, these people deserve better than them. They deserve a king who does not fear anything and will protect them at all cost. Words of diplomacy and caution are the so-called strategies of the weak. I will protect my people with the tip of my sword. I will protect my people not in a few weeks, or a few months… but today.
With that last thought, Aric raised the sword out in front of him. His eighteenth birthday was soon approaching, and he knew exactly what he wanted for a gift. He stared down the edge of the blade as it pointed towards the east. “I will vanquish my enemies… and I will do so in the morning.”



Chapter 7



Raden was still in disbelief, his conversation with the Prophet still resonating in his head. He had been chosen to check on rumors about the Vicedonians claiming a Candidate, and more importantly, to protect his people should this Candidate be false. But, he was still just a lowly corporal with limited years of experience in the field; he wasn’t even part of the recon division. Incredulous at the thought, Raden meandered down the hall leading out of the Inner Sanctum.
I don’t know if I can complete this mission. In his moment of doubt, he stared blankly at his surroundings. The paintings of past Renzai heroes caught his attention. The images helped him refocus and remember. Perhaps this is my chance to make Kimi proud and become the hero in her storybooks. Maybe my face will be added to this wall someday. The thought calmed his mind. He focused in on the task at hand. I’m a soldier. It’s the one skill that I’ve managed to demonstrate consistently. My job is to execute, not question.
As he repeated the thought in his mind, execute, not question… execute, not question, Raden’s pace picked up. With every step he gained a confidence and resoluteness about him until he found himself marching quickly down the hall.
Raden thought of his next move. If I’m to go immediately, then I need to convene my team now, but who to bring? The Prophet had told Raden that he should take two people along with him whom he trusted. No more than three people were needed for a reconnaissance mission. He already knew one person who was going to go whether Raden liked it or not… Gama. Gama seemed to be the antithesis of a recon soldier, and how he was able to move so nimbly was beyond Raden’s comprehension. Gama had just returned from his mission in the Disputed Lands, but Raden knew he wasn’t one to sit idly around headquarters either.
Raden made his way towards the Lion Tribe halls where Gama said he’d be surveying the newest kitchen concoctions. Soldier quarters were very different than officer quarters. For starters, the halls were built underground. Headquarters was shaped like a bowl with four bridges built across the top of it known as the Cross. The Cross converged upon a circular foundation in the center. This is where the Kamo Garden, Temple of the One, officer stations, Tribute Hall, and other key structures were housed. The area beneath the Cross was divided into four quadrants, and served as the soldiers’ residences. The Lion Tribe was located in the quadrant closest to the eastern river beneath the Temple of the Holy Monk. Separate staircases spiraled down towards the halls; Raden found the closest one and descended.
As he made his way down the steps, Raden could feel the nervousness transform to excitement as he thought more about his mission. You’re the only one who can find the Candidate, is what the Prophet had said. Do not fail your people. The last thought stayed with him as he exited the staircase. Raden’s resolve continued to grow. He would not let his people down.
Raden made his way towards the second basement floor where Gama resided, and could hear the unmistakable high-pitched laughter of his best friend coming from the first floor. Raden knew immediately that Gama was in the kitchen causing a scene.
“So there I was, cornered with two Vicedonians pinning me down. I had no way out, and from the crooked smiles on their faces you’d think they were ready to skewer a pig for a barbeque! Imagine that! Me… a pig! What a ludicrous thought! I’m probably closer to a rhinoceros than a filthy pig!” joshed Gama as he captured the attention of a fresh group of recruits. Gama loved telling recruits his highly embellished and imaginative stories of combat, romance, and bravery.
“Well, could you blame them? Look at you, dash some seasoning on you and I’d take a bite out of you right now, porky.”
Gama lifted his head out of the huddle, saw the source of the insult and threw a piece of meat at Raden. Raden swiftly dodged to his left as the pork chop hit the wall with a splat before sliding down the wall, leaving a greasy trail behind.
Gama chuckled again. “Recruits, this here is Raden Nite, you’d do well to remember his name and face. His sense of humor is awful, but he’s going to be a legend someday; just had a meeting with the Prophet, right?” The recruits looked at Raden with eyes a wonder. “So why aren’t you bowing down at his feet!” yelled Gama.
The four recruits dropped to their knees so swiftly, uttering apologies that Gama’s laugh reached a higher frequency than usual.
“You ingrates, he’s not a legend, yet. Oh man, recruits sure are funny!”
“Alright Gama, leave the new guys alone. Speaking of meetings, I need to talk to you right away.”
The look in Raden’s eyes was one that Gama recognized. Even when they were young, Gama could feel it when Raden was being serious. Gama couldn’t help but keep the levity high in all that he did—that was just his personality—but Gama also knew when it was time to get to business.
They made their way back to Gama’s quarters, where neither seemed to want to sit for this meeting. Raden closed and locked the door, double-checking to see that it was tightly shut.
“Gama…”
“What is it, Rad? What did the Prophet talk to you about?”
“Gama… the Prophet has ordered me on a recon mission. He wants me to… infiltrate the Vicedonian encampment, and bring back confirmation.”
“Confirmation? Of what, Rad?” asked Gama curiously.
“Of… a potential Candidate…” spoke Raden sternly.
Gama’s eyes widened as the words came out of Raden’s mouth. “You’re talking about the Prophecy Rock legend?”
Raden nodded in agreement.
“I’ve heard of stories about Candidates showing up, but I never really believed them. I didn’t think they actually existed.” Never had he imagined that this would be the outcome of Raden’s meeting with the Prophet.
“Well, we don’t know for sure if this Candidate does exist. The Prophet doesn’t want to take any chances, though, so he asked me to find out. Even if this Candidate turns out to be false, it can still be powerful. He’s scared the Vicedonians will possess a power capable of ending this war.”
“Ending this war?” Gama thought about the words for a moment. “Oh, you mean the end of our empire, right?” he said sarcastically.
“Yeah. We can’t let that happen. That’s why I need you and Oli on this mission with me, Gama. I need soldiers I can absolutely trust.”
“You know I’ve always got your back, Rad, and if it’s true, I’d love to see what a real life Candidate is capable of. Oli will be a great help picking up trails, too. She’s been so bored here at base anyways. And frankly, I’m sick of her chewing up my shoes just to pass the time.”
“I knew I could count on you, Gama.”
“So did you have anyone else in mind for the mission? I’m sure there’s one person you’ve already considered asking,” inquired Gama.
“Yeah, I told her to meet us here. She should be—”
Knock! Knock!! 
“That must be her. That girl is never late,” chuckled Gama.



Chapter 8



She stood outside the door, impatiently waiting for them to unlock it. She thought she could hear Gama laughing inside. Gama is a fat idiot immediately sprang to mind. The thought repeated over and over in her head. She usually enjoyed Gama’s company, his jovial and light hearted nature when the time was appropriate, but when the situation called for a more serious tone, Gama’s light-heartedness, especially his laugh, just pushed every wrong button in her. She flicked, twisted, and spun the butterfly knife through her fingertips, blade and handle alternating in a hypnotic dance, when the door opened slightly.
“Who is it?” She could see Gama peeking through the crack.
“Just open the door, Gama!”
“Alright, alright! Calm down there, little girl.”
The door opened and in she walked, butterfly knife still writhing between her fingers. Her eyes locked onto Gama’s with an unusual intensity. Gama stared back, trying to match her coldness, but within seconds his eyes darted towards his feet. Kara always had that effect on people. Cold-blooded and heartless were just two of the many adjectives soldiers used to describe her. Not that she minded, though; Kara always knew she was an excellent soldier. The fact that she only came up to the shoulders of most soldiers, and weighed about half of what they did, were all the more reasons to motivate and prove her worth. What fearsomeness she lacked for in physical appearance, she more than made up for with attitude.
“Hey, Kara, how’s it going?” asked Gama with a sarcastic tone.
“Cut the crap, Gama, you know how it’s going. Let’s talk business here. Save the chit chat for later.”
Gama looked at Raden and raised his eyebrows with widening eyes. A look that Raden knew meant, what’s her problem? He tried to chuckle silently, but the effort to stifle the laugh backfired and Raden let out a snort.
Kara glared at Raden with angry eyes, as if she had been the object of their amusement and was about to let them hear it, when Raden interrupted.
“You’re right, Kara, let’s get down to business.”
Raden informed Kara of his discussion with the Prophet, but purposefully left out the portion about his visions. He still wasn’t entirely sure how he felt about that part and figured, when the time called for it, he could inform his companions if need be.
Kara put away her butterfly knife and leaned against the wall. “I never would’ve imagined…”
“I was told I can only bring two people with me on this mission, and you’re the two that I’ve asked to accompany me. Gama and Oli, for your tracking skills. Kara, you’re one of the highest ranked intelligence officers in all of the Lion Tribe. I need your abilities to ensure this is a successful mission. Gama, we’re definitely going to need Oli if we’re going to get past some of the Vicedonian encampments west of Kih Bayar.”
“For sure, Rad, Oli’s been itching to get back out.”
“Good. So we’re set. At 0600 tomorrow we move out. Not a word to anybody about this mission. I mean it, Gama; don’t be blabbing about this to anyone, even the new girl in the kitchen.”
“Alright, alright, sheesh!” exclaimed Gama, exasperated by the mere notion that he couldn’t keep a secret. “I won’t say anything,” and motioned his fingers zipping his lips shut.
“Kara, you can’t tell your father either. The Prophet ordered this mission to be kept secret from everyone, even him.”
Kara’s eyes glanced to the right briefly, as if doubting her own ability to keep a secret. “It’s better that he doesn’t know anyways, he would just… worry.”
“Then rest up tonight, eat your last meals, and offer up your prayers at the Temple of the Holy Monk. This mission could change the course of this war. We might not make it back if it all turns out to be true.”



Chapter 9



The morning was grey, washed out like a rock beaten by the crashing waves of the ocean. Drops of dew still wet with perspiration that only the start of a new day could bring.
Raden arrived at the main gate an hour before the scheduled time. He always needed the extra time to mentally prepare himself for a mission, especially one as significant as this. He stuck to the same routine: find a tall tree, heavily shaded, and climb up to the first branch where he would sit and stare into everything and nothing all at once. He tried visualizing the mission in his head, moving from one point to the other along his imaginary map. When he’d reached the final point, indicating the mission was complete, and his return home had come, Raden’s heart felt at ease because he knew he had kept his promise to Kimi once again.
He had told Kimi last night that he would be going on another mission. He left out the details and told her he would return as soon as possible. She never asked why or pestered him about more information. She was so mature in that way. She simply gave him a big hug, told him to become a hero, and to come back home safely, where she and Lulu would have a big bowl of hot porridge with pickled vegetables waiting for him. He held her tightly before leaving her and Lulu with their neighbor, Mrs. Keo.
On this morning, he found his favorite tree; a large white oak that sat between the crevices of three large boulders whose natural formation led people to dub it the Great Trident. He sat on the branch, back leaning against the trunk, comforting him like an old broken-in chair, right leg extended out while his left arm rested upon his left knee. He reached for his silver necklace, holding the sun-shaped medallion between his fingers. Raden stroked the pendant softly, feeling every detail of the engraved image of a sunflower on the backside. As he visualized the mission, Raden cracked his knuckles, wrist, neck, and back. A bad habit he had developed when he was a child, perhaps the sensation of cracking equated to a release, or an escape from his difficult childhood, he wondered.
The sound of the flowing river brought back a flood of memories. He remembered struggling to hold Kimi afloat while the rushing water carried them downstream like a paper boat. He tried grabbing a hold of oncoming branches that jutted out into the river, but his every attempt ended with an empty handful of doubt. Doubt that he could make it to the next village alive. He resolved that if only one of them were to survive, he would do everything within his power to make sure it was Kimi. She was still too innocent to be tainted by the hardships and horrors of war. She was the one that deserved to live. At his lowest point, when his body seemed to fail him, his head bobbing between gulps of water and gasps of air, Raden suddenly felt the rush of the water pushing him downstream at a rapid pace. The water carried the two of them swiftly down the River Fate, somehow expertly navigating the winding turns, and delivering them at the foot of the next village. Was it pure coincidence that they had made it to their destination, or something more profound? Raden still struggled with the answer to that question.
The memory faded and Raden watched the morning mist softly rise off the earth and evaporate into nothing, visually bringing into focus the beautiful snow-capped peaks of Mount Iwai in the far distance. The sounds of the streaming river nearby, the rustling of leaves, and the morning call of hidden animals made this hour Raden’s favorite time of day, a calm before the storm that a new day always brought with it. But this morning felt different. Perhaps it was the strange sensation that his future mornings were not going to bring him such peace anymore.
Kara arrived exactly at 0600, punctual to a Tee; Raden knew she’d be ready to go. He had known her since she they were children, befriending her while in elementary school. Unfairly ostracized by the other students simply for her unique appearance, Raden was the one person to offer her any kind of friendship, himself shunned by his classmates for his odd behavior. Other students had nicknamed him Ghostface because he was always staring blankly at a tree or rock. Little did they understand the confusion that he was going through, and over time he began to care less about their opinions. 
In Kara, though, he found someone whom he could empathize with. That friendship had blossomed into something more over the years, and now here she was, all grown up. A beautiful young woman who could make heads turn everywhere she went. Shoulder length blonde hair matched by her unique golden eyes. Her soft and delicate features beautifully proportioned. Kara was never one to seek the attention of boys, or participate in frivolous relationships; she was much too focused on her career in the military. But there was one person who did manage to make his way into her heart.
Raden glanced at the sunflower image on his necklace before locking eyes with Kara. She stared back intently, communicating a world of emotions without uttering a single word. The moment was quickly ruined, though, by the arrival of the other members of their group.
“You’re late, Kara.”
Kara didn’t even bother reacting to Gama. Gama on the other hand loved to poke fun at her expense. He laughed his high-pitched giggle and dropped his gear onto the ground with a thud.
“Where’s your mutt?” asked Kara.
“She saw a squirrel and decided to chase it. Something about small furry animals wanting to chase smaller furry animals always fascinated me. She’ll be here soon.”
At that moment, Oli came running through the bushes at the bottom of the Great Trident. A tiny dog, Oli weighed no more than seven pounds. Black fur with a white face and undercoat, the sight of Oli always made Raden laugh. Big Gama and his tiny companion were the least threatening sight in all of the Renzai Empire.
“So what’s the plan, boss?” asked Gama while chewing on half a rice cake.
“Once we reach the outer gates beyond Tayo, we’ll head towards Muye and find out if any of the villagers there have heard anything.”
It took less time than Raden initially thought it would to reach the outer limits of the Renzai territories. They rode their horses silently for the first few hours. The members of this secret mission, lost in thought about the possibility of a true life Candidate. It was Kara who finally broke the silence.
“So what if we find this Candidate? Do we save it if it’s real? Should we eliminate it then and there, if it’s false?”
“No. Those aren’t our orders, and besides, if we find it, the three of us wouldn’t stand a chance anyways,” replied Raden.
Gama snorted. “I wonder if it’ll be anything like the myths we learned as kids. You know, unparalleled power that could destroy armies in one fell swoop. Bringing an end to the war, and really uniting all of Eos into one.”
“Only an idiot would believe in such fairy tales,” retorted Kara.
Oli growled at Kara, gnarling her teeth.
“Idiot dogs, too.”
“Just think about it, no more war. What would everyone do if we didn’t have to fight anymore? I know what I’d do for sure,” continued Gama.
“Marry the girl in the kitchen, have six kids, and open the best noodle house in all of the empire? Sound about right?” asked Raden.
“You know me too well my friend— too well indeed.”
“If the Vicedonians have a Candidate in their power, then we might not be alive to see what your peaceful world looks like, Gama,” spoke Kara bluntly. “There’s no doubt they’d use that power to wipe us out. We have been bitter enemies since the First Great War, or have you forgotten?”
“Yeah, I know, Kara. I’m just saying hypothetically,” replied Gama.
“Well, don’t.” Kara glared at Gama.
Gama threw up his hands in feigned surrender, “Fine… no more hypotheticals.”
Raden laughed softly, while Gama found a new topic to discuss.
“Hey, Rad, there was something I was wondering: Did the Prophet ever say why he chose you specifically? I mean, no offense, but why not Major Brok or Captain Symin, or even one of the generals for this mission?”
“Gama, you’re such an idiot!” retorted Kara angrily.
“It’s okay, Kara.” Raden thought about telling them about the visions. About how his ability to see strange, glowing patterns would help them track down the Candidate. It still sounded strange to him, so he decided against it for now. “ The Prophet said he had a vision of me… a vision of me going on this mission. That was it.” Raden looked out towards his left, unable to look his companions in their faces.
“Wow, when is the Prophet going to have a vision of me? It’ll probably be of me destroying some Vicedonian army, or something awesome like that.”
“You’re so full of yourself, Gama,” said Kara.
“Don’t be jealous of me, Kara,” answered Gama sarcastically.
She glared at him, and that seemed to put a period on the conversation.
It took another forty minutes before they reached Muye, a small little fishing village that made its sustenance off the nearby river. Muye only had about fifty or so residents, mostly simple-life families who had miraculously managed to find an escape from the fighting that surrounded them.
A small feeling of envy crept into Raden’s thoughts as he watched them go about their business. A simple and peaceful life for my family, just like before, he thought. But then his attention turned back to the mission, and he knew that if the Candidate existed, this small peaceful village could become collateral damage.
They slowly approached an older man pulling in the daily catch with his young son. The small child pulled with all his might until his small fingers slipped from the net and he found himself sitting deep in the mud. The father laughed at his son’s folly, but his moment of joy turned serious as he caught the group making their approach.
“Excuse me, sir, we are from the Renzai Empire, and are seeking news of any strange occurrences regarding the Vicedonians. Do you know of anything?” asked Raden.
“Strange occurrences? What would you mean by that?” he replied.
“Anything and everything… has something particular caught your eye?”
The man mulled over it a moment, appearing to genuinely consider the question, or perhaps feigning thought so the group would quickly move on.
“The dogs, Dad,” the child uttered softly while tugging on his father’s pants.
“Oh, right son… the only thing that seems strange of late is that some of the village dogs haven’t been around lately. They usually hang about the village begging for scraps, but the past few days nobody’s seen them.”
“That’s it?” interjected Kara indignantly.
“Yeah, can’t really think of anything else. Now, if you please, I’ve got work to do with my son here.”
The trio continued on into the village, trekking down the small dirt path that served as the main road. Not but a dozen houses made up the entirety of the community, and every direction they looked they could see suspicious eyes staring back at them from behind closed doors and shuttered windows.
“Welcoming group aren’t they?” Gama asked.
“We’re Renzai soldiers, of course they’d be suspicious of us here, Gama,” replied Raden.
Raden halted the group in the center of the village where a makeshift memorial to the One had been constructed, most likely used for village prayers and ceremonies. Raden took a deep breath, looked around at the villagers and spoke. “We are from the Renzai Empire, and are seeking any information regarding strange tidings about the Vicedonians. If anyone has seen or heard anything, come forward with your information!”
Silence.
“Anyone with information?”
Silence.
“Real subtle, Raden,” whispered Kara.
“What? I’m just trying to get some information?”
Kara shook her head disapprovingly. “This is a waste of time, Raden, let’s move on to the next village.”
“Give them a moment, they just need time to realize we won’t harm them,” Raden whispered back.
At that moment, a small child poked his head out the crack of a window and pointed west towards the river. “My doggy is gone, can you find him?” pleaded the child.
“Again with the dogs?” wondered Gama. “Maybe Oli can tell us something.” Gama pulled Oli out of the pouch that hung beside his horse and plopped her on the ground.
Immediately, Oli caught a scent, sniffing the ground while heading in the same direction that the child had pointed to. Before Gama knew it, Oli had bolted off into the high grass that bordered the village, the trio close behind her. They chased Oli for a brief period before they heard her barking loudly up ahead. They found her sitting by the remains of a fire—with a pile of bones in it, charred to a crisp.
Kara dismounted her horse, kneeled down to examine the bones, and knew sure enough where the village dogs had disappeared.
“This campfire is still fresh, and only ten minutes’ ride outside the village. Roaming marauders, I’d imagine. With some skills too, if they were able to catch all the dogs and cook them.”
The trio examined the ground for any clues. Nothing was out of the ordinary until Kara noticed something odd about the bones. The bottom tips of some of the ribs had been sliced off; only a few fully intact ribs remained. She grabbed a carcass and showed it to the other two.
“Guys, look at this.”
At that moment, both Raden and Gama knew who had been here, and immediately reached for their weapons. Oli jumped up into her pouch. Kara mounted up, and unsheathed her sword.
“It doesn’t make sense,” Raden said. “What are Gokstads doing all the way out here?”



Chapter 10



“Do we follow them, Rad?” asked Gama.
“I didn’t think we’d need to use our weapons on the first day of our mission, but we need to know why Gokstads are almost at the edge the River Fate. Which direction did they go, Gama?” asked Raden.
He could see the trail of footprints disappearing off into the tall grass bearing north. “That way, and it looks like about five different sets of footprints.”
Raden studied the prints. “Watch your backs. Let’s move.”
They followed the trail until it disappeared into the side of a small hill, surrounded by a thicket of white oaks. The remains of another fire were evident, but the prints seemed to stop altogether.
“I can’t find where they went from here,” said Gama. “Either they covered their tracks expertly, or they’re still—”
Whoosh! An axe came flying out of the bushes, aimed at Kara’s head. She managed to catch it out of the corner of her eye and blocked it out of the air with her sword. Another axe flew through the air and ricocheted off of Gama’s shield.
“They’re still here!” yelled Gama.
That’s when two Gokstads revealed themselves at the top of the hill, about fifteen feet above them; they leapt down and knocked Raden and Kara off of their horses. Armed with axes and shields with the Gokstad Valknut emblazoned on it, they were gigantic men with the apparent strength to prove it. The one with the yellow ponytail swung his axe with such force that when Raden managed to deflect the blow he still backpedaled ten feet. This wasn’t a fight he could win based on pure strength alone. Panic began to settle in. How am I going to survive this battle? he thought.
The other giant had a massive orange beard pony-tailed at the bottom and wielded a large axe. He swung, left and right, raining blows down upon Kara from every direction in a blitzkrieg of bloodlust. Kara knew her quickness was her salvation and had deftly dodged every blow thus far. But how long could she keep it up?
Gama found himself squaring off against two Gokstads, smaller than the other two behemoths, but he was still at a distinct disadvantage. He was still mounted on his horse when he charged directly into one, knocking the Gokstad to the ground while Gama swung his broadsword into the other, cracking the enemy’s helmet in two.
That’s when the third Gokstad leaped out of a nearby tree, catching Gama from behind. With his axe wrapped around Gama’s neck, he pressed the shaft tightly against Gama’s throat, choking the life out of him. This one was strong, and Gama couldn’t do anything offensive while the enemy was behind him. He was running out of air when he shifted his weight, and threw himself off his mount, sending both of them crashing hard into the ground with a loud thud.
The fall had succeeded, and Gama inhaled a fresh breath of sweet-tasting life. It was short lived though, as the other two Gokstads had regained their faculties and charged. They piled atop of him, raining punches and kicks into every part of his body. The world went black for a second, blows to his face and body kept knocking the wind out of him, but finally he managed to call out for help. “Ripper!”
The two smaller Gokstads instantly disappeared into a heap of flesh and guts. The remaining one, who had managed to choke Gama before, didn’t last much longer. His body bifurcated so quickly that he didn’t even manage to let out a scream.
“Thanks, Oli, I would’ve been dead without you.” He patted her on the head. “Good girl.”
Oli stood there, transformed at a moments notice from a seven-pound pup to a three hundred pound beast. Razor-sharp teeth and claws, her body scarred from previous battles, Oli was a changeling. One of a few remaining changelings in the empire, and evidence that the One’s magic still remained strong in the world.
Kara was beginning to see a pattern in her Gokstad opponent. He was strong, but he had no technique, just mindless rage and barbarism. He attacked in threes, right, left, and downward swings. As the battle progressed and his frustration grew, the interval between each swing had grown as well, most significantly after the final downwards attack. This was the moment Kara knew she needed to attack.
The Gokstad was breathing heavily from his onslaught, but before he could take a respite, Kara kicked a rock that bounced off his forehead, enraging him so predictably into another attack. Here he came, a swing to the right… she ducked; a swing to the left… she rolled; and finally the downward swing. As he brought down his axe, she rolled in between his legs, cutting out his right calf. The Gokstad instantly collapsed onto his right knee. Before he could turn around to find her, Kara was already on his back, sword halfway driven into the back of his skull. He shuddered as the cold steel melted through his flesh, moment by moment, inching closer to the ground. By the time her sword had made it out his mouth, the Gokstad was already dead.
Raden struggled to control his nerves. He had some experience on the battlefield, but never against such a large opponent. He forced himself to focus. He needed to figure out a strategy to defeat this enemy, or the mission was doomed. Raden wasn’t as evasive as Kara was, and knew he couldn’t use the same strategy that she did. He blocked his attacks with his shield and sword, but was constantly on the defensive. If he was going to end this battle, he needed to strike, and do it soon before he exhausted himself. He quickly glanced at his surroundings. Behind him, he noticed the large tree that one of Gama’s enemies had emerged from and backed his way towards it, allowing the enemy to pursue. He needed to time it just right. He watched the enemy’s axe slash before him, every swing seeming to move in slow motion as he analyzed it. When his back bumped into the tree, he knew it was time. The Gokstad swung again, hoping to knock Raden’s head off in one blow. Raden anticipated this and raised his shield, not to block the attack, but rather to redirect his enemy’s momentum into the tree. The axe lodged itself into the trunk so deep that the Gokstad was startled by the stillness of the moment. He looked down at Raden, and could only watch as Raden drove his sword into his stomach. The Gokstad collapsed onto his knees, hands splayed out to each side, head downcast, in a position of utter defeat.
A strike to the stomach was deadly, but not immediate. Raden knew he needed to keep his opponent alive long enough to question him. Gama, Oli, and Kara regrouped around Raden.
“Are you guys alright?” Raden stretched his shoulders out, trying to decrease the tension within them.
“Yeah, I’m good. I got two of them, but the third one sucker punched me. Bunch of cowards I say. Oli here took care of the rest for me.” Oli shifted back into her smaller form, before jumping up into Gama’s arms.
“And you, Kara?” Raden stared at her, examining every inch of her face and body, checking for the slightest of injuries.
“I’m fine.”
“You’re bleeding.” Raden reached out his hand, caressing her blonde locks out of the way. He wiped away the blood on her forehead, revealing a small cut. Kara reached up, placing her fingers atop Raden’s.
“It must’ve been from the axe they threw. I thought I blocked it, but it must’ve ricocheted.”
“Let’s wrap it up before it—”
“I’m fine, Raden, really… I am.” She smiled briefly, putting Raden’s mind at ease. He nodded in agreement before returning to the injured Gokstad.
Raden took a deep breath, reinvigorating himself for the task at hand.
“Why are you out here, so far from the Vicedonian territories? The Vicedonians position their Gokstad colonies on the perimeter of their encampments. We know this as fact.”
In between each dying breath, the Gokstad responded in Nordic, laughing and smiling to himself all the while.
“I think he’s saying his final prayers, Raden,” suggested Kara.
I don’t have time for this, thought Raden, his emotions running high. “Why are you out here! Or I’ll end your life before you can finish your prayers to your God!” Raden shouted as he pointed his sword at the Gokstad’s neck.
The Gokstad coughed up blood as he stared deep into Raden’s eyes.  “We… run… from… Vice… donians…”
“Your allies? Why would you run from them?” Raden demanded.
“From…” the Gokstad began a coughing fit, choking on his own blood, signaling his end was near.
“From what? From what?” Raden insisted.
“From… Candi… date.” The Gokstad uttered his final words before slipping into the next world.



Chapter 11



It’d been three days since Aric left the safety of his castle walls. The journey beyond the outer edges of Vicedonia had been fairly uneventful, much to Aric’s dismay.
“Captain Izik, how much further is it till General Arges’ encampment?” asked Aric impatiently.
“Another two days ride my lord, just beneath the foothills of the Dark Forest.”
“Two days too long in my estimation. We need to move faster.”
“Yes, my lord.”
Aric had set out from Vicedonia with only his personal Royal Guard, in order to minimize any suspicion of his intentions. He even told the gate guards that he was going hunting to celebrate his upcoming eighteenth birthday, and would be back shortly. That was three days ago, and suspicion should be growing by now. It didn’t faze him though; soon, Aric would have General Arges and the Third Unit at his disposal, and would be marching towards the battle at Lake Raphia. The wheels were already in motion, and there was no denying Aric the glory he so longed for.
“Captain Izik, are you a religious man?”
“Yes, I pray to the Creator and His family nightly, my lord.”
“And what is it you pray for?”
“For the safety of my own family, and for the glory of Vicedonia.”
“And do they answer you?”
“Not immediately, my lord. But when I look back upon my life, I can see their hands moving in it. Revealing to me things that I would never have known before.”
“You believe what you have in life is a gift from the gods?”
“Yes.”
“Then you truly are as simple-minded as I thought you to be.”
Captain Izik remained silent, unsure how to respond.
“You see, Captain. I also believe in the gods, but I believe that they have chosen me for a higher purpose—to be the savior of this war. I believe I am destined for greatness, and that in this moment here and now, is where my name will become a part of history forever. My name will live on as stories are told from generation to generation of my great achievements. Mothers will sing lullabies of my heroic deeds to their babies. Fathers will want their sons to grow up to be like me. My name will live forever; I will never be forgotten. You, Captain Izik, your name will die with you in the grave, and you will cease to exist because nobody will know who you are. To be forgotten is to never have existed. Remember that.”
“Much like the king and Prince Xander… my lord.”
At the mention of their names, Aric’s blood began to rise. He was angry, not because of the captain’s subtle jab, but because what he had said was true. King Maximus Agiad II and Prince Xander Agiad would be heralded in the annals of Vicedonian history for ages to come. They had already performed deeds beyond greatness, and had always had the love of the people. Aric’s name was only mentioned on the lips of the people as the punch line for a joke or a synonym for spoiled children. They wouldn’t dare say it to him directly, but his ears were more attentive than people believed. But that would change quickly with his forthcoming victory. He collected himself before answering.
“Yes, exactly like my father and brother. My father was a hero of the Second Great War, during a time in our history when we expanded our kingdom beyond the Great Sea, and colonized the kingdoms of the Gokstads and the Pilgrims of Fate. He led the charge at the front of the vanguard, and cut down the Great Gokstad Lord Harald with his mighty battleaxe. He had only been king a few years after the death of my grandfather, King Agiad I, but he showed his people why he was fit to wear the crown. Many believed that victory to be glorious in and of itself, but men of greatness do not settle, so he looked south to where the Pilgrims of Fate ruled, and continued his assault. King Lionheart proved a worthy adversary, wounding my father with a vicious scar across his face, but it was not enough to stop him. My father, King Maximus Agiad II conquered lands beyond the Great Sea because he wanted to.”
Aric’s face and voice reverberated with praise as he spoke about his father’s accomplishments. But the mood quickly changed as his thoughts turned to the present.
“But my father has grown old, and heeds the council of those who have become afraid. I will bring him a victory that even Xander cannot deliver. And I will show him that I am indeed of his holy blood. Xander’s name will soon live in the shadow of mine, I swear it.”
Aric’s small contingent of twenty Royal Guards continued their march towards the Third Unit encampment. Moving beyond the Hydas River and into the Disputed Lands, Aric could feel the energy in him rising. To actually be beyond the walls and into the battlefield invigorated him in a way he never thought possible. You will see how much of a coward I am, Illiana. I relish the day of my triumphant return, to watch you bow down and call me your true prince.
They marched for another two days using the blackened tree line of the Dark Forest off in the distance as their guide. The Dark Forest was to be avoided at all costs; every soldier in all the kingdoms of Eos knew that. Something malevolent resided there. Some even claimed the Black had rooted itself in that place, whispering evils too sinister to speak of to passersby. People foolish enough to enter were never seen again. However, the foothills of the Dark Forest also served as the closest route to the heart of Vicedonia, and so General Arges and his Third Unit had been stationed there, in case the Renzai Empire decided to utilize the shortcut. Those were Xander’s orders. Xander knew that only the incredible strength of the Third Unit could withstand the evil of those torturous woods. Aric though, knew it to be a waste of time. To station the most decorated fighting force in the army to baby-sit the path of the Dark Forest was ridiculous. Aric knew General Arges was a man of honor, and if he were ordered to guard that site, then he would execute that order perfectly. But he also knew that General Arges was the youngest soldier ever to be commissioned of such a rank, and his youth and desire for battle could be used to persuade him into action. That, at least, was Aric’s hope.
As dusk fell, the tips of the blackened trees had gotten closer and loomed larger than before. Aric could see off in the distance the torches of the Third Unit, better known as the Krakens. He rode his horse to the cliff’s edge, overlooking the valley where the army was stationed. An incredible force, indeed, ten thousand soldiers strong, consisting of only the most hardened and battle-ready soldiers in the kingdom. Led by a general whose two falcata swords were famous throughout all of Eos. All of this was at Aric’s disposal.
A smile appeared on his face, grin piercing from cheek to cheek.
“Captain, let us go and collect my army.”



Chapter 12



The clattering of swords rang off in the cool night air. Sparks flew, filling the dark with flashes of light. Every swing was followed by a gush of wind, blowing Aric’s hair back.
“Skilled killers,” Aric spoke with glee. “Do you see that, Captain? That is why we will win this war. Because we have an army of killers.” Aric’s finger pointed at the soldiers in the pit below him.
The two soldiers were roughly the same size, muscularly built with extraordinarily large hands. Their torsos were bare, revealing numerous battle scars that pulsated with the red life blood of victories past. Tattoos of their namesake splayed out across their necks, tentacles reaching out in all directions. The soldiers battled back and forth, wielding crude swords, cracked and chipped, but still deadly when used by trained killers. Neither soldier seemed to be gaining any advantage. Two more attacks began and ended as quickly as they started, resulting in another stalemate. Both soldiers stood there, bodies inhaling as much oxygen as they could, breathing out cold mists that covered their faces in icy shrouds. Other soldiers watching the sparring session were enjoying the battle at hand.
A soldier with a brutish face called out, “Come on, Captain! We don’t have all night, ya know! I got fifty gold pieces on you!”
One of the large combatants stepped back and cracked his neck. “Enough play time.” He launched another attack, his opponent shot in for a double leg takedown, trying to take the battle to the ground. Instead of hitting the ground though, he found himself being lifted upside down into the air. Before he could react, his head and upper back had crashed into the hard packed dirt, knocking him completely unconscious.
“You owe me half of that gold, Thoros!” shouted the victor. The crowd of soldiers cheered loudly in response.
“A mighty show of strength and skills, Captain.” A voice called out from behind the crowd. Aric made his way to the front, led by a Kraken soldier.
“Captain, Prince Aric and his Royal Guards approached about ten minutes ago at our perimeter. He is here to see General Arges on special orders from the king. General Arges was not in his tent, so I brought him here to you.”
“You are Captain Titan. Your fame precedes you,” Aric said.
“As it should after all the people I’ve killed!” Titan bellowed. “What is the little prince doing all the way out here. Is it not your bed time?”
Titan’s sarcasm cut deep into Aric. “You do NOT speak in such a tone to your prince! Flog this man for insubordination, Captain Izik!”
The Royal Guards looked at Izik for orders. Hesitantly, he nodded them forward. They fanned out, encircling Captain Titan, lowering their spears in unison, and cutting off any attempt of escape.
“Captain Titan, please do not resist the prince’s orders. It will only make things worse for you.” Izik raised his shield and gripped his sword tightly.
Titan’s mood quickly changed. His boisterous laugh replaced with icy silence. His cold-blooded eyes glared at the Royal Guards surrounding him. He was unarmed, but that didn’t seem to bother him at all. He hunkered low, cracking the knuckles on his dirt-smeared hands. “Come… come flog me. I dare you.”
The Royal Guards stole quick glances at their captain. Izik began to inch closer, the rest of them following suit. A shuffling of noise could be heard from the observant crowd behind them. Kraken soldiers began arming themselves. The situation was quickly going from bad to worse.
“Hurry up and punish him, Captain Izik! Or I’ll have you punished next!” shouted Aric angrily.
Izik found himself in a no-win situation. Either he got injured battling Titan, or Prince Aric would have him flogged for disobedience. He muttered an inaudible curse underneath his breath, and drew closer to Titan. “Captain Titan, please cooper—”
“I said now!” screamed Aric as he kicked Izik in the back, sending him toppling forward towards Titan.
The Krakens reacted instantly. They began to encircle the Royal Guards, tightening around them in a suffocating embrace. The Royal Guards quickly shifted their attention at the new threat, focusing their spears at the massive soldiers before them. The Krakens inched closer, rage burning in their eyes. The Royal Guards shrank together, unable to disguise the look of fear on their faces.
Titan had grabbed a hold of Izik, lifting him into the air effortlessly. “You send this puny thing to punish me, Prince Aric! Why don’t you come flog me yourself, you coward?” Titan began to drive Izik into the ground when from behind the crowd a voice called out.
“Nobody will be flogging Titan tonight, Prince Aric.”
Aric turned to see the source of the comment. The crowd turned in suit. Titan stopped midway through his attack. General Arges sat upon his horse, his white hair glowing in the night, piercing blue eyes glaring back at him.
“Put Captain Izik back down, Titan. Is that any way to treat our guests?”
Titan dropped Izik to the ground like a sack of potatoes. Izik hit the dirt with a thud, collecting his breath before slowly rising to his feet.
“I wasn’t really going to hurt him, General Arges; just scaring him a little.” Titan patted Izik on the back humorously, although Izik didn’t find the situation the least bit amusing.
“Back to your duties, Krakens.” The crowd dispersed quickly, returning to their obligations. “My prince, what brings you out here to the battlefield?” Arges spoke softly, but his eyes never left the prince’s. The glare told Aric he needed to rein in his anger and quickly move on before further embarrassment.
Aric collected himself before speaking. “I have new orders for you, directly from the king.”
“Hmm… I am not aware of any new orders. My messengers have brought me no such news.”
“Then you need to punish your messengers for failing at their duties.”
Arges laughed at the notion. “I think not, my prince. I trust my messengers to perform their tasks, just like I trust every soldier in my regiment to do theirs. We are a family here, and we do not fail one another so easily.”
Aric was taken aback by Arge’s response, but even more so by his presence. General Arges had an aura about him, a powerful presence that didn’t match his youthful appearance, but could truly be felt. Aric felt it, and he could see that Arges’ soldiers also felt it the way they listened to his every word. But Aric knew he could not appear weak in this situation. This was his army, he believed, and he needed to show his strength.
“These orders are top secret, I am to tell you about them personally. Would you not consider that a great honor, General?”
Arges knew that Aric was a liar, and he did not fear Aric’s Royal Guards. The incident just moments ago had proved they were no threat. What did concern him, though, was Aric’s youthful temperament, and his reaction to being belittled in front of soldiers would inevitably lead to an unnecessary injury out here on the battlefield. That was a headache that Arges did not want to deal with. He looked Aric up and down, appearing pensive, but truthfully indignant at this unwanted supervisory role.
“Show me the orders in private; follow me to my quarters, Prince Aric.”
Titan stood in front of Aric, blocking his pathway and refusing to move. Aric squeezed by, awkwardly maneuvering past him as one would navigating a rocky cliff side.
“At ease, soldier,” mumbled Aric. Aric spoke with a muffled voice not normally present in his speech. Titan said nothing, but laughter seemed to dance in his eyes.
Arges led Aric down to his quarters, the Royal Guards trailing behind them. “You are a long way from headquarters, my prince.”
“Yes.” Aric responded uncharacteristically brief, too preoccupied by his sudden cowardice, and by the camp itself. Far from a makeshift encampment, the base was wondrously constructed. Wooden turrets bordered the perimeter, with another set of turrets encircling the center, like concentric circles with turrets evenly spaced out between them. The base sat upon a rectangular rampart, ten feet high with stakes protruding from each side. The center of the camp was the pit where Titan had been sparring. Arges’ quarters sat on the far eastern side of the base, appearing like any other barrack, a grey canvassed tent, indiscernible from the rest.
“Your tent is not worthy of your status, General.”
“And what kind of tent should I have, Prince Aric?”
“One twice as large, as spacious, a symbol of your rank and status. A tent befitting a general.”
“Which is also an easy target for enemies to locate. The sooner they kill me, the sooner my army is in disarray. You don’t ever want to make it that easy for your enemy.”
Aric had no comeback for that logic, so he remained silent until they entered the tent.
“So what are these orders you have?”
Captain Izik brought forth the parchment. Aric unrolled it and began to read.
“King Maximus Agiad II has ordered the Third Unit, under the command of General Arges, to aid General Steropes at the battle of Lake Raphia immediately. You are to escort Prince Aric to the battlefield and offer him any assistance he requires.” Aric finished reading the parchment, rolling it back up and tossing it into the hearth.
“Hmm… I have to say, a bit inconsistent with what I’ve been receiving from headquarters, lately. I was under the impression we had been at a standstill at Lake Raphia?”
“That’s exactly why you have been ordered to engage the enemy! To break the standstill and hasten our victory!” declared Aric.
Arges sensed the orders were fraudulent. But to what end was Aric lying, he could not discern. He knew the correct protocol here would be to send a messenger back to Vicedonia, notifying them of Prince Aric’s extracurricular activities. But, at the same time, he knew his army was growing weary from inaction, stationed at the foothills of the Dark Forest, to guard against an enemy that would never ever risk approaching through such an insidious area. It was truly a waste of time. But these were his orders. He had never disobeyed an order before, no matter how much he disagreed with it. Under normal circumstances, Arges wouldn’t even consider moving his army, but Lake Raphia was a different story. 
The city is one of three key strategic locations in the Disputed Lands. Aside from the seemingly endless supply of gold hidden in its caves, Lake Raphia is said to have belonged to the Ancients, a remnant of their once glorious civilization. Hidden deep within its caves is said to lay a treasure beyond imagination, a mystical source from which gold and other treasures abound. Arges realized, though, that this mysterious power could very well help hasten a victory for the Vicedonian Kingdom as well, finally helping to bring an end to the war. General Steropes was also in dire need of assistance and fresh troops. He considered his options for a moment, pensively rubbing his chin with his thumb and forefinger. Perhaps this was a gamble worth taking.
Aric fidgeted impatiently, the silence deafening as he awaited an answer.
“So when do you want us to march, Prince Aric?”
A smile cracked across his face. Overjoyed that Arges had not seen through his ruse, but more so thrilled by the fact that he believed he had outwitted someone of Arges’ caliber. “We leave immediately.”
“I assume you already have our path figured out?”
“Yes, we have no time to lose. Through the Dark Forest we march.”



Chapter 13



“Soldiers! Your wait is over. Prince Aric brings us great tidings today!” General Arges surveyed his army, every eye fixated on him, hanging to his every word.
“Today… we march for battle!” A roar waved through the crowd, crescendoing in swells of joy. “And we march immediately, prepare yourselves! For our mission is to aid General Steropes at Lake Raphia. News is that he and General Yagar are deeply entrenched in their battle, neither side giving an edge. They need an extra push and what better regiment to do it than the Krakens!”
“Krakens!” the crowd voiced back in response.
“Time is of the essence, so we are to march in the most direct path to Lake Raphia… through the Dark Forest itself.”
A hush came over the crowd. What emotion had taken their words so suddenly from them, wondered Aric. Had fear sucked the fight out of them? General Arges also seemed to sense it as well. He needed to respond quickly before the fear became contagious.
“Who is the most feared battalion in all of Vicedonia?” shouted Arges.
“Krakens!” the army replied.
“Who?”
“Krakens!”
“Who?”
“Krakens!”
“Yes, we are. If the Dark Forest brings us death, then we will smile back and tell him ‘not today, good friend.’” Arges pounded on his chest. The army responded in kind, and an undeniable energy reverberated through the group once again.
“We move!” ordered Arges.
The camp emptied quickly. Soldiers stood at the ready facing east into the foothills of the Dark Forest. Their efficiency was remarkable, a testament to the well-oiled machine of death they proclaimed to be. Arges stood at the vanguard with Aric beside him.
Arges bowed slightly. “At your command, your highness.”
Aric stared into the Dark Forest, trying to find some omen that would strengthen his resolve. But all he saw was black, darkness so deep that no trees, branches, or any other signs of life could be seen within. As if he was peering into the void of the world. It’s already too late to turn back now, he thought. 
“Let’s go,” Aric whispered.
As the army funneled through the forest, the twisted gnarled tree trunks seemed to warp into monstrous faces of hate and anger, staring back at them, warning them to turn away before it was too late. A faint wisp of grey would reflect here and there, slightly illuminating the path before them. As the darkness began to dissipate and their eyes adjusted to their new environment, the Dark Forest seemed to come alive, little by little. Plants somehow grew in this place of death, growing into oddly misshapen forms.
The history of the Dark Forest did not make the march any easier. It was once the battleground of one of the greatest battles in the history of Eos. During the First Great War, this site was where the decisive battle between King Vicedon and Emperor Renza had taken place. Never had the two kings met on the battlefield before. Their respective armies had battled their ways across the land, conquering other civilizations and expanding their powerful empires. It was only a matter of time before the two great armies collided, and it was here at the Dark Forest where it finally happened.
Amassed between the two armies were over six hundred thousand troops, ready to defend their kings to their dying breaths. There was no forest here before, just a plain, open field of grass. After the battle, all six hundred thousand troops had been killed, soaking the ground red with their blood. The two kings were the last two to remain. They battled for three consecutive days, their power and stamina well beyond those of regular men, which made them so well suited to be kings. But even so, they were still human, and after the third day, exhaustion set in. On the final day, Emperor Renza caught King Vicedon with a fatal blow, driving Lightstorm straight through his heart and burning him up from inside out. But it wasn’t a complete victory. So weakened by the battle was Emperor Renza, that he collapsed to the ground shortly after, never to awaken again.
It was believed that King Vicedon had wounded Emperor Renza with a poisonous sword beforehand, thus killing him ever so slowly during their epic battle. Regardless, where they died supposedly now stood the giant trees of sickness. The two kings’ bodies provided the seeds, while the blood of their murdered soldiers saturated the ground with hate and anger. The branches of these horrific trees grew out in the thousands, some would say six hundred thousand exactly, one for each soldier who died on this field. The branches were deformed and knotted, capturing the soldiers’ faces in their final moments. Their ghostly visages reached out, grabbing each other as if still trying to fight. The branches intricately crossed in overlapping patterns, creating a canopy above that blotted out the sunlight, rejecting life itself. Death had rooted here into a tapestry of pain.
They marched for what seemed like an eternity, but in reality only amounted to a day’s time. There were no open areas to camp for the night, so they continued on in search of one. The ground consisted of jagged rocks and blackened roots. Fog, mist, and a foul stench permeated the air, making it difficult to keep food down. By the third day, the army was nearly worn out, even the mighty strength of the Krakens succumbing to the darkness that weighed heavy in this forest.
Suddenly, they heard the sound of rushing water, perhaps a distant waterfall that brightened their waning hopes. The idea of fresh water pursed their lips with salivation. They followed the sound eagerly; it grew louder and more deafening as they approached, but still no waterfall was in sight.
“It should be here,” said Arges, as he covered his ears from the noise. It was as if he was standing beneath a waterfall, waves crashing down upon him. How could a simple sound have such power and weight to it?
“This way!” Aric shouted, pointing to his right just beyond some trees and bushes. Aric pushed his way through the heavy brush, groping in the darkness, but still making some headway. When he came out the other side, he knew what the source of the sound was. He had found the Memorial of the Great Kings. The rumors were true. The two massive trees stood rooted in the ground, right next to each other. The trunks were so massive, it would have taken twenty men to stand hands locked and completely surround just one of the trunks. The trees blossomed into the canopy above, branches writhing out in unnatural forms, faces appeared in the wood revealing varying expressions of agony, pain, and hopeless despair. Some branches appeared to be reliefs come to life, swords drawn and fists clenched, aimed at their enemies. The towering pillars of vengeance faced one another, their soldiers continuing to battle on in the afterlife. These trees indeed possessed the souls of the fallen.
The remainder of the Vicedonian army began to pour through the path Aric had created. As they filled in the open space, the realization of where they were slowly settled in. The noise was gone, too, as if it was meant to keep intruders out of this gravesite.
“We should not be here!” cried out Captain Izik. “We have disturbed their resting place. We will all die here! We must leave!”
“Get a hold of yourself, Captain!” commanded Arges. “Once you allow the fear to root inside you, it will overcome you, and death will find you quickly. You must holdfast!”
“No, we need to turn back! We need to get out of here!” Captain Izik turned around, dashing into nearby bushes.
“Captain Titan! Secure that soldier!” shouted Arges.
Titan picked up a rock and threw it about twenty feet, slamming into the side of Izik’s helmet, sending him crashing into the ground, and knocking him unconscious.
“My soldiers can handle this graveyard of a forest, Aric. Your bodyguards are weak minded. You need to control them before their fear spreads like a disease. Once you let it in, it will infect quickly,” reiterated Arges.
Aric stared at his unconscious captain lying on the ground. His heart began to beat faster, fear was beginning to take root, but he knew he could not let on.
“Do not worry about my men, I will handle them,” he said.
They slung the unconscious captain over the horse of a soldier in the rear of the army. Keeping him out of sight of the rest of the army would hopefully make them forget about him. And if he should continue to lose his faculties, they could abandon him and sacrifice his body to the Dark Forest. Perhaps, it’d appease spirits of the Black that were rumored to reside here.
“We cannot move any further,” Titan said. “We need to rest, General.”
General Arges did not like the suggestion, and of all the places to find an open space, it had to be here at the Memorial of the Great Kings. But if they continued at their pace, worse things could befall them.
Arges nodded in agreement. “We rest now, prepare to camp here.” He stared at the two trees, and the armies of the dead seemed to dance with joy.



Chapter 14



“Let’s split up,” said Raden. “We’ll cover more ground that way.”
“Oli and I’ll take the fish markets,” replied Gama.
Kara stretched her back. “Alright, I’ll take the religious district.”
Raden nodded in agreement. “That leaves the restaurant sector and the residential districts. I’ll start at the Briny Seahag, it’s the most popular destination in Pyteria City. Let’s meet at noon, that’ll give us about three hours to search. We’ll meet up at the city center. Keep a low profile, we don’t want to bring any undue attention to ourselves.” Raden stared at Gama pointedly.
“What? I promise, Oli and I will keep it cool. Right, Oli?”
Oli looked up at Gama, and cocked her head to the side questioningly, as if she didn’t believe Gama either.
“If anything happens, rendezvous at the city center.” Raden put on his hood, hiding his face in shadow. “Let’s go.”
As Raden headed towards the Briny Seahag, he took in as much of his surroundings as he could. Most of what he saw was relatively harmless, people purchasing groceries, having streetside conversations, and generally going on about their normal business. He was walking in the shade of the buildings to keep as inconspicuous as possible when he accidentally bumped into an elderly couple, causing them to drop their belongings.
“My apologies,” Raden said as he bent down to pick up the fresh fruit.
“That’s quite alright, dear. No harm done,” answered the elderly woman cheerfully.
The elderly couple looked so familiar. Raden’s mind flashed back to the days after his escape from Carhay. Lulu had discovered him and Kimi washed up on the shore and had successfully guided them to the nearby village. Raden could barely walk at that point, his legs felt like rubber, and Kimi suddenly weighed him down like a ton of bricks. Slowly, they meandered into the middle of the village when Raden’s legs finally gave out. He collapsed to the ground, Kimi began to cry, and Lulu barked loudly for help. Soon, a handful of villagers came to their aid. Raden remembered being carried off by an elderly couple, their faces cast in shadow by the sun. He couldn’t hear what they were saying either, his hearing muffled, as if he was still trapped underwater by the rapid current of the river. But the warmth of their bodies made him feel as if everything was going to be all right.
“Thanks, son, for picking up our stuff. We’ll be on our way now.” Raden’s mind flashed back to the present.
“Oh, I’m sorry… here you go.” Raden handed the fruit back, and continued on his way to the Briny Seahag. I need to focus on the mission. Get a grip, Raden.
After their encounter with the Gokstads, the group headed west, backtracking the Gokstads’ journey. They followed their trail, and remnants of their campfires. Along the way, they had spoken to a number of people who had seen the Gokstads, as well as other groups of Vicedonian colonist armies moving through the Disputed Lands. The people did their best to stay out of the way of these roaming armies of now-mercenaries, but could still hear the chatter amongst them. Something strange was driving them away from the Vicedonian territories, and the word constantly on their lips was “Candidate.” They spoke their own native languages but “Candidate” popped up time and again. Villagers pointed west to the city of Pyteria as the best source for news. It was there that many of these roaming armies must’ve stopped for food and shelter. And on that suggestion the group now found themselves here.
Pyteria City was a decent sized city of about a hundred thousand people, broken into four districts. There was the fish market that sat upon the riverbanks where all trade occurred. Restaurant Alley was where the eateries, bars, and the unsavory characters that occupy every city dwelled. The religious district was where the city’s temples sat, varying in size and religious sect. Each of the various religions further divided themselves into smaller regions here. You would think a district devoted to prayer and refuge would be peaceful, but most of the violence that occurred in Pyteria City happened here. The last district was the residence quarters. Small, mud-built adobe homes sat upon rows and rows of neighborhoods, some smaller, some larger, but none out of the ordinary. It was high above the hills where the rich and distinguished residents stayed. Separated from the commoners, they observed the hustle and bustle of the city, perched high above with watchful eyes.
Gama entered the fish market, unsure of where to begin. He looked left and right, watching the traders yelling at each other, waving hands clenched with money and goods, signaling and bargaining for the best price. He saw fisherman pulling out the daily catch, the smell of salt pungent in the air. People busily rushed by him, bumping him this way and that, no small feat given Gama normally outweighed the average man by a hundred pounds.
“Where do we begin, Oli?”
Oli barked at a merchant sitting by the riverbed. His small fruit stand was pitiful. A handful of bananas, bruised and close to rotten, were the only items he had for sale. He seemed rather apathetic, too, not even attempting to grab people’s attention, just sitting there, head in his hands as if he had given up on life.
“Alright, Oli, as good a start as any I suppose.” Gama made his way over to the vendor, avoiding the other traders who were actually trying to make a living.
“Excuse me, sir, I’d like to buy a banana.”
The vendor didn’t respond.
“Umm, excuse me, sir, but I’d like to buy a banana.”
The vendor slowly raised his head, just enough to reveal his bright green eyes. “Well, you’re a fat one, I suppose even rotten bananas will do for you, huh hippo?”
Gama was taken back by the vendor’s insult. “Well, at least I’m not looking as pitiful as you, sitting here without any money, and with rotten fruit!” Gama retorted, incredulous at the sudden tone of this conversation.
“Well, you’re buying one aren’t you, hippo?”
Oli growled at the vendor. “Does your pint sized mutt want some fruit, too? I’m surprised you haven’t eaten him yet, hippo.”
“That’s it, let’s go, Oli. Let’s find someone else to talk to.”
As Gama walked away, the vendor called back. “Why are you here, soldier? Is it to find out about some rumors?”
Gama stopped in his tracks. How did he recognize him as a soldier, and more importantly, what information did he know?
“How’d you know that I was a soldier? I bear no weapons. Plus, my uniform is concealed underneath my robe.”
“So you are wearing a uniform, it’s just hidden?”
Gama buried his face in his left hand ashamedly. Good one Gama, so much for keeping a low profile.
The green-eyed merchant laughed derisively. “It’s okay, hippos aren’t the smartest animals out there.”
Gama was about to verbally unload on the old man, when the merchant interrupted.
“But as for bearing no weapons, that is a lie. The hilt of your short dagger is poking out of your left boot. Your sword is well hidden behind your back, covered by your hooded robe, but the sound of a hilt clattering against armor is one I know very well.”
“And how is it that you know the sound?”
“Because I once was part of the royal empire’s army, soldier.” And with that, the vendor crossed his arms across his chest, giving Gama the Renzai salute.
“A deserter? I should take you in.”
“You needn’t do that, the empire could care less about an old wrinkled up soldier like me. Besides, I think you have more pressing matters to attend to, don’t you?”
Gama scrutinized the old soldier thoroughly, his white beard and tufts of white hair under his hat revealing his old age. If he was a deserter, he must’ve run away many moons ago, but more importantly, he had information.
“Yes, I encountered a group of Gokstad colonists running eastward. They seemed to have been running from something. Rumors are swirling in these parts that the Vicedonians have claimed a Candidate. Do you know anything about this?”
The vendor laughed out loud, a deep, hearty laugh before he started choking on his own spit. When he recovered, he began. “Yes, many Gokstads and other colonists have been coming through Pyteria City lately, all telling the same story about a man who was touched by God.”
“Touched by God? What do you mean?”
“Do you not know your history, boy? Did you fail that class in elementary school, hippo?”
Gama wasn’t a fan of history, so the vendor’s comments hit home. “Just tell me, old man.”
“Kids these days,” muttered the elderly man. “When a Candidate comes to power, he will be touched, somehow marked by God, the Creator, the One, or whatever you choose to call it.”
“Do you know where this man is? How can I find him?”
“Where he is? Hmm, now, that’s an interesting question.”
“Where? Tell me, grandpa!” demanded Gama.
“For the right price I will tell you. Now how many bushels of rotten bananas would you like?”
Gama rolled his eyes as he reached for his gold.



Chapter 15



Ten minutes to noon. Kara was the first one back to the rendezvous point in the city center.
“Any luck?” A voice spoke to her from behind the fountain where she was sitting.
“A little bit of everything, and a whole lot of nothing, Raden.”
Raden sat down next to her, drew his flask of water, and opened it. He offered it to Kara first. She took it from him and drank down a refreshing swig. The weather was sweltering, and the cold water cooled her throat immediately. “Thanks,” she said.
It wasn’t like Kara to thank people, especially other soldiers. She was raised the daughter of General Yagar, a living legend, a hero of the Great Second War. His only child, she was determined from an early age to not disappoint her father. He never stated that he had hoped for a son, but she could tell he did. Rather than use it as fuel for self-pity, Kara determined she was going to outdo any other soldier in her class. She wanted to join General Sako as only the second female general ever in the empire. She received top marks in all her classes at the academy. After entrance into the military, she rose quickly through the ranks of the Lion Tribe’s intelligence division, outperforming many of her male counterparts. Becoming general was something she was well on the path to accomplishing. Perhaps someday, she would continue her father’s legacy as a great leader for the Renzai people.
Raden was only a couple years older than her. He had befriended her while in elementary school, offering her kindness while the other students spurned her for her unique appearance. She gravitated towards him instantly, subconsciously feeling a connection with another shunned soul. As their friendship grew through the years, her feelings for him grew as well. Physically they had both matured into attractive individuals, but it wasn’t pure looks alone. She saw something deeper in Raden. His devotion to the empire was admirable, similar to hers. More so, though, it was the way Raden cared for his little sister Kimi, reminding her so much of how her father, General Yagar had always taken care of her. Raden was different than other guys, and for that reason he held a special place in her heart.
“So what did you find out in the religious district?” asked Raden.
“Aside from trying to be convinced of the veracity of each religious sect, I heard there were groups of Gokstads, Pilgrims of Fate, and other Vicedonian colonist armies making their way through the town; none of them staying for long though, a couple nights here and there before they continued eastwards.”
“No rumors about a Candidate?” asked Raden.
“Every time I brought up the word Candidate, all I got was a history lesson about how he’d come to save the world, and that I needed to pray right away.”
Raden smirked. “Well I didn’t get much either. Restaurant Alley is filled with nothing but degenerates and thieves. I lost count of how many times drunkards tried to steal my gold. Drunken ramblings ranged from the end of the world to who dropped the longer turd.”
Kara raised her eyebrow. “Longer turd?”
“I can’t even make this stuff up.” They both chuckled at the notion. “Maybe this town is a dead end,” mused Raden.
“I wouldn’t say that.”
They both turned around to see Gama walking towards them with two giant bags of what appeared to be blackened bananas.
“Why the hell do you have rotten bananas, Gama?” asked Kara indignantly. “You were supposed to find information, not go on a grocery run.”
“It’s a long story, but anyways, I got a lead.” Kara and Raden’s ears perked up.
“What did you find out, Gama?” asked Raden.
“There’s a guy, here in town, who supposedly was touched by God. At least that’s what a lot of people are saying.”
“You mean he is marked by the One?” asked Kara
“Yea, yea… you don’t have to rub it in,” retorted Gama.
“Rub what in, I didn’t say anything rude?” asked Kara defensively.
“Oh nothing, never mind.”
“So where do we find this guy, Gama?” asked Raden.
“He moves around from district to district, covered in rags, avoiding people and scavenging for food. He was last seen in Restaurant Alley, sleeping behind a bar called the Crazy Hookfish.”
Raden rose to his feet. “Let’s go then.”
“I just got here, Rad, carrying these two big bags of bananas, too.”
“They’re rotten bananas, why did you carry them in the first place?” asked Kara.
Gama stood there, staring at his bushels of blackened fruit. Why did I carry them all the way back?
“Good point.” He tossed them at some stray dogs sitting beneath the shade of the fountain, where they, too, refused his kind gesture.
It was late afternoon when they found the Crazy Hookfish. A seedy establishment hidden off the main road in Restaurant Alley, its clientele consisted of cheap drunkards who routinely passed out in their seats. It was cramped inside. Only four wooden tables could fit, and a makeshift bar made of logs was attached to the wall. The floors and walls were filthy, blackened dirt smeared everywhere, appearing as if it hadn’t been cleaned in decades.
The group made their way towards the bar. The bartender had her back towards them, cleaning out cups with the dirtiest towel they’d ever seen.
Raden began. “Excuse me, but I’m looking for someone. A man. I was wondering if you’d seen him.”
“Lots of men come in here,” responded the bartender without turning around. Her voice was deep and gruff, throwing Raden a bit off. Lots of men come in here? I highly doubt that, thought Raden.
“What’s he look like?” asked the bartender.
“Well, he wears dirty rags, and supposedly… has been touched… by God.”
The bartender stopped cleaning her cups, putting them down upon the dust-covered bar. “Perhaps I have… perhaps I haven’t. I may know something about him, for the right price.”
“Is everyone in this town a crook?” Gama shouted.
“Easy, Gama.” Raden patted Gama on the shoulder, trying to calm him down.
“What’s the price?” he asked.
“How much gold pieces you got on ya?” The bartender finally turned around. She was the ugliest woman Gama had ever seen; he couldn’t even feign his reaction. Her eyes were too wide apart, nose too big with warts growing abound and hair prickling out. She only had three teeth remaining, yellow and stained, somehow managing to stay fixed in her mouth.
“Well, how much ya’ll got?” she continued.
“About twenty gold pieces.” Raden answered.
“Don’t know anyone like that, then.” The bartender turned around and went back to cleaning her cups.
Kara jumped over the bar, butterfly knife already out, and in a moments notice, she had the bartender by the neck. “We asked nicely and you answer us with disrespect!” Kara pushed the knife closer to the woman’s neck, pricking her slightly and causing the woman to shake nervously.
“I’ll ask again, where is he?”
“He’s in the fish market! I saw him there this morning, sleeping by the river! Please don’t hurt me!” cried the bartender.
Kara released her hold, twirling the butterfly knife closed in her fingers. “Thanks for the info. You guys ready to go?”
Gama and Raden stood there speechless. Not knowing what to say about what had just happened, the only thing to do was leave.
Raden tried. “Kara, maybe that wasn’t the most civil way to get an answer. Maybe we should’ve—”
“But it worked, and we don’t have any more time to lose.” She continued, “more importantly, are you guys ready to see a man touched by God, because he’s sleeping down by the river.”



Chapter 16



The fish market was teeming with pedestrians, vendors, and buyers. The sun had just set, and the fish market was preparing for its evening schedule. The morning period was dominated with the hustle and bustle of vendors restocking their supplies. The evening market was when the city truly came to life. Vendors adorned their booths with all arrays of fantastical colors and paraphernalia, anything that would attract buyers. The circus-like atmosphere was what Pyteria City was most renowned for. Streetside entertainers dotted the roads: from magicians to singers, acrobats to sword swallowers. Vendors sold all sorts of exotic and unknown trinkets: spices from the farthest reaches of Eos, strange animals from lands afar; if it was strange, then it could be bought at the night bazaar.
“We’ll never find him now,” said Gama with obvious disappointment. “There must be four times as many people here as there were this morning. The riverbed is packed with new shops and visitors. And to top it all off, everyone is wearing dirt stained rags, so we won’t know who the hell he is!”
“Just calm down, Gama,” Raden said reassuringly. “There’s more to finding a target than just the clothes they wear. Right, Kara?”
“Clothing means nothing. An enemy could easily change their clothing to throw off regular folk. But a true hunter knows what to look for. From mannerisms, their gait, facial expressions, how they behave to certain stimuli. A target that is deeply focused, be it from stress, or in this case, trying to avoid people at all cost, will not react as regular people do.”
“So what should we be looking for?” asked Gama.
“For someone trying to act like their invisible. Look at dark corners, alleyways, and shadowed crevices between booths.”
“Alright, Kara, why don’t you try to get to higher ground so you can get an overview of the place. Gama and I will start combing the shops. If you see anything out of the norm, direct us towards it.”
“Got it.” Kara spied a rooftop of a two-story hotel nearby. It overlooked the main road and gave a perfect vantage point of the marketplace.
Gama and Raden began working their way from vendor to vendor. Pretending to be interested in purchasing this and that, vendors shouted prices at them, trying to make a sale, but Gama and Raden would just grunt and nod their heads, eyes searching the dark spaces of every booth. They maneuvered down alleys, under cloth-covered awnings, and behind trashcans turning up nothing. A straggler here and there begged for change, and although they fit the description, there was no way their target would expose himself so openly.
Kara watched from above, trying to notice unusual behaviors. Everyone seemed to be acting normal. That is until she spotted him. A man huddled by the bread vendor. He had been sitting there for a while, leaning against a building, head hidden between his legs. Every now and then he would look up directly in the direction of the bread vendor. A street magician had taken up shop right in front of the booth, and a small crowd was beginning to form around him. At first, Kara thought the man was observing the street magician’s show. But when the magician leapt off his feet into a cartwheel, Kara noticed that his eyes didn’t move with the action. What was he staring at? Then it came to her. Of course! Why else would he be sitting by the bread vendor? If this man was homeless, he would be hungry. He must be waiting for the bread vendor to give him some leftovers. Perhaps that was his plan, but that wasn’t especially odd behavior, or was it? Kara whistled out to Raden and Gama who had made their way to the vendor three booths down from the street magician. They looked up to see her point towards the man.
Raden broke off from his discussion with his vendor. “Kara’s got a lead, let’s see if she’s right about this.”
“She’s got a nose about stuff like this,” Gama replied.
As the duo walked closer to the man sitting on the ground, they noticed that he hadn’t reacted at all to their approach. Maybe Kara was right. Maybe he was so focused on trying to avoid people that he actually couldn’t see what’s in front of him. They slowly moved closer a couple steps, still no reaction. A couple more steps… again, no reaction. They looked over to where he was staring, at the fresh bread on the counter. Maybe he was waiting for the right moment to steal the bread. A couple more steps they took, and they soon found themselves standing in front of him, cutting off his view of the bread.
“Excuse me, sir, but we have some questions we’d like to ask you, if you don’t mind?” asked Raden.
No response.
Gama started. “We know who you are. Give it up, we know you’ve been marked by God, and have information about the Vicedonian Candidate. Why don’t you just tell us what you know?”
No response again.
Raden knelt down to look the man directly in his face, and that’s when he realized that this was a dead end. The man’s eyes were completely white, the pupils washed away into pools of ivory. He was blind. He wasn’t staring at the bread, or at anything for that matter. When Raden looked down, he noticed the cup between his legs with some coins in it. The man was a blind beggar, and from the looks of him, he must be in his eighties. Perhaps his hearing had abandoned him, too.
“This isn’t him, Gama. We should move on, this is just an old beggar.”
As Gama and Raden walked away to continue their search, Kara watched diligently from above. She saw the two of them signaling back at her that he was a dead end. Motioning their hands across their throats. As they turned around, her eyes glanced past the bakers counter, but something was wrong. Where she had noticed the baker had put out five fresh rolls, only four remained. He had no customers a moment ago, she wondered. She surveyed the area around his booth, and that’s when she saw him. Moving down the alleyway, the man was heavily robed, unusually more so than the rest of the people. Kara whistled for her two companions. They turned around to see her signaling towards the nearby alley where the blind man was sitting.
The two of them raced down the alleyway. The narrow path was strewn with trash and debris; clothing hung across clotheslines obscuring their view. They stopped in their tracks, surveying their surroundings, when the sound of a bottle smashing came from their left. They ran through the hung clothing, and saw the fresh remains of a glass bottle. Liquid was still pouring out of it, leaving a trail behind. They followed it down the alley and behind a pile of trash.
Raden looked at Gama, eyes moving towards the pile of trash. He signaled for him to flank around the back while Raden approached from the front. The plan was to cut off any escape routes. They inched closer, making minimal sound. They were in position, ready to turn the corner and find their target. On three, Raden mouthed to Gama, his hand extending three fingers, as he began to count down. Three. Two. One. 
Raden turned the corner to instantly find a broken bottle flying towards him. He ducked to avoid it. The bottle flew past his face and disintegrated against the alley wall behind him.
“Grab him, Gama!” shouted Raden.
Gama gave chase, but the man moved quickly. He made his way towards the alley’s exit. Gama was closing in when the man kicked over a table with spare metal parts, sending them crashing into the ground, obscuring the pathway. “Crap!” Gama shouted.
Raden caught up to Gama. “Where’d he go?” Raden asked.
“He got away. I was so close to grabbing him, too,” Gama said as he breathed heavily.
Raden quickly searched every corner of the alley. His eyes shifted up and caught the man making his way up a ladder and onto the roof of the adjacent building.
“He’s up there!” Raden shouted.
The two of them had begun to frantically climb when they heard a scream. They looked up to see a body falling directly on top of them. Their bodies collided violently, sending them crashing into the ground. The three of them groaned loudly from the pain.
Kara effortlessly made her way down the ladder.
“Nice job, guys, or should I just pat myself on the back for this one?” Kara said.
“You don’t have to rub it in, ya know! I was so close to grabbing him,” Gama answered.
“Nevermind all that,” Raden interrupted. He got up and turned towards the man. He drew closer and grabbed the man by his shoulder, gripping his robe tightly.
“Leave me alone!” The man tried to escape, but in his panic, his worn out robes shredded easily off his body. He tripped over himself, and collapsed to the ground. He lay there, trying in vain to cover his bare torso with his emaciated arms.
“Please, don’t hurt me. I haven’t done anything to you,” the man begged.
Air seemed to escape each of them as they stared at his body.
“His skin…” whispered Kara.
“His whole body is…” Gama could barely get the words out. “He’s completely covered… in burns,” said Gama.
Raden took a step back.
Gama turned and noticed the pale look on his friend’s face. “Rad, you ok?”
Raden’s eyes were wide open, fixated on the poor man. What he saw before him contradicted what his companions were saying. Raden did not see burn marks. What he did see were strange glowing patterns covering the man’s entire body.



Chapter 17



Kara reached out for Raden’s hand. “What’s going on?” she asked.
Her touch broke him from his momentary shock. “I… I’m fine. Just as surprised as you guys.” He continued examining the patterns. “What… happened to you?” he asked.
The man began to sob. The pain was evident in his tears, and the memories too much for him to recount. The man dropped his head into his hands, sobbing uncontrollably.
“Pain! Searing, burning pain!” he cried out.
“Maybe he isn’t in any condition to talk about it now?” offered Gama.
“No, we need this information, and we need it now,” responded Kara.
“Kara’s right, Gama. We need him to talk.” And I need to know why he’s covered in those markings, thought Raden.
Raden didn’t like the notion of forcing this tortured soul to do their bidding, but he knew it had to be done. There were too many questions he needed answers to. He removed his own robe, knelt down and wrapped it around the man’s shivering body. He then reached into his bag for some food.
“We only need to know what happened to you. We’ll leave you in peace afterwards, I promise.” Raden handed him an apple. “Please, eat before you begin.”
The man snatched the apple out of Raden’s hand. He devoured it whole, consuming the stem and core as well. His sobbing began to dissipate; slowly he began to catch his breath until the tears had dried. He looked up at the strangers standing in front of him, and began his story.
“I was… part of a garrison of Pilgrims of Fate.” The man wiped his dirt-covered face with his forearm. “We were… assigned to the Kih Bayer district of the Vicedonian Kingdom. We were only assigned there for patrols… and security. The city, though, was relatively calm, no major instances of… rebellion or anything of the sort. We didn’t need many soldiers to watch over it. Until one day… we see a boy… coming down from the mountains. Walking real slow, kind of hobbling about, as if he was sleepwalking in a daze. The look on his face…” the man shook his head back and forth.
“He looked shocked. His eyes glued to the sky, mouth opened in awe. His hair disheveled and his clothes torn asunder. We recognized him as a local shepherd boy. No family in the city, really. Stayed at the local orphanage. People watched as he made his way through the center of town uttering the same words over and over again. ‘God is here… and death comes with him.’
Crowds began to form around him as he paraded around town. My garrison and I thought he was just a loony, but there was nothing else going on in town so we decided to investigate. I approached the boy, ordering him to halt, and he complied. I asked him what all of his ramblings were about, and said that he should quit it, because he was beginning to frighten the rest of the townsfolk. But nothing was getting through. He continued saying, ‘God is here… and death comes with him.’
When we had had enough of his nonsense, we took him in for questioning. And that’s when it started to get strange. We informed our captain of the situation, and he asked to see the child. He sat the boy down in a chair, still rambling the same line, ‘God is here…and death comes with him.’ The captain decided that more extreme measures needed to be taken. He grabbed the boy by the sides of his head, and shouted at him. ‘What happened to you, son?’ The boy’s eyes slowly rolled down and looked directly at the captain. ‘God is here… and death comes with him,’ he muttered again. That’s when the room began to shake. As if the earth had decided to rip itself apart. None of us could maintain our footing, and we collapsed to the ground, seeking the nearest shelter. Objects flew across the room. The bars of one of the cells ripped out of place, and pinned down some of my comrades. One by one, my garrison fell.
Next thing I knew, the back wall of the stone cells blew apart, burying a couple of us under a pile of rubble. I managed to find shelter beneath the bodies of some of my dead comrades. I watched as the boy grabbed the captain by his throat. The boy, not even ten years old by my estimation, lifted a grown man off his feet. ‘God is here… and death comes with him!’ he screamed again. The captain reached for his chest, clutching at his heart. He kicked furiously at the boy, trying to break free from his iron grasp, but it was for naught. The boy’s inhuman strength would not relent.
The boy stared at the captain, cocked his head to the side, and threw him across the room. The captain crashed into the stone wall, and slid to the ground. That’s when his heart exploded inside of him and a gush of blood escaped his mouth. By this time, I was the only one left alive in the room. My entire unit within the prison walls was dead. Twenty fully armed Pilgrims of Fate dead, by the hands of a small child. I thought if I continued to remain still and quiet, that the boy would think me dead, too. But he could still feel me. The dead bodies I was hiding under seemed to fly off of me one by one. As if they were nothing but rag dolls. He was staring right at me, looking into my soul. Making me ask the last questions of a dying man. I pleaded with him to let me live. Begged forgiveness for any wrongdoings I had ever committed. That I would make amends for them, if only for a second chance at life. The child placed his hand upon my forehead. ‘Speak to others of what you have witnessed today. Retribution has come.’ With that, I could feel his power emanating and pervading my body. It felt as if I was being burnt from the inside out. The pain was so excruciating that I passed out.
When I came to, the child was laying on the ground, right where he had once stood. I checked for any signs of life in him, but he was dead. Everyone in the room was dead, except me. I counted my blessings and thanked the Light for my second chance at life. I made my way outside to tell people of what I had witnessed, and that’s when the screams came. At first I did not understand why, but from their reactions, I knew something was wrong with me. I ran to the nearest fountain and stared at my reflection. I saw the burns on my face first. The skin peeled away. I raised my hands to touch my face, and noticed the backsides of my hands were also burned. I pulled off my armor and clothing, and finally saw the extent of which the boy had transformed me. I appeared as if I had been engulfed by fire, doused in the flames of the Light’s retribution.
I ran away from Kih Bayar and wandered the land, begging and scraping for food. Trying to conceal myself from everyone. I eventually made my way here to Pyteria City where I could blend in with the degenerates at Restaurant Alley. I seemed to be invisible, living a wretched life, but a life nonetheless. Perhaps this was my punishment for all that I had done wrong in my life, but I accepted it. That was until you three showed up and started asking for me. I tell you this, that child encountered God in the Voras Mountains, and God is angry… and death has come with him.”



Chapter 18



Kara began to reach for her butterfly knife. The man flinched, crawling away on his hands, as if Kara was the boy reincarnated and come back to finish what he had started.
Her hand glanced over the butterfly knife and dipped into her pack, pulling out another apple. “It’s okay, sir. This is for telling us your story.” She handed it to him gently.
“Oh… thanks,” the man whispered, as he took the apple from her. She noticed his hand shaking uncontrollably.
Raden had never seen someone so terrified before, like an abused animal that had been cornered by predators, on the verge of death. “What pain do you feel?” he asked the man.
The man looked down at his hands, slowly flipping them back and forth, staring at the tops and bottoms. The skin was cracked and abused, a physical manifestation of his tormented soul.
“At first, it felt like I was being burned alive. My whole body was in agony. The pain was so excruciating that it was the only thing I could focus upon, everything else didn’t matter. But then, the pain began to subside, and that’s when the headaches started. When I tried to sleep, I became trapped in an endless cycle of nightmares, but these weren’t just any nightmares. They were a collection of all the wrongs I had done in my life. I had to relive them night after night. The pit in my stomach, the lump in my throat, the guilt and shame in my heart.” The man grabbed for his temples as if the pain was coming back, stronger than ever.
“Soon, though, I no longer felt my skin aflame… that pain was gone. The new pain that replaced it made me feel as if I was losing my mind. My headaches were so torturous that I collapsed to the ground and writhed until the episode passed.”
“Do you still suffer from them?” asked Raden.
He hesitated a moment and then answered. “Yes, yes I do. But I have learned to live with the pain, my penance for a wicked life. The Light has marked me as unworthy, and I am never to forget his mercy when I stare at my own reflection.”
“How did you make it out of the city, and what has become of Kih Bayar?” asked Raden.
“I left as soon as possible, perhaps a day or two after the incident with the boy. We had noticed some citizens were leaving the city a couple days prior, too, but they were nomads going on the road to make some sales. We didn’t assume they were leaving for any other reason. After the incident, though, people started fleeing the city in droves. There were no more soldiers to check their destinations. And with…” The man paused for a moment, “God’s messenger of death, now in the city, what reason had they to stay?
“The city emptied quickly. Parents lying to their children, telling them the military was taking over. Religious zealots roamed the streets, crying of the end of the world. Whatever reason people could come up with they did—and fled. The city was a ghost town within days. It made it easy for me to escape when nobody was left to stare at my horrid transformation, I—”
Raden knelt down on one knee, so he was eye level with the man. Perhaps moving down to his level would put him a little more at ease. Kara and Gama followed suit. Oli jumped out of her pouch and sat beside the man, leaning on him as if they were old friends. All of this seemed to have the desired effect as the tormented soul let out a faint smile. He took a deep breath and continued.
“As I left the city, hiding in abandoned houses and thick brushes in the woods, I began to see Vicedonian colonists moving East. They predominately stuck to the main road, but their numbers seemed to swell with each day. Mostly Gokstads and Pilgrims of Fate, the ones that were stationed along the foothills of the Voras Mountains were who I noticed. These soldiers were terrified, at times turning on one another for food or supplies. What could have frightened hardened soldiers like them? Had they seen what I had seen? Had the same thing befallen them?
There was also a thundering noise that began to emanate from beyond the foothills, towards the west side of the mountain range. It sounded like thunder, but there was no rain, no lightning. I never found out what was the origin of that terrible noise, but to me it didn’t matter, a part of me already knew. What can frighten people and soldiers to the point of fleeing, I ask you? Only God can. His retribution has arrived.”
The three of them glanced at one another, understanding that this was more information than they had expected.
“Thank you for telling us of your perils, sir. Your information has been invaluable, and now we know where our next destination will be,” spoke Raden kindly.
The man looked at him doubtfully. “You don’t plan on heading towards Kih Bayar? You risk death by doing so.”
“You are correct, sir, we do risk death, but we need to find out what is happening over in the Vicedonian territories. Find out what has happened to you.”
“You risk too much. Go home while you still have your lives. Hide behind your walls, spend your time with those you love, the end is at hand, I can feel God’s presence in me… and He is angry.”
“We’ve come too far to turn back now. Be at peace, sir. We leave you now,” spoke Raden.
Oli barked happily, saying goodbye before jumping into Gama’s pouch. The trio turned and left the alleyway of the marketplace in Pyteria City. They made their way towards the western edge of the marketplace by the riverbed. Off in the distance they could see the lush covered tips of the Voras Mountains. They looked so peaceful, so serene and calming. That so much chaos could reside within those hills seemed almost blasphemous.
“That’s where we’re headed,” said Raden.
And off in the distance, the sound of thunder echoed furiously.



Chapter 19



Whispering in the dark. That’s the only thing he heard tonight. Constant whispering. In his left ear at one moment, and then in his right ear the next. Inside his head these whispers remained. They seemed to penetrate down deep into his bones, and perhaps even his soul.
Captain Izik had been tied to a tree in fear of what he might do. Prince Aric had ordered him secured, but everyone in the army knew that it was really General Arges’ command. At first the anger in Izik burned deep. Why were they punishing him for trying to save the lot of them? Was he the only sane soldier in the group who realized that delving deeper and deeper into the Dark Forest was pure insanity? His suggestion to turn back could be labeled as cowardice perhaps, but it was the right decision. He knew it, and tonight he knew why.
The darkness was enveloping, so dark and heavy that nothing could be seen a foot in front of him. That moment when his eyes would normally adapt to the darkness and shapes would begin to form never seemed to come. It was as if a shroud had covered him, and he was staring through a veil. He was seated on the ground, tied to the tree with only a single guard stationed about twenty feet from him. At least that was the last image he had before his vision left him. Heaviness. Why did he feel as if he was being weighed down with a boulder upon his shoulders, suffering like Atlas? It was because this forest was alive, he presumed, but with what was the lingering question. He was being watched, and not by his fellow soldiers, but by something… unnatural. Every direction he stared he could only see darkness, but in his periphery he could sense something else. He turned his head to try and catch a glimpse, but found nothing. However, being watched wasn’t the worst of it. It was the whispering that tormented him to no end.
After the noise of the army finally settling into the night had dissipated, and the sound of stillness took over, was when he heard the first whisper. It felt as if someone had spoken directly into his left ear. What it said was indistinguishable, perhaps not a language meant for human tongues. There was no point in trying to see something anymore, so he closed his eyes and tried to sleep, but that only made it worse. His mind began to race, imagining his worst nightmares come to life. And in the moments when his thoughts seemed to be the most real, the whispering began again. Fading echoes of indistinct murmuring would barrage him at first. But soon after they seemed to consume the whole of him. When would this evening end? He pleaded and prayed to the Creator in his sleep, but the only response he received was absence. It was an absence of help, an absence of faith, and worst of all, an absence of hope. He would not survive the night, he realized. Any attempt to struggle or fight only made the whisperings louder. Resigned to his fate, he willingly threw himself into the void.
But when Izik opened his eyes, he found that the morning had finally come. Soldiers were breaking down camp, packing up supplies, and eager to continue the march through this forest of hell. I made it! Blessed is the Creator who carried me through the night and answered my cries for help! Izik was overcome with joy. He cried out to a soldier nearby.
“Can you believe it? We made it through the night! We’re alive!” but the soldier did not respond. He shouted even louder this time. “SOLDIER! CAN YOU BELIEVE WE’RE STILL ALIVE?” and still no response. Maybe the soldiers had shunned him, believing him a coward. Well, if that’s the way it is, he thought, that’s fine with me. You had to be alive to be purposefully ignored, and that thought comforted him for the moment.
Izik sat and watched as the camp began to move out. He had been waiting for them to finally acknowledge him, even if that acknowledgement lasted a fleeting second as they untied him and retied him to a horse. But as he watched the army begin to leave with haste, his fear of being abandoned in this malevolent place sent him into action.
“Please don’t leave me here!” he shouted. It was at this moment that he realized he was no longer tied to the tree. His arms stretched out in front of him, no rope in sight. Had he been untied earlier and simply unaware? The thought bothered him, but he had no time to linger anymore. He stood up and ran over to join the fleeing army. When he caught up to the closest soldier, he grabbed him by the shoulder and turned him around. “I can’t wait to get out of this hellhole!” But what he saw only made it clearer that he was never leaving this place.
The soldier’s face began to melt away, shedding away like a snake’s old skin. Underneath, Izik could see a new face beginning to take form. He saw a pair of eyes, a nose, a mouth, and teeth, all moving about in different directions trying to find where they fit, like a jigsaw puzzle. When all the pieces locked into place, he recognized a familiar face—that of his father. Izik stepped back, unsure of what he was seeing. His father unsheathed a sword and began to stalk him down. He tried to run away, but found his feet suddenly stuck in the ground. To his dismay, the ground beneath him had turned into a pit of venomous snakes, writhing around his legs tighter and tighter, cutting off the blood and feeling.
“You always were a coward, son! Even when you were young, you were a coward! His father reached down and grabbed hold of a large snake. It seemed to double in size in his hands. The snake hissed loudly, and struck out at his father. It bit deep into his cheek, pulling away a chunk of skin revealing only darkness underneath.
His father threw the snake at Izik. “Remember the time you got bit as a child?  The way you cried all night long, begging for your mommy and daddy to make the pain go away? I knew then and there, that you would amount to nothing. A lowly captain responsible for babysitting the bratty Prince Aric is what you amounted to?”
“Please, Father! That’s not it. I’ve tried to be like you.” The snake had now wrapped around Izik’s face, leaving only one eye and his mouth uncovered.
“I never wanted to disappoint you, Father! You have to know that I tried!” His father moved in closer, his face only inches away from Izik’s.
“You were always a disappointment to me,” he whispered. “I truly have no son.” He raised his sword and drove it into Izik’s heart. Izik cried out in pain, and the whole world began to shift before him, blackness consuming everything. When he awoke, he found himself again tied to a tree.
“Captain Izik! Sounded like you were having a nightmare. It’s morning now, time to move out.” The soldier untied the ropes and Izik rose to his feet. Only a nightmare, he thought as he wiped the sweat off his brow. “Yes, let’s go.” As he walked away, he took in a deep sigh of relief. And that’s when the whispering came back.



Chapter 20



Izik’s hands were not bound this time. As they continued the march for the second day, Captain Titan had ordered him untied. His face had become grossly pale. And in contrast to the muted greys and blacks of the Dark Forest, his face appeared that much more ghostly. His eyes were red and irritated, and he was having trouble seeing clearly. He had not rested at all for the past two days. Sleep was what he needed, but sleep was where the nightmares awaited him. No, he would not go back to that place again. That place where every fear, every insecurity he had ever had in his life manifested themselves into a reality far worse than death. At least death offered an escape, finality to his suffering, but time was absent in his nightmares. There was only one moment to exist in, and that moment consisted of pain.
Izik rubbed his eyes, trying to clear his vision, but everywhere he looked he began to see double. Images moved in and out of focus, doubling and tripling at times. The rhythmic gait of his horse offered no refuge to his despair, but only served to induce nausea as another ailment he needed to deal with.
Titan watched him from afar, keeping a vigilant eye to see what would become of him. His sharp decline in both physical and mental health assured Titan that he was no threat at all. If anything, Izik was not going to make it out of the Dark Forest and they’d have to bury him soon. Titan pitied Izik more than anything. If he had only stayed back at the capital he would not be here suffering. It was only for Prince Aric’s egotistical fulfillment that he and the Royal Guards had come, and to die for that reason alone was simply shameful.
It is tiiiiime, whispered a haunting voice into Izik’s ear. He tried to block it out, but his strength was gone. He could no longer fight the Dark Forest. Whatever it wanted from him, it was about to receive. He relented all will and emotion, giving into the shroud that weighed on him. He softly groaned. The soldiers in front of him turned around at the noise. They stared at him, his eyes bloodshot. He was blinking slowly; his eyelids growing heavy.
“He looks like he’s about to pass out. It’ll do him some good though, he looks like a freakish vampire.” The soldiers laughed at the quip.
Again, Izik groaned.
The soldiers turned around once more. Izik had his eyes closed this time, and his body slowly collapsed forward onto his horse.
“Goodnight, Captain Izik,” the soldier with the rat face said.
“We’ll wake you when the battle’s over at Lake Raphia,” chuckled the other soldier.
Suddenly, the soldier with the rat face found himself staring down at his chest. A hand was sticking through him, breaching multiple layers of his armor and torso. He stared at it in disbelief. His head slowly turned away from the hand, and back behind him to see Izik’s mouth wide open, closing in on his neck.
“Aaaaaaaaaarrrghhh!” he cried out.
As his body fell from his horse, the other soldier reached for his sword and swung at Izik, but Izik was too quick. He leapt off his mount and over the soldier’s blade. The soldier swung again, anticipating where he would land, but he never did. I’m going crazy, thought the soldier. He looked up and saw nothing but the thick boughs of branches overhead. His eyes darted back and forth trying to find some movement.
“Captain Izik’s been possessed!” he cried out. “He’s up in the trees!”
The group of soldiers ahead of him drew their weapons and began to scan the canopy. A branch cracked to the left, and all of the soldiers turned their heads that direction. Izik leapt down, grabbing one of the soldiers and pulled him back up into the darkness above. A scream cried out from within the leaves. The soldier’s carcass flew down from the trees, colliding with another soldier and knocking him off his horse.
The group of soldiers let loose their arrows into the thicket above, hoping their barrage would catch Izik. The arrows lodged themselves deep into the trees. But alas, there was no cry of pain. They paused for a moment, unsure of what they were waiting for. That’s when three arrows came darting back out, striking three soldiers in the neck.
By this time, Titan had caught news halfway up the vanguard and had made his way down. He was aghast at what he saw. Five soldiers already dead. Three with arrows in their necks; two unidentifiable.
“Where is he?” Titan demanded.
“Up… hiding in the trees!” the soldiers answered.
“Come down here and fight, you coward!” yelled Titan.
An arrow flew out of the sky, but Titan was able to deflect it. Izik leapt towards him, arms extended and fangs ready to rip him apart. Titan swung his hammer, sending Izik colliding into a nearby tree. His body broke against the trunk, leaving his torso completely contorted. With his body mangled, Izik dropped to all four limbs, his movements now resembling a spider.
“Where is Captain Izik?” a voice called out.
The soldiers turned to see Prince Aric and his Royal Guards making their way towards the scene.
“Get the prince out of here!” ordered Titan. “Captain Izik has already killed five soldiers, we don’t need a dead prince to add to the count!”
Aric stared at what had become of the captain of his Royal Guards. He couldn’t believe his eyes. The demented creature before him didn’t resemble Izik at all. Izik’s head twisted around completely before settling into place, the sound of bones popping and grinding unnaturally against themselves sending a cold shiver down Aric’s back. Izik’s eyes locked onto Aric.
“Youuu!” cried out Izik. “It’s allll your fault!” He leapt up into the air, grabbed a hold of a branch and propelled himself down towards Aric.
Aric froze. Unsure of what he should do. Never had his life been in danger as it was at that moment. The final thoughts that ran through his mind were not of his life’s regrets. How he would never become a great king and lead his people to victory over the Renzai. How he would never earn the respect and adoration of those he held dearest. No, the final thought that went through Aric’s mind was fear. He watched as Izik flew through the air, hands aimed at his throat, ready to choke the last breath out of his body. Is this it? he wondered.
Survival instinct kicked in. Aric grabbed a hold of the nearest Royal Guard and pushed him towards Izik. “Protect me!” he commanded.
Izik’s outstretched hands were rapidly drawing closer. The soldier tried to raise his sword and shield, but he was too slow. Izik’s icy fingers were now only mere inches away. The loud sound of metal crashing against armor suddenly caught everyone off guard. The Royal Guard went tumbling out of the way, and in his place stood General Arges.
Izik landed atop of Arges, his hands trying to wrap around the general’s neck. Arges gripped Izik’s forearms tightly, just able to halt the deathly advance. Krakens moved in to save their general, but Arges called them off immediately.
“Stay back! He’s already killed some of us. I won’t lose any more of you to this demon!”
Krakens twitched restlessly, wanting desperately to help their leader, but unable to do so.
Izik’s unnatural strength began to overpower Arges’ resistance, his fingertips scratching and clawing at Arges’ neck. “Diiieee!” hissed Izik.
Arges placed his foot against Izik’s chest and kicked him backwards. A blinding flash of light cut through the air, followed by a shrill scream that echoed throughout the forest.
General Arges stood victorious, holding his twin falcatas in each hand. Captain Izik’s body split apart, laid in two pieces. The legs landed by Titan, and the torso landed at Aric’s feet.
Arges turned towards Aric. “I warned you what fear can do to a person. Now burn his body, we need to keep moving.”



Chapter 21



Nobody spoke much as the company continued their march. For three days, soldiers were alone with their thoughts. Only General Arges and Captain Titan seemed capable of carrying on as normal; discussing possible battle plans for Lake Raphia, and even managing to laugh occasionally, as one of them would tell a comical anecdote. They tried their best to maintain a sense of normalcy, but it wasn’t enough.
General Arges’ Third Unit was famous for its ferocity and skills in battle. They were not composed of intellectuals, alchemists, or academics. People with those skills were assigned to other legions. The Third Unit was composed of the fiercest soldiers in the kingdom. They were massively sized soldiers with twice the strength and toughness as well. Their mental fortitude was unquestioned on the battlefield. These soldiers had seen and done things that the average soldier would go insane from. Every soldier tallied the number of victories they’ve had in battle upon their backs. Scarring their skin, a notch for every battle won. Unit standouts like Captain Titan had backs that were completely filled; so they’d begun to tally victories upon their arms.
The unit’s sigil was the Kraken, the ferocious mythical beast of the sea that battered and swallowed its enemies, drowning them in the ocean, never to be heard from again. The unit made it its decree that no enemy would ever receive mercy. The battlefield was the ocean, and they the Kraken, ready to drown their enemies in a sea of their own blood. Unlike other units who carried a banner with their sigil crested upon it, the Third Unit carried no flag. Instead, their sigil was tattooed upon their necks, a Kraken reaching out with eight arms. They had one of the most controversial initiations of any unit as well. When a new recruit was assigned to them, they needed to prove their worth. General Arges rolled a die, and whatever number it landed on was the number of enemies the recruit needed to fight in the battle pit. Enemies could consist of soldiers, or savage beasts like bears, lions, or cerberus. For fifteen minutes, the recruit fought for survival, deflecting every blow and attack in a bloody dance of death. If the recruit survived, they were welcomed with open arms, and Arges gave the honor of notching their first battle tally upon their back. If they failed to survive the fifteen-minute onslaught, they were sent back to the infirmary, and then back to headquarters for reassignment. Many did not make it out of the infirmary at all. This was a group meant only for the strongest of warriors.
The past three days weighed heavily on Arges’ mind. His soldiers, the elite of the elite, had been corrupted with fear. Never in all of their battles had they ever acted like this. Their usual loud bantering, impromptu sparring sessions, or other competitive acts of fortitude were gone, and in their place was silence. Nobody spoke a single word. They simply marched forward, eyes constantly searching the forest for the next attack. Soldiers took quick glances at one another, never knowing if one of them was going to be transformed, like Izik. Cracks were appearing within his unit, and Arges knew he needed to get them out of the Dark Forest as soon as possible.
Aric watched Arges closely as they continued their slow march through the forest. He stole quick glances at the general, trying to measure the emotions he knew were raging inside of Arges. The Krakens were as close as family to the young general, perhaps even closer. The pain of losing a single one of his soldiers must’ve cut deep into Arges’ guilt, but to lose five must’ve been unbearable. Arges was trying his best to keep up his soldiers’ morale, encouraging them to resist the temptation of evil that lurked in this godforsaken place, but the only responses he received were fear and silence. Aric remembered the first day he had rode into the Krakens’ camp; Titan was battling in the pit while his comrades looked on excitedly. There was an energy, a warrior spirit that was palpable in the air, but now, that was no longer the case. Was this his fault? Was he to blame for fracturing the Krakens’ mental psyche? 
To make matters worse, Izik’s attack replayed over and over again in Aric’s head. The image of Izik’s bloodstained hands reaching out for Aric’s throat would not dissipate. It remained vividly engrained in his thoughts, jolting him awake suddenly when he began to doze off, flashing like bolt of lightning when his mind wandered free. The unrelenting sense of fear ran through his body. As he looked around the Dark Forest, he fully realized just how powerful the Black was in this place. It had corrupted Captain Izik, a deeply faithful man, devoted to the Creator and His family. It had turned the indomitable Krakens into fearful shells of their former selves. Aric had disrespected the power of the Dark Forest, and his men had paid dearly for it.
Aric rode slowly beside Arges in silence. He thought about how Arges had so willingly sacrificed himself to save the Royal Guard. Not even one of his own men, yet Arges didn’t hesitate. Aric had asked Arges why he had done so. The Krakens are my own, he replied, but any soldier of Vicedonia is my family. Aric couldn’t make sense of the response. To Aric, any soldier’s duty in Vicedonia was to protect and fight for their kings, princes, and leaders. To lay down their lives if need be for them, not the other way around. Leaders were rare, while soldiers were plenty. Why Arges had been so willing to throw himself into harm’s way for a mere bodyguard made no sense. The more Aric tried to rationalize the behavior, the more his thoughts and emotions raged wild like Hephaestus’ forges.
They decided to double-time their march, and nobody voiced opposition to the plan. Soon, they came upon a large hill, making every step excruciatingly painful upon their tired legs as they ascended. With each step, their feet dug deep into the mud, slowing them down to a crawl. They used everything they could to haul themselves up the hill; swords, axes, and shields all became impromptu climbing tools. The horses did not have it any easier. They would find solid ground before their front legs suddenly slipped out, sinking deeper into the mud. It made the horses flail wildly, bucking the rider off, and leaving them to their own devices to make it up the looming incline.
Captain Titan could be heard in the middle of the company, barking orders and commanding them to climb faster. Arges and Aric were the first to reach the top of the hill. What they saw was as confusing as it was intimidating. They stood atop a vast chasm. So deep and bottomless it seemed. Aric kicked a rock to see how deep it truly was. The sound of the rock ricocheting off the side of the pit echoed loudly. As the rock sank deeper into the pit, it seemed to disappear entirely; no sound at all. There was no coming back from that, which made what they saw before them that much more intriguing.
Two paths splayed out. Stone bridges that crossed over the chasm. Too perfectly shaped and constructed to be naturally formed, which begged the more menacing question: Who built the bridges? The bridges spanned about five hundred feet across the pit. The path on the left snaked back and forth, leading downwards into the other side, into what appeared to be an opening to a cave. The path on the right ran identically to its counterpart, except it led upwards and ended atop a hill directly across from where they stood.
“Which way do we go, Arges?” asked Aric.
Arges thought for a moment, unsure of what he was staring at. “We need to scout the paths before we commit to one. We don’t know what lies ahead, and we cannot afford to split our company.”
The thought of having to wait for scouts to report back was an agonizing proposition, but one that everyone knew needed to be done. The next obvious question was on everyone’s lips, but nobody wanted to ask. So Arges went ahead and did.
“I need four scouts to recon the paths up ahead. Do I have any volunteers?”
Silence.
“I understand what you are feeling, my fellow Krakens. We have encountered an enemy here in the Dark Forest that we do not yet understand. That is why you are scared. We fear what we do not understand. But trust me, we will discover how this forest thinks and behaves, much like we do with all the other enemies who have fallen before us. The only difference now is that the battlefield is within our minds, and you fight not with your swords, but with your courage. Believe in yourself, stay mentally strong, and this forest will not overtake you.”
Aric watched the army closely. For some, the speech had done nothing to strengthen their resolve. Their faces remained the same. Others, however, seemed to be shaking off the webs of trepidation, reminding themselves of who they were, and what they represented. The Kraken fears no man, nor beast, nor even demon. It resides in the deepest part of the ocean, at home with the darkness of the sea floor. How could they be afraid of a place that they should be calling home?
Four soldiers raised their arms into the air. “We volunteer, my General.”
A smile shone across Arges’ face. “Step forward.”
The four soldiers made their way to the cliff’s edge.
“Lucius, Titus. You two will scout the path to the left. Quintus, Thea. You two will take the one to the right. See what is up ahead, and report back shortly. Do not delve deeper than you need to go. We will wait here for you.”
“Krakens!” the four shouted loudly. They took their respective paths, cautiously making their way across. Aric watched them go. Brave soldiers indeed, but sometimes the bravest of us all do not recognize when death has already embraced us tightly.



Chapter 22



The minutes felt like hours. At some moments, time appeared to stop completely. What was taking them so long? wondered Arges.
Aric could see the look of concern on the general’s face. Never one to give up on his soldiers, Arges epitomized what a leader should be. What he lacked in age, he made up for with wisdom beyond his years. General Arges was the youngest person in the history of the Vicedonian Kingdom to achieve such a rank. He was only thirty-four years old. Amongst the leadership in the military, he was the youngest by far. General Steropes was the next youngest, and he was still eleven years Arges’ elder. Arges was the youngest heir to one of the twelve noble families of Vicedonia. These nobles carried much in power and influence amongst the high council of the kingdom. Whichever way the noble families swayed their opinion, it usually swayed the public’s opinion in kind, and thusly impacted King Maximus’ judgments.
The noble families tended to only have lower ranking members of their households join the military. They believed it to be a sufficient sacrifice to have some representation in the military. That way, they could always say they had family members on the front lines, fighting alongside the remainder of the households in all of Vicedonia. No social statuses or economic disparities came into play when they said; our children fight right alongside your children for the kingdom. A good strategy, at that, and one that had saved face for many of the noble families, but everyone still knew that the members they sent were of no real importance to the future well-being of the family. Lowly second cousins or nephews or nieces were usually the ones sent to the legions. For that reason many of the noble families had been despised secretly by the public. Rumors and gossip spread rampantly throughout the kingdom of how the blood of the poor fueled the machine that kept the noble families rich and powerful. It had been like that for many centuries, until Arges changed it all.
Arges was the youngest son of Noble Necho. At the age of twenty, when he was supposed to follow in his older brother’s and father’s footsteps in studying to become a high councilor, he refused. He had seen and spoken to many soldiers who had come back from war, sympathized with their ordeals, and made it a mission to do what he could to help, not by wearing a robe and debating the finer points of politics at council, but by wearing armor and fighting alongside his fellow Vicedonian citizens. He made his intentions public at his coming of age coronation, declaring to citizens of Vicedonia that he was forgoing his familial footsteps and entering the military academy. His family stood shocked at the announcement, but once it was public, they could do nothing to change it. Any attempt to rebuff Arges’ attempt to enter the military would have drawn the ire of the public, a public already highly critical of the noble families. Arges entered the academy and excelled rapidly. 
His skills in all areas of battle were exceptional, but it was his leadership that was his prized attribute. People gravitated towards his presence. They clung to every word spoken from his lips. The people loved him because he genuinely cared for them. There was no pretense with him, no ulterior motives. He was too young to have had any black stains on his history. Arges’ rise through the military was unprecedented and not without warrant. Watching him in battle wielding his twin falcatas was like watching the Furies’ rage personified.
After Arges’ historic public declaration, many of the other noble families began to see their sons and daughters enter the military academy as well. Much to the dismay of the noble heads, to see their most precious enter the military to become mere foot soldiers. For King Maximus, though, it was a veritable gift to see his own high council’s children battling alongside all of Vicedonia. It pleased him greatly, and it also served as an impetus for Aric’s own desire to charge onto the battlefield. Aric saw in Arges the hero he wanted to be. 
That’s why it pained Aric to see Arges so concerned. It had been eight hours since the four scouts left, and not a single one had returned. At most, they should’ve been gone for a few hours. Checking to see what was ahead and doubling back to report. Something had gone terribly wrong, and Arges knew it.
“Do we continue to wait?” asked Aric, not knowing if Arges even heard his question.
Arges looked down into the bottomless pit, as if subconsciously saying that his soldiers had become one with the Black. “No, we need to keep moving; perhaps we will find them along the way.”
“Which way do we go?”
“There’s no way to tell which way is better. One could be shorter, but more dangerous. The other could lead to a dead end, or send us marching the wrong direction. There’s just no way to tell. We have to just pick one and go. What does your instinct tell you, Prince Aric?”
“Perhaps we should send another set of scouts to see what happened?”
“There’s no chance anyone is volunteering to see what happened to those four. No matter how moving a speech I make this time, they know now for a fact that they won’t come back. There’s no point.”
“Then I say let’s go to the right.”
“Alright, let’s move.”
Just then, a neighing could be heard off in the distance. They all searched the horizon for the objects they hoped to see. Yes, they could see a horse running back towards their direction. It was moving at top speed, neighing and whinnying ferociously, no fear of the unguarded bridges. It bolted down the right path like a horse on a mission. The army cheered in celebration as they saw the horse return. Eyes widened, smiles reappeared, and they beat their chests in rhythm. Shouts of “Krakens!” filled the air. They welcomed back their comrades with renewed energy. However, the moment of joy quickly turned to despair once again as they saw there was no rider astride. When the horse made its way back to camp, Arges reined him in gently, soothing his coat with gentle strokes, and steadying his heartbeat. They searched the horse, but everything seemed to be in order. No signs of a skirmish or misfortune seemed apparent. They searched again and again and still could not find anything.
Aric examined the horse, looking for some clue to tell him the whereabouts of its owner. He watched as the horse trotted its feet back and forth, up and down. For a moment, something caught his attention, and then it was gone again. He watched closer now, the horse’s hoofs bobbed up and down. Again he saw something. Aric stood up and approached the horse. Arges and the rest of the army watched him with curious eyes. Aric grabbed the horse’s right hoof and picked it up, studying the bottom. It was covered with light grey dirt. No, this wasn’t dirt. Especially in the Dark Forest, the dirt and mud they had seen for days was a dark, thick, smelly opaque color. This was different. He smoothed out the dust with his fingers. This wasn’t dirt; it was ash. He raised his fingers and smelled the ash. This wasn’t just ash; it was human ash.
“Your riders are dead, General, I’m sorry to say.”
“How do you know, my Prince?
“The bottoms of the horse’s feet are covered in ash. The burnt remains of a human body. I recognize the smell of it. I’ve attended many burial ceremonies where we lay the deceased rites to sea. Scattering their ashes out across the water. The smell of the ash is something I can never forget.”
It was then that the horse began to cough violently. Whatever was caught in its throat refused to come out. The horse hacked loudly, nostrils flaring, and saliva dripping from its mouth. It took a deep breath and heaved. Out poured a pile of ash. It gushed forward until a small mound lay on the floor beneath it. The horse finally seemed to regain its senses and composure. Everyone stared at the pile of ash.  
Suddenly, without warning the ash began to move. It swirled counter-clockwise, spinning faster and faster. As it spun, the pile grew taller and taller, shooting upwards to the sky. One inexplicable occurrence led to the next as the ash began to take form. When it had fully crystallized, what appeared to be a stone figure of Lucius stood before them. This can’t be real, thought Aric. The figure began to move, motioning as if it was fending off an invisible enemy.
“That’s the Southern style of combat. It was Lucius’ preferred fighting method. There’s no doubt that’s him… or what’s left of him,” said Arges.
They watched in horror as the figure continued its invisible battle. It fell to one knee, and then to both. It covered its face, shielding itself from an oncoming strike. That’s when the statue abruptly exploded. Ash dissipated in every direction. The army stood dumbfounded by what had just happened.
Aric clasped his hands tightly together to prevent his nervous shaking. “What in the world just happened?”
“It was a replay of Lucius’ final moments,” said Arges. “A warning.”
“Then… I guess the decision is clear now… we take the path to the left,” responded Aric nervously.
“Yes, we know what the path to the right offers, but I have a feeling the alternative offers something far worse.”



Chapter 23



The bridge seemed solid enough. There were no barriers on either side, but the path was wide enough for soldiers to walk along it two by two. The pit below bellowed every so often, the source unknown, but the effect readily apparent. The bridge shook at the reverberations, forcing everyone to an abrupt standstill. It was making already fragile psyches even more brittle.
It felt like eons before the entire division traversed the chasm safely, marching two by two and going at the snail’s pace that they did. This side of the bridge slithered down into a cavernous opening underground. The cave was dark and moist inside. They ignited torches to light the way, revealing before them an enormous space within. Stalactites and stalagmites protruded out of the ground and ceiling at strange forty-five degree angles. The air smelled damp with a faint tinge of sulfur. Not an overwhelming one, but enough to make the soldiers cover their mouths.
“Keep your eyes out for the recon team,” ordered Arges as he cautiously maneuvered his way across the wet ground.
“Do you think we’ll find them, sir?” asked the soldier to his right.
“We have to. They deserve a proper burial. To meet the ferryman and move on to the next life,” answered Arges.
They are in a place far darker than the afterlife, thought Aric. He stared at the flickering shadows cast by his torch. It was difficult to see within the cave, but he believed he saw faces revealing themselves in the shadows. We’re delving deeper into the heart of this forest. Aric turned back to try and catch a glimpse of the entrance, hoping perhaps that they still had time to turn around, but it was already too late. They were now completely consumed in the belly of this hellish labyrinth.
The path meandered back and forth, criss-crossing in unnatural directions. At times they felt they were backtracking, only to find another opening that would propel them deeper down. It wouldn’t be a surprise if the recon team had gotten lost down here and were unable to find their way back. The cave felt ancient beyond years, shaping the rock into all kinds of strange forms. Below Aric’s feet appeared to be a leviathan carved into the ground, its teeth gritted, ready to attack. Above him, Aric noticed a row of stalactites shaped into a flock of birds. It reminded him of his childhood. The mornings when the birds he cared for and raised would take their morning flights. Some of which never seemed to return home, leaving him wondering of their destination. Perhaps that was what his father was experiencing now.
They bypassed a cave wall with a circular opening. As Aric peered through it, he believed he saw the silhouette of a woman, her face covered in shadow save for the lower left portion of her chin. She appeared to be wearing a robe, and her hands were clasped together, offering up a prayer to the Creator. She reminded Aric so much of Illiana. Why it was that she came to his mind first, and not Ophelia or Melody, he knew not. Maybe it’s the fact that only Illiana, with her resilient personality, could actually withstand a place like this.
“General, we found something!” shouted a nearby soldier. He was trying to lift something up off the ground. It was difficult to make out in the dark, but as he raised it, the shape of Quintus’ helmet came into focus, the jagged plumes still intact somehow. They gathered around and saw that the rest of his armor was lying on the ground as well, but his body was nowhere in sight.
“He’s gone, simply vanished,” mused the soldier.
“Check the inside of his armor. Maybe there’s a clue. Most likely beaten and stripped, taken prisoner by this hell,” spoke Titan as he chipped away at a misshapen rock protruding from the cave’s ceiling.
The soldier maneuvered his torch to illuminate the inside of the armor. He checked the helmet as well and could find no traces of blood, a scratch, or any signs of struggle.
“Nothing, Captain, the armor’s unscathed.”
General Arges stepped between Titan and the soldier.
“Take the armor with us. We will bury it once we leave this place. Until then, let’s keep moving.” His eyes surveyed the cave’s walls with a look of disdain. “Before any more of us vanish into thin air,” he murmured under his breath.
As they marched, Aric continued to notice oddly shaped stones. Again, they were too crude to be shaped by human hands, but much too lifelike to be dismissed as a simple misshapen rock. The leviathan, Illiana, and the birds were but a few standouts. He also saw an anaconda, the head of a bull, and Poseidon’s trident dangling from the ceiling. Were all of these items just figments of his imagination? A deceit of the eyes as shadows blended together to reveal the entirety of a strange puzzle? Up ahead, he noticed a rock that appeared to be a man in deep prayer.
He made his way towards the statue. The man’s head leaned forward, hands clasped together, pressed against his forehead. He knelt down on his knees and was situated in the middle of the path.
“This one must’ve prayed to the wrong gods,” joked Titan. He chuckled heartily, but nobody joined him in this crude form of entertainment. The rest of the army walked past the praying man, stealing a quick glance before hurrying along.
“Offer your god a prayer for me too,” jested Titan as he slapped the man’s shoulder. Crack! A large piece of the statue shattered, sending debris falling everywhere. Everyone stopped in place. Titan examined the spot where the rock had come undone. Underneath it he could see nothing, but the smell was familiar. Arges and Aric approached quickly.
“What is it?” asked Aric, wide-eyed and curious.
“It is the smell of… flesh.”
Aric staggered back a few feet. The smell was abhorrent, making some soldiers gag as it began to permeate the damp air.
“Shatter the rest of it, Titan,” commanded Arges.
Titan swung his hammer, landing four different blows in different spots. Soon the cracks and fissures raced across the surface of the statue. Once large enough pieces had been made vulnerable, the rock began to unhinge altogether. When every rock and pebble had fallen to the floor, before them stood the answer they secretly knew to be true. A bloody and tortured Quintus sat motionless, his body emaciated and scarred. No breath emanated from his remains. Aric moved in to get a closer look. He studied the body as it lay completely still.
“This soldier was turned into stone. Or rather, he was encased in stone as he offered his last prayers to the Creator. He suffocated to death.” Aric’s words felt heavy as the army looked on.
Arges bent down and put his hand over Quintus’ heart. We’ve been marching for more days than I can remember. We lost Captain Izik and five soldiers who tried to subdue him. Lucius and Quintus are dead. Titus and Thea are yet to be found. He stared at the ruined figure of Quintus. The guilt crept up in his throat. I should’ve known better than to send them off. We shouldn’t even be here in the first place. I should’ve kept them back at base. I should’ve… followed my orders.
Losing a soldier, to Arges, was worse than death. They were true siblings in this unit. To some, the Krakens were the only family they had ever known.
Titan watched Arges attentively. He knew his general well. As skilled as Arges was in military tactics and combat, there was still a part of him that was young and innocent. Titan could see it every time Arges internally mourned the loss of one of his soldiers. In time, General, you will learn that tears do not bring back the dead. Soldiers are but cogs in a wheel, meant to power a machine of conquest and destruction. You cannot mourn over parts of a machine, no matter how valuable and rare they may be.
Titan moved closer to Arges and spoke. “We have lost our family to this lair of wickedness, but we will lose no more! The best way… no, the only way to honor their memories is to find and destroy whatever darkness has done this to them!”
Arges stood up, his eyes closed. He took in a deep breath, and released it slowly through his mouth. His face was the epitome of calm and peace, but his eyes told a different story. They burned, his bluish eyes gleaming like precious sapphires. Sparks seemed to flicker about in them. They shone brighter and brighter in the muted blacks of the cave. The glow in his eyes began to envelope his head. He looked almost angelic with his white hair and silver aura about him. Arges reached for his left falcata, holding it upside down with both palms gripping the handle. He raised it into the air, a deep anger emanating from inside him. He slammed the falcata into the ground, driving the blade three quarters of the way deep. A gust of wind erupted from the crack, blowing everyone off balance. They had never seen the general like this before. Never had his emotions gotten the better of him.
“Where are you? Reveal yourself to me! You’ve stolen my family from me, and I will follow you down into the deepest depths of hell! I swear I will kill you! You will regret ever having challenged the Krakens! Show yourself!” Arges cried out to his invisible enemy, whatever or whoever it may be. When silence was his only response, the anger clouded his mind. He leapt up into the air and slashed across the defenseless ceiling. The cut opened up a gash five feet wide. A loud groan emanated from inside the crack. A gust of wind came blowing out, knocking helmets and weapons off of some nearby soldiers. A faint noise could be heard, too. Strangely, it sounded like water. The noise grew louder and louder, soon it felt as if a roaring tidal wave was about to crash down on them. Everyone stared up at the opening above, bracing for whatever was making its way out.
“Prepare yourself for battle!” commanded Arges. A moment of calm hovered in the air. And then it came. A roaring rapid of murky red water came gushing out of the opening. It poured into the cave, filling it up instantaneously. Soldiers grasped towards anything they could to not be swept away. Some reached for nearby rocks, some for each other. Some drove their weapons into the wall and clung on. The water continued to pour in, filling every crevice and crack. This was no ordinary water. It felt heavier. Swimming in it felt three times as difficult. What form of evil is this? wondered Aric.
That’s when the water began to take shape. Figures sprouted out of the liquid in every direction. The water began to recede as the shapes solidified. They stood about the same height as most of the soldiers in the unit. They were all faceless, water cascading down in ripples across where eyes and noses should’ve been. As they sprang to life, their appearance became more familiar, armor and weapons identifiable to anyone familiar with the history of this place.
Aric’s heart sank as he watched the dead armies of King Vicedon stand before him. The Black had twisted their souls, corrupting this forest with their anger. Their hate and lust for battle was echoing on through eternity, refusing to let them move on to the Creator. Somehow they’d used it to cling to this world, driven by an insatiable appetite for battle. They are everywhere and anywhere all at once, thought Aric, nervously.
The figure of King Vicedon rose out of the ground. He was taller than even Titan, a giant of a man. A large wound still festered about his torso, where Emperor Renza had delivered the fatal blow. A low guttural growl emanated from his mouth, “Our enemy has come to kill us… again. They trespass within our home, defiling our gravesite. These men have no respect for their forefathers. They did not heed the warnings we gave them. Their comrades were sacrificed so that they may live; yet they continue their disrespectful ways. A foolish lot have we. A lesson must be taught.” He slowly lowered his arm, pointing directly at Aric. “Destroy them.”
A resurrected soldier dashed towards Aric. Spear raised in the air, he drove it down, aiming for Aric’s heart. Aric blocked the blow with his shield. In his other hand he unsheathed his sword. Spinning in one motion, he cut through the soldier’s body. The soldier’s stomach exploded, crimson water spilling out onto the ground. The resurrected demon fell to his knees, clutching at his stomach. Aric turned to pursue another enemy when he heard gurgled laughter behind him. He turned back to see the wounded soldier glaring at him, laughing hysterically. The blood-red water that had spilled out was now reforming into a pool. The soldier stepped on it, sucking it back into his body. His stomach healed right before Aric’s eyes.
Aric launched another attack, hoping to catch the soldier off guard. His first two blows were deflected by the soldier’s spear, but the third found its home in the soldier’s heart. Aric pushed his sword in as far as he could. He was about to pull it out, when he quickly reconsidered. If he removed it, the cursed water would spill out only to reform again. He left the blade impaled where it was. The soldier paid it no attention. His eyes always locked onto Aric. The sword began to move, shaking in place. Slowly it inched itself out, as if someone was removing it from within with an invisible hand. Aric was confounded. He had a smaller dagger in his sleeve, but what good would it do? Wounds across the stomach and a stab to the heart have no effect on these ghosts of history. The impaled sword shot out of the soldier’s heart, rattling to a stop as it landed at Aric’s feet.
“There’s no way to kill them! Arges, what do we do?”
Arges was already engaged with three enemies. They swarmed on him from every direction. He parried and dodged, delivering killing blows to all of them in a matter of seconds. But just like Aric had experienced, their wounds healed immediately and again they began another onslaught. “Keep fighting! It’s the only thing we can do until we can figure it out!”
Titan was grappling with King Vicedon on the other side of the cave. Impressively he seemed to match the king’s strength. He dropped low and grabbed a hold of the king’s legs. He lifted him up into the air, turned his body sideways and slammed him onto his head. Titan, shocked, watched as the king’s body splashed into a puddle, the water disappearing into crevices in the ground. Titan could hear it swishing back and forth beneath him. He tried to follow it, but the sound was too quick. The water reformed beneath his feet; two watery arms reached out, grabbing a hold of Titan. The rest of King Vicedon’s body rose out of the ground. He now appeared just as he did moments before. Only this time he had a firm hold of Titan’s feet. He lifted Titan off the ground and threw him into the air. Titan flew across the cave, crashing violently into the ceiling. He hit the ceiling with such a forceful impact; chunks of rock fell to the ground, showering the room with debris. Titan hit the floor with a groan. Immediately, pain raged in his lower right torso. He reached for it, wincing as he discovered a stalactite had impaled him. He gritted his teeth and pulled out the sharpened rock. Before he could let out a cry of anguish, King Vicedon was on him again, raining down blows with his mighty axe. Titan managed to roll out of the way, but the king wouldn’t relent.
Aric looked around, watching soldiers fall one by one, their lifeless bodies piling up. They were losing too many soldiers. At this rate, they would be of no use to General Steropes at Lake Raphia. That’s if they even made it out of this place alive. Most of his Royal Guards were already dead. He would be next unless by some miracle they were saved from this hellish ordeal. He stood in place; sword and shield in hand, ready to continue this exercise in futility.
From behind him, an enemy grabbed a hold, locking his arms under Aric’s and up and around his neck. Aric squirmed violently, but to no avail, he unknowingly dropped his sword and shield in his panic and was now completely defenseless. Another enemy picked up Aric’s sword, drew it back and charged.
Just then, a dagger pierced the enemy’s head, sending him collapsing to the ground. Aric waited for his body to reconstitute itself, but amazingly it didn’t. Rather, his body hardened into stone. As he stared in disbelief, the enemy grabbing him from behind suddenly released his hold. Aric turned to see the soldier collapse, transforming into stone as well. Where the enemy once stood, he now saw who had come to his aid. A female warrior stood with her bladed tri-claw in hand. Her armor was light, good for mobility. Her mouth covered with a mask. A sunburst emblazoned upon her chest. She was Renzai. Aric sensed an increased commotion in his periphery. He slowly gazed around the battlefield to see the armies of Emperor Renza swarming through the opening that Arges had cut. They engaged their sworn enemies, ignoring the Krakens entirely.
Arges, Titan, and Aric regrouped in the center. They still couldn’t believe what had happened. For whatever reason, fortune had favored them. They could not waste this opportunity. “We escape, now!” cried out Arges. He made his way down a tunnel, and the remainder of the Third Unit followed suit. As Aric made his retreat, he watched the two armies battle viciously. Destroying each other without mercy. How long have these two armies fought here in the Dark Forest? he wondered. Doomed to battle each other for the rest of eternity, here in this forsaken land. Cursed to die again and again.



Chapter 24



The ruins of Kih Bayar were worse than they could’ve imagined. They looked around, trying to take in the whole of the devastation. What had once been a prosperous and thriving city was now nothing more than an empty shell. Magnificent temples that reached towards the sky had been reduced to rubble. The city had literally exploded. Charred blast marks littered the foothills to the west. Homes—or what was left of them— were coated in black ash. The lingering perfume of fire and smoke filled the air. The people had simply vanished, either dead or escaped east. Nevermind the bands of marauding Gokstads and Pilgrims of Fate, who had abandoned their obligations to the Vicedonians, and now headed off in the same direction. Whatever had destroyed this city was much more dangerous than any Vicedonian colonist army.
Raden noticed the burnt out remains of a home along the side of the road. One wall of the house had completely crumbled, allowing for a full view of the kitchen. The room was small, and the circular dining table still remained miraculously intact. It seated four and reminded him of the elderly couple’s home that had cared for him and Kimi when they were orphaned. The memories came flooding back.
“There, there, child, you’re safe now. Nobody is going to hurt you.”
Raden stared at the elderly woman as she patted his head with a warm towel. Her friendly smile radiated warmth in the room. He was lying on a small cot in the kitchen, just beside the dining table. “The Vicedonians… they attacked my village… Carhay… I have to warn somebody… father said…”
“Hush, child, it’s okay. Save your strength. We’ve already had some other people from your village arrive telling us what happened there. Messages have been sent, and soon the Renzai army should be here to defend us. You needn’t worry. You’ve been so brave already.”
“Kimi… where is she…”
“She’s doing fine. Oba is watching her now. She’s sleeping peacefully. And your dog friend is waiting outside the door. He seems very concerned.”
Knowing that Kimi was safe, Raden finally allowed himself to rest, the exhaustion catching up with him. He awoke the next morning and could hear the elderly couple whispering in the next room.
“But, Oba, we can’t just abandon them. They’re too little. They’re just children.”
“I know, Oji, and I feel awful, but we don’t have enough money or food to take care of two young children. We barely have enough for ourselves. I know it’s hard, but once they regain their strength, we’ll have to take them to someone who can really help them.”
“There’s nobody in the village who can do that, Oba. We’re all simple farmers here. There’s no other place for them to go.” The elderly woman was on the verge of tears.
“I don’t know… we just don’t have enough food here for all of us. They need to go somewhere with more resources, somewhere bigger, and with more opportunity, a place like the capital. They’re bound to have orphanages or schools that can help them. I think that may be our only choice, Oji. I’m sorry. We can continue caring for them for about a week, but then I’ll have to take them to the capital.”
“… Okay… I understand.” The elderly woman replied meekly as she continued to sob.
Raden heard them make their way into the kitchen where he and Kimi laid. He closed his eyes, pretending to be asleep. He could feel them watching them. The elderly woman sniffled softly. Raden prayed silently, thanking the One for sending him and Kimi these two guardian angels.
The next week passed by quickly. Raden regained his strength fully, Kimi was healthy as ever, and Lulu still waited patiently by the front door with leftover vegetable skins piled nearby. Before he knew it, it was already time to leave. The elderly man was prepping the horse and wagon, while the elderly woman packed them food for the trip.
“Take care of yourself, Raden. You’re a strong boy, and I know you’ll do whatever it takes to care for your family. Be brave, child.” She held him tightly and kissed him on the forehead. “Goodbye.”
Raden held Kimi as he sat next to the elderly man. Lulu jumped into the back of the wagon and curled up to sleep. His life had been flipped upside down the past week. He thought about losing his parents, somehow surviving the river, and miraculously making it into the loving arms of his own people. If his parents had lived to grow old, he believed they would be just like this elderly couple, loving and caring, especially for their own people, the Renzai people. He felt blessed to be part of such a special community. He promised right then and there that he would protect his people from any harm.
Raden waved a final goodbye as the wagon pulled away. Raden tried not to cry as the elderly woman waved back. Be brave. I have to be brave, he reminded himself. He stared off across the high grass fields and settled in for the journey to the capital, unsure of where fate would take him next.
“Raden?” Gama tapped him on the shoulder, but Raden had a blank look in his eyes. “Rad! Can you hear me?”
Raden awoke from his reverie. “Oh, sorry, Gama. I was… thinking about something else.”
“I was just saying how ominous those mountains look. They’re a thousand times scarier than I imagined they’d be,” Gama said as he pointed to the foothills of the Voras Mountains.
Raden looked to where Gama was pointing. A cold chill went through his spine as he recognized the now-familiar markings. The strange glowing patterns had now matured into what he believed to be symbols. More than that, they were littered across the hillside. Raden dismounted his horse and instinctively found himself walking over to the nearest symbol on the ground. He touched it with his foot, and in it, he could feel a strange sensation. As if the symbol itself was alive, giving off energy of its own. He looked up towards the looming peaks above. The Prophet was right; I’ve found the trail. 
“This is the way. Let’s go. Leave the horses here, we’ve no time to waste,” he said.
As they continued upwards, the size of the markings began to dwarf them. Gigantic symbols, some he had seen before and some were new. If only he knew what they meant. If they were a literal warning to stay away, he was dangerously oblivious.
A sudden loud crackling sound startled them and sent the horses fleeing. The noise came from off in the distance, on the other side of the Voras Mountains. It sounded like thunder, but there was no rain, and no flashes of lightning. Another warning perhaps, telling them to stay away.
They made their way up the mountain pass when they saw a flash of movement. Quickly they took cover behind a large boulder.
“Crap, it’s a Vicedonian soldier,” Gama snapped. Oli began to growl softly. Gama patted her head, trying to calm her down. “Easy girl. We’re not jumping into battle just yet.”
“What’s the plan, Raden?” asked Kara as she slowly removed the sword from off her back.
“We follow him. Up there.” He pointed over to another hill overlooking the area where the soldier was standing below. “We can watch him undetected from there,” he whispered.
When the soldier turned his head the opposite way, they scampered over to the base of the other hill. One by one they crawled to the top, trying to minimize the sound of their movements. From this new vantage point, they could see the soldier down below, patrolling a small pathway that was blocked off with massive chains.
“So are we sneaking by him or putting him to sleep?” whispered Gama.
“We need to figure out a way to get by him undetected. I think if—” Raden’s words were cut short as he watched Kara maneuver her way down the hill.
“Umm… Kara’s already decided to handle it,” quipped Gama.
She was crawling, keeping low to the ground. The soldier looked suddenly to his left, freezing Kara in her path, but he didn’t see her. She made her way to a lower ledge, just above where he now stood. She looked at Raden, motioning for him to throw something to the right of the soldier. Raden grabbed a nearby stone and flashed it at her. She nodded in agreement and whispered. One. Two. Three. Raden threw the rock. It bounced off the ground with a loud snap. The soldier glanced over immediately. As he made his way over to investigate, Kara leapt off the ledge, landing behind him. She grabbed him by the neck and plunged her sword into his back. He squirmed for a bit. When he drew his last breath, Kara dropped him to the ground.
The three of them rejoined Kara down below. They hid the body behind a makeshift pile of stones, and laid more upon him in a crude attempt at concealment. They were in a hurry, and this would have to suffice. They ran past the chains and saw the path open up before them. A couple of doors were built into the hillside. Most of them were much too small for any person to fit into, perhaps meant to be windows for ventilation of some sort. There were two larger doors they could see, but in front of them stood two more Vicedonian soldiers.
“Why don’t you go and handle them, too, Kara?” asked Gama.
Kara gave Gama a stern look. “I would, except there’s no way for me to get the drop on them.”
Raden searched the area, looking for an alternate route where they could maneuver silently through, but none presented itself. “We need a distraction. We need to split them apart, to get at least one of them away from the door. It’s hard to tell if there are more guards watching from those window shafts, too.”
He stared at Kara. “Do you think you’re fast enough to take both of them out? If you kill one, but the other escapes, it’s over for us.”
Kara never took her eyes off of the two guards until Raden had spoken to her. She met his gaze, holding it for a long moment, before turning her attention back to the guards. She could never handle it when Raden stared at her too long. It was as if he was accessing every secret, every emotion within her. It both unnerved and exhilarated her. He was the only one who had that effect on her; if he knew it, she was unaware.
“No, I’m quick but I cannot guarantee it. It’s too much of a risk. Why don’t you go with me, Raden? The two of us could take them out together,” she suggested.
“No, it’s too dangerous. Who knows what kind of warning system they have in this place? They can’t know we’re here.”
“What about this one?” Gama pointed down to Oli whose ears perked up, ready to hear her orders.
“If we send her in as a distraction, they may just think her to be a wild animal. If Oli can get them to follow, she could give them a little surprise.” Oli wagged her tail in apparent agreement.
“You know, that’s actually a good plan, Gama.” Kara nodded at him, patting him on the shoulder. “Oli, try to get them to follow you over here. We’ll wait in ambush.”
“Alright, go ahead, Oli.” Gama placed her gently on the ground.
Oli jumped out from where they were hiding. She walked down the pathway right in plain view of the guards. Immediately they took notice. They watched Oli make her way towards them. She stopped to urinate, and continued on her way. When she got within a couple feet of them, she began to bark. The taller guard took the end of his spear and swatted at Oli. Oli jumped back, front legs spread out, rear high in the air, and tail sticking straight up, ready to fight.
“Look, the mutt wants to pick a fight with you,” the other stockier guard said. “We’ve had nothing to do for days now. Why don’t we see who can skewer it first? Maybe we’ll eat some barbeque dog tonight.” They chuckled at the proposition, eager to break up the monotony of the day. They lowered their spears, ready to pounce at Oli.
“This was a bad idea, Gama. We shouldn’t have sent her in.” Raden spoke with doubt in his voice.
“She’ll be fine, just keep watching,” Gama answered. His eyes glued to the happenings before him.
Oli started to leap left and right as the two guards jabbed at her with their spears. She was much too quick for them, and the sudden frustration on their faces was apparent.
“Mangy mutt, stay still so I can shaft ya!” blurted out the taller guard. The guard jumped into the air, leaping a good distance towards Oli, and drove his spear into the ground. Oli rolled out of the way just in time to see the spear puncture the ground beside her head. The guard was furious now. He continued his attack, piercing haphazardly at her. Oli backed up a good distance from the guard, barked at him, and started making her way back towards the group.
“Here he comes, be ready,” whispered Raden.
Oli came running towards them. The three of them readied their weapons. In any moment they would launch their ambush. Suddenly, Oli veered away from them, running off behind a hill in the wrong direction.
“What in the world is she doing?” Kara punched Gama in the lower back.
“I have no idea. Sometimes she doesn’t listen to me either,” he loudly whispered.
“Well, do we go help her or what?” Kara punched Gama again.
“Heads up,” Raden interrupted. The other guard was making his way down now.
“Nico! Where’d you go? Did you get him or what?” He started making his way closer to the group. The three of them looked at each other in understanding. They waited for the stockier guard to be within distance. They readied their weapons in anticipation. As he drew closer, the taller guard’s body came flying over the hilltop. He landed face down with a thud. The guard bent over to check on his comrade.
“Nico! What happened?” He rolled him over. The guard had three deep gashes that ran down the length of his neck and across his torso. His armor had been completely shredded. A deep growling could be heard from above. When the guard looked up, he saw a large wolf-like beast with red stains across her mouth and paws. He tried to turn and run, but Oli was too quick. She pounced on him, biting deep into his neck and ferociously twisting him like a rag doll. Within seconds, his neck had snapped as a loud crunch ended his struggling.
Oli let the guard go, and made her way over to the group. Slowly her body began to shrink, and once again she was her normal size. Gama picked her up, wiped some of the red stains away and put her back in his pouch.
“Told you she could do it.” Kara and Raden couldn’t argue. They grabbed the bodies and hid them in the shadows of the hill. Cautiously they approached the doors as night was beginning to fall. It seemed that nobody was present. No movements could be seen or heard. They crouched before the two large, ironclad doors. Gama tried pulling them open, but neither side would budge. “They’re locked tight,” he said, exasperated.
Kara glanced at the door, and then to the smaller shafts along the sides. She crawled over, put her arms on the shaft and slowly slid it open. The shaft was only about one square foot. She looked at Gama. “I’m sorry to ask this, but we’re going to need Oli again. She’s the only one that can fit.”
Gama took Oli out of the pouch. “You ready for round two, girl?” Oli wagged her tail. “I guess she is.”
“Go inside, and try to unlock that door, Oli.” Raden felt a little strange giving orders to an animal, but Oli had already proven herself.
Oli jumped into the shaft. They closed it shut and ran back towards the iron doors. Minutes felt like hours. They waited for an eternity it seemed, listening for any indication that the doors were unlocked, but still they heard nothing. The cool evening air had turned piercingly bitter. Hours passed and the darkness of night had shrouded them, hiding them in its shadow. Patiently they waited.
“What is taking her so long?” said Gama nervously.
Finally they heard a sound, but it wasn’t what they expected. It was the sound of an animal crying out in pain.



Chapter 25



It took the effort of both Kara and Raden to restrain Gama. Understandably, he wanted to call out for Oli. Use every ounce of strength in him to pry open the iron doors. But if he did, no doubt the commotion would bring more guards to their location.
Next to Raden, Oli was the closest thing Gama had to family. Unlike Raden, who still had warm memories of his parents before the massacre at Carhay, Gama had never known who his parents were. He had been moved from one orphanage to the next during his childhood, expelled for his rebellious and mischievous behavior. Not until befriending Raden in elementary school did Gama begin to settle down. Gama rarely ever spoke about his past, partly because he had no idea who his parents were, but more so because the abandonment he felt still lingered in his heart. Raden asked Gama once if he ever wanted to track down and find his biological parents. Gama responded by asking Raden if he wanted to hear a joke, completely ignoring the question. Raden figured perhaps that’s why Gama approached life with such humor. The thought of his parents abandoning him put him in a dark, angry place that he hated being in. Oli had helped to fill that void with her constant companionship. Gama would do anything to save her.
The whimpering rose steadily. Every cry felt like daggers piercing Gama’s heart. With one final yelp, the sound stopped. The three of them sat there in silence. Two of them not knowing what to say to comfort their friend, and the other in disbelief of what he had heard.
The sound of gears shifting and chains clanging together broke them from their grief. They watched as the doors shifted slightly outwards from the surrounding doorframe. A loud click and the doors cracked ajar. The three of them did not know what to expect. They should’ve armed themselves, but given the mental state they were in, they simply watched.
When the doors finally swung open, they could see Oli, transformed into Ripper again and standing above two large shadowy objects.
“She’s alive?” Kara couldn’t believe it. She thought Oli was as good as dead by the sound of things.
“Of course she is! Oli can take care of herself!” The joy in Gama’s voice was contagious. Raden found himself sighing in relief, thankful for Oli’s life, but also for the well being of his friend. Completing the mission with Gama in a state of depression would’ve been an arduous task.
Raden bent down to pat Oli on the head, as she shifted back to her smaller size. “If Oli’s alive, then what was the sound we heard?”
“Cerberus. Two of them.” Kara was picking at the two shadowy clumps on the ground. They all moved in closer for a look. Cerberus were three headed dogs the Vicedonians had in their arsenal. They were vicious hunters. Three times the size of a normal dog, they were extraordinarily difficult to kill in combat. Striking at one head left you open to the other two. Oli, though, seemed to have had no difficulty in nullifying not one, but two of these monsters.
Kara made her way to the crank nearby, turning it tightly to shut the doors. “This place must be crawling with these demon dogs. I realize it now. Those shafts outside aren’t windows, they’re doorways for these dogs. The Vicedonians use them as guardians, but they must also use them as messengers. At top speed, these dogs can outrun even the fastest horse on land. The mountains must be filled with passageways for these beasts to operate in.”
“If these tunnels are crawling with cerberus, we have to be extra careful. Even if they can’t see us, they’ll be able to smell us,” said Raden.
The doors shut tightly, and the group made their way down the passageway ahead. Inside was a labyrinth of tall and short tunnels. Three passages now stood before them.
“Which way do we go?” asked Gama. Oli barked softly. She ran over to the dead cerberus and sniffed. She sniffed the ground, looking for a match. When she found it, Oli took off into the center tunnel, and the rest of the group followed.
“She’s taking us in the same direction that the cerberus go. This tunnel must lead to the other side of the Voras Mountains, right?” asked Gama.
Kara shrugged her shoulders. “Doesn’t matter now; it’s our only lead.”
“These tunnels are tiny. I can barely fit. Don’t they have big fellas like me in Vicedonia?” Gama was hunched over, his head and shoulders hugging the top of the tunnel. His quads were already burning from having to squat slightly. Raden found it a little more manageable, while Kara had no problem whatsoever.
“These tunnels weren’t built to move soldiers. They were made so cerberus could move back and forth between headquarters and the front lines, delivering orders, messages, supplies, what have you.” 
They followed Oli for a while. She never lost track of the scent and kept them moving at a brisk pace. They hadn’t encountered anyone for an extended period of time, leaving them with an unsettling feeling. “Where is everyone?” asked Gama.
“I don’t know. Maybe they’ve all fled the area like the citizens at Kih Bayar,” suggested Kara.
“No, there were guards at the front entrance. They haven’t fled. They’re here, in these tunnels, with us… now.” Raden stopped in his tracks.
“What’re you talking about?” asked Gama.
Raden lowered his voice to a whisper. “Try not to panic, but they’ve been following us for a while. I noticed them about an hour ago. They’ve done a good job at concealing themselves. But the last time I turned back to check, I caught the faint glow of six red eyes disappearing into the dark. At least one cerberus has been trailing us, maybe more.”
“Oli would’ve known we were being followed.”
“No, she was too busy following their trail. Her nose is already full of their scent. She probably didn’t notice when they got close to us.”
Just then, something dashed across the tunnel ahead of them. Oli bared her teeth, and the group drew their weapons. Swoosh! It was behind them now. They were trapped in the tunnel with barely any room to maneuver. Swoosh! It was ahead of them again.
Oli and Gama covered one end while the other two watched the opposite side. That’s when Gama saw the eyes. Six red eyes shone brightly in the dark. He could hear the guttural growl of the cerberus as it inched closer. “I got one over here guys.”
“Well we’ve got two over here.” Gama glanced back to see twelve glowing eyes moving about in the dark. Like burning fireflies trying to escape into the night sky. “Aww man,” he muttered.
Oli’s growl echoed through the tunnel. She began with low rumblings, but it soon boomed loudly. Each bark deafening as it bounced off the tunnel walls. Still, she had not yet completely transformed into Ripper. It was an odd pairing to hear Ripper’s voice coming out of Oli’s smaller body.
“Why hasn’t she changed yet, Gama?” asked a panicked Kara. “We’re gonna need her help over here soon.”
“It isn’t that she doesn’t want to. She just can’t yet. Her last transformation was a little while ago, when she took out the cerberus at the door. She needs time to recover before doing it again. She’s trying to change. You can hear Ripper’s voice clawing its way out of her.”
“Well, I guess it’s a fair fight now. You’ve got a one on one.” Raden’s attempt at humor fell on deaf ears.
“Fair fight? It has three heads?” Gama bounced his axe back and forth between his hands. Ok Gama, game plan is to take two of the heads first, and then go for the heart. Oli growled again, reminding Gama of her presence. “I know girl, you’ve still got some fight in you, but you can’t transform. Stay safe, I’ll take care of this.” Oli hid behind a rock, watching Gama nervously.
The cerberus charged forward, teeth gnashing at the air, saliva spewing in every direction. It lunged at Gama. Gama raised his axe to block the attack. The left and right heads of the cerberus bit down hard on the axe handle. The force of the attack pushed Gama to the ground, bouncing his head off the top of the tunnel in the process. The middle head snapped at Gama’s face. Gama pulled his head back just in time. The cerberus’ teeth snapped loudly, inches from his face. He kicked the chest of the demon dog, causing the other two heads to let go of the axe. The cerberus backed up, readying to launch another attack. It lunged forward again. Gama swung his axe in anticipation, but whiffed completely. The enemy leapt off the wall, coming in strong against Gama’s left side. The dog was extraordinarily quick; Gama had no time to think, so instinct took over. He brought down his axe and drove it into the left dog’s head, slicing it completely off. The cerberus let out a terrifying howl, and jumped back to regain itself.
Gama did not wait for it to attack. He got up and launched his own offensive. He threw a small dagger at the enemy and followed it up with another swing of his axe. The center head caught the smaller dagger with its mouth, but the right head wasn’t so lucky. Gama chopped down on its neck. The swing wasn’t as clean, though, and Gama found his axe lodged into the neck of the beast. He tried to complete the cut, but it was stuck tightly, wedged deep into the bone. The center head dropped the dagger it was holding in its mouth, and snapped at Gama’s face. Gama let go of the axe in his hands and rolled backwards to safety. The beast was almost done for, the right head losing massive amounts of blood. The beast had become noticeably slower, too. Gama needed to finish it now while it was still dazed. He moved forward, grabbing the lodged axe handle again. The center head again tried to bite down on Gama. Instead, Gama timed the attack perfectly. He ducked low, and the cerberus chomped down on the nearly decapitated right head. The right head fell off, hitting the ground with a thud. The axe was now loose; Gama gripped it with both hands and swung it with all his might. The axe drove deep into the cerberus’ chest. The eyes of the remaining head rolled upwards, and the beast collapsed to the ground. “One down, or is it three?” Gama let out a huge sigh of relief.
Raden and Kara were having trouble dealing with their end of things. With six heads snapping at them ferociously, they were constantly on the defensive. The two cerberus seemed to be working in tandem, alternating with their attacks.
“At this rate, we’ll never finish this fight!” Kara shouted. Raden was preoccupied fending off his own attacker, but he needed to think fast. He was the leader of this mission, and it was his job to find them a way out. He suddenly realized that the noise behind him had ceased.
“Gama, are you still alive?” he shouted.
“Of course I’m alive! Thanks for the vote of confidence, Rad. I handled my end. You guys look like you’re having a bit of trouble over there.”
“That’s putting it mildly. We need your help, Gama.”
“There’s no more room, you guys take up the entire width of the tunnel. I’ll probably hit one of you by accident.”
It’s true, thought Raden. “Then we need to collapse the tunnel. Hammer away at the ceiling until it caves.”
“Won’t that trap you with the two dogs?” questioned Gama.
“We need to time it right. As soon as you feel the tunnel begin to give, we’ll haul ourselves over. Hopefully the ceiling will cave in behind us, trapping the two cerberus on the other side.”
“I don’t know, Rad… sounds too risky.”
“Just do it, Gama!”
Gama immediately began hammering at the ceiling. The dirt flowed down almost instantaneously. Soon it was pouring in. “We gotta go now, guys!”
Raden and Kara jumped through the collapsing dirt. Raden made it out safely, but a large clump of dirt landed on Kara’s back, pinning her tightly.
“I’m stuck!”
The dirt was falling fast, covering Kara’s head in a matter of seconds. Her hands were stretched forward, the only visible sign of her remaining. The tunnel was now three quarters filled with dirt, the two cerberus attacked from the remaining opening. Gama fended off the two by poking his axe at them, while Raden grabbed a hold of Kara’s hands and pulled with all his strength. The weight of the dirt was unbelievably heavy, grasping tightly onto her body. Raden feared he would break her arms if he pulled any harder. She was quickly losing air as well. He pulled hard again. Her body shifted slightly. The tunnel was almost blocked off now, and the two cerberus could be heard on the other side. Gama dropped his axe and helped Raden pull. Kara’s body began to shift. One final tug and Kara came flying out, her body drenched in dirt. She gasped for air, her lungs burning deeply. Raden wiped the dirt off her face. He cupped her face in his hands. “I’m so sorry. That was too risky. I… we almost lost you.”
Kara caught her breath. “It worked, Raden… it’s all that matters.”
Oli barked, reappearing from her ditch and reminding them that they needed to keep moving. She took off again as they trailed closely behind, the pace a bit slower now.
“That was too close; we can’t afford to encounter another group of them. We don’t have the energy to fend off another attack,” Raden said.
Kara had her arm wrapped around Raden’s shoulders. As he helped her walk, he held her tightly with his other arm. She may have been covered in dirt, but the feeling at that moment was something she would never forget.
“Thank you, Raden, for saving my life,” she whispered in his ear.
He didn’t look at her or say anything, but his arm tightened around her body. That was more than enough for Kara.
“Hey, what about me? I helped save your life too, ya know?”
Instinct and bad habits wanted her to say, shut up, Gama! I wasn’t talking to you! But she had felt humbled by her need for help. So instead she said, “Yes, thank you, Gama for saving my life. And you too, Oli.”
Oli paused for a second to bark what could only be interpreted as, you’re welcome while Gama grinned from ear to ear. “I never thought the day would come when Kara actually thanked someone. I mean besides lover boy over there.”
“Shut up, Gama,” both Raden and Kara had spoken at once. They all laughed a bit. It was a rare moment of levity on this mission so far. So full of death and dark omens, they had forgotten what joy and laughter had felt like. Except for Gama; he was always laughing at something, appropriate or not.
They walked for a bit longer, encountering nothing but the stillness of the tunnels. The tunnels began to transform from dark black to shades of grey. They could see an opening up ahead of them. Faded blues of morning mist greeted them welcomingly. They had spent the entire night making their way through the hills of the Voras Mountains. If not for Oli’s guidance, they would never have made it out alive.  
When they reached the opening, they could see the powerful force of Mother Nature at work. Roaring waters poured down the opposite side of the mountains, crashing into a beautiful lake below. They turned back to inside the cave. Immediately beneath them sat a shallow pool of water. Raden was hesitant to let go of Kara, but she released him instead. 
“I’m okay, go ahead,” she whispered softly. He was hesitant at first. Kara nodded approvingly before Raden agreed to release her. Raden stepped into the pool. The ground was steep. With every step he took he sank another foot. He was soon swimming in it.
“I’m going to see what’s underneath,” he said.
He dove down and disappeared for a while. Gama thought about comforting Kara with soft words of reassurance, but the look on her face revealed she didn’t want to be spoken to at the moment. Raden reemerged moments later. Kara’s shoulders drooped as her body relented with relief.
“There’s an opening underwater. I’m not sure how far it goes, but it looks to be the only way out from here.” He glanced over to the opening overlooking the waterfall. “Or we jump off the cliff and pray the fall doesn’t kill us.”
“Down the hole.” Both Kara and Gama spoke simultaneously. Oli sneezed. “I’ll take that as a yes, too.” They took the deepest breaths they could and dove down into the water. They could see the hole immediately. It was wide enough for Gama to fit, relieving his internal concerns about getting stuck and left behind. Raden led the way through the hole. It was a tunnel the cerberus must’ve used as well. To think that they could swim underwater was impressive. The tunnel veered downwards. As they descended further, the water seamed to increase in flow. Soon, they found themselves thrust downwards at high speeds. They must’ve traveled down a few hundred feet in mere seconds. Finally, they shot out into a pool of water, floating weightless for a moment. A muted silence filled their thoughts. Peace. This is what serenity must feel like. No sensation of oneself, no weight, no feeling. Just complete oneness with everything around you.
They drifted up and broke the surface of the lake. The world came rushing back into their bodies. Lungs filled with much needed air. Cold water had drenched them down to the bone. They looked around frantically, trying to gather a sense of where they were. They looked up and saw the cliff’s edge from which they had been staring down moments ago. They were now at the bottom of the lake. The waterfall was crashing down violently behind them. They hauled themselves up to some nearby rocks and lied still for a while. Faculties gathered as reality settled in again. They looked across the new lands before them. They could see a large Vicedonian encampment down below. Armies numbered in the thousands. Cerberus and other strange animals could be seen. They had finally made it into the heart of the Vicedonian base camp.
A sense of relief washed over them, knowing they had actually made it this far. They continued to survey the base, looking for entrances, doorways, and other escape routes by which they could sneak in. That’s when they noticed the armies below gathering in a circular formation. In the center stood a much larger figure. He had an aura about him, his skin glowing an electric blue. The glow began to emanate brighter and brighter. He raised his arms into the air and a gigantic boulder lifted itself off the ground. He threw his arms forward and the boulder flung itself across the field, smashing into the side of the mountains. When the smoke disappeared, Raden could see the charred markings of the Ancients scorched into the mountainside.
“It’s him,” spoke Raden hesitantly.
They had found him. He was real. It was the Candidate.



Chapter 26



The smell of early morning mist usually put Aric’s mind at peace. As a child, he enjoyed waking up early before dawn to tend to his pet doves, Castor and Pollux. He had discovered them just outside the castle walls, crying out for help. They had fallen from their mother’s nest, perched high above the castle turrets, and Aric had decided to take them in. Feeding and nourishing their small frames, he healed wounded wings, restoring hope to the newfound pets he grew to love and care for. This morning was different, though. Instead of a sense of calm, Aric’s thoughts were filled with anxious anticipation, and his heart rattled by the drumbeat of trepidation.
His father had decided it was time for Aric’s first hunt. Xander had already accompanied father on numerous hunts. Ever since he was eight, Xander had had the edge in experience and practice over Aric. But years had passed quickly and Aric was now eight. Time now called for him to make his first kill in the wild. He had practiced over and over again with Patros, the Master at Arms. In the armory he raised his spear above his head, steadied his aim, and launched it into the center of the wooden target. His aim had improved steadily throughout his practice sessions, and now the side of the wooden boar was notched to the point of unrecognizability. If he needed to, he could still hit the target while on horseback. He couldn’t quite hit the vital points, but he rationalized that if he could wound the animal, he could run afoot and finish the kill up close. Xander had brought back a trophy on his first outing, and there was no way Aric was going to fail his father.
The hunting party numbered but a few of King Maximus’ most trusted friends and advisors. Aric and Xander followed closely behind their father, flanking him to the left and right of his horse. Dontos and Constantine brought up the rear, followed by four soldiers from the Fifth Legion, the kingdom’s hunting and tracking unit. They cautiously made their way into the Vicedonian Forest surrounding Mount Syphax. Wild boars roamed the area, ferocious beasts that did not fear humans. Always eager for a fight, King Maximus felt them to be a worthy enough adversary. He fervently believed killing one would honor the passage into manhood for his sons. It was Aric’s turn to prove his worth, not only to his family, but also to himself.
Deep into the forest they tracked the boars. The hunting unit analyzed every broken branch, snapped twig, and muddy footprint. Soon they discovered a set of prints much larger than those belonging to an average boar. Aric was torn by the discovery. To kill a massive boar would impress his father mightily. However, at the same time, he would have to battle this monstrous beast to do so, something he knew he was not fully prepared for. But it was too late now; the prey had been found, the hunt was on, and he the appointed hunter.
They followed the tracks to a nearby creek where they found the boar devouring the bloody remains of a carcass. The boar was larger than Aric’s wildest nightmare. It stood nearly six feet tall, five feet wide from shoulder to shoulder, and easily weighed in at over five hundred pounds. Aric’s world seemed to go white for a moment. The doubt in him was beginning to take over, but he quickly shook it off, remembering his mission, and what he needed to accomplish this day. He would not be outdone by his older brother again. He could no longer be confined to live in Xander’s shadow.
“It is time, Aric. Time to become a man,” spoke the king.
Aric marched out slowly, separating himself from the group. He stared back at his father, who nodded approvingly. The simple gesture helped Aric to focus his mind. He slowed his heart rate and breathed in deeply. The boar, preoccupied by its meal, suddenly turned its giant head, glaring at the oncoming predator. Instead of fleeing, though, it turned its full attention towards Aric, its mouth dripping red from a recent kill. The beast hunched low, lowered its massive head to the ground, and prepared for an attack. Aric could no longer recognize who had become the prey in this scenario. Without realizing it, he had turned his horse around to search for a way out. Instinct told him to flee, turn and run as fast as he could, escape the situation and survive. He glanced back once more at his father, looking for another sign of reassurance, but instead found his father’s piercing eyes digging deep into him. He was already shaking his head, leaving Aric feeling unhinged. He could not tell whether it was a disapproving nod that suggested it was too late to run, or what Aric truly believed, that it was a show of how disappointed his father had always been of his youngest son.
The rest of the hunting party remained motionless; no words of encouragement or compassion were offered. Not a single look of support, or outstretched hand for an eight-year-old child faced with imminent death. Aric’s horse now sensed the trepidation of its rider, and began to lose control. It reared up onto its hind legs, neighing ferociously, kicking its front legs into the air. The boar snorted loudly, inducing more panic. Aric began to lose control of the reins, and felt his weight shifting backwards. He was about to fall off when Xander grabbed a hold of his back, planting him back firmly into the saddle. Xander clutched onto the reins, gripping them tightly in his left hand, while his right hand stroked the horse’s neck, calming the beast. In a matter of seconds, Xander had regained control of the situation.
He gripped Aric softly by his shoulder, and whispered into his ear. “Now’s the time to make father proud. You’ve practiced for months. I know you can do this. You know you can do this, Aric. Make us proud.” Xander trotted away and rejoined the hunting group, nodding his head at Aric.
Aric closed his eyes for a moment. Xander’s right, it is time. I know I can do this, for father, for myself. He turned towards the beast. It grunted loudly, as if mocking him for his moment of cowardice. The thought angered Aric, sending him into motion. He charged at it, the beast reacted in turn. Aric raised his spear, steadied his aim, and threw it with all the strength in his body. The spear pierced deep into the backside of the beast. It squealed loudly from the pain, but much to Aric’s dismay, it continued its charge without hesitation. Aric reached for the sword strapped to his belt, but the beast drove its tusk into the side of his horse, sending both rider and equine crashing to the ground. 
Aric landed flat on his back, knocking the wind out of him. He was struggling to catch his breath when he saw the beast barreling down on him again. He searched for his sword, a spear, any weapon at all. No steel was available so he grabbed the closest rock and hurled it. The rock collided with the beast’s face, blinding him momentarily. It lost its footing, and slid into the ground, kicking up dirt and leaves everywhere. Aric recognized the moment of opportunity before him. His breath had returned. He charged the fallen beast, climbed onto its back, and grabbed the spear that was still lodged tightly. He wrenched it free with all the strength he could muster. It finally unhinged itself, sending Aric reeling for a bit. 
He regained his footing, found his target’s heart, and drove the spear into it. The beast squealed and wailed, writhing violently. Aric jumped back and looked at the horror he had just inflicted. The beast somehow managed to get to its feet again, one final attempt at vengeance. It desperately charged at Aric, but Aric rolled out of the way. The beast continued charging in a straight line, now directly aimed at the hunting party. Everyone moved away to let the beast pass through, except King Maximus. He quickly dismounted his horse and squatted low with hands outstretched before him. The beast ducked its head, gaining speed before it collided with the king. The king was unfazed, refusing to move an inch. He grabbed each of the beast’s tusks and tossed the monster over to his left, twisting it in the air, flipping it upon its back. He looked over at Aric. “Kill it now!” he shouted. Aric ran over to the vulnerable beast, grabbed the spear stuck in its heart, and stabbed it viciously over and over again. The monster finally relented, slipping into permanent unconsciousness.
The hunt was over. He had finally done it. Elation permeated through Aric’s body and mind. He was overjoyed at his accomplishment. He ran towards his father, wanting to embrace him, to feel the love that a father exudes when he is proud of his son, but the look on his father’s face revealed something much different. It was a look of disappointment. 
“Gather your things, mount your horse; we return to the castle,” he commanded.
Aric’s heart broke. “Father! Is that all you have to say to me? I killed the beast! I’ve completed the ritual. I’ve done everything you’ve asked of me!” The anger in him was boiling over now. What else could he possibly give? What more could you demand of a child?
His father spoke without even looking at him. “You killed the beast because Xander kept you from running away, and I flipped it over so you could deliver the killing blow. It was a disgrace of a hunt. Xander killed his beast with a single stroke. You, on the other hand, performed exactly as I expected, Aric. You are average. And being average is not befitting of a prince of Vicedonia. You… will never be like Xander.”
The memory replayed over and over again in Aric’s head as they made their way out of the depths of the Dark Forest. After escaping battling armies of the dead in the underground tunnels, they followed the mountainside path out and down towards the open plains of nearby Raphia. They had reached the outlying borders of the Dark Forest, where the thick mist, foul smell, and blackened mud began to disappear. They marched for a full day and were now surrounded by lush trees, sparkling creeks, and wild animals. Life had returned. They had made it to the edge of Lake Raphia.
As Aric stared at Lake Raphia off on the horizon, the fear and confusion that had overcome him in the Dark Forest was now beginning to dissipate. In its place were renewed feelings of victory and conquest. He reminded himself why he had marched in the first place. He would be the deciding factor in this war. He would turn the tide in this moment here and now. The Battle of Lake Raphia would be won by his deeds alone. Deep down, he knew he had found another chance to prove his father wrong. He would defeat the legendary General Yagar. He had found another beast in the forest, and this time he would slay it without their help.



Chapter 27



The tall man watched hesitantly as the Third Unit poured into camp. The unit was mostly intact, and for that he was relieved. Of all the units that were sent to him as reinforcements, General Arges’ soldiers were the ones whom he hoped for the most. Their reputation on the battlefield was warranted, and he knew they would be of great assistance, going forward. He caught sight of the silver gleam of General Arges’ hair and watched him as he maneuvered around a ballista, speaking to those around him. Vicedonian soldiers greeted his arrival with praise, joy, and most of all hope. Perhaps the leadership back at headquarters had finally tired of sitting on their lacquered thrones, polishing their swords for a battle they did not intend to join. Whoever had convinced them to send reinforcements should be commended. The tall man made his way down from his tent, eager to greet his fellow general.
“Arges! Looking as pretty as ever, boy!” General Steropes spoke in that unique dialect that automatically gave away his familial heritage from the isle of Nys.
“Steropes.” They saluted each other, ‘V’ shaped hands covering their hearts, both comforted by one another’s presence on this battlefield. “You are looking as tall and gangly as ever. Do you ever stop growing, my friend?”
Arges himself was not short by any means, Steropes just happened to be six feet seven inches tall. As easily as you could spot Arges by his white hair, Steropes stood head and shoulders over most soldiers.
Steropes snickered at the question, but offered no immediate reply. They watched as more of the Krakens made their way into camp.
“Where is Captain Titan? I had heard he was with you as well?” asked Steropes.
“Yes, he is here. And how is it that you know of this information?”
Steropes glanced around him, as if about to delve into a more serious discussion, but instead offered, “Come general, let us catch up in private. You must be thirsty after such a long trip. Perhaps some wine will do you good.”
“Yes.” Arges looked around for a sign of Aric, but he had become lost in the shuffle of soldiers pouring in. “Let’s go… now.”
They made their way into the tent where Steropes poured Arges a tall glass of refreshing wine. Arges consumed the beverage greedily, not bothering to savor the taste.
“That has to be the most delicious cup of wine I’ve ever had.” He placed the cup down on the map of the battlefield in the center of the room. “So what of the news you have been receiving, Steropes?”
“Headquarters is in an uproar. King Maximus imprisoned a number of soldiers and servants he believed to have assisted Aric with his self-authorized mission. They knew his destination would be Lake Raphia, but did not know which route he would take to get here. Xander sent out riders to search the southern plains and northern hills, but found nothing. Nobody expected even Aric would risk taking the path of the Dark Forest.” Steropes took a sip from his cup of wine, swishing the liquid around in his mouth before swallowing.
“Why did you follow him, Arges? You had to have known he was lying about his orders.”
“Yes, I sensed that. But I also knew my men were withering away at that ridiculous outpost they ordered us to baby-sit. Wooden dummies with stuffed uniforms are not what my soldiers need. They need to fight. My prince came to me with an opportunity to make a difference at this battlefield. My countrymen were in need of help, and I saw a chance and took it.” Arges paused for a moment, examining the map again. His eyes veered upwards towards the Phalanx Mountains. “Besides, hidden in those hills—”
“Don’t tell me, Arges. You don’t intend on searching for the hidden power? Those are just wild rumors. Nobody has ever found it. You’ll be lost in those caves.”
“If it means winning this war for our people, Steropes, I dare risk it.”
Steropes could only smirk. “The mighty young general, willing to risk it all for his kingdom. The people adore you for your courage, but I’m telling you, it’s a fool’s errand. Those caves will become your grave, my friend.”
“I don’t see it that way. Besides, first things first, we have to win this battle before anything else can happen.”
“Don’t get me wrong, Arges. I’m grateful you and your Krakens are here. It’s only… your soldiers do not look the same as I remembered. Whatever happened to them in the Dark Forest has changed them. Can I still rely on them to perform as needed?”
“We lost many soldiers marching through there; several of my own, and every single one of Prince Aric’s Royal Guards, all twenty of them, including their captain. We marched through hell and came out the other side, somehow. My soldiers will be fine, Steropes, you needn’t worry about them. What you need to do is bring me up to speed on the situation here.”
Steropes walked over to the map on the table, taking a final swig of his wine before starting. “The field has been divided into three sections. We maintain the western coast, while the enemy has the eastern side. The third section is the lake, situated directly in the center of the field. Both sides have tried to use the lake to their own advantage by shuttling soldiers across it, but every attempt has ended in failure. The only way to move our soldiers to the enemy’s side is through the southern pass here.” Steropes pointed at a thin strip of land at the bottom of the map.
“This is where all of our battles have taken place. The area only allows for a limited number of men to fit across it at once. There isn’t any way for us to use our full force in this location. The enemy’s been having the same problem. Even General Yagar can’t figure this one out.”
The mention of Yagar’s name struck Arges like a ton of bricks.
“You scared, Arges?”
“I am. Admittedly. In the last Great War, he successfully defeated three other generals by himself at the Battle of Actium. The man is a legend of war. I only wish he was on our side.”
“Me too. Having to fight against him isn’t any joy at all. The man counters my every move, even before I make it.”
“Well, you have the Krakens with you now. We just need to keep Prince Aric out of the picture. He’ll only get in the way. Without him involved, we’ll make the difference in this battle, I swear to you.”
The curtain opened unexpectedly. “What is it that we are swearing upon now, my generals?” Aric walked into the tent and sat himself down in front of the map, pouring himself a cup of wine, and resting his feet up on the table. “So what is the battle plan for tomorrow’s attack?”



Chapter 28



Arges and Steropes stared at one another, unsure of how to proceed. The real plan was to suggest Prince Aric remain secured in the base camp until he could be escorted safely back to headquarters. By Vicedonian law though, Aric could overrule any decisions made by his generals given his royal pedigree. How were they supposed to protect their prince, while simultaneously command troops and battle the enemy themselves? The only other option was to grant Prince Aric his wish. Let him ride into battle, leading the charge of his army, eager to vanquish his enemies. It seemed like a preposterous notion at first, but as they stood there contemplating their response to Aric’s question, the idea manifested itself into the perfect solution. If Aric were to be harmed, his injury would galvanize the soldiers. Whether they were fond of him or not, he was still their prince, and they were sworn to defend him, particularly against the Renzai. Also, any soldier who killed the prince’s attacker would be elevated to hero status. The two generals nodded in silent agreement before revealing their strategy to Aric.
“My prince, we wanted to wait a few days before initiating our next offensive. General Arges’ soldiers are exhausted from their long march, and we still have preparations to make.”
“I do not care for such trivial details. When do we attack?” Aric asked, bluntly.
“In three days, my lord. We will attack at first light,” responded Steropes, forcing his words with a tint of kindness to not offend his prince.
“Too long and at the wrong time. We will strike tomorrow… under the cover of night. The enemy won’t expect it, and the darkness should work to our advantage.”
Arges glared at Aric. After all he had done to protect him from the Dark Forest, he still had the audacity to believe he was in charge. Arges bit his lip, holding back his true feelings and offered instead, “It wouldn’t be prudent to throw the men straight into battle. I know them well, and they are not ready to fight. They need their rest and time to prepare, in order to be at their optimal condition.”
“Prince Aric, you have not even heard the rest of the strategy. Won’t you hear us out before you make any final decisions?” Steropes had to restrain himself from striking the petulant child sitting before him.
Aric slouched deeper into his chair. “Fine, what’s the plan?”
Steropes maneuvered some of the pieces on the map. “There are three bridges that span the length of the lake running east to west. They are all spaced evenly out amongst the lake. Within the first few days of the battle, all three bridges were destroyed by heavy artillery. We, on the western side of the lake control the larger territory. The enemy, on the eastern side of the lake control less territory, but maintain the higher ground. We suffered heavy casualties at the onset of the battle. Even though we outnumbered them, we weren’t able to take control of their position. Boulders and flaming arrows rain down upon us every time we advance. Marching our men through the southern pass pushes them through a funnel, making them easy targets for the enemy.”
“What about the water? Is there no way to move men across the lake?” asked Aric.
“We sent out decoys on a wooden raft to see what would happen. As soon as they get within range of their archers, they’re dead. Besides, even if they managed to make it across the lake in one piece, they would have to then climb up the side of the cliff. It’s a dead end. It’s too risky.”
“And there’s no other way to infiltrate the enemy’s base?” Aric studied the map, focusing on the northern half. Steropes followed his eyes and interjected before Aric had any more bright ideas.
“The northern part of the lake is where the Phalanx Mountains are… where the Midas Caves are hidden. It is the reason we are here. If we were to win, the treasures found in those caves could help us build an army the world has never seen. But those caves are notoriously confusing. If we were to send a contingent through them, there is almost no chance that they would make it out the other side in time to flank the enemy. It’s just too risky. That’s why we are left with only the southern pass. The enemy knows it too, and that’s why we have been at an impasse for so long.”
Arges examined the drawing of the three bridges on the map. “Where did you say the bridges were broken?”
“Right about this point. The enemy blew these sections to bits with their catapults.”
“What kind of catapults do they use? Have you been able to see them?
“Yeah, they use traditional mangonel catapults.”
“And what kind of long range artillery do we have?
“Ballistae. What are you getting at, Arges?”
“If we were to situate our ballistae at these sections of the broken bridges.” Arges pointed to the western side of each damaged bridge. “We would be able to bombard their base camp while our infantry pushed through the southern pass below. If we could send them into disarray, it would give our soldiers a better chance of making it up the hill.”
“Good plan, except for the fact that it won’t work. Our ballistae have about the same range as their mangonels. We’ve already tried it, but both sides end up placing their heavy artillery just outside of each other’s range.”
“There is a way, Steropes. You can modify the ballistae to improve their range at the expense of accuracy. My soldiers have done it before. We’ll place the ballistae just out of reach of their catapults. Once the enemy begins their attack, it’ll give away their general positions. All we have to do is aim in that direction. The surrounding damage from each ballista will be enough to preoccupy them while our soldiers advance.”
“Sounds like a plan, if you can make these modifications, Arges,” Steropes rolled up the map and set it aside.
“And where am I to be during this attack?” asked Aric as he rose from his chair.
“Why, you are going to be at the vanguard of the attack, my lord. No better motivation for the soldiers than to see their prince leading the charge. You will do honor to your father the king, leading us into battle as he has done countless times before.” Arges watched for the prince’s reaction as his words began to settle in.
Aric’s hands began to tremble, he himself at first believing the cause to be fear. Did the Black of the Dark Forest linger within his soul? He searched his emotions and soon realized that that wasn’t the case at all. A smile appeared across his face. He wasn’t shaking from fear; rather, he was having trouble containing his excitement. He had been granted his wish. His dream realized, finally leading his men into an epic battle for the ages. It sounded so valiant in his mind. He could already picture himself, standing triumphant at the conclusion of this battle. General Yagar cowering, or perhaps even dead at his feet, the Vicedonian army cheering his name loudly, raising up their prince… their most beloved prince. Aric made his way towards the exit, paused at the curtains without turning around, and spoke.
“We attack in two days.”
With that he disappeared from the generals’ sight.



Chapter 29



Two days seemed to pass by in the blink of an eye. Every possible preparation was made. Ballistae fully armed, swords sharpened, shields reinforced, horses fed. Not knowing if they were to return this day or not, soldiers clothed themselves in their finest gear. If they were to die on the battlefield, they would die with dignity. Honor. Duty. Kingdom. They reminded themselves of their oaths.
Aric stared at himself in the mirror, his royal armor gleaming against the flickering candlelights in his tent. His silver armor with blue trim shimmered, polished to a shine without a hint of a scratch or dent. Only royal members were bestowed the honor of silver armor. The exclusivity of it made Aric’s feelings of privilege that much more intense. The remainder of the kingdom adorned themselves in the usual Vicedonian colors of blue and black. He caressed his shoulder and arm plates, feeling the smoothness of their surface with his fingertips. So clean, so nubile. His virgin armor had never seen battle. Not even during his practice sessions with Patros had he used this armor. He looked untouched, almost angelic. How he would look after the battle was no longer for him to decide. Aric was never one to fully commit to the Creator and the pantheon of gods that the rest of his countrymen swore to, but in this moment, he found himself kneeling, offering up a prayer.
“To the great family of gods who watch over us. I pray that you strengthen my body, my mind, and my soul for the battle at hand. Give us victory over those who would see us vanquished from this world. Steady my heart and my resolve. By the Creator and His family, I pray these prayers.”
He put on his helmet, three rows of jagged plumes jutted out from atop his crown, the center row bordered by two smaller ones, reminding him of dragon fins. He took one last look in the mirror, saw the boy who was leaving today and waiting for the man to come back. He exited the tent to meet up with his generals.
Aric felt the night sky pulsating with dark intent this evening. Steropes and Arges were down by the lake’s edge, pointing deliberately in various directions. Aric slowly made his way over. He stood by silently, waiting for them to take notice. It took them a bit of time before they finally acknowledged his presence.
Steropes bowed slightly. “My prince, your armor is… stunning. The mere sight of you will surely invigorate the troops this night.”
Aric could no longer decipher the sincerity of Steropes’ words. Every syllable out of his mouth seemed tainted. Aric felt the condescending nature of his tone, but no longer cared. He had more pressing concerns.
“Are all the preparations made, Arges?”
“Yes, my lord. Ballistae have been modified and tested. They average a longer range by about twenty feet. We’ve positioned them on the bridges as planned. The enemy did not seem to take notice, as no boulders or arrows were fired. The soldiers have gathered in formation down by the southern pass. My regiment is interspersed at even intervals throughout the army. We had originally planned for the Krakens to take up the vanguard, but if they were to be hit hard, we would lose too many of them at once. Also, before I forget, Titan has requested the honor of accompanying you at the head of the charge.”
The request brought a smile to Aric’s face. “Titan is a proud warrior, and I gladly accept. Where will the two of you be?”
“Alongside you, my lord, where our places should be,” spoke Steropes. Aric stared at him for a bit, unsure how to react. Steropes was an intimidating figure. Exceptionally tall and lanky, his mouth had been wounded in previous battles, leaving two scars running down the sides of his lips. He had been nicknamed The Puppet by many in the high council, and how well it suited him. His reputation for backhanded deals and conspiring to further his own ambition was well known. He had never been found guilty of any crimes of treason, but just one meeting with him and Aric knew he could never truly trust this man. He was a boastful man; although his feats in battle were well-deserving, he never seemed to let anyone forget, either. He was the son of King Maximus’ long time rival King Kreed of Nys. After the Vicedonian Conquest that united all of its neighboring territories into one mighty empire, King Maximus requested Steropes as his ward, to ensure King Kreed never dared rebel against him. Perhaps his life as a hostage to the Agiads twisted his soul into the conniving person he is today. Aric stared at Steropes’ serpentine eyes, pointy beard, and the two scars running down the sides of his mouth. Aric knew Steropes would not come to his aid in battle, despite his vehement declarations of loyalty and servitude. Aric turned to Arges whom he believed to have more of a connection to, especially since they had survived the Dark Forest together.
“I believe it is time, my generals.”
Arges nodded, while Steropes snickered. They mounted their horses and rode directly towards the front of the army. A squire brought Aric his horse. He mounted and followed suit. Soldiers stared at him as he rode through the ranks. The gleam of his armor turned aflame by the orange glow of torches. Titan was already waiting for them at the front, eager as ever for battle. The four lined themselves up, and turned around to face their army.
Steropes began. “On my command, the ballistae will begin their assault! We will begin our march up the hill to the enemy’s position. Their defensive line will be waiting for us, just like the last time. If General Arges is correct, our ballistae will have disrupted and damaged their catapults, leaving their defensive line without assistance. Our numbers should be able to push through their line now. We push hard and fast, my countrymen! Once we make it to the top, we destroy their entire army here and now. On this day we will be victorious! For Vicedonia! Honor! Duty! Kingdom!”
The army roared loudly from Steropes’ words. Cheers rang out in various directions, swords and axes clanging loudly against shields. The boisterous crowd finally began to settle down to a quiet hush, waiting for their prince to speak next. Aric stared at them, every eye fixated back at him, waiting in anticipation to be galvanized by another rousing speech about loyalty and honor. Aric’s instinct told him to simply turn around and begin the charge. Vicedonian soldiers already understood their duty. There was no reason to shower them with sweet declarations, but then he noticed Arges eyeing the crowd. He thought about how Arges would do whatever he could to help his army to victory, even if that meant a stirring speech to fan the flames of their warrior spirits.
Aric opened his mouth and the words came flowing out. “Soldiers of Vicedonia! Tonight is the night you have been waiting all your lives for. In this moment now, you have nothing to lose and everything to gain. Whether in victory or death, you will still find glory. You are part of the victory that will turn the tide of this war for Vicedonia forever. Your names would live on through the ages to come by the deeds you perform on this night. If you could be the one to slay General Yagar, your name will live on through eternity. Statues built, songs written and sung, children named after you.” He watched them carefully; they stared back attentively, hanging on to his every word. He felt the power he held over them in this moment, not because he was their prince, and they were forced to listen, but because they truly believed in what he was saying. He was beginning to understand now the power of Arges’ leadership. Soldiers battled harder not because it was their job, but because they believed fervently in their cause, and in their leaders. He unsheathed his sword, and lifted it high into the air. “For Vicedonia! Honor! Duty! Kingdom!”
The crowd broke out in a deafening roar. The impact of their will and determination was as tangible as the sword in his hand. He could feel their excitement. Aric’s horse could feel it too, neighing anxiously. Aric turned towards Steropes and nodded. Finally, this is my time.
Steropes signaled the archer to begin the bombardment. A fiery arrow soared into the night sky, falling into the lake and vanishing. The sounds of metal clanging against wood, and the vibrato of taught string filled the night with a cacophony of noise. The soundtrack to the evening’s activity energized the soldiers as they marched a little faster, a little stronger, and a little more determined. Soon, the battle cries began to sing out. Prayers for gods to give strength and victory filled the air. Aric gripped his sword tightly.
They could hear the explosions high above the hill as the ballistae found their targets. The attack was continuous, which meant the enemy was still unable to return fire. This bolstered their confidence as they made their approach against the enemy defensive line. The Renzai soldiers were ready and waiting for them. It was difficult to tell in the dark of night how many there were, but it seemed smaller than Steropes had remembered. Perhaps their casualty rate was more severe than he had anticipated. 
Steropes removed his double tipped spear from off his back, twirling it over his head with amazing agility. Arges unsheathed his twin falcatas, while Titan lifted his giant hammer into the air. The rest of the army braced for impact. Aric twisted his wrist back and forth, balancing the sword delicately in his hand. He focused on the first enemy soldier that caught his eye and swung at him. The armies collided; the sounds of steel, chaos, and pain filled the air. The Vicedonian army slowed to a crawl, but still managed to push forward. The Renzai armies did their best to stop the onslaught, but the Vicedonians were simply too much. The Renzai had sent up signal arrows requesting back up, but none had come. They looked back up the hill with utter confusion written across their faces.
Arges sliced his way through the line, never stopping to reset but flowing from one enemy to the next. His twin falcatas were in perpetual motion, always finding their targets. Two enemy soldiers attempted to double-team him; they flanked him from the left and right with spears aimed at his horse. As they attacked, Arges caught one spear in each of his falcatas and twirled them, pulling the spears out of their hands. He lifted the spears into the air, and crossed his arms across his chest sending each spear into the two enemy soldiers.
Steropes spun his double-ended spear in every direction, catching enemy soldiers one after another. They attempted to block his attacks, but only watched in horror as their blades shattered into pieces. The shock would only last a moment though, as Steropes used that opportunity to finish the deed. Aric found himself performing better than he imagined he would, sending his confidence soaring. All the practice with Patros had proven its worth as he sliced to his left and right, blocking and parrying attacks from both sides. He used his horse as a weapon too, remembering his lessons well. When the enemy soldiers got too close, he rose up and watched as the horse kicked its powerful legs forward, knocking them out cold. The Krakens earned their keep as they each eliminated two or three soldiers at a time. Steropes’ Fourth Unit was more numerous and also well trained, but still couldn’t compare. The Vicedonian army pushed forward, only stalling for a moment before regaining momentum.
Half of the enemy defensive line had fallen. In their panic, some began to flee into the surrounding woods. To Vicedonians, cowards did not deserve a proper death, so the Vicedonians fired arrows into their backs. As they collapsed to the ground, Vicedonian cavalry trampled over their panicked bodies. Unworthy of dying by Vicedonian blades, the last image they saw before meeting their ends was that of dirty horse hooves.
Only a few had begun to flee at first, but now the remainder of the defensive line had given up all hope and retreated into the woods. The Vicedonians killed as many as they could, but about a quarter of them still managed to escape. Without their weapons and so few in number, they posed no threat whatsoever. The brief victory resonated throughout the Vicedonian army sending up shouts of joy. The generals wasted no time as they raced up the hill to the main camp. They braced themselves for a more determined onslaught from their enemies this time. The ridge of the hill diminished slowly, and they could make out a row of enemy watchtowers rising up before them. They raised their shields and stooped low, waiting for the volley of arrows to come. They found themselves riding right past the towers and into the heart of the Renzai camp. The Vicedonian army poured in, row after row of soldiers and cavalry bewildered at what they saw.
Aric turned to his generals. “I don’t understand. What’s going on?” he asked, breathing heavily.
“I… I don’t know, my lord.” Arges’ face was just as stunned. Steropes searched desperately around him, looking for any semblance of understanding. He couldn’t make sense of it either. As the Vicedonian army stood in the Renzai base camp, they found themselves alone. The watchtowers were empty. The enemy was gone.



Chapter 30



“It really exists.” Kara was still in disbelief. The Candidate was both terrifying and mesmerizing at the same time. The power it held was beyond impressive; it truly was godlike. It wasn’t quite human, or quite animal, either. An imposing figure indeed, it appeared to be nearly eight feet tall. It wore a metal helmet, disguising its face underneath. Its arms were chained to a metal cage, most likely its prison or containment unit. It was clearly evident that even the Vicedonians were scared of its immense power. Soldiers closest to it stood at the ready with spears, axes, and morningstars in hand, but their body language told a different story. With knees shaking, they backed away at the slightest movement the Candidate made, and it was understandable. Its body glowed bright blue, almost as if it had captured lightning and consumed it whole.
“So that’s what a Candidate looks like,” said Gama, his tone full of both wonder and hesitation. “It’s… gigantic… and look at its body, it glows like something…heavenly. Did you see him toss that massive boulder like it was nothing? That can only be the power of a god.”
Raden’s eyes were transfixed, “They’re everywhere,” he whispered. The words seemed to slip out amidst his fascination with the Candidate.
“What’s everywhere?” Kara asked curiously. She stared out towards the happenings below, and could see no such things. She looked back at Raden with concern written across her face. “Raden… what are you talking abo—?”
“Look out!” Gama threw his arms tightly around his companions. Instinctively they all shut their eyes tight, while the deafening sound of a boulder smashing into the mountainside below them filled their ears. Debris rained down on them. They paused for a moment, unsure if another attack would follow, but none did. They opened their eyes to see dust and smoke obstructing their view. Slowly it dissipated, and beneath where they laid hidden in the brush, they could see how horrifically the mountain had been abused. Bruised, battered, and charred, the rocky ground had been smashed to bits, a massive crater tattooed into the earth.
“Do they know we’re here?” asked Kara, deep concern in her voice.
Off in the distance, the sound of another boulder crashing against the rocky surroundings caught their attention. They surveyed the activity below, but there seemed to be no movements made towards the foothills where they hid.
“I don’t think so,” Gama replied. “It looks like the Candidate is just exercising his godly muscles.”
“What should we do, Raden?” Kara glanced over at him, but noticed something strange about his behavior.
Gama had taken noticed as well. “Rad, what’s wrong?”
Raden was covering his eyes with his right hand. He could barely keep his eyes open, squinting hard as he looked out at the newly formed crater. A symbol of the Ancients glowed brightly before him, bombarding his vision with mysterious radiance.  
“It’s…”
“Tell me, Raden.” She grabbed him tightly by the wrist.
Raden found it difficult to focus on her words. The symbol pulled at him, captivating his attention. “It’s just…” but his voice began to trail off.
Gama lowered his voice to a comforting whisper. “Rad… what is it? You can tell us.”
The glow of the symbol began to dull, slowly fading away from view. Raden reached for his head, massaging his temples, trying hard to regain his composure. Raden finally looked at his companions. “There’s something I need to tell you.”
Kara, Gama, and even Oli stared at Raden with bewildered eyes.
“Something I didn’t mention about my meeting with the Prophet. Something about why he chose me for this mission.”
They weren’t quite sure how to respond, staring at each other perplexed at Raden’s words.
Kara finally broke the silence. “You said that he had a vision of you.”
“He did, but that wasn’t the only thing. He also told me that I was the only one who could complete this mission successfully, because of what I can… see.”
“What you can see?” asked Kara. “You’re not making any sense, Raden.”
It was too late to try and keep any more secrets. He was weary from trying to hide his visions anyways. He remembered how freeing it had felt to tell the truth to the Prophet. If he couldn’t share his secret with his closest friends, whom he trusted and loved, then whom could he tell? It was time to divulge the whole truth. “I have… visions. It started when I was young. After my parents… were killed, I began to see strange glowing patterns. Sometimes in a tree, or river, or mountain. I never knew what they meant, or why I could see them, and nobody else could. They appeared out of nowhere. I’d stare at them, trying to make sense of what they were, but they slowly faded away.”
Both Kara and Gama suddenly realized the same thing. Gama started first. “Your constant daydreaming. Teachers thought you were just absent-minded. Your mind was always wandering in class, or on the playground. I thought you were just thinking…”
“…about your parents,” Kara finished. “I never asked because I thought it was too painful for you to talk about. It didn’t seem right for me to pry.”
“I know. I know you guys cared. But I never wanted to burden you with my troubles. I never understood it myself, so I didn’t know how to explain it to you guys either. It wasn’t until my meeting with the Prophet that I better understood the significance of those markings.”
“What did he tell you, Raden?” asked Kara.
Raden shifted slightly. “He told me that these strange, glowing patterns that I was seeing were left behind by other Candidates. He had heard stories of supposed Candidates appearing throughout the history of Eos, and the common thread among them was these markings. Whatever they touched became marked, a sign of their godlike powers.”
“What happened to these other Candidates?” asked Gama.
“The Prophet said they were false Candidates. Corrupted by their power, they went insane, unable to handle God’s gift. Some died, while others were killed. None of them proved to be the savior from Prophecy Rock. But even these false Candidates are still powerful. The Prophet had heard rumors recently, and so he wanted me to track down this one.” Raden gestured back towards the beast.
“So… do you see markings out there, Rad?” asked Gama.
“Yes, the boulders he destroyed were littered with markings. Actually, I’ve been seeing these markings ever since Pyteria City.”
“Pyteria?” asked Kara curiously. She thought about the lead they had discovered there. “The man… with the burns.”
“Those weren’t burns, at least the way I saw them. His body was covered in the glowing patterns. The Prophet said that some believed these markings to be symbols. Symbols belonging to the Ancients.”
“Like the Draco Guardians at Sargatum?” asked Gama.
Raden nodded. “I also saw the symbols in Kih Bayar. They were everywhere. The foothills of the Voras Mountains were covered in them. That’s why I was so positive we were going the right direction. We’ve been following that thing’s trail this whole time.” Raden felt a great sense of relief to finally tell his closest friends the truth, but he still felt guilty about having kept it secret from them for so long.
Kara could immediately see the guilt on his face. Over the years, as their relationship grew, she had found it easier to read his emotions. Kara reached for Raden’s hand, gently squeezing it. She interlocked her fingers between his. She leaned in… and paused as she noticed Gama staring at them with wide eyes. “Turn around and cover your eyes, Gama.”
“But…”
“Just do it… and tell Oli to cover hers, too.”
“Fine.” Gama turned his head in the opposite direction and shut his eyes. “You better do it, too, Oli.”
Oli let out a slight whimper as she placed her small paws over her eyes.
Kara turned back towards Raden. “I understand, Raden. I understand why you didn’t tell us. Gama and I don’t have to live with such a burden like yours; it isn’t our place to judge. You did what you felt was right, trying to protect us. It’s okay, Raden. It really is.” She leaned in and kissed him tenderly, her soft lips massaging his as they held onto the moment, allowing it to linger.
Inside, Raden could feel the doubt and guilt begin to melt away, replaced by feelings of warmth and love. He knew he had brought the right people for this mission. Their lips gently parted as Raden stared deeply into her eyes. “Thank you for understanding, Kara.”
“Is it over yet?” asked Gama.
Raden turned around, “Yeah. And Gama… thanks for—”
“No worries, Rad. I know you had your reasons, and that’s fine with me. Just don’t kiss me or anything.”
Raden laughed at Gama’s humorous dismissal.
With a great burden beginning to lift off his shoulders, Raden felt renewed energy coursing through him. He turned his attention back towards the Candidate, his companions following suit, both sympathetic and supportive of their friend. As they continued their surveillance of the Candidate, they noticed something familiar about it. Kara couldn’t put her finger on what. She studied its body intensely. It wore no armor across its torso, but its legs were covered with animal hides. Its gloves and boots were fashioned from furs as well. Raden must’ve been thinking the same thing.
“It’s his clothes,” he said. “They look like… Gokstad armor. His fur pants and boots, the helmet is distinctly Gokstad as well, with overlaid metal across the eyes, and horns jutting out the sides. It’s definitely Gokstad gear.”
“So you’re saying that thing used to be a Gokstad?” asked Gama.
“That’s my assumption,” answered Raden.
“Man, to think that the Candidate would’ve been a Gokstad. Who’d thought that the case. I never—”
Kara covered Gama’s mouth, muffling his sentence. “Shhh… something’s happening.”
The Candidate levitated another boulder, but this time it turned its attention to the Vicedonian soldiers guarding it and heaved the massive rock at them. The soldiers leapt out of the way, narrowly missing being crushed. The Candidate roared, sending shockwaves out through the surrounding armies, forcing them down to their knees.
The three of them couldn’t hear what the soldiers were saying from their hiding spot, but it was clear that the Vicedonians had no control over it. The chains around its wrists, the metal cage nearby, the large contingent of armed guards; no, they may be in possession of it, but they were by no means in control of it. The Candidate tried to grab a nearby guard, but the chains restrained him, keeping him in place. Rather than giving up, it did the unthinkable. The guard began to levitate into the air, floating high above the ground. He dropped his spear and screamed for help, but it was too late. He flew towards the Candidate, unable to fend off the forceful gravitational pull of its power. The Candidate grabbed him by the arms and bit deep into him. It devoured him piece by piece, leaving nothing but bits of crumpled metal behind. Freshly fed, it swung its arm, slashing at the air, but the force of its swing toppled the first row of soldiers.
Some of the soldiers in charge were gesturing angrily towards the metal cage. They had lost control, and now it was time to cage the beast again. The soldiers encircled the beast holding specially designed spears with fiery blue tips, perhaps modified to tame it. They pushed it back slowly towards the metal prison. The beast hissed and roared at them, but perhaps their numbers were too many. It inched back step by step, finally backing its way into the cage. The soldiers quickly locked the cage from every side. Before the last lock could be put in place, the beast punched through the side of the cage, grabbing a soldier by the neck. It pulled him into the prison, devouring its second meal. The rest of the soldiers backed away, unsure of what to do. Even the captains had no clue. They watched helplessly as the sides of the cage tore apart from its hinges. The beast shredded the metal into tiny bits, lifting the shambles into the air and throwing them downwards at the Vicedonian guards. Some managed to block the attack with their shields, but others weren’t so fortunate, suffering puncture wounds in their legs and arms.
The beast seemed to be enjoying itself now, letting out a deep, coarse laugh from within. Despite its ferocious and bestial appearance and behavior, it proved to be more intelligent than even the Vicedonian soldiers credited it for. It had played them for fools, acting coy by entering into the cage, only to completely tear it apart from inside. It was toying with them, eager to feed and destroy. The Vicedonian soldiers backed away completely now as catapults were launched at the beast. Four giant boulders flew into the sky, capturing the beast within an amalgamated shadow. The beast stood still as the boulders began to descend. They rained down hard, cutting across the sky with growing momentum. The boulders were about to make impact, when they came to a complete and abrupt stop, inches away from the beast’s head. All four boulders floated aimlessly in the air, orbiting slowly as the beast contemplated its next move. With a push of its hand, the boulders shot right back into the directions they came from, destroying all four of the catapults that had tried to do the beast harm. Everywhere the beast attacked, Raden saw the symbols of the Ancients marking the ground. No wonder the people of Kih Bayar fled. Who could possibly stop such a monster? The child was right, God had come, and indeed, death had come with him.
The beast had managed to push the Vicedonian soldiers so far back that it basically stood alone in the center with a hundred foot radius about it. Nobody knew what to do.
“Looks like the Vicedonians bit off more than they could chew with that monster of theirs.” Gama chuckled before Kara shot him a serious stare.
“This isn’t time for jokes, Gama, we need to figure everything out about the Candidate while its here.”
Raden never took his eyes off the beast. “Their own army is terrified of it. How did they think they could possibly control such power?”
“That’s what they’re trying to figure out, Raden, is how to control it. If they do, they’ll have the ultimate weapon in their hands. The Renzai Empire isn’t any different. Isn’t that another reason why we’re here? It isn’t just for recon, now is it? If the Ministry of Transcendence could get their hands on the Candidate, then we could have the power to win this war.”
The thought never occurred to Raden, but he knew Kara was right. She was always right about topics like this. How she managed to read between the lines and ascertain the true meaning of things was something he always envied and adored about her.
The Vicedonian soldiers began to shift slightly. From the intruders’ hiding spot, the group could see a lone figure making his way through the file and ranks. He made his way into the circle, approaching the beast by himself.
“Is this guy insane?” asked Gama incredulously. “Didn’t he just see what the beast did to a bunch of soldiers a moment ago?”
The figure didn’t seem to hesitate whatsoever. It walked straight at the beast, hands open, trident still on his back. The beast prepared itself for another attack, but the lone figure never missed a step. A trident? Raden thought to himself. There was only one person in the Vicedonian army he knew that wielded a trident.
“It’s not just anyone, guys, it’s the commander of their Second Unit. He’s said to be the strongest of all four generals. That right there, is General Brontes.”



Chapter 31



General Brontes was a hero of the Second Great War. He alone had commanded forces throughout the Vicedonian theatre, while King Maximus and General Constantine were conquering new territories across the Great Sea in the New Lands. The Renzai had pushed hard into the southlands trying to gain ingress into the Vicedonian territories, but General Brontes had managed to fight them off at every incursion. His cunning and determination pushed him to begin his own offensive, forcing the Renzai armies back east past the River Fate. He attempted to push deeper into the heart of the Renzai Empire, but encountered too much resistance. He was too far away from his headquarters in the capital, and knew he couldn’t command effectively having his forces stretched out across the lands. He gave up on his decision to push further, and retreated back across the Hydas River. It was here that the current borders of both kingdoms came into existence, with the Disputed Lands remaining in between.
“He’s the one General Yagar doesn’t like to talk about?” Gama punched Kara in the arm at a not-so-subtle attempt to get her attention.
“Yeah. I’ve tried to ask him about what happened between them during that time, but he refuses to discuss it. I can’t even speculate on what it could be about.”
Gama chuckled. “Wow, to not even tell his own daughter. Must’ve been something heavy.”
Kara loved her father. He was everything a father could be. She had never known him to keep secrets from her, but something about Brontes struck the wrong chord within him, making him despondent at times, or angry at others. So she learned to never mention his name. Something inside her began to stir, she couldn’t help it, but she recognized the feeling. Hate. Hate for this man who had scarred her father so deeply. She resolved in that moment that she was going to make him pay.
“If I get the chance, I’m going to kill him.” She spoke with an iciness that both Gama and Raden had never heard before.
“That won’t be an easy task. The beast even seems intimidated by him.” Raden’s comment brought their attention back to the events unfolding before them.
The beast snarled and growled at Brontes, but he continued marching forward, unfazed. It was behaving like a wounded animal that had been cornered by its predator. Survival instinct had taken over. It lashed out violently. Tossing anything within its vicinity; metal wreckage from the mangled cage, broken chunks of rocks, discarded weapons from the Vicedonian guards, an endless assault of debris bombarded Brontes. The general still had not taken his trident off his back. He dodged, swayed, and rolled so quickly it shocked them as they watched. It wasn’t just his quick reflexes that made him a force to be reckoned with, it was something more. He had a presence about him, an aura that you could feel. Even while they hid in a bush high above the cliffs, watching in secret, they felt the air shift about them when he arrived. His presence was what the beast was reacting to, and it was terrified of Brontes.
Brontes came within a few feet of the beast now. Remaining completely still, he stared deep into its eyes. The beast saw within Brontes a coldness that it had never experienced before. Brontes’ glaring look indicated that he had seen, and perhaps even done, such horrific things in his life that even the power of a god could not faze him. The beast reacted by throwing a powerful punch, but Brontes caught the massive hand in the air. It tried again, but with the same result. Slowly, the beast’s body language began to shift. Its shoulders sagged, body hunched over, knees bent low to the ground. Soon, the beast had dropped to one knee, eyes downcast. It appeared to be crouching now.
No, it isn’t crouching… it’s kneeling, thought Raden.
The life escaped from their bodies. Gama, as usual, was the only one with an audible response. “You’re not killing anyone today, Kara. We’re in deep trouble.”
The Vicedonians had somehow done it. Through General Brontes, they controlled the Candidate, and with that, the possible demise of the Renzai Empire loomed ominously before them.
“We need to head back now, no more time to gather any more intelligence.” Raden was already preparing his equipment to leave.
“Wait… we still need to see what else the Candidate is capable of. We won’t get another chance like this, Raden.” Kara was almost pleading now for them to stay a bit longer, but Raden would have none of it.
“If we stay longer, we die. That, I know, is a fact. We’ve seen the Candidate. We’ve witnessed its incredible powers. We know what it is capable of. The mission is done. We need to get back and tell the Prophet everything.”
Gama chimed in. “I one hundred percent agree with Rad. I don’t want to fight either of those guys. Let’s get out of here, Kara.”
“But…”
Raden grabbed her by the arm. “Let it go, Kara! You can get your revenge some other time. We need to leave now! That’s an order!”
“You don’t have to tell me twice!” Gama pushed himself off the ground, but the ground beneath his right hand splintered apart, sending him and Oli tumbling down the mountainside.
Raden and Kara cringed as they watched them roll head over heels, Gama’s massive body gaining momentum as he tumbled wildly away from them. He would’ve cleared the entire mountainside, were it not for the fortuitous presence of rocky debris left behind by the smashed boulder. Gama dug his feet into the ground and reached for the rocks. He braced himself, pressing his body tightly against the coarse ground. He finally skidded to a halt, Oli still miraculously tucked in her pouch.
Raden and Kara were frozen in place. They had watched Gama come to a stop at the edge of the crater beneath where they hid. He turned back towards them and gave them a thumbs-up.
Kara was irate. “That idiot! How could he be so careless? The enemy must’ve noticed the dust clouds kicked up by his fall.”
Small cracks began to appear in the ground beneath Raden’s feet, splintering out slowly at first, but rapidly increasing in speed down the hillside. “It’s not his fault, Kara. The damage from the boulder earlier must’ve completely shaken the foundation beneath us. The ground was coming undone, and we didn’t even notice. We were too consumed by the Candidate.”
Kara stared down at the ground where she and Raden stood. Her face went white. “Oh no…”
The ground completely buckled, and before they knew it, a full-on landslide was sending them careening down the mountainside. Raden grabbed a hold of Kara, covering her with his body. Gama grabbed a hold of Oli as they rolled down the hillside. When they finally came to a stop, they found themselves staring at the sharp points of a dozen spears.
“Aww great. My bad, guys.” Oli’s ears folded down, as if to echo her master’s sentiment.
The Vicedonian soldiers took them away. They confiscated their weapons and led them directly into the open field where General Brontes was standing along with the Candidate.
“What do we have here? Renzai spies? You’re a long way from home.”
“We’ve seen everything, Brontes. Don’t fool yourself into thinking you can really control that thing.” Raden knew it was a lie, but he didn’t know what else to say. Kara, on the other hand, knew exactly what to say.
“I’m going to kill you, you bastard.” Kara spat at him.
Unfettered, Brontes wiped the spit from off his cheek. “And why would you want me dead, young lady? What have I ever done to you?”
“For my father, General Yagar.” Kara spat again, this time at Brontes’ feet.
Brontes stared at her face, examining it carefully. The recognition dawned on him.
“You must be, Shishi. Yagar’s precious little girl.” Brontes touched Kara’s chin softly, holding it between his fingers. Kara cringed from the touch, but more from the fact that he had called her Shishi. Her father had given her the nickname when she was a child. Only when they were alone would he refer to her as Shishi. Even now, she still adored the name. It always made her feel like she was five years old again, wrapping her little arms around her father’s massive shoulders. How General Brontes knew the name escaped her, but it filled her with even more resentment.
“It’s a shame we had to meet like this, Shishi.” Brontes turned towards the guards. “Take them away.”
The guards jabbed their spears into the prisoners’ backs, forcing them to walk. Raden wasn’t sure where the guards were leading them, but he knew he had to do something quick. We came so far. We completed the mission. We have to get back to headquarters and warn the Prophet. I can’t let it end like this. Not after everything we’ve been through.
Raden suddenly tripped and fell to the ground. The guard pointed his spear at Raden’s head. “Get up and keep walking, filth.”
Raden refused to move.
“I said get up!” The guard kicked Raden violently in his ribs.
Raden absorbed the kick, but managed to grab a hold of the guard’s foot. He swept the guard’s leg, sending him crashing to the ground. Raden picked up the spear and stabbed the guard nearest to Kara in the neck. “Run, Kara!” He pulled the spear out, turning towards Gama’s jailer. He pulled his arm back, ready to thrust the spear with all his might, when the blunt end of a sword connected with the back of his neck. Raden collapsed to his knees, his head throbbing in pain.
Gama and Kara were forced down to their knees as well; even Oli lowered her head in compliance now. The sharp end of objects pointed at them seemed to have multiplied in an instant.
Brontes, still looking at the Candidate, began to speak.
“These soldiers are from the Renzai Empire. They have been our sworn enemies for centuries now. They’ve conquered our lands, killed our soldiers, made slaves of our women and children. These faces—” Brontes grabbed a hold of Raden’s hair, lifting his face up. “This is the face of our enemy. Of your enemy.” He released Raden’s head and kicked Gama in the stomach. Gama fell forward, clutching at his gut in pain. “They cannot be allowed to live. If they do, they will harm me, harm you, harm all of us Vicedonians. They know nothing of mercy or grace. Hatred fills their hearts, just like this young one here.” Brontes nodded at Kara. “See how she wants to kill me, despite never meeting me before? She only wants me dead because I am Vicedonian. A savage, cruel, and narrow-minded people they are. I think we should do something about it, don’t you?”
The beast stood up, towering over the kneeling prisoners. It beat its fist against its chest, preparing itself for battle, Raden assumed.
“Put them in the pit. Let’s see how long they last against true power.”
The guards directed the prisoners towards a large pit nearby. Brontes grabbed a hold of Kara’s shoulder.
“Except this one. Hold her outside the pit. Let her watch her comrades try and survive against the power of God.”
“NOOOOO!” Kara shouted as the guards moved her towards the edge of the pit. 
Raden and Gama were thrown in. It was a large and deep opening in the ground covered in dirt. No weapons, no doors, nothing. The two of them looked around for an escape route, but found only dirt walls. Brontes bent down to pet Oli, but Oli snapped at him, muzzled pulled back, baring all her teeth.
Brontes laughed. “I know a changeling when I see one. Go join your friends you mutt.” Brontes kicked Oli into the pit below. Oli hit the ground, letting out a painful yelp. Gama ran over to check on her, but Oli had already begun to transform. In an instant, Ripper leaped out of the pit at Brontes, but the Candidate tackled her in midair, sending them both crashing into the rocky floor of the pit.
Brontes continued. “Let it begin. These are your enemies! Know them! Kill them!”
Brontes ordered the guards to throw down the confiscated weapons. “You might need these, although they won’t be of much help.”
Raden and Gama grabbed their weapons as the trio prepared themselves. The beast paced back and forth, no chains to restrict it now. It beat its chest again savagely before lunging at the three of them.
Kara screamed in horror as she watched the beast swipe at Gama’s head.



Chapter 32



The beast lunged forward, clawing at Gama’s head. Gama raised his axe into the air, ready to swing, but before he could, Ripper collided with the beast in midair. She bit deep into the beast’s neck, tearing at its flesh, reluctant to let go. They crashed into the wall, kicking up a cloud of dirt into the air around them. The two of them disappeared into the cloud of dust. Raden and Gama watched for any signs of movement. That’s when Ripper came flying out of the smoke. As nimble as ever, she landed against the wall with all four legs, ricocheting her body right back at the beast. This time, the beast was ready. It grabbed Ripper by the leg and threw her into Gama, knocking them both to the ground.
The beast directed its attention to Raden now. Never hesitant to engage in combat, it charged directly at him. Raden had both of his hands gripped tightly around his sword. He watched the movement of the beast, trying to predict where it was going to be next. The beast threw its arms forward, and Raden instinctively reacted. His sword cut deep into the beast’s forearm, causing it to let out a powerful cry of pain. With its free arm, it punched Raden violently in his chest, his entire body recoiling off the wall behind him.
Gama made his next move, but the beast was too quick for him. It pulled Raden’s sword out of its arm and sent it flying in Gama’s direction. Gama knocked the sword out of the air at the last second with his axe, sending the sword bouncing off in Raden’s vicinity. Gama swung low at the beast’s feet this time. It jumped into the air to dodge the attack. Always the resourceful duo, Ripper came flying out from behind Gama and caught the beast by its wounded arm. The beast howled in pain, but before it could grab Ripper again, Ripper released her grip, jumped back to Gama, and reset for the next attack.
Gama swung at its head this time, trying to go for the finishing blow. The beast ducked low, spun, and grabbed Gama by his leg, swinging him around before releasing him. Gama went flying across the pit, crashing loudly into the wall. Pain shot down his back as he collided into the heavy rock. The beast, preoccupied with Gama, did not notice Raden sneaking up behind it. Raden leapt onto its back, driving his sword deep into its neck. He let go, and watched the beast holler out in pain, but this time its reaction was unexpected.
The air began to shift in the pit. Dirt swirled counterclockwise around the beast, its skin now glowing a brighter blue than before. The atmosphere grew heavy; the weight of the force pushed down on the three of them as they struggled to stand. Not only that, but they could feel the gravitational pull of the beast as the air swirled faster and faster around it. Ripper was the first victim. The beast pulled at her. Ripper fought as hard as she could. She clung to the wall with her claws fully embedded, but it wasn’t enough. With a flick of the beast’s wrist, Ripper flew through the air and the beast hit her across the jaw with a powerful uppercut. Ripper was unconscious before she hit the floor.
“Ripper!” Gama called out. But his instinctual reaction only served to attract the beast’s attention. It drew Gama in next. Gama tried a last-ditch attack, swinging his axe wildly, hoping for it to somehow connect and end this madness. It didn’t work. The beast caught the axe in its hand. It twisted Gama’s arm, forcing him to drop the weapon. With his arm tucked behind his back, the beast cranked it all the way out, snapping Gama’s arm in two. It flung his broken body into the corner of the pit.
Kara couldn’t take it anymore. She cried uncontrollably, watching her comrades fall one by one to the power of the Candidate. But it was knowing that Raden was the only one remaining that seemed to break her spirit completely. The beast motioned for Raden to approach. Raden tried to resist, but soon found himself being sucked in towards the monster. The beast grabbed Raden by the head, its single hand palming him, squeezing tightly. Raden struggled to fight the vice grip, offering very little resistance. Kara’s heart began to sink. Was she going to stand by while Raden, the one man she loved, was being crushed to death before her? Was there anything in her power that she could do to prevent this? She had always been a fighter. Why did she suddenly decide to quit, when her friends, and Raden needed her the most?
No, I will not watch you kill him! Kara broke free of the guards detaining her. She kicked the guard in between the legs. With her hands cuffed together, she wrapped the chain around his neck, and tossed him over her head into another guard. A third guard swung at her. Kara used the opportunity to her advantage. The sword sliced through the chains, giving her back the use of her arms. She roundhouse kicked the sword out of his hands, plucking it out of the air, and jumped into the pit. Brontes stopped the guards from pursuit, watching with curiosity at how things would unfold.
Kara landed atop the beast’s back. She wrapped her legs around its neck, squeezing tightly while she thrust the sword into its left eye. The beast immediately let go of Raden, and its gravitational power began to dissipate. The beast reached for Kara, but she jumped out of the way, making her way towards Raden.
“Are you ok?” She grabbed a hold of his head tenderly.
“Yeah, I think I’m ok. That thing… its strength… incredible.”
“It is, but I just took out one of its eyes. I don’t know if we can kill it, but we now know we can blind it.”
Brontes watched as the beast flailed wildly about the pit. Unable to control the pain, it lashed out at invisible foes. The sight of such power acting so foolishly embarrassed him.
“Calm yourself!” he shouted. “The loss of an eye means nothing to you. You possess a power strong enough to destroy legions of soldiers! Refocus yourself!” The beast didn’t seem to hear any of the words. Brontes had to do something quickly. With his presence, he reached out to the beast, touching its mind. All the anger and pain began to subside as Brontes forcefully calmed the beast down.
“Now finish what you started. Kill him!”
The beast however, wanting revenge, darted towards Kara, knocking the sword out of her hand, grabbing her throat and driving her into the wall.
“KARA!” Raden picked up her fallen sword, and with a blade in each hand he drove them both into the beast’s ribcage. It roared loudly in pain, buckling its knees slightly.
“RELEASE HER!” But the beast did not. It struck Raden across the face, sending him flying backwards. Raden tried to get back to his feet, but something was wrong. The pain seared him like a hot coal. His left eye wouldn’t open. He reached for his face, and he could feel the blood gushing down it. The left side of his face was a mess. The gash seemed to run from above his eye, down across to his cheek. His other eye, soaked in tears from the pain, blurred his only available vision. He blinked multiple times, trying to clear his eyesight. He could see Gama and Ripper unconscious on the other side of the pit. He heard Kara’s cries for help nearby. He focused in and watched as the beast lifted her by the neck into the air. He had been in her position just moments ago before she saved him. Now it was his time to return the favor. He forced himself up to his feet and gripped the sword in his hand tightly. The weight of the steel felt like stone in his weakened state. With all the strength he had remaining, he raised his sword and charged.
The beast watched Raden curiously. A disjointed rumbling emanated from deep within it, mocking Raden for his feeble attempt at heroics. With his vision limited, Raden had trouble gauging the beast’s distance from him, his depth perception completely skewed. Acting on instinct and adrenaline, Raden threw himself at the beast. Believing he was in striking distance now, he reached back, ready to strike it down… when the unexpected happened. The beast’s lightning blue skin began to change. Symbols of the Ancients appeared across its body, emerging into focus, bright and iridescent. The sight of the symbols caught Raden off guard; he hesitated slightly in his attack. The beast seized the opportunity and kicked Raden ferociously in the chest; sending him flying back across the pit, blood spewing out of his mouth.
As Raden lay there, choking on his blood, the pain in his chest making it difficult to breathe, the world began to spin, and vertigo began to set in. He tried once more to get up, but the ground seemed to slip out from beneath him.
“Raden… help me…” Her muffled cries for help called out to him, urging him on.
“I’m coming, Kara…” But his body was failing him.
Brontes shouted down from above the pit. “She’s had enough! Let her go!” The beast appeared to relent. It slowly lowered Kara… but then it stopped. It stared up at Brontes questioningly. It looked back at Kara, as if it somehow knew there was a connection between the two. In that moment, time seemed to stop completely for Raden. He watched helplessly as the beast tightened its grip around Kara’s neck. Brontes screamed out for it to stop again, trying to force it to let go, but it was too late. The beast smashed Kara’s head into the ground. The earth buckled beneath the weight of the force.
“Kara…” Raden whispered. Her name, barely audible as it fell off his lips. Before the world closed in around him, and everything went dark, the last image he saw of her would haunt him forever. Her eyes opened but empty, lifeless, staring back at him, still calling for help. But it was too late. Kara was dead.



Chapter 33



“Everything’s gone.” Aric surveyed the empty base camp. Not a single tent or barrack remained. The watchtowers stood silent high above, watching them with ghostlike desolation. The only remnants were extinguished fires and dug out latrines. Craters from the ballistae attack pockmarked the ground. Titan checked the remains of one of the fires, smelling the blackened dirt between his fingertips.
He took a deep sniff. “Three days old at least… the bastards have run off.” Titan spat on the empty fire and kicked the unsuspecting soldier next to him out of frustration. “You’re all craven! Come back and fight!”
Arges slid both of his falcatas back into their sheaths. “Maybe they were low on forces and had to retreat. Since they had the higher ground, we wouldn’t have noticed any movement on their part.”
“Or perhaps they were suffering from illness. With a dwindling force like that, they realized there was no chance of surviving another attack. I bet they counted their blessings, tucked tail, and headed straight home.” Steropes’ attitude changed so suddenly. Moments ago he had been speechless, unsure of what to make of the desolate camp, but now he was almost gleeful. His attitude suggested that the victory was already won in his mind, and perhaps he was correct. They were the only remaining army at Lake Raphia, so by default they were, indeed, the victors.
Aric studied his surroundings. To the west stood the cliff’s edge, overlooking the city of Lake Raphia below. To the north were the Midas Caves, and to the east were the Wild Woods. They had come up the southern pass. The Renzai couldn’t have escaped north into the caves; it was too impractical to move such a large army through it. The only sensible escape route would be out east through the Wild Woods. Aric stared deep into the darkened trees. Three days time to empty an entire base camp wasn’t unheard of, even for an army of three thousand soldiers. But something still bothered him. Why would they abandon their position in the first place? What did they know that the Vicedonians did not?
Aric meandered over to the nearest watchtower. He climbed up the ladder to get a better vantage point of the mysterious scene below. From up top he could see the dim lighting of the Vicedonian base camp across the water, and the looming Midas Caves in the north. The Phalanx Mountains had been named so because of their resemblance to the Phalanx military formation utilized by the Vicedonian Kingdom. The mountaintops pressed closely against one another in tight formation, with the next mountain range peaking out intermittently between the first. The progression of mountaintops seemed to stretch out infinitely for miles. The southern pass was littered with dead bodies of the only apparent Renzai soldiers left to fight. He gazed eastward, scanning the tree line of the Wild Woods. The moon was full tonight, bathing everything with muted silvers and greys. The cry of a nighthawk pierced the shadowy sky, alerting everyone to its presence. Aric saw its sharpened silhouette soaring against the backdrop of the full moon. He lost himself for a moment, watching it fly, envious of its freedom. To simply fly away and escape from everything if it so desired. Much like his rescued birds Castor and Pollux. How he envied them at times. He watched the nighthawk flap its wings, gliding slowly back and forth. To and fro it went. Looping around. Back and forth? Something about its flight pattern struck Aric as odd and out of place. It then occurred to him that the nighthawk never flew out of the circular confines of the full moon. It wasn’t flying back and forth; it was circling. What was it circling? Or the better question was; whom was it circling? The severity of the situation dawned on him. Aric’s heart began to palpitate furiously. How could they be so stupid? He shouted down to the army below.
“Retreat now! It’s a trap! They’re hiding in the Wild Woods!”
But nobody moved. A chorus of questions broke out amongst the army, soldiers unsure whether to believe their prince. Aric could not understand their hesitation. Had they all lost complete respect for their prince? Especially now that he was trying to save them? It was unbelievable to him, but it was too late. The trap had been sprung.
To the north and south, giant trees slammed into the earth. They crashed angrily against the muddy ground, triggering a small earthquake, it seemed. Soldiers and horses lost their balance for a moment as the tree trunks piled up high. Before the Vicedonians could react, fiery daggers and arrows shot out of the woods, burying themselves into the fallen trees. Small sparks littered the trunks until an explosion of fire illuminated the night sky. Flames snapped at the cold air, engulfing the northern and southern sections of the camp, cutting off any possible escape routes.
That’s when they heard it, the Wild Woods revealing their true form. The woods screamed out angrily, piercing the ears and hearts of the Vicedonian army. The roaring grew louder and louder. Before they knew it, the Renzai army had crashed into them like a tidal wave. Streaming out of the forest was a river of soldiers. The strength of the Renzai force felt unreal. Aric watched from above as the Vicedonian army tried to brace for the impact, but found themselves being driven back towards the cliffs. He could see General Yagar in the rear of the attack, commanding troops. Even from this distance, General Yagar was an imposing figure; his golden hair covered his head like a mane. Atop his behemoth of a horse, he wielded a giant broadsword with six jagged edges stemming off the central blade. Aric’s resolve to defeat General Yagar in battle seemed to suddenly wane. He quickly shifted his attention. The Renzai soldiers on the outskirts of the deluge pushed the Vicedonians before them into the burning trees, scorching them alive. In agony, they tried to flee, but ended up clashing into their own comrades. The scene was chaos.
Steropes was closest to the scene and watched with hapless dread. He needed to act before it was too late. “Kill those men, now! Stab them and send them off the cliff!”
Soldiers were forced to make the impossible decision between saving their comrades or themselves. Listening to their pleas for help made it all the more gut wrenching as they chose to kill their comrades. Soldiers flew off the edge of the cliff, falling hundreds of feet to the rocky shore below, where their flames were finally extinguished by the lake’s watery embrace.
The prospect of victory worsened as Renzai Oni emerged from the woods. These giants were several times the size of normal soldiers, even dwarfing soldiers of Titan’s stature. They wielded giant clubs studded with metal spikes. They were the ones who cut down the trees for this ambush. It would’ve taken an army of regular men longer than three days to do the same. With a single swing of their cudgels, clumps of soldiers scattered across the battlefield, landing haphazardly in every direction. Some into the fire, some off the cliffs, and some seemed to simply vanish.
Arges counted three Oni, and knew he had to act right away or else. He galloped towards the nearest Oni, who had just moments before smashed a soldier with his bare hands, crumpling his armor into a ball like cheap tinfoil. The Oni caught Arges out of the corner of his eye and hurled the metal clump at him. Arges leapt forward, rolling to safety as the crumpled armored careened into the side of his horse, knocking it to the ground. Arges felt the air shift above him as the Oni raised his massive club. He had to time this next attack perfectly, or he was dead. The Oni brought down the club, shattering the ground beneath him as clumps of dirt and grass flung about. Before the Oni could raise his arm for another blow, Arges jumped onto the club, quickly making his way up the Oni’s arm like an ant crawling up a tree. He was at his shoulders now. The Oni swatted at him angrily. Arms flailing about, he slapped repeatedly at his own shoulders, but Arges was too fast for him. Arges grabbed a hold of the Oni’s hair and vaulted himself up atop his head. He drove both of his falcatas deep into a single point on the Oni’s crown. The Oni let out a great howl of pain, stumbling about blindly. Arges’ body swung violently, too, but he never let go of the falcatas. He finally regained his footing and flipped himself up into the air, releasing his weapons. As he came back down, he grabbed a hold of both of his blades. Whether it was from the momentum, or his pure strength alone, or possibly a combination of both, Arges pulled the blades down the center of the Oni’s body, splitting him in half. Arges landed on the ground and watched as the each half of the Oni collapsed before him.
Aric couldn’t believe how quickly everything had unraveled. From his place atop the watchtower, he could see everything unfolding. Some of the Vicedonian soldiers were standing their ground, the two generals and Titan were decimating everything in their paths, but the majority of the army was slowly being pushed back towards the cliff’s edge. An arrow whizzed by his face, reminding him that he was not impartial to the whims of the battle below. Had he forgotten that this battle was his doing? Was he prepared to be the catalyst of victory the way he had imagined it so many times in his mind? Fate was tired of waiting, and so Aric’s moment of truth had found him.
One of the two remaining Oni grabbed a hold of the watchtower where he was standing and ripped out a leg. The tower snapped apart as it teetered unevenly forward. The Oni, impatient for its next kill, ripped out another leg. The watchtower careened towards the ground. Aric tried to grab a hold of something, but fate offered no favors this time. The watchtower crashed into the ground, disintegrating into bits of rubble. Aric found himself choking on the dust and smoke created from the impact. Before the air cleared, a massive hand yanked him off the ground. Aric found himself face to face with the giant Oni. The Oni snorted on him, covering Aric with foul smelling mucus. It opened its mouth, ready to chomp down on Aric’s head. Before it managed to decapitate him, Aric pulled out a small dagger hidden in his forearm and stabbed the Oni in the mouth. It let out a howl of pain, but still did not let go; instead, it tightened its grip. Aric could no longer breath, losing all his strength from the sudden lack of oxygen; he dropped the small blade to the ground. The Oni tried again to eat Aric, and this time he had no answer. He closed his eyes tightly when the Oni’s grip suddenly loosened, dropping Aric to the floor. Aric looked up to see Titan pulling the sharpened end of his hammer out of the Oni’s foot.
“General Arges thinks he can outdo me, eh? I’ll take down two Oni myself!”
The Oni moved quicker than Titan had anticipated, it grabbed a hold of him with both its hands, squeezing the life out of him. Aric wanted to do something… no, he felt he needed to return the favor. He picked up his blade and drove it deep into the Oni’s leg. It immediately released Titan and collapsed to one knee. Titan picked up his hammer and hurled it at the Oni’s face. It landed with a loud thud, lodging itself right between the Oni’s eyes. The giant rolled over to its side, twitching until the life faded away.
Two Oni had been killed and pockets of soldiers here and there were standing their ground, but as a whole the Vicedonian army was still being pushed further back towards the edge. Steropes knew he needed to switch tactics. He rallied his men around him in the center of the battlefield, ordering them into Phoenix Formation.
He scanned the field for Arges and found him twenty yards away. “Arges! Phoenix Formation! Your division will make up the point! We need to divide their forces in half!”
Arges nodded in agreement. He raced towards Steropes calling out, “Krakens! Phoenix Formation on me!”
Without question, the Krakens fell instantly into place. They organized themselves into a tip of an arrow. Steropes Fourth Unit lined up behind them, making up the body of the formation. From above, the Phoenix Formation appeared as a long narrow triangle. They began pushing forward, wedging themselves between the throngs of Renzai soldiers. The Krakens’ strength was apparent as they cleaved a way through the ranks. The formation had now divided the battlefield into two separate halves.
Steropes continued the next phase of the assault. “I’ll push them north into the fire! Arges, you push your half south! We’ll make them burn in their own ambush!”
The tactical change seemed to work immediately. The Renzai soldiers were being pushed up against the blazing fires now. The Vicedonian lines began to shift slightly towards the cliff. The idea was to push the enemies against the fire and flush them out towards the edge. When all was said and done, the Vicedonians would’ve switched places with the Renzai.
Rather than burning to death, Renzai soldiers began to clump around the edge of the cliff. The Vicedonians, ecstatic at the role reversal pushed hard to send their enemies flying. Renzai soldiers began to lose their footing and could be heard wailing as they crashed into the rocky ground below.
“Push them back! We can end this now! Victory is ours!” Steropes shouted.
Arges’ line was still maneuvering into position. The Third Unit wasn’t so eager to allow a chance for vengeance to escape them so easily. They kicked, prodded, stabbed, and tossed Renzai soldiers into the raging fires. Some seemed to melt away while others tried to run, only to be kicked back into the blazing fire. The flames burned hotter, shooting up higher into the night sky as the Renzai soldiers provided excess fuel. Flames flickered and danced, whipping in and out. The searing heat emanating from the fire was so fierce, it literally cooked everything within its vicinity. The shadows cast from the fire moved in and out, to and fro, mesmerizing the Krakens. The dancing shadows seemed to call out to them, wanting something from them. Gloom began to creep into their minds, and darkness into their hearts.
“Keep moving the formation outwards! Keep moving!” Arges shouted his orders, but they seemed to suddenly fall upon deaf ears. His Krakens remained completely motionless now, Renzai soldiers escaping right past them untouched. They appeared lifeless, staring blankly into the fire. What is going on? Arges grabbed a hold of the nearest soldier and turned him around. The face was all too familiar. It wasn’t the face of one of his soldiers he was staring at, but rather, flashbacks of Captain Izik and the Dark Forest raced through his mind. His beloved Krakens had never truly survived the march. They were one with the darkness now. He watched in horror as the soldier grabbed him by the head and bit deep into his neck.



Chapter 34



Pain. The pain was excruciating, his neck burning from the unexpected attack. Arges stabbed the possessed soldier in the stomach, hoping he would release his grip. He did not. Arges drove the falcata deeper now, twisting it in circles. The soldier groaned at the wound, finally releasing his mouth from Arges’ neck. Arges backpedaled to safety, grabbing at his throat, the blood gushed out profusely. He was losing blood quickly, and at this rate he would not last much longer.
The rest of the Third Unit had completely transformed by now. Their faces a ghastly pale white, eyes bloodshot red, and their mouths protruding forward with massive fangs. They moved exceptionally quickly, some even galloping on all fours. Leaping about off the trees, attacking anything that stood in their way. Renzai and Vicedonian soldiers suddenly found themselves fighting against a common enemy. Their possessed forms were too strong for any soldier from any army to defeat. Some soldiers decided to deliver themselves to their respective gods on a one-way trip off the cliff. It was a cleaner and quicker death, preferable to being eaten alive.
Steropes watched as the imminent Vicedonian victory slipped away into a sea of chaos. Nobody stood a chance against these possessed soldiers. Even the last remaining Oni was easily defeated as four Krakens swarmed him in a matter of seconds. His Fourth Unit was dropping one by one. They were so close to ending this battle, he could taste the victory, but now he needed to refocus on mere survival.
He made a mad dash for the Wild Woods, hoping the darkness would camouflage him from the crazed enemy. He was almost at the edge of the woods when something caught his leg and threw him to the ground. He turned back to see a possessed soldier standing over him. It grabbed him with two hands, lifting him high into the air. Steropes had never encountered such an enemy before. But it didn’t matter; he told himself he would not die today.
“You will not be the end of me, demon.” Steropes kicked the soldier in the face, forcing him to release his grip. Steropes spun his double-ended spear into the air, slicing out the enemy’s legs, followed by a slash across the chest, and ending it by sending the soldier’s head off into the distance.
“You die just like every other foe I’ve faced before. Possessed or not.” But Steropes spoke too soon. Three more soldiers had now surrounded him. They launched their attack immediately. Steropes slashed one out of the air; he spun quickly, unleashing an arrow from the crossbow on his forearm into the second soldier. The arrow pierced through the soldier’s neck, sending him to the ground. In that brief moment, Steropes had lost track of the third soldier. Suddenly, he heard the clashing of steel behind him.
“You need to watch your back at all times, Steropes. First lesson of the academy, or did you forget?” Arges disemboweled the soldier, turned around, and offered Steropes a hand.
“I owe you one, Arges.” Steropes caught sight of the wound on his neck.
Arges brushed it off. “It looks worse than it is. Burns, more than anything.”
“I knew it. Your unit didn’t look right coming out of the Dark Forest.”
“I know.” Arges lamented. “I thought they would’ve recovered by now, but the experience was too much, even for them. Mentally, they never truly left that place. It was only a matter of time.”
“Must be torture to have to kill your own men.”
“It would be, but these are not my men anymore.”
Their conversation was cut short as a burning tree crashed violently to their right. Fires were blazing everywhere now. The possessed soldiers tossed torches haphazardly about the battlefield. The sounds of arrows cutting through the air prompted them to move quickly. A horde of possessed soldiers gave chase, quickly catching up to them and blocking them off. The two generals stood back-to-back, weapons at the ready, prepared for, perhaps, their final battle.
After helping Titan kill the Oni, Aric had remained within the debris of the watchtower. The battlefield was more frightening than he could’ve imagined. It always sounded so heroic to him as a child, listening to his father tell tales of his many victories during the Second Great War. Fighting alongside General Constantine, they were an unstoppable pair. Aric even envied the many scars his father had. The one across his cheek, especially. It made his father seem so strong, so heroic to have such a battle wound. Aric was ever eager to show off his own someday. But the day had finally come, and he was terrified.
More than the sights and sounds, it was the stench. He couldn’t have imagined the stench would be this foul. He gagged as he watched soldiers being killed, their flesh burning in the raging fires, the fumes shooting straight up his nostrils. The filth of the Oni still covered him in a wet, slimy substance. All of his senses were bombarded by the overwhelming nature of actual battle. He gazed across the battlefield, frozen by the chaos he was witnessing, his mind becoming paralyzed by doubt. He was beginning to give into the fear again, but that’s when he saw his generals in action.
He could see Arges and Steropes fending off a swarm of enemies. Still holding their ground, he marveled at their fighting prowess. They worked in tandem, as a single unit finishing off one opponent after another. He could see Titan fending off a group of possessed soldiers by himself, driven by sheer strength and determination. Aric’s focus and resolve began to grow within him again. He imagined his father on this battlefield, defeating his enemies, regardless of the seemingly insurmountable odds. All of these men are true leaders, he thought. He now understood why Vicedonian troops followed them so willingly. Their strength provided courage, from their words sprang inspiration, and their unselfish willingness to risk death for the Vicedonian Kingdom fostered undying loyalty. Everywhere he looked, he saw Vicedonian troops battling courageously to the bitter end. Am I truly prepared to do the same? Am I ready to do what is needed of a prince of Vicedonia? It was time to finally prove to his father, his people, and most importantly to himself, that he was worthy of all the recognition and acclaim he so longed to hear.
Aric continued to watch the Krakens decimate the battlefield. He was the reason they had become possessed in the first place. Captain Izik tried to kill him back in the Dark Forest, and now the entire unit wanted to have their turn, but Aric refused to let the thought shake his resolve to fight. He was proud that he had helped Titan kill an Oni. An Oni of all things he told himself. The tales to be told comforted him a bit. Aric made his way out of the debris of the watchtower when shouts of pain rang out to his left.
Aric turned to see a group of Vicedonian soldiers teetering by the cliff’s edge. A possessed Kraken had cornered them, raising a burning log high over his head, ready to send them plummeting to their deaths. Aric picked up a sword and shield from off the ground and charged.
The demon paused for a moment, sniffed the air, as if reconsidering his target. He turned around to see Aric barreling down towards him. The soldier was about to hurl the burning log at Aric, when Aric unleashed a powerful slash across the demon’s chest. The possessed Kraken dropped the burning log on himself, smashing loudly into the ground.
“Run!” Aric shouted at the soldiers.
The troops fled immediately. They seemed to thank him with their eyes as they ran away. Proud of his actions, Aric turned his attention back to the demon soldier he had defeated.
Aric’s face immediately filled with pain. The soldier’s powerful strike sent him soaring twenty yards across the field. Aric skidded to a stop within a few feet of the cliff.
“Time to die, my prince,” a gurgled voice called out to him.
When Aric turned around, he saw the demon soldier already at his feet, inching his way towards him. One step at a time, he pushed Aric right up to the edge of the cliff. The wind howled in his ears, the crashing waves below calling for him to jump, just as numerous soldiers had done before. Aric stood up, heels dangling dangerously close to the edge. On the brink of death, his resolve to fight began to unhinge. He had nowhere to go. There were no options by which he could devise a plan to survive this ordeal. His time had simply run out. Fate had given him the opportunity to become a hero, and Aric had failed… again. He had come to Lake Raphia to conquer, to be the catalyst of change for the Vicedonian Kingdom, but now he stood at death’s door, victory as distant as his father’s love. He felt his emotions shatter within him. Piece by piece he came undone, unable to cope with his failure. Instinct took over, and Aric found himself pleading for his life.
“Don’t kill me! I’ll give you anything you want. I’m a prince of Vicedonia, name it… it’s yours! Please!”
“Can you give me my life back?” The soldier asked him.
Aric was dumbfounded. All the begging in the world could not give him back what he asked.
“No, Prince Aric. You cannot undo what you’ve already done to me. But there is one thing you can give me.”
“Name it and it’s yours!”
“Your life!” The soldier was fast. He slashed Aric across the face, gashing him deeply across the bridge of his nose. He grabbed Aric by the throat and held him over the edge.
“Say goodbye to this world, Prince Ar—”
Aric stared as a sword plunged through the soldier’s chest, forcing him to release his grip. As Aric began to fall, something unexpected caught his arm. Aric looked up and found himself staring at his brother’s face.
“You need to be more careful, little brother. Vicedonia still needs you.”



Chapter 35



“Xander?” Aric could not believe his eyes. He must be hallucinating; perhaps he had fallen off the cliff and had moved on to the afterlife. This simply did not make sense.
“Relax, little brother, I’ve got you.” Xander lifted him back onto solid ground. Aric dropped to his knees, clutching the few clumps of grass beneath him. Never had the cold comfort of dirt and rocks filled him with such joy. He rose to his feet to witness the unfathomable. Swarms of Vicedonian soldiers were pouring in from the southern pass. The Krakens proved no match for the sheer number of fresh Vicedonian troops. One by one, they were cut down, screaming in their final moments, an excruciating sound that signaled both considerable pain and release. A release from the torment brought on by the sickness of the Dark Forest. The extent to which they had become infected was unimaginable. Had Aric known it would end this way, he never would’ve ordered them to march through it. His brashness and impatience had now sacrificed to the Creator the Vicedonian army’s most battle hardened fighting force.
Aric was still bewildered by the current happenings. “How did you find us, Xander?”
“When father heard of your undisclosed departure, he sent me to find you. We already knew your destination. You disappeared shortly after our meeting with the war council. If you had just been patient, we could’ve charged into this battle together.”
Aric looked down at his feet, unable to meet Xander’s eyes. Shame was a difficult emotion to mask.
“But you were right, Aric, possessing Lake Raphia is essential in this war, and without it we can’t afford to march against the Renzai capital. If I was marching this way anyway, it made sense to bring fresh reinforcements for the battle at hand. We thought we were close on your trail… until it disappeared into the Dark Forest.”
Aric stood there silent. The gravity of his error weighed heavily upon his heart. The pressure upon his shoulders too heavy a burden of guilt. He had nothing to say, no words of remorse would turn back what had already been done.
“I still can’t believe you marched through that place and survived. We marched around the Dark Forest, beneath the shadows of the Phalanx Mountains and made it to Lake Raphia just in time apparently.”
Xander could tell his little brother was hurting. Ever since they were young, Xander wanted to protect Aric from harm. Aric was young, impudent, and brash, but Xander always made room for him in his heart, forgiveness never a long way off. A part of him couldn’t help but feel guilty, too. Father constantly compared Aric to him, always criticizing his faults and seldom acknowledging his accomplishments. It must’ve been hard growing up in Xander’s shadow. Even the severity of Aric’s current mistake could not truly rile the anger of his older brother.
Xander gestured towards a dead Kraken. “What happened to them… in there?”
Aric tried to find the right words to explain. How every fear had become a reality, how the ghosts of the past had never moved on, but remained chained to this world in an endless cycle of torment. How the terrors possessed your very soul, infecting you with the symptoms of dread and doubt. How he almost died at the hands of Captain Izik, his own Royal Guard. All of this, Aric tried to put into words to explain to his older brother. But the words never came. He just stood there shaking his head. 
“Well, it doesn’t even matter anymore, Aric. What’s done is done.” The brothers watched as General Yagar, atop his giant red horse ordered the remnants of the Renzai force to retreat. They fled into the safety of the Wild Woods, running off into the early morning light, disappearing from their sight. The last of the Third Unit had been killed. The tentacles of the Kraken sliced off, and the body sent back to the bottom of the sea. A quiet peace echoed across the battlefield. The silence was deafening. Bodies littered the field, piling up in heaps left and right. The fires still burned on the northern pass. The southern pass had been destroyed and flames put out when Xander arrived with reinforcements. The Vicedonians had won. They now possessed one of the greatest resources in the Disputed Lands, but at such costly a price.
“We need to get this place organized and fortified. Come, brother, let’s waste no more time.” The two princes marched towards the center of the battlefield. Xander quickly took charge and barked out orders.
“Pile up the bodies of the Third Unit by the northern fires. Those bodies need to be incinerated. Vicedonian bodies are to be piled over by the southern pass. We will build a funeral pyre for all of them, sending them on to the Creator with all due ritual and respect. Renzai soldiers are to be piled up by the cliff’s edge. We’ll burn them and scatter their ashes into the lake.”
“But they were our enemy, Xander, we should feed their carcasses to the wild animals. Why should they deserve any of our respect?” asked Aric.
“Because they proved a worthy adversary, Aric. Even in battle, you still can maintain a level of respect and honor. They fight for their nation, their homes, and their families just as we do ours. Fate has determined us to be on opposite sides, but to treat them as savages is to undermine our own integrity. We are Vicedonian. We are better than that.”
The idea of being merciful to your enemy rubbed Aric the wrong way. He couldn’t fathom being gracious to an enemy who moments ago was trying to stab you in the heart. He and Xander always differed. Even at their most basic levels, Aric didn’t believe that they would ever agree on anything. But now, he was not the highest-ranking person on the field. Xander was here, and he was the one giving orders.
Arges and Steropes slowly made their way over to the brothers. Steropes was covered in dirt, blood, and grime, exhausted but still standing. Arges still looked untouched, his youthful face showing no signs of weariness, but his neck was grossly discolored. He clutched at it, holding back the blood.
“Generals. I’ve seen you have better days than this.” Xander patted both of them on their shoulders.
The generals saluted back. Hands shaped in a ‘V’ crossed over their hearts. “It’s finally over. If not for your reinforcements, Xander, we would’ve been dead.” Steropes leaned against his double-ended spear, trying to catch his breath.
“It’s already early morning; we’ve got to get this place fortified before the Renzai return with more troops.” Arges coughed abruptly, hacking up a bit of blood.
“Let me worry about fortifications. Let’s get you two to the medics right away. Your wounds are severe.”
As the generals were carried away, Arges stared intently at the Draco Guardian carved into the mountainside, his eyes then lowered towards the Midas Caves. What treasure do you protect? he wondered.
Aric and Xander stood alone in the middle of the field.
“Father must be furious with me.”
“He was. With your unexpected exodus, we couldn’t continue with our plan of trying to divert General Yagar’s attention before striking at Lake Raphia. But whether you believe me or not, father was still impressed by your courage. A part of him knew you were right. We needed to strike hard and quick. We were planning to march in three weeks time from the war council meeting, but your early departure sped up the timetable. It all doesn’t matter now, though, because we won, Aric. The people of Vicedonia will now believe you to be a hero. Marching straight to battle and bringing home a victory for the ages.”
“A victory for the ages? I highly doubt that, Xander. When they hear the true story of what I did here, they—”
“It doesn’t matter what actually happened, Aric, it’s how the story is told that makes it true. You are a hero, Aric. You even have a great scar to prove it. Father will be proud to hear of your tales in battle.”
Aric allowed Xander’s words to sink in. He had lost track of the days, but if today was indeed his birthday, then perhaps this was the greatest present he could wish for. He had not failed, achieving a great victory and changing the course of this war. He had kept his word by defeating General Yagar. His people would welcome him home with open arms, honored to proclaim both their princes. His father would embrace his youngest son, proud of his heroic deeds. The thoughts filled him with joy. He felt renewed, smiling sincerely for the first time since leaving home. He watched the sun rise over the cliff’s edge, bringing with it a new day, and perhaps signaling a new chapter in his life. But the edge of the cliff pulled at him, reminding him how his life had nearly come to a pitiful end. Without Xander’s help, his body would lay broken on the rocky shore of Lake Raphia. The truth… Aric thought. He turned away from his older brother and walked off in silence.



Chapter 36



“Go away!” Gama threw his empty milk bottle at the little girl. “She’s always following us, Rad, it’s so annoying.”
Raden chuckled at Gama’s indignation. To think that a skinny little girl would set him off like this.
“Why’s she always following us, Rad? I don’t want to be her friend. She’s funny looking. Big head, weird blonde hair, and yellow colored eyes; she looks like a dandelion.”
“Relax, Gama. She’s probably just scared, and looking to make friends.”
Why she had decided to follow them was still a mystery to Raden. She was only slightly younger than them. According to Gama’s grand philosophy on life, a third grader had no business trying to make friends with older fifth graders. Raden had noticed her around the academy, hiding beside the benches, behind the library, peeking out every once in a while to steal glimpses of him. Being new to the academy must’ve been hard; he knew the feeling all too well. For the first half of fourth grade, Raden had been the new student. Picked on by bullies, ignored, and laughed at by the girls in his class, Raden knew how cruel children could be. And so he did just what this little girl did; he hid, he kept to himself, and he completely disappeared. He was invisible; even the teachers seemed to forget his name at times. Frustrated by his constant distractions and inattention, they had simply ignored him. That’s how Raden’s life began at the academy, and he learned to accept it. It wasn’t in the cards for him to make friends, he told himself. The bullies even stopped harassing him as they moved on to other new students. Fresh meat they would say, as they’d chase the terrified new kids around campus. That’s how life continued, until that one day, after the winter break.
The self-titled Super Squad had decided to target the newest addition; a tubby little kid who always had food hidden away in his pockets and food stains across his cheeks. Raden watched from his regular spot, hidden along the perimeter of the playground. Raden sat next to the hedges, picking at the daisies, and peering out onto the street. He gazed at the grass, flower petals, and trees nearby. Symbols of the Ancients flickered in and out of view. When the symbols disappeared, he watched the pedestrians walk through the village, going about their business. He passed the time by imagining stories of where they were going. The blacksmith raced by, probably off to forge a mighty sword for the next great Renzai warrior. Farmers hauled fresh produce along cart driven ox, rushing off to provide fresh food for weary soldiers in battle. He stared out through the fence, the academy nothing more than background noise to him now, until he heard the furious sounds of feet and fists nearby. Raden turned to see what all the commotion was, and suddenly found himself caught up in the middle of a fight. The Super Squad had tried to take the tubby kid’s snacks and found unexpected resistance. The tubby kid punched, kicked, grabbed, and bit with no reservations whatsoever. The only ones crying this time were the three bullies themselves, who ran away as fast as they could. The new kid, overtly proud of himself, called out all types of expletives at the would-be muggers; half of the words Raden did not know the meanings of.
Raden was in awe. Never had anyone tried to stand up to the bullies before, let alone win a three on one fight. The new kid pulled out a sweet treat from his pocket and began to chew it when he caught Raden staring at him.
“You want some of this, too!” he yelled at Raden, waving his candy filled fist in the air.
“No, no… not at all. I just think it’s…” Raden searched for the right words to describe what he just witnessed, “awesome… what you did to the Super Squad.”
The new kid’s demeanor changed. “Oh yeah? I guess it was pretty awesome. My name’s Gama, what’s yours?”
“I’m Raden.”
“Nice to meet you, Raden. I think I’m going to call you Rad from now on. Plus, you kind of have a funny face. It makes me laugh. We’ll be good friends.”
From that day on Raden had never been alone. So he sympathized with the new girl’s plight. She followed Raden and Gama as they made their rounds of the playground. Gama, the socialite that he was, mingled with every kid at school, partly because he enjoyed the attention, but more so because he secretly collected snacks from everyone who had requested his protection from the Super Squad. Only in fifth grade, yet he operated a racketeering and extortion business, but that was Gama through and through. The blonde haired girl always stayed a good distance behind them, but every time Raden turned around, she was there, watching him. Gama, too preoccupied with his racketeering business, didn’t notice as Raden dropped sunflower petals he kept in his pocket. The girl picked them up, one at a time. It was a small and innocuous game they played and enjoyed. Raden would try, in his own way, to befriend this lonely girl.
Months later, the Super Squad, still trying to reign dominant along the yard, decided to pick on the big headed blonde haired girl. Bad idea. Though small in stature, the two of them watched in disbelief as she judo tossed the first two bullies, and kimura locked the third into submission. Raden and Gama’s jaws dropped to the floor. She finally released the submission hold, kicking up dirt and spitting profusely as the bullies ran off in defeat. Gama liked her immediately.
“That girl is kind of cute, I’m going to go talk to her,” Gama whispered.
“I thought you hated her?” Raden asked incredulously.
“That was before I knew she could fight! I think we’d make a good couple.”
Raden laughed as he followed Gama over to the little spitfire.
“That was impressive, Short Stuff! How’d you like to be my girlfriend?”
Real smooth Gama, thought Raden.
The girl completely ignored Gama, locking eyes with Raden.
“I’m Kara. It’s nice to meet you, Raden.”
“I’m Ra— oh, you already know my name.”
Gama bristled at what he was witnessing. “I’m the hunk here, and she goes after the scrawny shy one? Greeeat.” From that day forward, their duo became a trio, much to Gama’s chagrin.
As years passed, and they continued through the academy, Kara and Raden’s fondness grew into something more. Gama could feel it every time they were around each other. His constant prompting for them to declare their love for each other only resulted in Kara’s unkind berating, usually involving his size and eating habits.
From graduation to their admittance into the military, they never strayed too far apart, assigned to separate divisions of the Lion Tribe. Gama entered the hunting and tracking division; Kara pursued espionage and intelligence, while Raden enlisted in Combat and Special Forces.
Kara had never spoken of her family to either of them. They always assumed she was orphaned, like them, and so had no family to speak of. Until the day she invited them over for dinner. Kara had successfully achieved the rank of 1st officer in her division, and her family wanted to celebrate the occasion. Raden and Gama, unsure of what to expect soon found themselves seated at the dinner table with General Yagar. He was Kara’s father. She was the legendary general’s daughter.
Raden and Gama were the epitome of gentlemen. It was the one time that Gama did not envy Kara’s fondness for Raden. He was relieved to know that he wouldn’t be the one grilled about affections towards the general’s daughter.
“You two seemed surprised?” Yagar asked as Kara smirked silently from her seat.
Neither of them wanted to answer, but knew they shouldn’t remain silent either.
Raden started. “Umm… we were under the impression that Kara did not… have a… family.”
“I never mentioned my family, doesn’t mean I didn’t have one,” Kara responded.
Yagar elaborated. “Kara never mentioned her family at my request. I felt as though fellow students and teachers would treat her unfairly if they knew she was my daughter. The academy is hard enough; I didn’t want her dealing with that pressure as well.”
Gama kept his mouth busy with food, leaving Raden alone to continue the conversation.
“I see, sir. In that case, is your wife joining us for dinner as well?”
Kara’s body seemed to wilt a little.
“Kara’s mother is no longer with us. She passed away when Kara was only a year old.”
“I’m sorry to hear that, sir.”
“I can still see her in Kara, though. So, in that sense, she’s never really left us. As long as Kara’s still with me, our family is whole. Perhaps one day, Kara will meet the right man and give me some grandchildren.”
Gama choked on a piece of beef, gasping for air; he grabbed some water for relief, while simultaneously kicking Raden’s chair from underneath the table. Raden, already flustered, tried to prepare for the inevitable deluge of questions forthcoming.
“Raden. Try not to look like you’re about to pass out. Kara’s told me at length about the two of you. You seem to be an upstanding gentleman. I’ve been following your development in the military. It appears that you are a very capable, yet average soldier. To be honest, I hoped for Kara to be with someone on track for leadership and officer training, but those are my wishes, not hers. You do seem to have a good head on your shoulders, and understand how to take care of your responsibilities. Kara’s mentioned your difficult childhood. You have a younger sister that you care for, after the loss of your parents. I admire that duty to family. That, Raden, I can truly respect.” 
Yagar grabbed Raden by the shoulder, his massive hand gripping it firmly.
“Kara is my only child. I know that I cannot keep her by my side forever. I only ask that you do anything and everything you can to take care of her for me when I’m gone. Can you do that, son?”
Raden already knew the answer. He steadied himself, looked Yagar straight into his eyes and spoke calmly.
“Until my dying breath I will protect her, General.”
Yagar nodded approvingly, Kara blushed, and Gama stuffed his mouth with Raden’s leftovers. This was the last memory Raden had before he regained consciousness. His right eye was the only functional one now. He lifted his head off the floor to see Kara’s lifeless body, sunken deep into the ground. The beast noticed Raden’s movements, and began to march towards him. He had broken his promise to her father. He had failed. The grief overwhelmed him, racking his body and mind with a pain he never felt before. It was too much to bear. He felt his insides ripping apart, one fiber at a time. The beast reached down, grabbing Raden by his chest. His anguish manifested into rage. He was no longer in control. From deep within, another presence took over. Raden grabbed the beast by the throat and watched as flames burst forth from his hands.



Chapter 37



Release yourself, Raden. Let the power flow through you. Become one with it.
The whispering voice inside Raden’s head urged him on. From where or who it belonged to was not important now. It was guiding him, instructing him on how to exact his revenge.
Let the hate empower you. Your pain is your fuel. Feed into it child, the voice insisted.
With his hands wrapped tightly around the beast’s neck, bright orange flames transformed to scorching red, burning away the flesh from its neck and chest. The beast swung wildly, hitting Raden across his temple and forcing him to release his stranglehold. The beast tried to recover, but Raden didn’t let up. He unleashed a torrent of fire from both his arms, driving the beast against the wall of the pit. The wall began to char and blacken as the heat ravaged it.
Good, the voice whispered. For Kara, it continued. The mere mention of her name sent Raden into a fit of rage.
“KARA!” he screamed as the flames magnified. The powerful blaze buried the beast into the wall. Raden raised his arms to the sky and the flames followed his command. They lifted the beast high into the air. Brontes and the nearby soldiers watched in disbelief as the beast plummeted back to the ground, the impact from its landing sent shockwaves throughout the base. Alarms rang loudly, the rest of the unit came funneling out of their barracks, weapons in hand, surrounding the freshly produced crater in the ground.
“Step back!” Brontes ordered them.
An explosion erupted from inside the crater, sending giant pieces of rock in all directions. The beast stepped out, clutching its side, wincing from the pain and angered by its newfound mortality. With its telekinetic power, it grabbed a hold of a few hundred weapons, ripping them out of the soldiers’ hands, and raised them up into the air. The sky, now filled with sharpened spears and swords, pointed straight into the pit where Raden stood. 
The beast did not hesitate; he sent the instruments of death flying towards Raden. Before they could find their intended target, an eruption of fire shot out from within the pit, incinerating every piece of metal to utter ashes. The rising pillar of flame rose towards the heavens. Soldiers stood, mouths agape, at the sheer power they were witnessing. The beast was even mesmerized for a moment, but it quickly caught sight of something moving within the pillar of fire. Raden came flying out of the rising torrent, kicking the beast in the chest and sending it crashing into a crowd of soldiers. Raden moved so inexplicably quickly that nobody but Brontes was able to follow his movement. He sent another fireball spiraling towards the beast, but this time the beast diverted it away with its telekinesis. Raden continued the volley of attacks, and the beast managed to fend off each one, but unbeknownst to the beast, the attacks were a distraction. While deflecting the last fireball, Raden instantly appeared at the beast’s feet, driving his left arm into its stomach. A sword of flames manifested from Raden’s right hand, and he was about to drive it into the beast’s heart when Brontes crashed into him, knocking Raden off his feet.
Brontes jumped high into the air, cutting across the sky with his trident, sending a wave of energy plummeting towards Raden. Raden countered with a flame attack of his own. The two attacks smashed against each other, exploding in a blinding light of massive energy. Brontes, realizing that a one-on-one fight was not in his best interests, sent his entire unit against Raden. Being completely surrounded and ridiculously outnumbered didn’t seem to concern Raden at all, though. He had only vengeance on his mind, and never took his eyes off the beast. He moved so quickly that flames appeared in his wake, leaving a trail of fire everywhere he went. Again, he charged the beast when Brontes appeared, cutting him off from his intended target. Unfazed, Raden drove his fists into the ground, flames pouring deep into the earth below. A deep rumbling could be heard; the earth began to shake violently until flames shot out from beneath the beast. The flames morphed into tendrils, grabbing a hold of the beast’s legs. It tried to escape, but the more it struggled, the tighter the tendrils latched on. Brontes turned around to see his secret weapon struggling to free itself. He needed to do something quick, so he attacked Raden, in hopes of distracting him long enough to release his hold on the beast, but Raden was gone. He had simply vanished. Brontes searched the area, watching and listening.
A brush of air shifted slightly to his right. Brontes clotheslined the air, catching Raden across the neck and flipping him upside down. Before Raden landed, Brontes grabbed his leg mid-air and slammed him down. One of the flaming tendrils dissipated from the beast’s leg; he was almost free now. Brontes stabbed at Raden, but Raden grabbed a hold of the middle prong of the trident and kicked Brontes across the face. As Brontes stumbled back, he caught Raden’s leg with the hook of his trident, lifting him off the ground. Brontes drove his elbow powerfully into Raden’s stomach. A gush of blood came spewing out of Raden’s mouth. The tendril around the beast’s other leg disappeared; it was free now. It galloped on all four appendages, cutting swiftly across the ground. Brontes grabbed a hold of Raden’s backside, pressing his trident across his neck. The beast unleashed a furious volley of punches, battering Raden up and down his body. More blood gushed out of his mouth; fresh bruises and broken ribs began to surface.
Raden collapsed onto his knees. The aura of fire around his body dissipated with a sudden hiss. Steam and smoke poured out of him. Brontes kicked him in the back, sending Raden toppling forward onto his face. The beast gripped him by his left arm and lifted him up effortlessly. Raden’s body was beginning to cool down. His sudden power apparently all used up. The beast laughed maniacally at his weakness.
“Kill him! Kill the enemy!” Brontes commanded.
The beast grabbed a hold of Raden’s left leg, and began stretching him apart, trying to tear his body in two. Just when he felt his body giving in to the beast’s strength, the voice came back.
Open yourself up to the divine. See what is before you.
Raden’s left eye, which had been badly scarred and blinded by the beast earlier, was now tickling with feeling. Raden blinked furiously, the perspiration, blood, and dirt trickled away.
The mysterious voice whispered again. See what is before you. See what you are meant to be.
Raden opened his wounded left eye. The world changed before him. Everything was coated in shades of orange and red now. A surge of power coursed through his body, numbing him to the numerous wounds afflicting him. Fire poured out from his left eye, coating his body once again. The beast instinctively let go from the heat. Raden produced two flaming swords from each of his hands and drove them into the beast’s heart. It roared in agony, its life force slipping away. The beast dropped to its knees, on the verge of death, and its body began to solidify: feet, legs, and arms, everything hardening into wood. Brontes backed away quietly, attempting to retreat and save his own skin. Raden ignored him, still focused on the fallen Candidate; he placed his hands tightly around its head.
Avenge her, child, the voice suggested meekly. The overwhelming grief returned. Tears poured down his cheeks, agony and sorrow took over.
“KARA!” 
Raden screamed as an explosion of fire stretched out across the entire base. Everything was instantly incinerated. Soldiers vaporized out of existence, buildings scorched to piles of ashen rubble. From high above the battlefield, the markings of the Ancients littered the ground. The Renzai Empire now possessed its own secret weapon. The Prophet was right. Raden had found a true living Candidate. Himself.



Chapter 38



Lake Raphia was a hidden gem, a natural marvel of the Creator, some said. The Midas Caves sat picturesquely above, nestled into the foothills of the Phalanx Mountains. Faded images of Draco Guardians, warriors associated with the Ancients, were carved into the mountainside, supposedly protecting a vast power hidden deep within the Midas Caves. Sunlight glistened off the surface of the lake, so calm and peaceful. The two princes stared at the city ahead of them. It was built within a cavernous opening at the base of the Phalanx Mountains. Homes and other buildings were built directly into the rocky ground. Rows of structures towered over one another, gradually moving up and down the cave walls. Being built into the bottom of the mountain offered great natural protection. The only entrance into the city was through the lake. Natural coral borders jutted out from each side of the lake creating a wall of protection. Visitors, merchants, and other travelers were forced to go through the passage if they wanted to gain entrance. Being situated directly below the golden caves had turned Lake Raphia into one of the most opulent cities in all of Eos. Homes carved out of the rock walls were adorned with imported marble and other materials from lands far away. At its height, Lake Raphia had served as the ultimate vacation destination for royalty of many kingdoms, but once the desire to possess its resources came about, it had become the epicenter for violence in the north. Citizens could not flee for safety as armies battled one another at the city’s doorstep. They were trapped, bitter at every invasion of their homeland, and now the latest conquerors were going to need their help.
“What if these people refuse to listen to us, Xander?” Aric stared at the decaying city as it came into focus. The buildings looked abandoned. Every valuable piece of marble or gold had been taken. The buildings were simply hewn out rock now, plastered with a bit of mud. The grandeur that was once Lake Raphia had vanished. The giant palm trees that lined the city streets were no more. Cut down and used for firewood, most likely.
“It doesn’t matter if they listen or not. They are part of our kingdom now. We will welcome them and treat them as such. In time, they will learn to be Vicedonian.” Xander spoke so matter-of-factly.
As the boat drew closer, still no movements could be seen.
“It’s like a ghost town here. Where is everybody? The battle is over, don’t they realize that now?” Aric looked around, the only signs of life were random stray cats, so emaciated they looked more akin to giant rats.
“These people have suffered through more battles than they care to remember. For some, war is all they’ve ever experienced. The stories that we heard once about this place are no longer relevant. They are just that now… stories, Aric.”
The boat pulled into the dock and the two princes and a small contingent of troops made their way up. They walked along the main path, leading to the crumbling ruins of the capital building, a decrepit castle that had seen better days. Statues that once adorned the pathway were now deteriorated. Partial limbs could be seen here and there, most likely the remains of Kashen, the Lake Raphian god of wealth. Kashen had been the patron god of the Lake Raphian people for centuries, delivering on his promises of wealth and affluence. However, once the war began, Kashen had abandoned the city, leaving his statues unkempt and defiled by citizens who once worshipped him.
When the contingent made its way to the main square, they noticed the quick shuttering of windows and doors. The people were still here, just hiding. Xander surveyed the buildings before him, noticing the growing number of eyes locked on his every movement.
“People of Lake Raphia! Hear me now!” He slowly stepped forward, opening his arms in a gesture of compliance.
“I am Prince Xander of the Vicedonian Kingdom.” He gestured for Aric to step forward, too. “And this is Prince Aric, second child of King Maximus Agiad II.” He paused for any type of response. “You have suffered… I know. The Renzai armies have stolen your liberty from you, denying you of your natural right to freedom. They have forced you to stay behind your city walls, in fear of death and repercussions. But I tell you this now, people of Lake Raphia: Now, my countrymen’s hands have freed you. We have defeated the Renzai armies, sending their souls back to the pits of injustice. You are safe now. You are now under the protection of the Vicedonian Kingdom, the newest territory to the greatest kingdom in all of Eos. Show yourself now, and pledge your loyalty to us.”
Silence was their answer. “I knew they wouldn’t show themselves, Xander. We just destroyed their city, and you think they’re going to welcome us with open arms?” A part of Aric hoped he was wrong, but his instinct told him otherwise.
“These people have been in a constant state of suffering. You cannot expect them to take our words for truth. You need to earn their trust, Aric. Patience is the key. You always struggled in this area, but I will show you the merits of being patient.” Xander made his way over to the first building he knew was occupied. With arms outstretched, he began again. “I am unarmed. There is no reason to be afraid. I am truly Prince Xander of the Vicedonian Kingdom. I bring you news of relief and joy today. Today, you are no longer subject to the horrors of war. You are safe now. The Vicedonian Kingdom takes care of all its citizens. We bring you food and supplies.” Xander motioned for a couple of soldiers to bring over large wooden crates. They removed the lids, revealing a variety of grains, bread, ore, and vegetables. “Come forth and pledge your allegiance, and you will suffer no more.”
Silence again. Aric was becoming frustrated by their ingratitude. He had risked life and limb to vanquish the enemies from their home and this is how they repaid him? He stepped forward, ready to berate them for their cowardice when a door suddenly opened. A young woman with dark hair, dirty and disheveled, emaciated from months of starvation stepped forward. She had a bad limp that slowed her movement considerably. Coupled with her weakened condition, it was a small miracle to see her make her way over to Xander. Quickly kneeling before him, the young woman laid prostrate at Xander’s feet.
“I swear my allegiance to Vicedonia! Please, we haven’t eaten for months! The soldiers raided all our food supplies. We’ve been surviving off of boiled dirt and meal worms.” The young woman began to sob uncontrollably. She grabbed Xander’s feet, clutching them tightly as grief overcame her. “The children are starving… please give us food!”
Xander knelt down, wrapping his arms around her. He carefully helped her up to her feet. She was so frail he worried he would break her, but still he hugged her tightly. “You are now safe, child. You are with family now. The Creator smiles down on you today.” Xander sent the young woman off to collect her food.
“Are there any others who will join her?” Slowly doors from all around the main square began to open. Old, young, mothers, siblings, they all began to come forward. Some were so starved they barely looked human anymore. Skin-covered bones were all that was left. Soon, hundreds had flooded the main square, kneeling before Xander and swearing their fealty to the Vicedonian Kingdom. One by one they received their portions of food, devouring every last bite and morsel.
Aric stepped within earshot of Xander. “How did you know this would happen?”
“When you’ve experienced true war brother, you quickly realize the fairy tales of our childhood were simply that; tales. The realities of war do not make for good stories. These people have been barricaded in their own city with no way out because we’ve brought our war to their doorstep. They do not care for winners or losers. Politics and ideologies are quickly discarded in times of crisis. The truth is much simpler Aric: basic survival. These people are starving. We will gain their allegiance by giving them what they need.”
Aric soaked in the knowledge that his older brother imparted. There was still much for him to learn about war, conquest, and most importantly, how to rule. He watched the people waiting in line for their food. He had never seen such looks of desperation. The gleams of hope in their eyes were betrayed by an outer façade of starvation. He looked as women, children, and the elderly clutched tightly onto their loaves of bread. Something was off, though; he noticed that there weren’t many men mixed in the crowds.
“Xander, where are all the men in this city?”
“So you’ve noticed, too. One of two things: Either they’ve all died in the war, or they’re missing.”
“Where could they be?”
“If your family was starving, on the verge of death, Aric, what would you do?”
Aric thought for a moment, before the answer struck him. “They’re out looking for food?”
“Yes. And it appears as though they’ve returned.”
Aric looked off into the distance. He could see a group of men beginning their descent down from the far side of the cave. Ropes dropped from holes in the cave wall. There had to be about forty men making their way down now, tools and weapons strapped to their backs.
“They outnumber us, Xander. What’ll we do if they aren’t so welcoming as the rest of them?”
“I wouldn’t worry too much about them, Aric. Men like them are always willing to negotiate. Weapons aren’t needed here, just words.”
As the group of men made their way towards the princes, an older gentleman pushed his way to the front.
“Who the hell are you guys? We protect these people, not you! We are in charge here! Do you think some measly food will buy our loyalty so easily?”
“Well it looks like you are doing a fantastic job at caring for them,” Aric stated rather sarcastically.
The man was not amused. “You bring your war to our city. Block us in, prevent us from receiving any resources, starve our people and kill our soldiers, and you expect me to be grateful to you!” The man spat on the floor. “That’s what I think about your charity. Our blood is on your hands! Our deaths come at the tips of your swords! Do not take me for a fool, child.” The man reached for the pickaxe on his back. The Vicedonian soldiers stepped forward; ready to protect their prince before Xander waived them off.
“You are right, sir. It is unfortunate that our war has become yours as well. We do not wish for your women and children to starve. Your people have suffered greatly because of our actions. That’s why we are offering you food, shelter, and protection as part of the Vicedonian Kingdom now. It is a small consolation for the pain you have endured, and for that I am truly sympathetic. But this city is critical to our victory in this war. We did what needed to be done.”
Enraged by Xander’s words, the man lifted the pickaxe above his head. He was about to throw it when another man grabbed a hold of the handle.
“Georges, stop! Nothing will be gained by killing him. Our priority is food, and these men have brought it. Let’s take it while it’s available!”
“But it’s his fault that we’ve suffered! He just admitted it!”
“It doesn’t matter whose fault it is anymore, Georges. There has always been war for as long as I can remember. If it’s not the Vicedonians, then it’s the Renzai, or the Gokstads, or the Pilgrims of Fate. War will always be a part of our lives. Notions of peace are nothing more than a fleeting dream. Sweetly stated but never realized. The sooner we accept that war is a part of life, the sooner we can move on and focus on surviving, taking care of those closest to us.”
Georges relented grudgingly. He didn’t agree, but knew there was truth to the man’s words. He was angry, and needed someone to blame, but anger would not feed his two boys, food would, and the prince of Vicedonia standing before him was offering it. Georges slowly knelt down and the rest of the men followed suit.
“We pledge our loyalties to the Vicedonian Kingdom,” they said in unison.
“Then rise and receive your food. You needn’t worry any longer. Your city, your people are now under the protection of King Maximus Agiad II. You are hereby given the rights of Vicedonian colonists. Know this, though, any act of treason is punishable by death.”
Georges stared coldly at Xander as he rose to his feet.
“What’s the difference, your war has already condemned us to death. Look around you, Prince Xander. Our people starve. Women and innocent children only know of pain and hunger. This, my prince, is not living. This… this is a fate worse than death.”



Chapter 39



“Lock the doors!”
The guard quickly secured the entrance to the supply warehouse, double padding the handles with chain link steel. Titan watched impatiently as the guard fumbled the keys, slipping between his fingers and finally dropping them to the floor. Frustrated at such incompetence, Titan smacked him across the head and retrieved the keys himself.
“Stop being an idiot, boy!”
“I’m sorry, sir. Forgive my clumsiness.”
Titan struck him again across his helmet. “Get back to your post, boy!” The young soldier ran off as quickly as he could.
Xander leaned against the wall of the warehouse. “Titan, ease up on the new recruits. If you keep treating them like that, they’re bound to run away forever.”
“Xander, you have too much compassion for the young. He’s a stupid boy; he does stupid things. He needs to learn from his mistakes.”
Xander laughed boisterously at Titan’s comments, though Titan did not seem to share in his levity.
“You’re one of a kind, Titan. Truly. Which is why I need you to help me. We’re going to move all of the women, children, and elderly into Castle Raphia. It’s the safest place in the city and the easiest to guard. I need you to ensure that the transition goes smoothly.”
“You want me to babysit a bunch of weaklings? I should be back at base camp, not here. Why don’t you have your baby brother do it? Even he can handle this task.”
Xander initially did think of asking Aric to head up the move, but Aric had been missing the past couple of days. Instead of assisting with operations, Aric had taken off, disappearing into the city. Wandering the city streets, Xander assumed, unsure of what he was searching for. Xander had hoped the recent victory would push Aric to take on his responsibilities more seriously, but it seemed to have had the opposite effect.
Xander watched two young boys play with wooden swords down by the dock. It reminded him so much of when he was young. Aric always the adventurer, wanting to leap off the highest rock, or climb the tallest tree. His fearlessness was something Xander admired about his brother. He had met very few people who were so blindly willing to take risks as Aric did. There was something freeing about not having to consider the consequences of your actions. Whether Aric knew it or not, Xander envied him. Not having to live up to the expectations of their father. Not having to be the older and more responsible son, the role model not only for a little brother, but for the kingdom as well. Aric had always blamed Xander for creating too much of an expectation for him. It wasn’t Aric’s fault that he couldn’t reach the same heights as Xander did, but rather the fact that Xander had made it nigh impossible for him to do so. The sad consequence being that father viewed Aric as a complete failure. Aric had many faults, but somehow Xander couldn’t help but still feel responsible for him.
The two boys blocked and swung at another, landing blows just hard enough to hurt. The younger boy went for a full out attack and swung high. The older boy parried it, using the momentum to send the younger child crashing into the muddy ground, where he instantly began to cry. The older child lifted him out of the mud, wiped his face clean with the sleeve of his shirt, and said something to make them both laugh. Just like that, they were back to playing little warriors.
Xander always tried to be there for his little brother. If only Aric knew of the sacrifices Xander made to protect him. Unable to tell him so, knowing that Aric would react negatively, most likely blame Xander for pampering him and turning him into an embarrassment. To watch Aric throw away his responsibilities only increased the guilt Xander felt. But Aric was a grown man now, capable of making his own choices. Xander couldn’t be there for him the rest of his life, fixing his mistakes, picking him up out of the mud and wiping his face clean. At a certain point, Xander knew, he needed to back off completely.
Titan had already begun the process of relocating the crowds of civilians to Castle Raphia. The only people that weren’t relocated were able-bodied men. They remained with the army, training to become soldiers and assisting with the basic needs of the camp. A good number of men had already volunteered for service. To some, it was simply something new to do, a distraction to break up the monotony. To others, the Vicedonian symbol began to grow on them, proudly bearing the ‘V’ and lambda on their chest, honored by their association with such a mighty kingdom. Even others, though, men such as Georges, did what was required of them; no more, no less. There was no camaraderie, no sense of patriotism or anything uniting them. Men like Georges did what they needed to do in order to survive. It was the one part of war that Xander never could grow numb to. The collateral damage to thousands of innocent people tugged at the strings of guilt within him. He knew it couldn’t be helped. That was the reality of war. War was not planned or executed in an orderly fashion. It was inherently chaotic, even atrocious at times, but a necessary process in order to achieve the greater good. The expansion of the Vicedonian Kingdom guaranteed a better and more fruitful life to anyone fortunate enough to become a part of it. These men, whether they realized it or not, were better off now than before, and in time they would grow loyal to the kingdom, as many other nations had done before them.
Aric was struggling to understand his world. His actions, the war, the aftermath; everything just confused him. The only way to keep his sanity, it seemed, was to distract himself with wine he had confiscated from his own soldiers, threatening them with imprisonment or even execution for defying their prince. He had to numb his body and mind to the pain and uncertainty of it all. But if Aric could only see what Xander saw in him, a courageous and passionate individual who was born to be a leader, life would be different. Despite all of Aric’s mishaps and errors, Xander still knew he could become a powerful figure for the kingdom. He wanted Aric to believe in himself, to prove it on the battlefield, and to believe that he was worthy of his father’s affections.
Xander watched as a solemn figure made his way through the streets of the city. Aric stumbled around, grabbing onto walls, doors, windows, anything to keep his body steady. He tripped over himself, collapsing onto the street with a splash of mud. He lay still for a couple moments before starting the whole routine again. Somehow, though, he managed to traverse the distance across the main square to where Xander stood.
“Hey! Xander! I’m here… ready to work, what do you want me to do, eh? What should the Prince of Vicedonia do?” His words, slurred from inebriation, brought unwanted attention from the men training nearby. They watched Aric make a fool of himself, speaking incoherently and walking about in circles. Aric noticed their unkind expressions, his anger even more volatile in his drunken state.
“What are you staring at, filth?” Aric rushed over to one of the older men, grabbed him by the collar and forced him down to his knees. “You dare laugh at a prince of Vicedonia?” Aric struck him across the face with the back of his hand. “Nobody laughs at me!” Aric reached for his sword when Xander pulled him off.
“What the hell do you think you’re doing? Those men are training to become Vicedonian soldiers, soldiers who are supposed to be willing to lay down their lives for our great kingdom, even sacrificing themselves for the royal family. This is the kind of example you set for them?”
“Get your hands off me, Xander! Don’t forget, I’m a prince of Vicedonia, too. I don’t need to take this crap from you or anyone else! I know exactly what I’m doing.” In his rage, Aric dropped the flask of wine hidden in his cloak. It shattered as it hit the ground, spilling the contents everywhere.
“No!” Aric dropped to his knees trying to lap up the remains with his tongue.
Xander, embarrassed, but more shamed by Aric’s behavior, picked him up and smacked him across his face. The suddenness of the slap brought Aric’s focus back for a brief moment. He stared at Xander as if seeing him for the first time.
“Xander?”
“I need you to sober up quickly!” Xander let go of Aric, allowing Aric a moment to recompose himself. “I have something to ask of you.”
“Ask of me?”
“Brother, I need you to get your head on straight, and you need to do it soon. The Renzai army is going to be back with more soldiers, and we’re not prepared for another attack. We need more troops and we need them now. I’m sending you on a mission. Besides, your presence here lately has been more detrimental than anything. I need you to go to Sargatum and bring back reinforcements from the Seventh Legion.”
“The Seventh Legion? Aren’t those Major Kymon’s forces?”
“Yes, they are.”
“But why are you sending me on this mission?”
“Because… that man despises me. You, on the other hand, you’re the only person he will listen to. You’re the only one who can convince him to send us reinforcements. Truthfully, you’re the only one who can do it, Aric.”



Chapter 40



He clutched his mother’s hand tightly, asking her why she and father had to abandon him on that fretful day. His father reached down to pick him up. To tell Raden that he was sorry for leaving him alone, but that they needed to sacrifice themselves so that their children might live. Raden wanted to hug them close, somehow believing that the tighter he held on, the safer his parents would be. He could protect them now; something mysterious and powerful had manifested within him. He could do now what he failed to do before. But as he squeezed tighter, he found himself alone, arms embracing empty air. His parents had melted away. Skin turned to ash, and ash fluttered away in the wind.
Why? The last word spoken to his parents before he suddenly awoke.
Raden was in agonizing pain, both physically and mentally. His anguish had consumed every part of him, never allowing him the opportunity to survey his surroundings. He was in a dark room. The only source of light was a candle by his bed. No, it wasn’t even a bed, more akin to a metallic mat laid upon the rocky ground. He rose to his feet, taking extraordinary effort to perform such a simple task. He reached for his left eye, and felt the patch covering it. He felt ill from a blistering fever, burning him up from inside.
Raden picked up the candle and examined the room. The walls were solid stone, but the room itself was perfectly rectangular. His immediate thought was that someone had built this room, and perhaps that someone was still here. There was no door to the room either, just solid stone surfaces on each side, ceiling and floor, too. He put the candle up next to the closest wall and noticed the blackened stains. He smudged a bit off the wall with his index finger and sniffed it. It smelled of ash. Every wall seemed to be covered in it. Where am I? How did I get here? The questions racked his mind. The last thing he remembered was the explosion at Kih Bayar. Images abounded. Battling the Candidate. The sensation of being lifted off the ground. Brontes’ vicious attack that left his ribs and backside battered. He checked for pain and sure enough the wounds were real. He remembered Gama and Oli being knocked unconscious inside the pit. And Kara. Kara’s body lifted up and— he couldn’t bear to finish the thought. The memories began to flood back. Had she really died? Or had all of that been a dream to which he was waking up from now?
A voice called out gently from above. “You’ve finally awakened, Raden.”
Raden searched the ceiling above him, but could see no openings.
“Who are you? Where have you taken me?”
A giant circular stone began to open above him. Bright light poured into the room, forcing Raden to shield his eyes, having grown accustomed to the darkness. The sound of stone grinding against itself echoed loudly in the chamber. The opening in the ceiling was now whole, and above him stood a solitary figure. Raden could not make out his face as the light enveloped the mysterious figure from behind, casting him in shadows. But the voice sounded familiar. He knew this person, but who was it?
“You are home, Raden. You are safe.”
“This prison is not my home. Just who are you? What do you want from me?”
The figure leapt down into the room before Raden could react. The stranger was astonishingly quick. Raden’s eyes began to adjust and focus in on his face. His eyes widened in recognition. It was the Warrior, one of the five members of the Ministry of Transcendence. He had heard his voice countless times back at base. But here he was now, standing right before him.
“You are home, Raden. You are high above the city, at the top of Mount Iwai.”
“Why am I here?”
“You are here to train, child. Those flashbacks you’ve been having are a result of your newfound power. You have given the empire its greatest key to winning this war. You are a true Candidate. You will end this war once and for all.”
The idea that Raden was now the savior of the empire, that his newly discovered powers would be the key in changing the course of the war didn’t grab his immediate attention. He wanted to know more important information.
“Home? How did I get back here? I was on a mission across the Disputed Lands, deep into the Vicedonian territories. The last thing I remember was battling the Candidate.” Memories of the mission came flooding back. “We saw it. Its powers were tremendous, it killed…” Raden’s shoulders sank at the thought of Kara again.
“Yes, child. Kara is dead. Killed by the hands of a supposed Candidate that you defeated. The Vicedonians no longer have an advantage over us; it is we who now possess the only true Candidate. A gift from the One, telling us that now is the time to strike at our enemies.” The Warrior walked over to Raden, placing his hands gently upon his shoulders.
“Kara is dead. But she did not die in vain. Her sacrifice will be remembered in the victory to come. You have already avenged her death, child. Now, it is time to prepare you so that you may avenge everyone in the empire who has lost family members, friends… loved ones.”
Friends, thought Raden. “What happened to Gama and Oli? Did they make it back, too?”
“Yes. Not only did they make it back home, they were the ones who brought you home safely. True friends, indeed.”
Relief poured over Raden. At least Gama and Oli were safe. The thought of losing his best friend would have been too much to bear.
“What about Kimi? Does she know I’m back? Has she seen me?”
“Kimi knows, and she will visit you in time, child. For now, it is better that you concentrate on the task at hand.”
“And what would that be?”
“For you to learn how to control your power.”
My power. Raden glanced around the room. “These walls are burnt. Is that because of me?”
The Warrior nodded in agreement. “It is, but it is because you have not learned to harness the power of the One. You have been suffering much lately. In your sleep, your dreams—or nightmares, rather—have physical manifestations. Your power reacts to your thoughts and emotions. Your emotions have been out of control because of what you’ve recently endured. Your body, in turn, has reacted uncontrollably as well. You scorched this entire room. There used to be more pieces of furniture in here, but you incinerated all of it. That’s why you’ve been sleeping on that metal sheet.”
“The bed… burnt, too?”
“It was the first thing to go.”
“Figures.”
“Come, follow me. Now that you are awake, you are conscious and capable of focusing on controlling your blessed abilities. The Warrior grabbed a hold of Raden’s hand and jumped out of the room. Not only was he exceptionally quick, but his strength was unbelievable. He appeared to be an elderly man, perhaps in his late seventies or so; a long white goatee streamed down his chin. Matching snowflake hair peeked out from beneath his large straw hat, the large circular brim casting his face in shadows. He dressed in long flowing tan robes, much like the Prophet did when Raden had met him what seemed like so many ages ago. On his belt he carried a small, wooden short sword sheathed in its scabbard, the scabbard plain and unadorned, oddly simple for a person of such status and power within the empire. A small twine of rope hung off the left side of his body; for what purpose he used it escaped Raden. He was much smaller than the Prophet, barely coming up to Raden’s nose. But then again, the Prophet made even Gama look small in comparison.
“Follow me.”
The Warrior led Raden down a small hallway that opened up onto a narrow rectangular ledge. The ledge was bare except for some candles and a small stone altar at the far end of it. The altar consisted of a square base, with dragon carvings branching out from the sides and back. Raden could smell the fresh mountain breeze. He took in a deep breath and realized he was having trouble doing it.
“It’s the high altitude, child. You are thousands of feet above the capital. You can see it beneath you if you wish.”
They stood on a long narrow ledge that jutted out from the mountainside. Raden stared over the side and could indeed see the city below. It looked so much smaller from here. He truly was removed from everyone.
“Here is where you will train.”
“But there’s no room to train out here, there’s barely enough room to stand.”
“No, you will sit at the edge, and clear your thoughts. You must train your mind. The mind is everything.”
Raden wanted to argue the impracticality of training in such an awkward space, but he had to remind himself that he was talking to the Warrior. Questioning him would be unwise. He made his way over to the edge, and sat cross-legged on the altar, facing outwards to the valley below.
“Close your eyes, and clear your mind of everything. Thoughts, desires, memories, wipe them all away. The only thing to remain is emptiness.”
Raden closed his eyes. He listened to the wind as it blew across the mountaintops; the call of a nighthawk echoed far down below. He felt a sense of peace as nature surrounded him. But the sense of peace did not last long. Painful memories came back. He tried to block them out, but soon found himself thinking of everything dear to his heart: his family, his friends, and Kara. He could feel his body heating up; the air began to crackle around him, the heat emanating from deep inside. The anger and pain fueled his fire. The rage consumed him until he could no longer hold onto it anymore. Fire engulfed his body and shot out everywhere. Raden opened his eyes. His body was exhausted now; sweat poured down his brow, a small trickle of blood dripped from his nose. His body ached, the fever burning every ounce of his being.
“You are allowing the rage to control you, child. You must clear your mind of all emotions, especially the ones that hurt you the most. Rage can be powerful, but not at the expense of control. Unpredictability on the battlefield can be detrimental to our goal of victory. You know that as well as any other soldier. True power comes from focus, from knowing what to do ten steps ahead of your enemy. You need to eliminate the emotion, and focus on becoming one within.”
“And how will I know when I have maintained control of this power?”
“When the One speaks to you, you will know.”
Raden immediately thought about the voice he heard during his battle with the Vicedonian Candidate. Was that truly the voice of the One?
“Now try again, child.”



Chapter 41



Raden slowed down his breathing. His body was barely moving, every breath so silent he seemed to remain perfectly still. The outside world began to drown away. The nighthawks calling below, the sound of the rushing wind all began to dissipate. His focus was inward now. He started with controlling his breathing. Next, he could feel the steady beating of his heart. That, too, was beginning to drown away as stillness overtook him. In that moment, Raden could feel or think of nothing. He knew he had risen to a higher plane and slowly opened his eyes—both eyes.
He found himself in complete darkness. He wasn’t falling, but his movements were slow and deliberate, as if every motion of his body was being repelled by some invisible force. He tried to take in a deep breath and realized why his movements were slow; he was underwater. Immediately his focus turned to breathing, but he simply couldn’t. There was nowhere for him to go. No light at the top of this body of water for him to break free from. His body began to shutter and shake violently from the limited oxygen he so desperately needed now. Panic set in as he continued to struggle. That’s when Raden remembered what the Warrior had told him.
You must clear your mind of all emotions, especially the ones that hurt you the most.
Raden had thought the Warrior was referring to the death of Kara and the loss of loved ones. But perhaps he was referring to the physical pain that comes from emotion. His deprivation of oxygen was causing him to panic, and this panic was consuming his every thought and action.
No, Raden told himself. This is a realm within my mind that I need to figure out.
He ceased fighting every natural reaction. He needed to focus just like before. He let the water sway his body to and fro. Resistance was gone. He would become one with this place. The pain began to melt away, and in its place he found that inner peace again. He put his hands together to pray, and that’s when he noticed it. His skin was different. He felt his hands, and then his arms, and lastly his face. The skin that he remembered was gone, replaced by what felt like scales. He felt each ridge of every scale along his forearms. They were hard as rocks. He lifted one scale and found his body reacting to it. His body shuddered, but not from pain, but rather relief. He lifted another scale slightly and again he felt the sensation. This feels like breathing. Raden realized that to survive in this place, he needed to adapt. His body had already adapted, and now his mind must, too. He focused on the scales covering his body. He began to sense them each, feeling them individually, and at once he commanded them all to open.
His body took in a large gulp of oxygen, and Raden found he could breathe underwater. He could now move about the water freely. He swam around, but still the darkness of the place made it difficult to figure out where to go. That’s when the symbols began to take form. He could see different letters of the Ancients pulsating before him. Not only that, but the letters had meaning to him now. Symbols representing loyalty, peace, harmony, and love glowed before his eyes. The symbol for chosen appeared now; it was much larger than the other characters, and it seemed to call out to him. Raden gravitated towards it, unable to resist. The symbol rippled in the water. It loomed larger and larger as he inched closer. The light emanating from the symbol washed over his eyes, blinding his vision, but still he persisted. He swam through the center of the symbol, fully engulfed now by the light. And that’s when he broke free. He rose above the surface of the water and breathed in deeply through his mouth and nose. He realized he wasn’t swimming in water, but rather in fire. He could see flames everywhere, but there was no smell of smoke or ash. Fire danced around him, through him, but the pain began to subside. They danced in all shades of scarlet and coral and began to take form. He could see Gama and Oli lifting his broken and battered body through the mountains of Kih Bayar. Next, he saw his meeting with the Prophet. That memory faded and transformed into his dinner with General Yagar; the first time he had met Kara’s dad. His childhood escape down the River Fate was next, the last time he had seen his parents alive. The elderly couple who had cared for him shortly after. The first time he had kissed Kara. The memories appeared in every direction now. They ranged from his childhood to the present. His entire life was flashing before him. Am I dying? Maybe his newfound power had been too much for him. Perhaps his end had finally come. Raden thought about it for a moment. Was he willing to accept his fate and move on to the next life? Yes, he thought he was. But that’s when the memories playing out before him coalesced into a single image of Kimi.
“Kimi,” Raden whispered.
“Are you truly ready to accept death, Raden?” The voice was not Kimi’s, but rather the familiar voice Raden heard whispering to him during his awakening.
“You… I know your voice. You were there when I first discovered my abilities. Just who are you?”
“I have been called many things, but who I am is not important. What is important is that you have been chosen, Raden. You have been chosen to lead your people. You are their hope, their salvation. They will need you now more than ever. Do you embrace this great power that has been bestowed upon you?” Kimi walked up to Raden, arms extended, waiting for him to return the gesture.
Raden hesitated a moment, but then he could only see Kimi, standing before him, wanting to be held.
“Yes, I accept this power. And I will lead my people to victory. I will bring peace to this world.” Raden knelt down and embraced Kimi tightly. The bright orange and crimson flames that formed her image began to wrap around his body.
“Save us, Raden.”
“I will.” Raden opened his eyes. The cool mountain air caressed his face. The morning sun gently warmed his skin. He could still feel the fire burning deep within him, but the sensation was different than before. The fire flowed through his body; it was now a part of him.



Chapter 42



The Warrior watched Raden as he sat upon the lonesome edge of the precipice. Raden remained motionless as he meditated in silence. The sun was just dropping over the distant mountain range, coloring the world in various shades of purple. The snow-capped mountaintop of Mount Iwai was the highest point in all the empire. It was here that legends told of the beginning of the Renzai Empire.
The Sun God had fallen in love with the Moon Goddess, mesmerized by the beauty of her celestial aura. He chased her for countless ages, always unable to catch her, until that one blessed day. The sun and moon became one and cast a shadow over the whole world. From their union, millions upon millions of children were born, scattered to live and illuminate the night sky and accompany their mother. Today, we can still see their heavenly presence as stars staring back down on Eos. As more celestial children continued to be born, one child named Renzai, compelled to beget his own family, decided to leave the heavens and begin anew on the world below. He was said to have come down in a flaming comet. The impact from his arrival shifted the landscape of Eos, causing mountains, oceans, and rivers to form. Renzai took on the form of the first human and started his new life on Eos. It is his descendants that the people of the empire claim their genealogy to. A holy people destined for holy glory. To many of the empire it was simply a myth, but to a select few, it was a reality. Sitting before the Warrior, Raden was evidence of this truth. Their savior was here; Renzai had been reborn.
The Warrior observed the chaos consuming Raden. His body remained completely still, but the ever-changing aura he projected was in turmoil. Bright cardinal flames burst forth sporadically, interspersed between moments of peace. The first markings appeared shortly after sunset last night. The symbols of the Ancients flowed throughout Raden’s skin. Rippling across his arms and chest, his body giving off the translucent appearance of water. More symbols surfaced as the night went on. It was well past midnight when Raden’s body was completely covered by them. Everywhere but his face was now camouflaged. Raden remained that way until early morning when the next phase of his evolution began. The mark for chosen appeared on his forehead. Lines flowed out from the symbol, connecting with the ones on Raden’s neck. A burst of a light coursed through every tattoo etched into his skin. They shifted and formed, as if his body had been wrapped in a hundred million slithering serpents. The markings finally merged together and solidified into place.
Streams of smoke emanated from Raden’s body and the aura surrounding him disappeared. Concerned that something had gone wrong, the Warrior urgently made his way over, but that’s when Raden turned around abruptly. His eye patch had burned away, and his left eye glowed a brilliant scarlet now. Light poured out of it. His entire demeanor had changed. His hair was slicked back, wisps of smoke drifted about his head. His body appeared more muscular. There was a gravitas about him that was hard to deny or resist. Raden slowly stood up, his muscles still sore from the training. He stared into the sky; perhaps he was simply gazing at the beauty of the early morning dawn, or perhaps he was talking to his heavenly family, reunited after so long. It was the latter that the Warrior preferred to believe. As if thinking the same thing, Raden’s hands began to shake as fire engulfed his forearms. He thrust his hands upward, and released a grand fireball into the sky. He stumbled back, falling to one knee, sweat covered his brow, but a smile appeared on his face as he watched it rise high into the sky, magnificent as the sun. The Warrior watched in awe as it continued to rise beyond Mount Iwai. Suddenly, it violently exploded, showering the mountain range with heavenly crimson, melting the snow-capped mountaintops, revealing the virgin earth below.
Raden made his way towards the Warrior, his feet burning footprints into the ground. He was only a few feet from the Warrior when he suddenly felt dizzy; everything went dark as he collapsed.
The Warrior reached out and caught Raden before he hit the rocky ground. “Your training is done for now, child. You have done well. Very well.”
Raden closed his eyes, allowing sleep to take over.
Raden dreamt he was stranded out in the middle of the Great Sea, drifting about aimlessly. It was eerily silent, just the gentle sound of lapping water filling the cool night air. Suddenly, he heard the distant neighing of a horse. The neighing grew louder and louder until Raden awoke with a startle. He slowly opened his eyes, squinting at the snowy ground beneath him. He lifted his head and saw the head of a horse to his left. He looked to his right and saw the horse’s tail flickering back and forth. The awkwardness of the situation began to dawn on him. He was bent over the saddle of the horse. The rhythmic gait of its walk induced a feeling of buoyancy in him. He was straining to right himself on the horse when he noticed the Warrior just ahead of him. Despite the freezing cold temperature at the top of Mount Iwai, Raden didn’t seem to notice it. Raden understood why he wasn’t affected anymore: Fire burned inside of him, he had become fire personified. But the Warrior, still only wearing his tan robe, didn’t seem to notice either. There’s much to him that I still don’t know, thought Raden.
“How long was I out?” asked Raden as he wiped his eyes clear.
“About four hours. I figured you could rest as we headed back to the city.”
“Thanks… I guess… my back is killing me.” Raden twisted his body, trying to loosen it up.
“Well, I couldn’t really sit you up as you slept. You’d fall off the horse.”
“Yeah, that’s probably true.”
They rode in silence for a while, Raden observing the Warrior from behind as they continued on their journey. Questions were beginning to form in his mind; he wanted to know more about this mysterious member of the Ministry of Transcendence.
“Why is it that you were placed in charge of my training, and not the Prophet, or the Judge, or any of the other Ministers?”
“I am… let’s just say… I was the most suited to help you in this endeavor. Did you want to talk about what you experienced, child?”
Raden thought for a moment, unsure where to start. “I was drowning.”
“Describe the experience to me in detail.”
“I was drowning in a lake of fire. Despite the glowing flames, everything was pitch black. I couldn’t breathe, until I realized my skin…”
“What of your skin?”
“It was not skin, but rather scales. I was able to breathe through my scales.”
“What else did you see?”
“I had visions.”
“Of what?”
“I saw moments. The most important moments of my life flashed before me. And then I saw Kimi; she appeared and spoke to me. But it wasn’t her voice that I heard, it was the voice of something… greater.”
“The voice of the One perhaps?”
“She said—”
But the Warrior cut him off. “Whatever she said was for you, and you alone, Raden.”
Raden thought about Kimi’s words. How he was the chosen savior of their people. How he had accepted the responsibility of bringing peace to centuries of warfare. He was going to tell the Warrior anyways when the Warrior started.
“Have you ever heard of the legend of Cayo?”
Raden was caught off guard by the comment. 
“Umm… yes, I know the legend. He was one of the legendary warriors of the First Great War. He was said to be one of the founding members of the empire.”
“Yes, that is the story that our people are told.”
“What do you mean, are told?”
“Raden. What did you find on your mission to the Vicedonian territories?”
“I discovered the Vicedonians were in possession of a supposed Candidate.”
“And what do you make of your newfound powers? Your new… let’s say role in our empire?
“I am…” the word got caught in his throat, but he knew it to be true now. Especially after everything he had gone through. “I am… a true Candidate.”
“Correct. You are, in truth, not the first Candidate the empire has ever had.”
The Warrior’s words took Raden by surprise. The Prophet had mentioned other false Candidates appearing throughout history, but never did he mention one belonging to the Renzai Empire. If so, why hadn’t the wars ended long ago?
“I was with Cayo when his powers revealed themselves. Much like you, he was gifted with the blessing of fire. It was at the Battle of the Twelve Kings during the First Great War. Like you, he decimated the enemy with an attack that he could not fully comprehend. I took him to train in the same place that you just did.”
“What happened? Why is this part of his story never talked about? He is more than a legendary warrior. The One chose him. His full story needs to be heard by the people.”
“No, it does not. Let me finish. I took him to train in the same place where you did. Everything happened much the same way. He felt the sensation of drowning. He had visions of his life flash before him. But when the moment came for him to be marked by the Ancients, things did not… end like you.”
“What happened? What went wrong?”
“When the marking for chosen appeared on his forehead, it only appeared for a moment. When it disappeared, his body began to harden. He turned into wood right before me. The end of his life is something the people do not need to hear.”
“But why did that happen? What did he do differently than me?”
“He rejected the offer presented to him by the One. Much to the dismay of many people if they heard this, but the One is not a completely benign being. Even the One can be offended, and when Cayo rejected the offer, he was punished accordingly.”
The gravity of what the Warrior had just told him weighed Raden down like a stone boulder. The legendary Cayo had actually been a Candidate as well. He had just gone through the same experience as him, but did what Cayo could not. However, there was something that was still bothering Raden about the Warrior.
“How was it that you trained Cayo? He was alive during the First Great War, which was ages ago. Just how old are you?”
“I’ve been around for a long time. Longer than you need to know.”
“How did you know that Cayo experienced the same thing I did, if he died during the training?”
The Warrior stopped in his tracks. He looked up into the sky and watched a nighthawk soaring above them, disappearing behind the tree line. The Warrior turned towards Raden and smiled. “We should hurry back, Kimi is waiting for you.”



Chapter 43



In a matter of days, Xander managed to reorganize the entire area of Lake Raphia into a resource-producing factory for the Vicedonian war machine. Within the city, all women, children, and elderly were safely harbored inside Castle Raphia where they received a steady stream of food and work. Clothing, blankets, garments, and other items were all produced within the castle walls. 
The remaining men, including Georges and his comrades were trained in Vicedonian warfare and now stood guard, defending their own city. What better motivation to have than to protect your own family and loved ones? With a small contingent remaining in the city, the rest of the men, numbering close to five hundred, were relocated to the battle camps bordering the lake. They were assigned guard of the western border, the closest edge to the Dark Forest. Xander knew General Yagar was not foolish enough to do what Aric had done. He would not risk the sanity of his men for a high-risk counter attack. Five hundred, though small, was enough protection for that area.
Steropes’ unit had been completely decimated after the battle. His ten thousand troops cut in half. Of that half, a quarter remained critically wounded, leaving him close to four thousand troops to defend the entire eastern border. The Wild Woods would make it difficult for the Renzai armies to surprise them, but still, Steropes had his reservations. The southern border was now protected by the reinforcements that Xander had brought with him. An assortment of the Second, Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth Legions, they provided the necessary skills to operate the city. The Second Legion brought their heavy artillery, the Fourth consisted of engineers and builders, the Fifth were hunters who proved essential in tracking Aric’s movements, and the Sixth specialized in healing and medicine. 
Xander had brought four thousand troops with him; half were now under the command of Arges, while Steropes led the other half. Xander remained in charge of the entire operation. An army of about eight thousand troops was nowhere near the amount needed to hold Lake Raphia. Xander needed to find reinforcements. He knew where the closest soldiers were, but bristled at the thought of having to talk to that man. As fate would have it, Aric was the only person this man would possibly listen to.
Aric spent most of his time down by the training grounds. It was the only place that seemed to help pass the time without resorting to the bottle. Xander had forbidden him from consuming any more wine and threatened soldiers with imprisonment if they indulged him. Xander was in charge now and had already skillfully reorganized the entire city. Xander had told his younger sibling he was needed for a special mission, but Aric still had his doubts. 
“Aric, I need to talk to you, my brother.”
Aric couldn’t hear Xander. The sound of clashing steel filled the air, drowning everything else out. Aric’s opponent consistently backed away, blocking attacks but never offering much offense of his own. Truthfully, none of Aric’s opponents fought to their fullest capabilities, worried about the repercussions of accidentally harming their prince. Aric could sense it as well, and the thought only fueled his anger. He rammed his shield into his opponent, sending him toppling to the ground. Aric was on him in an instant, battering him with endless blows. The sparring match was over, but Aric continued his attack. Surrounding soldiers were unsure whether to intervene or not.
“Separate them!” Xander ordered. 
The soldiers pried Aric off his fallen opponent.
“Get your hands off of me! I’ll have your heads on pikes if you dare touch me again!”
“Aric!” Xander shouted.
Aric finally noticed Xander’s presence. Breathing heavily, he bent down and picked up his sword, placing it back in its scabbard. “What do you want, Xander?”
“I’m here to talk to you about your mission.”
“Oh, right. The ‘special mission’ to Major Kymon.”
“I did not lie to you when I told you that. You are the only one capable of accomplishing it.”
“Let’s have it, Xander. Let’s get this charade over with.”
Where their father would’ve shunned Aric for his lackadaisical and condescending attitude, Xander still felt pity.
“Listen, we are vastly low on soldiers here. We have barely eight thousand troops defending this entire city. I know for a fact that the enemy will come back with an army of no less than twenty thousand troops. It’s not a matter of if, but when. And when they come back, we will all be done for.”
“So what would you have me do about it?” Aric retorted.
Aric’s temper was rising quickly, so Xander grabbed him gently by the shoulders. The way he had always done when they were younger.  
“I need you to go to Sargatum and speak to Major Kymon. He has an army of ten thousand troops camped there. They’ve controlled Sargatum for years now, giving the Vicedonian Kingdom the best intelligence on any movements made by the enemy. But the fortress is defensible without that many troops. With an army of two thousand he could still maintain hold of the base. I need you to go to him and convince him to send us eight thousand of his troops.”
Major Kymon was not well liked amongst the Vicedonian leadership. He had been part of the king’s war council for many years before being thrown off for disobedience. An ill-tempered man who only sought his own gain, Major Kymon had obtained his seat on the war council through bribery and nepotism. His eldest cousin, General Constantine, had recommended him, and though bribery was never proven, the accusation stuck with him regardless. King Maximus, though hesitant to allow the appointment to stand, relented due to Major Kymon’s victories in the field. An outstanding warrior and leader, his skills on the battlefield were unquestionable. For that reason alone, he was allowed to remain. Debate about skills and strategies were not Major Kymon’s strong suit, though. His quick temper frequently escalated to scuffles with other captains during meetings. His final act of defiance came when King Maximus had ordered Major Kymon to halt his advance during the Battle of Thymbra. Kymon refused the order and pursued the enemies deep into the Thymbrain Caves. The pursuit had broken the Vicedonian defensive line and cost them the battle. Ill natured, stubborn, and impatient, Major Kymon had few friends amongst the Vicedonian high council. However, one person he was fond of was Aric.
“I have not seen Major Kymon in many years. What makes you think he’ll listen to me?”
“Because he has always been fond of you, Aric, ever since you were young. I believe it’s because he sees himself in you. If he’s going to listen to anyone, it’ll be you. Talk to him. Convince him to send us his troops. With those extra soldiers, we can maintain possession of Lake Raphia, Aric. A battle that began under your leadership, do not forget that. Lake Raphia is vital to winning this war. You gave us Lake Raphia… you can give us this war.”
Aric thought for a moment. The battle for Lake Raphia began under my leadership, but if not for Xander, I would be dead. Aric was torn; he was glad to be alive, but humbled by Xander’s help. A part of him resented the fact that Xander had, once again, saved the day. The people of Vicedonia will learn of Xander’s heroics, and marginalize Aric to the recesses of shame. He was going to refuse, but the mission suddenly presented Aric with an interesting option. This battle, though, it is not truly over. Xander may have intervened, turning the tide in our favor, but I still have a chance to finish what I started. To come back at the helm of an army of eight thousand troops would secure this battle for Vicedonia once and for all. Only I can pull this off. The battle for Lake Raphia will end in victory for Vicedonia because of me. That is the truth.
“Will you go, brother?”
Aric touched the scar on the bridge of his nose, wincing at the pain. “I’ll go, Xander.”



Chapter 44



The journey to Sargatum was exactly what Aric needed. The scenic landscapes and quiet surroundings gave him plenty of time to think things through. Back at Lake Raphia, everywhere he looked he was reminded of his failures thus far; the funeral pyre of the Krakens, Xander’s commanding presence, the cliff’s edge where death had whispered in his ear. Out here he could refocus his mind, rekindle his spirit, and figure out a way to successfully accomplish his mission. Ten days ride and the towering fortress of Major Kymon’s camp loomed off in the distance. Aric had left immediately following his discussion with Xander the previous night; Captain Titan accompanied the young prince along with a small contingent of soldiers.
“How it is that I’m not at Lake Raphia, preparing for the Renzai counterattack confounds me. Instead, I am to accompany baby prince, so he can have a talk with that callous dog, Major Kymon. A true waste of time, I tell you!” Titan kicked his horse, sending the beast galloping down the road ahead of the group.
A soldier with short, dark hair and a round face laughed out loud. “Baby prince! That’s a good one, Titan.”
Aric didn’t even bother reacting. Out here his powers were limited. He could also hear the whisperings of the soldiers behind him, cursing Xander for this farce of a mission. Instead, he kept his eyes on the scenic landscapes of the Issus Valley. Rolling plains of green covered the land as far as the eye could see. Wind rustling across the open grass brought with it a comforting breeze that seemed to carry Aric’s worries away, one by one. Off to his right, Aric could see wild animals roaming the hills, keeping their distance, but following his contingent with curious and hungry eyes. Knowing that his soldiers were ordered to protect him, especially having Titan around, helped to alleviate those fears.
Aric kept his eyes ahead of him, watching the birds fly high above. He wondered where they could be headed. Perhaps to the same place his childhood pets Castor and Pollux absconded to before leaving a broken hearted boy with an empty birdcage. He would never forget that day, unable to determine where they had gone; Aric simply gave up any attempt to find them. He had cried for days praying for their safe return, but they never did. That was many years ago, but he thought about his current circumstances. Perhaps now he could do things differently. Maybe he would resist the temptation to surrender again.
Aric observed with great curiosity as a lion chased a group of monkeys across the plains. The monkeys rushed towards the nearest tree, seeking the safety of its elevated branches. The lion was a physical specimen, with the speed and strength advantage. Quickly it gained on its targets, coming within a couple feet of the trailing monkey. The monkey at the head of the group made it to the base of the tree and quickly climbed, finding its way to a branch hanging above its predator. The remaining monkeys had begun to climb when the lion swiped with its massive paw, striking down two of them. The closest monkey turned and paused, hesitating over whether to help or not, but it was too late. The lion pounced on it, catching it by its tail and biting it in half. The lion eyed the monkey in the tree, eager to finish off all of its intended targets. The lion tried to climb the tree, but only managed a couple of feet before losing its grip and falling back to the ground. The lion persisted, but began to grow weary as the monkey looked on intently. For all its strength, the lion would not get what it desired. The monkey, though, trying to still defend itself threw branches and twigs, causing no significant injury to the lion, but managing to irritate the larger beast immensely. The lion roared loudly in frustration, but the monkey, knowing full well it was out of danger, paid it no attention. Instead, the mischievous simian unleashed its ultimate chemical weapon, urinating down upon the lion. The lion backed away immediately, either in disgust or utter confusion. It gave up the chase. It collected the three monkeys it had killed, and walked away.
Aric laughed at the scene. The audacity of the monkey to stoop to such low tactics in order to survive was humorous to him.
“The lion should’ve just cut down the tree. Then he would’ve easily killed the monkey,” spoke Titan.
Aric wanted to respond by stating the obvious futility of trying to cut down the large tree, but instead simply nodded in agreement.
As they made their way over a small inlet, they could see the Mountains of the Ancients off in the distance. Sargatum had been built into the side of the mountain range, offering any who occupied it a view of the entire Issus Valley below. It was here that the Vicedonians obtained their intelligence on enemy movements. The Renzai needed to maintain their positions far to the east of the Disputed Lands in order to remain undetected. Strategically, Sargatum was one of the most critical areas in the war, and the Vicedonians possessed it. Below, in the lush Issus Valley, the Vicedonian colony of Alesiuss had been planted, offering an abundant source of crops for the kingdom. The Renzai had tried on a number of occasions to raze Alesiuss, to cut off the food supply, but every move was easily anticipated. Counter attacks were quickly deployed, nullifying any enemy incursion. It was here that Major Kymon had been assigned. Most likely because it kept him occupied, but more importantly, it kept him isolated from the rest of the army.
As Aric’s company approached, the colossal guardians of the Ancients could still be seen, carved into the mountainside. Only two guardians were still distinguishable, as the other two had eroded away over time. They graced the entire side of the mountain, dubbed the Draco Guardians by the people from centuries past; they wore armor covered in dragon teeth and scales. Their feet consisted of three pointed claws, immaculately adorned by armor detailed with an array of mysterious visages. Images of dragons, gargoyles, and beautiful women were carved into their legs. Their torsos consisted of a dragon’s head, fangs covering the ribcage of the ancient guardian. Giant talons jutted out from its elbows, its head covered in a crown of spikes. It held a massive shield that covered its left side. In its right hand, it wielded a deadly scythe. Its eyes, silent and vigilant, watched over the surrounding lands, ready to defend its home.
A group of scouts caught sight of the new arrivals and began their descent from atop the mountain.
“Make your discussion quick so we can go back to Lake Raphia, baby prince. More important business to do there.” Titan’s frustration had only grown since the last time he had complained. Again, the soldier with short, dark hair and a round face laughed out loud.
Aric eyed him for a moment. “I’ll try to make it quick, Titan.” Aric waited patiently for the scouts to retrieve them. He could hear the remaining soldiers secretly waging private bets on whether Aric would succeed or not in obtaining the needed reinforcements.
The group of scouts approached quickly. Their commander, a tall man with deep-set eyes, spoke out. “My prince, your arrival is unexpected. Last we heard from intelligence was that you and Prince Xander were fortifying Lake Raphia. Congratulations on the victory, my lord.”
The soldiers chuckled at the notion of Aric’s involvement in the victory. The one with the short, dark hair blurted out, “Yes, Prince Aric destroyed the entire Renzai army by himself!”
The scout could not make sense of the situation, and why Prince Aric was allowing such outright disrespect, but it was not his place to say.
“Escort me to Major Kymon. I have urgent business with him.”
“Right away, my lord.”
“And also…” Aric slowly turned towards the soldier with short, dark hair. He raised his finger and pointed directly at him. “Execute that soldier. He has spoken out against the Vicedonian Kingdom. We all know the punishment for treason is death.”
The scouts were initially confused, but knew better than to ignore orders. They surrounded the soldier, his face gone completely white. The other soldiers did not make a sound, unsure if they would be next.
“Put him on his knees.” Aric commanded.
The scouts forced him down. The commander pulled out his sword. He placed the edge of the blade on the back of the soldier’s neck. The soldier shuddered from the cold steel. The commander raised the sword, ready to deliver the final blow.
“Wait!” Aric called out. He dismounted his horse and approached the soldier.
The soldier grabbed onto Aric’s feet, begging forgiveness. “Please, my lord. I never meant any disrespect! I beg of you, spare my life! Please!”
“Do not worry soldier, I only meant to teach you a lesson. I know you will never disrespect your prince again.” Aric slowly made his way towards the soldier’s back.
“Thank you, mmmy lord! You—”
The soldier’s head landed in his own hands, before tumbling to the ground. His eyes rolled back into his head, mouth agape, his final expression captured perfectly for the other soldiers to see. Aric wiped his bloody sword on the dead soldier’s cape.
Aric glared at the remainder of his troops, before mounting his horse. “Commander, if you will, my matter with Major Kymon is urgent.”
Aric told himself he would get these reinforcements no matter what the cost. With everything he had endured thus far, he had still survived. He was going to finish what he started.



Chapter 45



Madness. That’s what it’d been like in the capital since Raden returned from his training. Walking through the streets had now become an ordeal. He couldn’t go ten feet without someone bowing before him, or begging him to perform miracles. Children that he’d known before, friends of Kimi, now fell speechless before him. It had been strange, but Raden tried his best to be the hero they believed him to be. He did not want to disappoint or dash their hopes in him. A hopeful people are a powerful people, Raden, is what the Warrior had told him. What the Warrior revealed to Raden as they journeyed back to the capital had forever altered their relationship. The Warrior’s words now carried far more weight than before. Not that they didn’t prior; indeed, he was a member of the Ministry of Transcendence, his word was literally law, but now, they had forged a deeper connection.
The people will worship you; do not give them reason to doubt you, my child. Raden took those words to heart. He was maintaining fairly well, growing into his newfound role, but the parade yesterday had turned an already strenuous obligation into something ridiculous. Mothers wanted him to heal their sick children, those with missing limbs believed him capable of restoration. His power was unique, but he was not a god. He did his duty, made his public appearances, and displayed his power when called upon, but he longed to be home with Kimi and Lulu, his only refuge from the chaos.
Today had been his first day off from “The Candidate Tour of Slavery” as Gama liked to call it. Kimi, Lulu, and Raden had been relocated for safety reasons. They now resided within the protective confines of headquarters. Delicacies and other previously unknown confections now preoccupied Kimi’s mind. Her new favorite breakfast of strawberry ice cream and red bean steamed buns started the day, while Raden ate his hot porridge with pickled vegetables. She had told Raden all about her favorite classes and subjects from when he had been gone. How Mrs. Keo had been there to keep her busy and comfort her when she missed Raden. Lulu had been an amazing guard dog as well, diligently protecting her, and sleeping bedside every night. Her plethora of stories brought a sense of peace and normalcy to Raden that he longed to feel.
The afternoon was spent at Eko Park. It was nice to be out without being bombarded by a deluge of questions. Not that the scene was normal. Thirty or so security officers protected him, Kimi, and Lulu as they strolled through the park. Unnerving and eerily unnatural at first, Raden tried his best to adjust to it quickly because he knew nothing was going to change. The sooner he accepted his newfound celebrity, the sooner he could try and move on with his life.
They walked along the lake, tossing crackers to the fish. The tempting sounds of the ice cream man ringing his bell sent a bolt of excitement throughout Kimi’s body. She raced over to the ice cream man, Lulu nipping at her heels as she meticulously studied the menu. Strawberry, mango, lychee, and on and on the list went. Kimi narrowed it down to red bean or strawberry. She weighed the pros and cons of each one as she had learned to do so in school when making an important decision. Lulu barked in agreement when she finally decided on strawberry. Raden watched her enjoy every bite of the ice cream. 
She had grown up so quickly while he was gone, it seemed. He had always been there for her once their parents had passed. Kimi only an infant at the time, Raden just a seven-year-old boy with a baby sister to care for, but somehow he had done it. And now with his new power, he was going to bring an end to centuries of warfare. Usher in a time of peace so Kimi and other children like her could grow up without experiencing the hardships of war.
“You know, Kimi, when I leave on my next mission, I think I can help end all the fighting.”
Kimi looked up and smiled her big grin; strawberry stains on the sides of her mouth. “I know you will, Raden. Then you can be home all the time!”
“Yes, Kimi. That sounds perfect.” To be home and not have to continually leave her side was something he hoped would come true someday. And now the idea went from an impossible one to a possible one. He would not fail her. He could not. He would end this war no matter what it took. For the empire, for his people, for his friends, but most of all for the life he, Kimi, and Lulu deserved to have.
Raden’s final day off was spent high above the capital, hiking along the trails he used to explore when he was young. It was here that he was able to quiet his mind and take in the nature surrounding him. Raden followed the trails loosely, allowing his mind to wander and his body to follow. Kimi and Lulu, his only remaining family members, occupied his thoughts, eventually leading to questions about his parents. Being seven years old and abruptly orphaned was traumatic, to say the least. But the memories he still kept of his parents always encouraged him to remain strong and to take care of his family and responsibilities. Save Kimi, had been his father’s last words. And so he did.
Upon his arrival at the capital, Oba had taken him to the nearest orphanage, hugging him close before saying goodbye. You will survive this, Raden. Keep fighting to protect your family. You have strength in you. Over the next year, Raden bounced from one orphanage to the next. When the orphanages refused to take in Kimi or Lulu, Raden still found a way to keep them whole. Finding shelter in dark alleyways, turning junk and debris into a roof over their heads. Raden could care less about the appearance of his home; as long as his family stayed together, he was happy. However, the daily hunt for food made it difficult to live life on the streets.
Scavenging for food one day, Raden managed to pilfer half a loaf of bread from a vendor who wasn’t looking. He felt a rare sense of joy, believing the One was favoring him that day. He almost made it back to his hidden shelter in the alley when a group of other orphan boys confronted him. In the ensuing melee, Raden managed to hold his own against the group of would-be thieves, incapacitating two of them with blows to their crotches, while tackling the third to the ground. The fight was a blur, but Raden remembered being pulled off his opponent by a man in uniform. Settle down, youngblood. I’m not going to hurt you. Raden clutched onto his bread tightly, when the sound of Kimi crying nearby caught the man’s attention. After investigating Raden’s shelter, the man introduced himself. My name is Symin, a soldier of the empire. You’ve got a lot of fight in you, son. How would you feel about joining the military academy? We could use soldiers like you. They’ll teach you how to fight, and provide you with food and a shelter for your family. The proposition was almost too good to be true. Raden joined the academy immediately, happy that he was able to provide a sense of stability for his family. As the years passed by, though, Raden was unsure of how Kimi would react to his frequent military obligations. Kimi set his mind at ease, revealing maturity beyond her years. She and Lulu had always been there for him, and Raden promised he would return the favor.
It was dusk when Raden found himself at Soul Haven Cemetery, the sun dropping over the western mountains, coloring the sky in deep hues of purple and pink. The cemetery was large. Situated high above the city, it was a final resting place meant to raise the deceased up to the heavens, making their journey to the afterlife as quick as possible. Raden had only been here on one occasion prior, when a soldier in his division had been killed during a routine surveillance mission. Aside from the military presence, the soldier’s family in attendance was but a few. His parents wept openly as his younger brother clutched onto the handles of the coffin. The sorrow affected Raden more than he had realized. That night, he returned home promising himself he would never subject Kimi to that type of grief. He was going to protect everyone important to him. Now, though, he subconsciously found himself standing at the foot of Kara’s headstone.
Raden knelt down, etching his fingers slowly across her name. Kara. Memories of the funeral flashed across his mind. The service had been attended by more significant political figures than a military funeral dictated, but because she was General Yagar’s daughter, it seemed appropriate to do so. The five members of the Ministry of Transcendence were also present, an extreme rarity, but perhaps a telling sign of what Kara had truly meant to her people. Aside from her friends, comrades, and those closest to her, thousands of citizens lit candles in the foothills of the mountain to express their shared grief. General Yagar was a living legend amongst the Renzai, and his precious daughter an extension of that legacy. His loss and pain reverberated throughout the empire.
The oration was a blur to Raden; praises for her achievements and undying loyalty to her family and nation were drowned out by painful feelings of sorrow. Kimi clutched Raden tightly, her face buried in his robe which was soaking up an endless current of tears. She felt like she had lost an older sister in Kara, leaving an irreparable hole in her heart.
Raden recalled the sense of loss on Yagar’s face. He had been notified at once, leaving the remnants of his army in the charge of his captain. His usual stoic demeanor had finally broken, his eyes were distant, the wounds in his heart still too fresh to process. The falling rain washed over Yagar’s face, making it difficult to tell if it was water or tears that streamed down his eyes. The worst part of it all for Raden was the overwhelming feeling of guilt in his own heart. He had failed Kara and her father. Robbing Yagar of his only remaining family. He had broken his promise, for which there was no remedy.
When the funeral proceedings ended, Raden asked Gama to escort Kimi home. Needing to be alone, he waited for everyone else to depart. With no eyes to watch him, Raden finally allowed the emotions choking within him to come out. For what seemed like hours he cried, tears streaming down his face, apologizing over and over again to her, hoping she was still willing to listen to him from the heavens. He refused to leave her side, falling asleep by her gravestone. He awoke suddenly in the middle of the night, the thought of returning home to Kimi and Lulu finally wrenching him free from her.
But now, as he stared at her gravestone, the tears no longer poured out. He had cried them all away. He clutched the silver medallion tightly around his neck as rain began to fall, pattering off of Kara’s headstone. Fiery rays of daylight blazed off the sun-shaped medallion, the sigil of the Renzai people. Engraved upon the back was an image of a sunflower. Kara had given both Raden and Kimi the necklaces when she graduated from the academy. The sunflower held a special place in her heart, a fond memory of the friendship that Raden had offered her as a lonesome child. The inconspicuous game the two of them played everyday on the playground. She told them the flower meant she was always close by, her loving warmth keeping them safe, just as Raden had been for her.
The light sprinkles quickly turned into heavy showers, soaking him whole. It was as if the heavens had opened up and cried the tears he no longer had within him. Even the One was heartbroken about her death, it seemed. Raden closed his eyes, allowing the rain to wash over him. Cleansing him from within, washing the grief and sorrow away that his guilt would not allow him to let go of. In this purification, he knew there was one thing he could do now, and that was to put an end to this war. To finish what they had started together. To never allow her death to be in vain. He unclasped the necklace and caressed the image of the sunflower between his fingers. He had worn it for luck on every one of his missions. Kara had always been a part of his life. Raden thanked her for her friendship, for the way she had cared for Kimi, loving her as close as family. He thanked her for showing him what it was like to be loved, and to be in love.
The sun reappeared from behind a swarm of heavy grey clouds. The sky lightened as he asked Kara for one final request. Please ask the One to protect me on my mission, so that all this pain and suffering will end. So no other Renzai families will lose the people they love. The rain subsided and the sun bathed him in rays of warmth. He felt cleansed and renewed, ready to take on his final mission. Raden walked over to the edge of the cliff overlooking the capital below. The Renzai army mobilized before him. Over twenty thousand troops strong. This was it; this was truly the end. With an army of such size and power, and a true Candidate to lead them, Raden knew he would not fail. He looked up to the heavens and whispered.
“For you, Kara… for all of us.”



Chapter 46



“Right down the center.”
Raden stared at General Sako. The plan seemed too direct and simplistic even for a force of their size, but Sako’s eyes made even Raden shudder. She was the youngest of the three generals in the Renzai army, but quite possibly the most intimidating. She was tall, towering over most men. Her long white hair highlighted by a single dark strip across her bangs accentuated her hauntingly colored eyes. Her pupils appeared perpetually dilated, the black irises covering up most of the sclera. Staring into them was akin to staring into a void. Raden tried to refocus on the conversation at hand.
“That would be the most direct path, but extremely high risk. Our army vastly outnumbers the Vicedonians, but they still maintain the better position in this attack.”
“You possess the power of the One and yet you quibble about tactics? We will drive down the center of the Issus Valley, raze the Vicedonian colony of Alesiuss, and drive out the armies at Sargatum. General Yagar is returning to his army east of Lake Raphia. They’ve been in position there since the retreat. Ten thousand additional soldiers are being sent with him, but we need to preoccupy the forces at Sargatum so the enemy won’t notice any troop movement. Once Yagar arrives with his additional troops, he will take back Lake Raphia. By the end of this offensive, we will have control of both Lake Raphia and Sargatum, two of the three vital points in the Disputed Lands.”
Her logic made more sense than Raden cared to admit. Raden had no reason to fear these Vicedonian armies any longer. Word from headquarters was that Prince Xander had taken control of Lake Raphia. Yagar would undoubtedly break their lines and overtake them with his fresh troops. There was nothing to be afraid of now. He nodded his head in agreement. It was time to march.
The Renzai army made its way from the outermost edges of the Renzai Empire, marching from the border city of Tayo by the River Fate to the peaceful fishing village of Muye. The army marched by silently, but the ground shook beneath the weight of their might. Villagers gazed at them in awe, a young boy hid behind his father, peeking out to catch a glimpse of the Renzai army. Raden stared at them both, smiling and nodding gently. They gazed back intently.
“Father, isn’t that—”
“Shhh… stay quiet, son.” They watched as Raden disappeared into the front of the vanguard.
Another week’s time had passed and now they found themselves at the edges of the Issus Valley. Dusk had begun to settle in, and Raden could see off in the distance Vicedonian villagers tilling their lands, collecting crops, and going about their daily lives. A feeling of déjà vu struck him unexpectedly.
Sako could see the hesitation in Raden’s eyes. “We do not have time to save every person. They live in a time of war; that is how it is.”
“I will not have innocent blood spilled by my hands, General Sako. There’s always another way.”
Sako did not like waiting, but begrudgingly complied. Without Raden on board, this offensive was doomed for failure. The army descended into the Issus Valley, marching down the center, straight towards Sargatum off in the distance. The Vicedonian guards positioned in the defensive turrets could not believe their eyes. An endless stream of soldiers continued to flood the valley. The Vicedonian guards scampered to their battle positions. Arrows volleyed out from the turret towers. Catapults launched massive boulders doused in oil and set aflame. The bombardment of lethal objects filled up the evening sky.
Raden closed his eyes, slowed down his heart rate, and drew in slow and sustained breaths. He clasped his left hand over his right, moving them slowly in a counter-clockwise motion. A spark ignited between his hands; he could feel the heat emanating from it. The faster his hands moved, the larger the spark grew before it exploded, completely engulfing his forearms. He opened his eyes and unleashed a cloud of fire into the sky. Every arrow incinerated away. The flaming boulders shattered apart, scattering debris across the valley. Nothing but dust landed amongst the Renzai army.
Before the Vicedonians could decide whether to launch another attack, the turrets exploded to pieces. The Renzai army returned the Vicedonian greeting in-kind. Raden and General Sako watched as soldiers flailed wildly through any opening they could find. Within a matter of minutes, the first line of defense had been decimated. Raden continued the methodic charge down the valley. He blasted the second defensive line with a massive fireball, destroying it in an instant. General Sako motioned to continue the devastating march when Raden suddenly coughed up a bit of blood.
“Raden? What is it?”
“It’s nothing. Don’t worry about me. We keep moving.” He wiped the blood on his cloak, staining the Renzai sunburst with streaks of red.
The third and fourth defensive borders suffered the same fate as the first. It was utter annihilation. Every Vicedonian soldier killed. Those who thought they managed to escape were brought down immediately.
The army marched to the border of Alesiuss. Villagers dropped their hoes and pitchforks, screaming as they fled for safety. Renzai archers readied their bows before Raden raised his hand into the air, waving them off. Raden watched intently as the villagers escaped; old and young, parents and children, these were innocent people. He watched a little boy trying to keep up with his mother. The boy suddenly tripped, screaming out for his mother to wait for him. She turned around to see her child reaching out for her. She raced back, picked him up, and carried him off with all the strength she could muster. Raden’s eyes widened, his breathing labored, his heart pounding in his chest.
“We need to continue the attack.” General Sako urged as she stared at Raden; his eyes appeared to be welling up.
Raden’s arm was still raised in the air, the Renzai army waiting for his cue to advance, but instead, Raden ordered them to lower their weapons.
“No… not yet. We’ll give them enough time to evacuate the city before we raze it.”
“How much time do you intend to give them, Raden?” Sako massaged the shaft of her pole-arm, itching to use it in battle seemingly.
“Until they are gone, General Sako.” He looked straight into her eerie eyes. “Your desire for battle will be quenched soon enough.”
“The sooner the better, Raden.”
Sako let go of her pole-arm, a brutal weapon christened Reaver; it was composed of a long iron handle with an oversized butcher’s blade affixed to the tip. She complied despite her stoic appearance. When it appeared that a quarter of the colony had been emptied, Raden began the attack. Fields after fields of fresh crops were set afire. Homes burnt to the ground. Nothing escaped Raden’s power. The markings of the Ancients canvassed the destruction. Thick black smoke billowed into the night sky, charring the stars high above till they dimmed out of sight. Moonlight that cascaded across Alesiuss in a serene radiance was replaced by an angry blaze of crimson fire.
Thoughts of Kara fueled him again. He thought of Gama and Oli recovering in the hospital. After the incident at Kih Bayar, the trip back home had nearly killed the two of them as they carried Raden. After his training with the Warrior, he visited the two of them in the hospital. Gama’s right arm had been severely damaged. Broken in two different places, screws and metal braces kept it tenuously together. Oli recovered alongside Gama. Animals were to be treated at a different hospital, but Gama’s insistence at not being separated from her had convinced the staff to decide otherwise.
“We brought back the hero of this war! The true Candidate, Raden Nite!” was what he screamed incessantly until they decided to allow Oli to stay. Gama got a kick out of the fact that his tantrum actually worked. He kept Oli close by; her jaw had been broken by the beast’s uppercut and needed to be wired shut. Oli’s body language revealed her pain, but she was comforted to remain close by Gama’s side.
Thoughts of Kimi pushed Raden to pick up the pace. An entire city burned to ashes around him. The city had been destroyed, and a major food supply to the Vicedonian army had been severed. The army stood amongst the ruin caused by Raden’s powers. Sargatum loomed ominously ahead. One of the few remaining artifacts of the Ancients, it had been hewn out of the mountain itself. Rows of windows stretched across the rock face. With a one hundred and eighty degree view of the Issus Valley, the Vicedonians watched every movement below.
General Sako rode up next to Raden. “They must’ve caught on to our attack by now. They can watch us from inside the mountain fortress.”
“Then we’re just going to have to make things harder for them to see.”
Raden lifted his arms into the air. Sweat dripped off his brow. His muscles tensing as he harnessed his powers. Instead of fire this time, smoke began to flow from his hands. The smoke clouds grew larger and larger until Sargatum was completely obscured. The army marched behind Raden as the smoke thickened.
After catching his breath, he turned to Sako. “By the time this smoke disappears, the Vicedonians will see an army of twenty thousand Renzai soldiers standing at their doorstep. You might want to have Reaver ready.”



Chapter 47



The interior architecture of Sargatum was a baffling maze. The scout led Aric and company up and down stairs, through hallways that headed in the opposite direction that logic dictated. Undoubtedly, without a guide they would’ve been lost. Part of Sargatum’s impenetrable defense was not just its geographic location. 
Yes, it was nigh impossible to penetrate from the outside. Rows of windows lined the outer walls in a semi-circle. Archers positioned in every arrowslit had an unobstructed view of the western, eastern and southern sections of the Issus Valley. The only other accessible path was through the northern route that Aric had come up, but the thousands of Vicedonian guards protecting it easily deterred any would-be intruders.
If someone managed to bypass the outer defenses, though, they would find themselves in a bewildering set of stairwells and tunnels. None of it could be made sense of at a glance. It was rumored that a quarter of the fortress was still a mystery. The Ancients built the castle long ago, assumedly; the Draco Guardians etched into the outer wall were the only indication of their presence here. Their architects were either clever to construct such a place—or mad. Aric couldn’t help but think it was the latter as he walked down the hallways.
“Here you are, my lord, please wait a moment as I announce your arrival to Major Kymon.”
Aric simply nodded as Titan and his entourage stared in awe at the cobwebs of stairs they had just come up. The door opened suddenly, startling the group.
“Prince Aric, the little lad with the big mouth, welcome to Sargatum! Come in, come in.” Major Kymon wrapped his tree trunk of an arm around Aric, escorting him inside his chambers.
“He’s not as acidic as Prince Xander said he’d be. He’s actually kind of friendly,” a flat-faced guard with red hair whispered to Titan.
Major Kymon grabbed the guard by his throat, thrusting him violently against the wall. “Shut your mouth and speak only when spoken to, trash! Do I make myself clear, boy?”
The breath rushed out of the guard’s lungs as he nodded emphatically in agreement. Before he slid to the floor, Major Kymon had already made his way down the hallway, reuniting with Prince Aric.
They entered a spacious room with five large windows revealing an amazing view of the Issus Valley and Alesiuss. Major Kymon made his way into a large, comfortable chair covered in bearskin. “So what has brought the young prince all the way out to the middle of the Disputed Lands?”
Aric cleared his throat. “Before I begin, may I say how good it is to see you again, Major Kymon. You are missed back at Mount Syphax.”
Major Kymon snorted so loudly snot dribbled over his upper lip. He wiped it away with his hand, laughing at Aric’s suggestion.
“Do not fool yourself. They do not miss me, young prince. That much I know for a fact. They requested my presence and input on their snotty war council only for me to be mocked and cast off like a beaten dog. They sent me here to Sargatum because they wanted me chained to a pole, to be kept out of trouble.” Major Kymon leaned back in his chair, wiping his snot-covered hand across the bearskin. “But that’s been fine by me. This castle has been a blessing in disguise really. It is easily defended and my men are healthy and happy. The colony below provides us with more food than we need. There is plenty of entertainment in the villages. The Renzai army avoids this area at all cost to mask their movements. My situation here is quite good.”
“I’m glad you are enjoying your post. But my presence today comes at a high price for you.”
The comment made Major Kymon pause halfway through a gulp of wine. His eyebrows rose at first, and then burrowed deep into his thick forehead.
“What is it you ask?” Major Kymon stared at Aric inquisitively.
Aric took a deep breath before beginning.
“Prince Xander… and myself… request eight thousand of your troops to fortify Lake Raphia. Sargatum does not require so many troops to defend it.” The confidence grew as the words flowed out of him with less hesitation. “The castle itself is nearly impenetrable. We are vastly low on troops, and we need them quickly before the Renzai return for a counterattack.”
Major Kymon bristled at the request.
“You expect me to send eight thousand of my men to help pompous Prince Xander with his mission? I think not, young prince. I may be fond of you, but your family is a different matter. Your father has always treated me with disdain; even after my many victories for the kingdom, he was reluctant to add me to his precious war council. And as for Prince Xander, he is just like his father, a boy in love with his own mind. His plans were always right, where I was always wrong. No, Prince Aric, I will not help your family with their needs. I have been essentially banished to this maze of a castle. They want me to keep my distance? I shall oblige them in that endeavor.”
Aric’s army was slipping away. He needed to do something quickly before Major Kymon sent him back empty handed. He was about to speak up when Major Kymon interrupted.
“Prince Aric, if you would.” Major Kymon walked over to the large windows on the other side of the room, beckoning to Aric. “You see out there. That is the colony I protect. Look down by the foot of the castle, now what do you see?”
Aric leaned out the window a bit, unsure of what he was looking for. His eyes scanned back and forth before finally, he noticed the human bodies piled up below.
“Those are what we do to traitors and criminals here. We take them to the top of the mountain, and give them a slight push. They fall to their deaths below, screaming and pleading for mercy. It isn’t battle, but it sure is entertaining. My men will not leave this place. And I have no reason to make them do so otherwise.”
“But, Major Kymon, if not for my family, then for my sake. I have always been fond of you and your ideals. How many times have I sided with you within the halls of the war council?”
Major Kymon sat back down in his chair. “Yes, Prince Aric. If this request were for you, I would perhaps consider it. You have always supported me when nobody else would. But knowing that this request comes from Prince Xander and not you, my decision is final.”
Aric’s anger was beginning to rise. He had tried to be patient and diplomatic in his approach, carefully choosing his words so as not to offend Major Kymon. But the strategy had gotten him nowhere. He needed his soldiers, and he resolved to get them by doing things the only way he knew how.
“Major Kymon, it’s a shame you are no longer on my father’s war council. They’ve missed you terribly.”
“They don—”
“Yes,” Aric interrupted. “They do, Major Kymon. They miss your distinct odor. How did my father put it? Like a dead boar, doused in filth, and left out in the sun.”
“Watch your words, Prince Aric!”
“Yes, a shame you’re no longer there. It’s an interesting story I hear about how you were appointed to the war council in the first place.”
“What are you talking about?” Major Kymon rose from his chair.
“Rumors of bribery are what I heard, certain officials being paid off for their support. But then again, those are just rumors.” Aric watched Major Kymon’s response carefully.
“You have no proof, boy. Nobody had any proof to those rumors.”
“I’m a Prince of Vicedonia. I know more information than you think.”
“You hold yourself too high, Prince Aric. You are in the Disputed Lands now, you should remember that.”
“I’m your prince, Kymon! I demand my troops!”
“You li—”
Before Major Kymon could finish his sentence, an explosion of fire blasted off in the distance. They looked out the window and could see the far end of the colony covered in black smoke.
“What the hell is going on?”
A soldier burst through the door panting heavily. “Captain, the colony is under attack.”
“I can see that you idiot, by whom and why did we not notice anything?”
“Villagers are beginning to flood in, they claim it’s the Renzai army. And…”
“And what, moron? Say it.”
“And they say they have… a dragon with them.”
Everyone in the room looked at each other in disbelief, unsure what to make of the soldier’s words.
“What kind of nons—” Another explosion cut off Major Kymon’s words. The fire below was burning its way through the entire colony now. The black billowing smoke made it difficult to see anything. If there was an army below, they could not locate it.
A commotion had begun by the piles of dead bodies. Villagers were running away from the fire, streaming out of the thick smoke and crowding below. They cried and pleaded for assistance.
“Please help us! The Renzai are here! They’re destroying everything! Everything is on fire!”
Before Major Kymon could do anything, the villagers began to climb atop the piles of dead bodies, trying to make their way into the first floor windows. The windows were still well out of reach, twenty feet above the ground, but the villagers were desperate. They began to throw ropes with makeshift hooks attached. One of the villagers’ hooks stuck, and she began to climb. Archers in the windows readied their arrows, but were unsure of what to do. They awaited their orders nervously.
“Major Kymon, what do we do, sir?” The messenger soldier begged for orders.
Major Kymon thought for a moment before issuing his command. “Shoot them down! Nobody enters the castle!”
Aric watched below as the villagers continued their ascent. The twangs of quivers and bows were soon heard. Arrows impaled the villagers below, sending them crashing into the pile of bodies. Villagers continued to climb where others had failed, desperate to escape the blazing smoke and fires behind them.
“They won’t stop, sir! There’s nowhere for them to go but into the castle.”
Major Kymon knew he could not care for thousands of stranded villagers. The food he had in storage was plentiful for his troops, but not enough for the villagers. And now that the fields had been scorched, food was at a premium.
“Continue firing! Do not let them in!”
The archers loosed arrow after arrow, adding to the pile of bodies below. They fired away until a thick smoke began to obstruct their vision. The smoke made its way through the castle windows, permeating the inside. Soldiers choked, struggling to breathe in the limited oxygen available. Everyone in the room fell to their knees, overcome by the smothering intensity of the inferno.
The sound of explosions, together with the rattling of heavy impact, shook the room. That’s when the ground began to shake. Aric thought it was an effect of the explosions, but began to notice the shaking occurring at steady intervals. The soft rumbling slowly turned into a thunderous drumbeat. Aric felt he was trapped in a horrible nightmare, unable to breath, and a victim of this symphony of destruction. He didn’t know how much longer he could hold on. Major Kymon, Titan, and everyone else were suffering the same fate. It was only a matter of time before the smoke suffocated them to death.
Aric rolled onto his back. Covering his mouth provided no relief. His eyes watered from the smoke, his limited vision only offered him shades of grey, his hearing was bombarded by deafening explosions, and the taste of ash coated his throat. The world began to slip away as his breathing slowed to a whisper. Every breath out was countered by inhaling more noxious fumes. Aric closed his eyes; at least that would reduce the stinging sensation. The world began to slip away; it’s almost too peaceful, he thought to himself. But that’s when the rhythmic beating stopped. Everything stopped. It was eerily quiet when the smoke began to dissipate. Slowly, Aric realized he could see his comrades littered across the floor of the room. They took in deep breathes of precious air as the smoke vanished. Life had returned to Aric, wiping his watery eyes dry; he made his way to his feet and stumbled slightly before regaining his footing. From behind him he heard Major Kymon’s voice.
“Dragon.” He spoke in an uncharacteristically low tone.
Aric turned around to see Major Kymon staring out the window. He, Titan, and the rest of the soldiers made their way over to the balcony. The smoke had cleared, and they could see the ruins of the colonies below. The entire Issus Valley had been torn asunder. At the foot of the base were the bodies of the villagers. Suffocated by the smoke, none of them had survived. The pile now reached the first floor windows. And in between the villagers and the remains of the Vicedonian colony of Alesiuss stood twenty thousand Renzai soldiers. At the helm, stood a young man whose entire body was lit afire.



Chapter 48



“We’re dead,” uttered the flat-faced soldier with the red hair. The words hung heavy in the air as they stared at the ominous army below. “There’s too many of them. And they have what looks like a dragon, for Creator’s sake! Even with an equal sized army we couldn’t defeat them! That power alone could torch us to the ground, just like he did to the colony. There’s no hope here! Running is our only chance!”
Major Kymon unsheathed his giant broadsword. “If you run, I will cut you down for cowardice! You are a Vicedonian soldier; you fear nothing, no one! Don’t you remember your oath?”
“But that enemy is unbeatable? How are we suppose to—”
The sword slid into his belly and out his back. Major Kymon pulled his sword free as the soldier’s body collapsed to the ground.
“I have no time for cowards! We will defend Sargatum till the end. This fortress hasn’t been penetrated through centuries of warfare. Even this army before us will not have an easy task ahead of them!”
A soldier came barreling through the doorway, panting heavily.
“Captain! Multiple arrowslits and windows have been blown apart by the enemy’s attack. The enemy’s catapults blew open gaping holes on multiple floors. Over a hundred archers were killed in the initial attack. What are your orders, sir?”
“Everyone to their battle stations, release every piece of weaponry that we have against this army! Rain down hell on the—”
“Incoming!” Titan hollered loudly. They all looked up and saw the enemy’s innumerable catapults launch another attack. The large boulders covered the sky, arching high above before crashing down into the interior of the castle. Aric braced for the impact, but oddly, did not feel the castle walls shake as they did before. Instead, he heard the sound of breaking wood and splashing water behind him.
What was that attack? Aric wondered.
Titan made his way over to the broken barrel behind them. A gooey substance now covered the floor. He reached down and wiped a bit of the substance on his finger. He smelled it first, and then tasted it to confirm his suspicion.
“What is it?” Major Kymon asked.
“It’s oil.”
Major Kymon was perplexed. “Why would they launch barrels of oil at…” his own words revealed the truth to him. “The dragon… everybody get down!”
Raden sent a column of fire through the gaping holes and straight into the center of the castle. As the fire mixed with oil, the combustible reaction exploded into a grand fireball that sent hundreds of Vicedonian soldiers flying out the windows along with tons of mountainous debris. The Vicedonians were already low on soldiers, but now their impenetrable castle had been severely damaged, too. The Renzai army rose up multiple ladders and began to ascend into the castle. Raden was about to advance up the ladders when he finally noticed the pile at the foot of the fortress. It was difficult to tell at first; dirt, ash, and debris covered them, but Raden could still see bodies moving around in the heap. Arrows littered the ground, pinned to everything. Raden hadn’t noticed them at first, his focus centered on destroying the fortress, but now he couldn’t take his eyes off of these poor people. But who were they? 
His eyes searched the pile up and down, and then he saw someone he recognized. The little boy who tripped earlier sat in his mother’s lap, her arms wrapping him tightly as they leaned against the bottom of the pile, neither of them moving. An arrow jutted out of the boy’s chest, the other end trailing out of his mother’s back. Raden’s knees felt weak. He took a couple steps back before collapsing to the ground. Raden’s mind was reeling now. He had given the villagers the chance to flee, but it didn’t seem to matter. They still lied dead before him, some with their eyes still open, staring at him accusingly.
General Sako sensed Raden’s confusion. “Raden! We need to continue the attack! Bombard the castle with another blast!”
Raden barely noticed Sako. Her voice distant, her words muffled. Raden sat on the ash-covered ground, his shoulders sagged low, his head hung, heavy with grief. His eyes were wide open, tears already beginning to form.
“Raden! You need to focus! Continue the attack!” Sako was losing patience. She made her way towards Raden; if her words weren’t getting through to him, then perhaps a more physical approach was needed. She grabbed Raden by the collar of his robe. “You need to—”
A wall of heat sent her soaring across the battlefield. Sako hit the ground hard, her body tumbling wildly before she skidded to a stop. Her head still woozy from the sudden attack, she looked at her surroundings, trying to remind herself where she was. Renzai soldiers close by ran around frantically, flames trailed off of their bodies. They threw themselves into the dirt ground, desperately smothering the painful infernos. Sako looked over to where Raden once sat. She could still see flashes of him, his dark silhouette appearing intermittently behind flickering tendrils of fire. “Raden…” she whispered. That’s when the blazing inferno surrounding him erupted, consuming Raden whole.



Chapter 49



He found himself in a familiar place. He swam to the surface of the fiery lake, breaking free from its stifling prison. He looked up to see a giant temple burning down to ashes. The roaring flames combusted suddenly, sending a massive column crashing into the lake below. The wave of fire pushed Raden below the surface once again. His body spun around uncontrollably, completely losing his orientation. He couldn’t fight it, so he let go, allowing the fiery water to take him where it wanted to. The wave finally washed over him, giving Raden a brief moment of clarity and the chance to refocus. He made his way back to the lake’s surface and could now clearly see Carhay burning around him. The Grand Temple of the One, peeling apart once again. Villagers, faces he once knew as a child, running for their lives, snapping tendrils of fire closing in on them. The faster they ran, the faster the fire gained in speed, catching them and drowning them in its overwhelming power.
Raden noticed a shadowy figure off in the distance, high above the mountains. He focused in on him, remembering vividly the moment he had seen him as a child. Unexpectedly, though, Carhay began to transform, and Sargatum loomed high above him now. But all around him, he still heard the shrill cries of villagers trying to escape. The fiery images of the villagers ran past him, some even through him as they cried out for help. Raden looked up and at the top of Sargatum, the shadowy figure remained. He stood still and silent, seemingly reluctant to participate in the chaos. Was it reluctance or doubt that restrained him? No, Raden knew immediately why he had remained distant. It was regret. Regret that lingers in your heart, saturated by years of guilt, growing into a burden so heavy that not a night goes by without reminding you of what you’ve done. How could I?
A familiar voice called out in Raden’s mind. But you did not kill them, child.
“How am I innocent of this atrocity?” Raden spoke out loud.
The One answered back. Because, child, you gave them the chance to flee. 
“It didn’t matter! None of it mattered! They were innocent, and I… killed them.”
You didn’t kill—
“I KILLED ALL OF THEM!” Raden slammed his head into his palms. The tears poured down in between his fingers, down the backs of his hands, bathing his forearms with salty bitterness. “I killed all of them… all of them…” Raden squeezed his eyes shut, gritting his teeth tightly. “Poppa… Momma… I should’ve saved them. I didn’t keep my whole family together. I didn’t do enough.”
Child.
“And then… Kara. I watched her die… and I couldn’t do a thing to stop it!” Raden pressed his head against the ground, slamming his fist into it. “I’m so sorry, Kara. I’m so sorry…”
Raden. A voice called out to him softly, but this wasn’t the voice of the One. A tender hand, glowing faintly with subdued flames, touched Raden’s chin, lifting his head gently off the ground. The burning village surrounding Raden dissipated, a single figure kneeled before him now. You didn’t kill me, Raden. You didn’t kill your parents.
“Kara…”
Her entire body glowed softly with white fire; she looked heavenly. She placed her hand over Raden’s chest. Let it go, Raden. It’s not your fault. None of it is your fault. 
Raden placed his hand over hers. The warmth of her body pervaded into his.
You were only a child, Raden. There’s nothing you could’ve done to save your parents. But you keep the memory of them alive through Kimi. You’ve done everything they’ve asked, and you’ve done it beautifully. That’s why I fell in love with you. Kara tenderly cupped her hands around Raden’s face.
“It’s not fair… all of you should still be here. It’s been so hard without you.”
I miss you, too, Raden, but it was my time to rejoin the One. You have to know that there’s nothing you could’ve done to save me. None of us could’ve stopped the beast. Combined we were still no match. You didn’t kill me, Raden… the beast did. She caressed the hair out of his eyes. 
Raden stared deep into her eyes, grasping her hand tightly. “How could I kill—”
And you didn’t kill the villagers either. You gave them a chance to flee. More than you were given when your family was taken from you. They fled into the arms of their own people, and were betrayed. You couldn’t have known that would happen. Do not burden your heart with guilt for what you are innocent of. Wash your hands clean of these troubles that haunt you. You have been given a chance to do great things for our people, Raden. The One has chosen you. Focus your mind, and remember your true mission, for your people, your family, for me.
Raden thought about Kara’s words. Perhaps she was right. He had never been able to truly forgive himself, but he finally allowed the truth of her words to sink in. They took hold within his soul, and he could feel the guilt begin to wash away. None of it is my fault. The warmth of her touch began to set his mind at ease.
We will be together again someday, when the One decides to call you home. Until then, I will always be watching over you. Kara held him close, gently kissing him. But for now, it is time for you to return. Remember your mission, Raden. She let go of him, her body radiating more brilliantly than before. She illuminated brighter and brighter, blinding Raden, forcing him to cover his eyes. In a flash she disappeared, and Raden once again kneeled before Sargatum. Every soldier stared at him wearily.
General Sako watched the blazing inferno that had engulfed Raden slowly die down, until all she could see was Raden, kneeling on the ground, smoke sizzling off his body, still as ever.
She approached him cautiously. “Raden?”
He stared at her, this time acknowledging her question. “I’m sorry about that, General Sako. I’m… fine.” Raden tried to get up, but his body was still drained. 
“You should remain back. It appears you are done for now. The army will take it from here. Besides, I cannot afford to lose you in the melee. You are too vulnerable in your weakened condition. You may be endowed with the One’s powers, but you still are human, and thus mortal. Remain here until the battle is over.”
Raden knew he was too exhausted for battle, so he heeded General Sako’s words, nodding his head slightly, acquiescing to her order. She promptly left him, advancing into the melee. Raden watched General Sako lead the charge down the center. Major Brok, whose sheer size made him easy to spot from a distance, led the charge up the left side, while Captain Symin took the right. Symin spotted Raden staying back.
“Don’t worry, youngblood, it’ll be over before you know it!”
Major Brok was the first to make it up the ladder and into the base. His stone gloves wiped away multiple Vicedonian soldiers at a time. Five soldiers jumped onto his back in an attempt to wrestle him to the ground. Brok tossed two of them out of the castle, while he smashed the other three into the ground. Approaching soldiers witnessed his incredible strength and quickly turned around. Brok picked up a large piece of debris and hurled it across the hallway, knocking the soldiers to the ground. He made his way down the hallway, chasing down more Vicedonian troops. They weaved left and right, but Brok was quick for his size and kept pace with them. He cornered the soldiers against a demolished staircase. Brok lowered his shoulders and charged. Before he got close enough, the ceiling above him caved in, and an enormous weight pinned him to the ground. The Vicedonian soldiers took the opportunity to run around the debris and escaped down the hallway. Brok tried to get up, but felt someone’s foot pressing down against his chest. Whoever it was, was exceptionally strong.
“You’re a big fella, aren’t ya? Finally someone worthy of challenging me.” Titan stomped on Brok’s chest again, sending him crashing through the floor and landing on the level below. Titan jumped down and examined the pile of newly formed rubble. He was kicking away a large piece of stone when Brok suddenly grabbed a hold of his leg and swung him around, smashing him into the wall. Titan reached for his hammer and swung at Brok’s head, but Brok blocked the blow with his stone gloves. They swung, parried, and blocked back and forth, neither giant able to gain a significant advantage.
“You’re good, but my people say I am born from the Creator and his family,” shouted Titan.
“Your many gods mean nothing to me. The One is the only true god in this world.”
Brok charged Titan, tackling him down a flight of steps. The two behemoths tumbled down the large staircase, battering each other in the process. They landed in a heap of rubble, and Titan picked up Brok and bodyslammed him head-first into the ground. Titan stepped back and landed a powerful kick that sent Brok crashing into the massive iron chandelier above the room. Brok, shaken but not deterred, stood up and charged again. Titan flung his hammer at the chandelier, the sharpened blade on the backside of the hammer severing the chain. The giant chandelier landed atop Brok before he could react, burying him several feet into the ground.
Titan waited this time before approaching. Nothing seemed to move at all. Titan crept his way over to his hammer, carefully picking it up while never losing sight of the chandelier. He could see Brok’s stone hand jutting out from beneath the rubble, still and lifeless. Titan relaxed a bit, settling into his victory. He turned to make his way up the stairs when the steps suddenly shattered apart. Brok grabbed Titan by the throat and punched him so hard in the chest that Titan went flying through the next two rooms. Brok walked over to pick up his stone glove, fitting it snugly onto his left hand.
“This fight is far from over, blasphemer.”
General Sako was steadily making her way up to the top. Where the stairs and hallways became convoluted, she simply improvised by using her incredible athletic ability. Leaping from one balcony to the next railing, and up to higher ground. She flipped herself up to the level above and saw her path obstructed by twelve Vicedonian soldiers. They spread out and completely surrounded her. She counted them out, studying their weapons and movements. Their body language revealed how intimidating she could be, arms shaking, fidgety feet, and the nervous sound of metal rattling against metal. Her reputation for violence indeed preceded her.
She lowered herself into a ready stance and nodded for them to attack. They knew better than to attack her one by one; there was no chance in such a tactic. Intel on General Sako suggested that they needed to attack her at once, in hopes of landing a blow she did not see coming.
“We attack together!” One of the soldiers, presumably the highest ranking one, called out. They circled her a bit longer before they began the assault. As they closed in on her, she swung Reaver a full three hundred sixty degrees around her body. The wind generated by the move knocked all twelve soldiers off their feet. She leapt over to four of them and swung once, bifurcating all of them instantly. She dug the shaft of Reaver into the ground, vaulting over the blades of the next four soldiers, and swung again; this time all four lost their legs. As the last four charged her, she sliced across all of their swords, shattering them in half. As they stood there stunned by her power, she twirled to her right, sending the bladed edge of Reaver across all four of their necks. In four swings she had defeated twelve enemies. Still, she thought that took too long. She turned the corner of the next hallway, and saw Prince Aric running up a staircase. Her black pupils widened excitedly before she pursued her next target.
Captain Symin made his way through the right side of the castle with his Howler squad behind him. Most of the enemies that approached did not last long, the Howler squad making short work of them. Symin had just become an officer when he discovered Raden on the streets. Perhaps it was Raden’s circumstances, or the fact that he reminded Symin of his own younger brother who had passed away in childhood that made Symin reach out a helping hand. Symin protected and advised Raden, keeping him on the right track. Raden always looked up to Symin and his Howler squad. They were a special division gathered from all the tribes. The best of the best, an elite fighting force. They were called upon for the most difficult missions because they never seemed to fail. Symin’s leadership and discipline commanded respect from his team, and from everyone else.
Raden felt fortunate to have come under the watchful eye of Symin and thanked the One for placing him with such a person. Raden dreamt about becoming a member of the Howler squad, but Symin never supported the idea. He knew somehow that Raden would amount to more. There was resilience in him that Symin admired. Perhaps Raden would even command his own squad someday. Even Raden couldn’t believe that Symin knew he would be destined to become a Candidate, though. Raden always obeyed his superiors and followed his orders without question, but he only truly respected a few of them. General Yagar and Captain Symin had affected his life in such positive ways. Symin constantly had a smile on his face. He was popular with the ladies and always ready to provide his witty insights. He spiked his hair into small horns and always managed to have a toothpick in his mouth. Even in the midst of battle he somehow never lost that toothpick.
Symin followed the stairs that directed them downwards. He knew it was the wrong direction, but figured he’d clean out the bottom floors first before making his way up. They reached the bottom-most level when they heard a deep hissing sound. It first came from the left, then immediately behind them. Suddenly, the hissing noise was coming from every direction. The Howlers clumped together, back-to-back, waiting for the source to reveal itself.
“You launch a cowardly sneak attack against my castle and believe you will leave this place alive?” The voice seemed to come from below, which made no sense since they were already at the bottom.
“Show yourself!” Symin called out. “And if you could make that annoying hissing sound stop, I’d greatly appreciate that, too.” Symin’s sarcasm did not go over well. From beneath them, the ground erupted and up came two giant lizards. They were chained together, and atop of them stood Major Kymon.
“So that’s what caused the hissing sound. Makes sense now. Still annoying, though,” Symin quipped, while chewing on his toothpick.  
“Joke all you want, you horny haired freak, but my lizards are hungry. Romulus, Remus, attack!”
The two lizards swiped, clawed, and snapped at the Howlers. The Howlers fanned out across the room, taking up positions from every angle and level. They definitely showed why they were the best of the best. Symin remained at the bottom level, egging on the lizards, further enraging Major Kymon. The Howlers loosed arrows and threw daggers and shurikens from all directions, impaling the two lizards across their bodies, but to little effect. The lizards’ skins were thick, harder than even their own steel armor. Romulus swiped away the arrows out of Remus’ skin, and vice a versa. The two lizards were smarter than they appeared.
“Go for the eyes!” ordered Symin. He took out his dual swords and watched carefully as the two lizards defended against arrow shots to their eyes. While they were preoccupied, Symin ran up the center and jumped up onto their backs, driving his swords hard against Major Kymon. They struggled for position, but the lizards were reacting angrily and refused to stay still. Remus swatted angrily at the Howlers above him, sending Symin and Major Kymon flying off and crashing into the stone ground.
Symin attacked with controlled ferociousness. Blades swinging and landing this way and that, Major Kymon was just barely able to sway and dodge most of the attacks, but cuts and scrapes were beginning to tally upon his body. It looked like Symin was in complete control of the fight until Major Kymon landed a hard punch to the gut. He grabbed a hold of Symin’s left arm and twisted the sword out of it. Symin freed his arm and stepped back to catch his breath.
‘Not bad, old man, but that’ll be the last attack you get off on me.” They clashed again, Major Kymon proving he was also well versed in swordplay, having the edge over Symin. As they continued to battle, Romulus and Remus continued their assault on the Howlers. The Howlers had not yet succeeded in blinding the lizards, and they were running out of ammunition. They needed to attack the lizards up close now. Two of them leapt aboard Remus’ back. It was the one place it couldn’t bite or attack them. They moved up to its neck and tried to stab a sword through its head. Before they could succeed, Romulus bit down on one of the Howlers while it punctured the other one with its razor sharp claws. Taking out these lizards was no easy task.
Even while focused on his fight with Major Kymon, Symin still had the situational awareness to give out orders.
“Take out its legs! Get them belly up and stab its heart!”
Major Kymon swung so hard Symin staggered backwards. “You should focus on the enemy standing before you, Captain.” Major Kymon tossed the sword in his hand back to Symin. “This sword is for children. Allow me to show you what a man’s sword looks like.” He took the enormous broadsword off his back. It was twice as long as Symin’s dual swords. “Now, come at me, child.”
The Howlers followed Symin’s orders immediately. One Howler took out his kusarigama; a sickle attached to a chain with an iron weight at the end of it. He threw the chain around Romulus’ front leg, wrapping it around tightly. Six of them grouped together and pulled. Romulus fought against them, tugging back on the chain. While his leg was up in the air, a smaller Howler rolled beneath Romulus’ body and jammed a sword up into its heart. Symin was right. The underside of the lizard’s body was softer and more malleable. Romulus screamed out in pain. Another two Howlers rolled underneath and jammed two more swords into the same spot. Romulus wilted and collapsed to the ground.
Remus roared at Romulus’ death, rampaging across the room. It attacked the other group of Howlers straight on, managing to kill two in its rage. With a swipe of its tail, it sent another four crashing against the wall. The last remaining group prepared for Remus’ next attack. They tried the same tactic, attempting to wrap the lizard’s leg, but Remus was aware of the strategy now. It leapt into the air, landing atop two of them, its claws digging deep into their chests, crushing their armor. A Howler shot a dagger off of the ground, ricocheting it up towards Remus’ chest. The lizard rolled to its left, swiftly maneuvering out of the way. Only a handful of Howlers now remained, and the lizard was onto their tricks.
Symin attacked with his dual swords, crossing them against Major Kymon’s broadsword. Kymon’s strength was incredible. With one hand, Major Kymon was able to fend off Symin’s full attack. Symin tried again, but this time Major Kymon blocked the attack and kicked Symin against the wall. Within a second, his broadsword dug deep into Symin’s shoulder, pinning him against the cold stone surface.
“You are a good fighter, but any child who battles an adult is going to lose.” Major Kymon pushed the broadsword deeper, causing more blood to gush out of the wound. “You killed one of my pets. It’s time for you to pay.” With Symin pinned down, Major Kymon picked up Symin’s swords and turned his attention to the remaining Howlers. He and the lizard seemed to have an unspoken understanding of what they were planning to do next. The lizard reacted first, pursuing the Howlers with claws extended and mouth agape. The Howlers moved out of the way, flushing to their right where Major Kymon was waiting. He swung his broadsword at two of them, narrowly missing. But before they could react, Remus’ tail caught them across the faces, knocking them to the ground. The Howlers were all out now. A handful killed and more knocked unconscious. Major Kymon looked back at Symin, still pinned against the wall.
“It’s time for Remus to have his vengeance.” Remus squatted low to the ground, hissing louder than ever. It charged at Symin, aiming for his head. It opened its mouth wide; saliva spewed everywhere, razor sharp fangs unleashed. Symin tried to pry the broadsword loose, but it was buried deep into the wall. He was stuck. Remus’ mouth closed in on him, its bloodlust unquenchable. Symin closed his eyes. In his moment of death, though, he instead heard a loud crackling sound. Symin opened his eyes to see Remus’ body lying on the floor, charred to a crisp.
“Thought you might need some help, big bro.” A voice called out at the top of the steps.
“You’re supposed to hang back till this battle was over. You didn’t look quite right out there.”
“I just had to clear my head.”
“How’d you find me?”
“You taught me too well. I just followed the same path I thought you’d go, and here you are.”
“Enough!” roared Major Kymon. “You killed both of my pets. Dragon or not, I will kill you, too!”
Major Kymon, with Symin’s swords in hand, raced up the stairs. A couple remaining Howlers had regained consciousness and grabbed a hold of him, pinning him to the ground. Raden ordered one of them to go free Symin. Raden walked down the steps, fire emanating from his hands. The fire transformed into two flaming swords. He stood above Major Kymon now, ready to strike.
“I do not fear death! Go ahead and kill me! But before you do, know this: You will never survive this place!” Major Kymon reached for his necklace. A switch of some kind hung off the end of it. Raden thrust his sword into Major Kymon’s chest, but it was too late. The switch had been turned. Kymon’s lifeless body dropped to the ground as the walls, floors, ceilings, and stairs began to shift. The castle was transforming.



Chapter 50



Everything was shifting. Soldiers on both sides were thrown out the windows or crushed between moving parts. Sargatum was a mechanical wonder. Giant gears and motors appeared out of nowhere, the Ancients’ ingenuity displayed at its finest. What the fortress was transforming into and why were irrelevant for the moment as its thousands of current occupants struggled to simply survive the change.
General Sako had tracked Aric down to a dead end when the shifting began. A few Vicedonian soldiers flanked Aric, protecting him behind their shields. The floor that Aric and his guards stood on was now moving them upwards, as Sako’s platform shifted sideways. She leapt into the air, trying to grab a hold of Aric before it was too late. Aric took no chances. He pushed both guards off his platform and into Sako. 
The three of them landed with a bang on a platform shifting sideways. One guard fell off the edge, disappearing down to the bottom of the castle. Sako immediately sensed something massive closing in on them and leapt onto a column shifting downward. The other guard didn’t react in time and was crushed between the gigantic objects. Aric had disappeared, and Sako knew she didn’t have time to pursue him. She moved in and out of constantly shifting parts before the castle finally settled into place. She was now in an unfamiliar part of the castle. She looked out the window to see that a large number of soldiers had fallen below. This unexpected move had taken out a number of Renzai soldiers, too many by her estimation. With nothing to do now but move, she began her ascent to the top once more.
Aric rode the rising stone block all the way to the top of Sargatum. He exited the small, rocky opening, noticing the sweeping landscapes off in the distance, the remnants of the Issus Valley below, and most importantly, a garrison of Vicedonian soldiers nearby. He recognized the scout with the deep-set eyes who had greeted him upon his arrival. This soldier is still loyal to me. He will take me to safety. I am his prince.
Aric called out to him. “Soldier!” The soldier turned around. Recognizing Aric, he immediately made his way over.
“My lord, you are in grave danger! Follow me!” Aric followed the soldier as he led him down the northern pass; a small, narrow road that gradually led down to the foothills of the mountain. Heavily guarded, it was the only true way of entering or exiting Sargatum, but the thousands of soldiers stationed along the route were nowhere to be seen. Only a small contingent remained. The group of Vicedonian soldiers surrounded Aric, keeping him safely hidden in the middle of their bodies. They began to move down the road when they suddenly halted.
“What’s going on? Why aren’t we moving?” Aric whispered in a panic.
“There’s too much fighting along the path. The Renzai have been battling their way up the road, but our soldiers have halted their advance. It doesn’t look like they can hold out much longer. Enemy reinforcements just keep coming. There’s too many of them!” The soldier’s words were drowned out by the sounds of the clashing armies. Aric sank low in his place, hoping to avoid being seen by the enemy. 
Raden and Symin now found themselves in an unfamiliar place. The room they had just been in fighting Major Kymon and his lizards, had split into seven or eight different sections, Raden presumed. They had been completely separated from the Howlers. Symin wondered how many of them had survived the ordeal, and offered up a silent prayer for his devoted soldiers. Raden looked around his current surroundings, a small room with a low ceiling and no apparent exit. The stone walls were bare, but Raden felt an energy in this place.
Symin inspected the room, careful not to aggravate his wounded shoulder. He continued searching for any clue that could help them get out. He noticed Raden standing still, doing nothing apparently. “You going to help me find a way out of here, youngblood, or you just going to stand there?”
Raden didn’t respond.
“Raden? Hello?”
Raden stirred a bit. “There’s something strange about this room, Symin. It’s like… it’s like I’ve been here before.”
“The heck you talking about, Raden? Until a few moments ago, I bet the Vicedonians didn’t even know this room existed. Nobody’s been here for centuries. Now come on and help me.”
“I know it sounds crazy, but this place feels… familiar.”
“Well, if you’ve been here before, then why don’t you show me how to get out of here.”
Raden glanced around the room until his eyes settled on a smooth portion of the ceiling. He walked over to it, reached out his hand, and then the unexpected happened. A symbol of the Ancients appeared out of nowhere, glowing bright yellow and pulsating vibrantly. Raden recognized it as the symbol for transference. With his hand still raised to the symbol, he gripped his fingers over an invisible knob and twisted. The room flashed white, and the two of them found themselves outside. They stood along a narrow dirt path leading up a mountain.
Symin’s mouth hung open. “How the heck did you do that, Raden?” He quickly began checking to see if all his body parts were still intact.
“I really don’t know. I just… kind of knew what to do.”
“Well, whatever that was, it worked. Looks like you took us to some kind of road. We can follow it and figure out where to go from here.”
They began walking up the road when the sounds of combat caught their attention. They rushed up towards the commotion when they saw thousands of Renzai troops pushing back a dwindling number of Vicedonian soldiers. Symin realized where they were. They had been transported to the northern pass of Sargatum.
“How can those be Renzai soldiers? I thought every one of our soldiers had breached the castle walls?”
“No, Raden, we sent a contingent of ten thousand soldiers to circumnavigate the mountain. We figured whatever Vicedonian forces they had protecting the northern entrance were not going to survive against ten thousand of our troops. It was General Sako’s move, and I guess she was right. Heck, that scary woman usually is.”
“We should go help them, Symin.”
“Slow down, Raden. The Vicedonians are falling apart quickly, and our soldiers won’t need any help winning this battle. You can hang back for once, or is that twice today?”
“Oh… about that. I was overwhelmed, confused...” Raden’s face became sullen, looking almost ashamed.
“Look, I get it, Raden. I’ve been there, too. But we’re soldiers, and this is war. You have to remember the big picture. If we win this war, the Renzai Empire can usher in an age of peace for all of Eos. And you’ll be at the head of it.”
Peace. It sounded so refreshing to hear the word. Raden smiled. “You’re right, Symin, I have to remember why we’re doing this.” Raden began walking towards the battle.
“Raden, what’re you doing?”
“Winning this war, Symin.”
As Raden approached the ensuing melee, flames began to surround his body. They spun around him, increasing in speed, until he ignited in a deafening explosion. Soldiers from both armies immediately took notice. The Renzai soldiers parted before Raden, as he methodically marched towards the remaining vestiges of the Vicedonian forces. A few brave ones charged at Raden, but they were immediately greeted by a wave of fire, scorching them whole. Their bodies littered the ground as Raden continued to take deliberate steps, leaving a macabre pathway of ruin in his wake.
The Vicedonian soldiers continued to back away from the dragon bearing down on them, their will to fight tenuous at best. The Vicedonians had now been pushed all the way back up to the very top of Sargatum. Renzai troops encircled the remaining enemy soldiers. More and more Renzai troops began to pour out from the staircases that led up to the top. The mountaintop was filling up quickly with soldiers.
Raden extended his arms out to his sides. “Give up… there’s no more point in resisting.” Two flaming swords manifested in each of his hands. “This battle ends for you… one way or another.”
Recognizing the futility of their efforts, all of the Vicedonian troops threw down their weapons, raising their arms up in defeat.
“We surrender, we surrender!” One soldier after another called out, begging for leniency. “We offer no more resistance!” a wounded soldier shouted.
Symin looked at Raden. “What do you think we should do? Spare them or kill them?”
“Spare them. They are no longer a threat to us. We greatly outnumber them. There’s nothing they could do now.” Raden’s swords and flames extinguished away.
“I figured you say that. I was of the same mindset. I just don’t think General Sako is going to agree with you on that. She’s a little less… forgiving than you and me are.” Symin reached for his wounded shoulder, wincing at the pain.
“Captain Symin is correct to assume that. I do not plan to let them live.”
Raden turned around to see General Sako making her way up the stairs. She looked entirely unscathed. Not a drop of dirt or blood on her.
“But they no longer pose any threat to us. The rules of war dictate that we take in prisoners of war.”
“Raden, they are only prisoners of war if they are alive. I do not plan to let them leave this place intact.”
“But they surrendered!”
General Sako brushed passed Raden without looking at him. “Kill them. They will only slow us down and waste our resources and manpower. Quickly, get it over with.”
Renzai soldiers closed in when the Vicedonians made an intriguing offer.
“Please don’t kill us! We have Prince Aric with us! Take him prisoner and spare our lives, we beg of you!” The scout with the deep-set eyes grabbed a hold of Aric from the center and threw him forward.
General Sako’s ghostly eyes opened wide. “Prince Aric? You escaped me once today by sacrificing your own men. Interesting how fate works, don’t you think?”
The scout with the deep-set eyes called out. “You have the prince, so let us live, please!”
Raden watched Sako as she contemplated the offer. She paced for a bit before offering a response. “I agree, soldier. You may live for giving us the prince.”
The Vicedonian soldiers sighed in relief. But their moment of peace lasted but a few seconds. With a wave of her hand, Sako sentenced them to death. Daggers, knives, and arrows flew at an instant, and the Vicedonian army was done. Completely annihilated.
“You have nobody left to protect you, young prince.” Sako’s eyes burned with contempt.
Aric slowly began to unsheathe a small dagger, hidden beneath the armor plate on his forearm.
“Your capture could secure our victory.” Sako moved in closer.
Aric slowly inched the dagger out, using his fingertips discreetly to remove the blade.
“Or perhaps your death could do that as well.” She moved behind him, kicking the back of his knees out, forcing him down to the ground. She grabbed his hair, sniffing his salty skin. “What do—”
Aric turned and spat in her face.
Sako slapped him across the cheek with the back of her hand. She reached for Reaver when Raden interrupted.
“We need him alive! He’s worth more to us as a prisoner. The Ministers will want to see him unharmed.”
The mere mention of the Ministers put a check on Sako’s bloodlust. Even she knew better than to go against their wishes.
Aric removed the dagger completely. He gripped it tightly, masking it from his captors.
Sako slowly let go of Reaver. “You are fortunate that the Renzai Candidate feels you are fit to live.” She reached out, grabbing Aric by the chin. “Next time, you won’t be so fortunate.”
“Nor you.” Aric swung the dagger across Sako’s face.
A stream of blood erupted from her cheek. She staggered back, reaching for her wound. Her pale skin made the bright red blood appear even more ghastly.
Renzai soldiers closed in on Aric. Swords, spears, and arrows pointed at his head. “Drop the weapon!” A Renzai soldier commanded.
Aric refused to let go of the dagger.
Sako glared at him. She waved off the soldiers. As they began to back away, she thrust her right leg forward, snapping Aric’s head back violently. He crumpled to the ground, the dagger sliding out of his hand.
“Enough, Sako!” Raden shouted.
Sako turned towards Raden, Reaver already in her hands.
“He is to be unharmed. He is a prisoner of war, now.”
Sako was still livid. Blood dripped down her cheek. She took a step towards Raden, when she was met with a wall of heat.
“This ends, now.” Raden’s body ignited in flames, two fiery swords visible in his hands.
A fight with Raden was something she didn’t want, and so she unwillingly relented. Sako glanced over her shoulder at Aric, mumbling something inaudible before walking away.
Aric stared coldly at Raden as shackles were placed on his wrists and ankles. He had run out of tricks. There was no escaping this time. Vicedonian soldiers had given him up to save their own lives. Perhaps he should’ve known better than to trust Major Kymon’s men. Yet, they were still killed. Aric snickered at the thought. The only person he could truly rely on was himself. That’s the only thing that mattered anymore. But here, in this place, at this moment, his best efforts still weren’t good enough. The shackles around his wrists and ankles were extremely tight; the circulation seemed to be cut off entirely. His face was badly bruised, and blood poured down his nose. If this is to be my end… so be it.
Raden released his powers, the flaming swords disappearing in an instant. This battle had finally ended. With Prince Aric’s capture, this war was as good as over, Raden believed. He knew the Vicedonians would not risk losing the life of one of the royal family. Aric provided the Renzai with an incredible amount of leverage, now. On top of that, they had scored a decisive victory here at Sargatum, utterly decimating the Vicedonians. Word would be sent to General Yagar, letting him know of their victory. Lake Raphia will soon be back in their possession, and if the Vicedonians resisted, they could use Aric as a bargaining chip. Prince Xander was at Lake Raphia, and Raden knew that he would do anything to protect his brother. Even give up control of the city.
Raden had done it. He had used his newly-endowed gifts from the One to begin the process of ending this war. The Renzai had only lost a few hundred men in the attack. They would be remembered for their bravery in giving their lives for the empire, to the beginning of the Renzai’s complete victory over the Vicedonians. They would soon control two of the three vital points in the Disputed Lands. The third point remained in the south, but that seemed like a foregone conclusion given how relatively easy it was for them to take Sargatum. Once dominion of the Disputed Lands was attained, the next target would be the Vicedonian capital itself. With their capital destroyed, the Vicedonian Kingdom would fall apart from the inside out. Every colony would abandon their loyalty, quickly diminishing King Maximus’ power. In his heart, Raden began to feel the peace he so desired. He had fulfilled his promises to his family, to his friends, and to Kara. Her death had not been in vain, and now the war would soon be over.
Raden looked at the incredible view from the top of Sargatum and could see why it was such an advantageous position. From here, he could truly see everything west of the River Fate. The river itself was a thin black line looming off in the distance. For the first time, the River Fate made Raden smile. Daybreak had revealed a beautifully painted sky, the One, honoring Raden’s victory with a new day, a new start. He felt a comforting warmth resonate inside of him. Raden knew this feeling well. He had experienced it when he was young. It wasn’t the rays of the sun, nor the powerful fire burning within him. It was the feeling you get when the people you love surround you. He could feel his parents watching over him from above, proud of what he had become. He knew Kara was close by, keeping her promise as she always did. He clasped the medallion around his neck and kissed the sunflower softly. 
He looked up to the heavens and whispered. “Thank you, Kara.” Kimi and Lulu were home waiting for him, too. Everything seemed more majestic now. Things felt right with his soul.
General Sako was still pacing next to Aric. Her steps clicked faster and faster. Aric took notice of her. Everyone was staring now. Raden’s moment of peace was interrupted by her odd behavior. She was whispering something inaudible to herself.
Aric turned towards Raden. “Looks like your pet albino is still angry about her scratch.” Aric began to laugh. “If that freak wants her revenge so badly, then come get it. I’m right here.”
Sako reached for Reaver. Raden could not react quickly enough to prevent Sako from going through with her intention. She drove Reaver down across Aric’s neck. The moment happened in slow motion. Raden watched as the giant blade shattered into pieces. Sako stood still, with a broken hilt in her hand, shocked at what had just occurred. Raden felt something shift inside of him. His powers were raging angrily now. He stared at Aric, his eyes widened with disbelief. No, he thought. This can’t be. This war is far from over. It’s only just begun. Aric stared back at Raden, and on Aric’s forehead appeared the mark of the Ancients. “Chosen.”



…It is said to be, and forever determined that a Candidate, chosen by the Creator, empowered with divine justice, and nurtured by His loving family will be birthed unto the lands of the world, to restore mankind to its humble beginnings, and to chase into the darkness those that would seek to resist fate…

-A passage from the Vicedonian interpretation of Prophecy Rock



END OF BOOK ONE

The story continues in

Book Two of the Prophecy Rock Series
2014



ACKNOWLEDGMENTS



Without the support of my family and friends, Genesis would still be just a thought in my head. To my parents, for the sacrifices you’ve made to give your children a better life. My brother and sister, for always taking care of Baby and keeping me on the right track. To Ted and Ben, your invaluable feedback has made Genesis better than I could’ve imagined. Writing my first novel has been an unbelievable journey, countless hours of hard work have culminated into what you have in your hands. So my final thank you is to you, the reader, I hope you enjoy reading about the world of Eos, as much as I’ve enjoyed creating it. Thank you.



ABOUT THE AUTHOR



T. Sae-Low was born and raised in Los Angeles, California. Youngest of three siblings, he spent his childhood buried in comic books, drawing his favorite characters and creating plenty of his own. Over the years, he translated his creative passion into writing. Genesis is his debut novel. He has worked in videogames, recruitment, fundraising, and is currently teaching third grade. He lives in Los Angeles with his dog Oscar.

For more information about T. Sae-Low, Genesis, and the Prophecy Rock Series, visit http://www.tsaelow.com/

Connect with Me Online:

Twitter:  http://twitter.com/TSaeLow

Facebook:  http://www.facebook.com/tsaelow.author

Smashwords:  https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/tsaelow

My Blog:  http://www.tsaelow.com/blog.html



