GODDESS AMONG US
Miraculous Epoch






By: Robert Lee Laster
RobertLaster143@gmail.com









2015 - All rights reserved. This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the publisher except for the use of brief quotations in a book review or scholarly journal.

Dedications

To My Beautiful Daughter
Sinetria C. L.

"My love for you outweighs the stars that give light to the deepest voids."

&

In Appreciation Of
Michelle  (a.k.a. "Shorty")

May You Forever Exist Through The Reading of This Work .






















TABLE OF CONTENTS



Chptr. 01     Meet Anuhea'
Chptr. 02    An Epoch Concieved
Chptr. 03    Like Father, Like Son
Chptr. 04    Daddy's Little Girl
Chptr. 05    Off To War
Chptr. 06    Sunny San Diego
Chptr. 07    Talk To Us
Chptr. 08    Meet Misty
Chptr. 09    Michelle's Sleepover
Chptr. 10    Misty's Makeup Lesson
Chptr. 11    Junior's BIG Audition
Chptr. 12    The Prep' Talk
Chptr. 13    Bigger Than Us
Chptr. 14    The Sa' Neter Show
Chptr. 15    Need For Nothing
Chptr. 16    The Merkaba
Chptr. 17    Meet Makalesi Rodan
Chptr. 18    Welcome Aboard
Chptr. 19    Just Relaxing
Chptr. 20    Molly Goes Fast
Chptr. 21    Emerald Sun
Chptr. 22    A World Believes
Chptr. 23    24kt Gold
Chptr. 24    The Great Wave
Chptr. 25    Ungoverned Concerns

F.O.L.K.S.
A LETTER FROM MICHELLE
Epilogue
Chapter 1   MEET ANUHEA'     [ ah-nu-way-a']
1997 is a great year to vast in the aloha city of Honolulu. Hawaiian culture is at its peak of ripeness. The scene is saturated with a wide variety of fast-food chains where celebrity concerts are periodically held at the nationally recognized American football stadium. Although there's a mixture of mingling cultures cohabitating here, the sound of ukulele struts pan across the beach sands louder than any portable radio. The air is crisp and host constant traffic of passenger planes. The tourist-filled behemoths seem to fly unreasonably low over the beaches and [oddly] close enough for the tail logos to be easily recognized. Small and big motor vehicle types frequent [both] the newly paved streets and daintily paved pathways -- most of which with engines that putted along slightly louder than when they rolled off their mainland assembly lines. Chicken Katsu, sticky rice and pork (that's slow roasted arrested by banana leaves underground for many hours) are among the favorites on most dining tables here. This story begins amidst a utopia of aloha sea breezes, plush vegetation and tall coconut trees that sway at free will. Geckos [here] have long proven to be a slight nuisance. They're everywhere. The local residents welcomes them to enjoy any indoor/outdoor surface they could cling to. The kids enjoy these harmless little lizards because they'd figured out a way to anger them just enough to cause them to bite and clamp down on their earlobes. This caused the geckos to dangle heroically from their ears like green jewelry.
	
Here we meet a young woman by the name of Anuhea' [pronounced: ah-nu-way-a'] Fabienne Ryu. Anuhea' is a 20yr old, slender; smiley, jovial type that stands about 5feet 9inches tall. She has an exceptionally clear walnut colored complexion with a tanned overtone that enjoys being kissed by the sun. This beautiful young local had been a proud "B" student a few years earlier where she attended Waipahu Community High School. The pride of this accomplishment is still with her. Her dark brown hair is often pulled tight and collected into a large brown banana clamp before it free falls exposing her natural deep waves down through the small of her back. Anuhea' has never experienced in depth with makeup. She only relied on neutral colored lip balms to satisfy her desire to feel "girly". She's a relatively simple individual by most reasonable standards. Her smile is vibrant -- content not knowing who is who on popular television shows. No one has ever heard Anuhea' raise her voice -- especially not to defend any argument. If she needed to get someone's attention who was a distance away, she used a talent she had of a loud whistle. It's a distinctive whistle that's very much her own. She's naturally quiet, reserved -- a dreamer that spends a lot of time in books on her twin size bed. She really enjoys her alone time that suffices for moments of solitude. It's in these hours of relaxation that she ponders made-up characters for every asset of the life she secretly "wishes for". Hawaii is an exciting place. It's a modern world of handheld gadgets, motorized toys and exploited fast-food eateries unfolding around her that Anuhea' doesn't desire to explore (not yet). Thunderous automobile music and oddly colored hair styles of self expressions fail to impress someone like Anuhea' who doesn't mind being her own movie starlet. She's still a virgin who (only until now) had no interest in dating. Although she did try a popular *under21 dance club once,  the party scenes are not her idea of "time well spent". Two of her friends from high school (at the time) accompanied her. When Anuhea' dreadfully recalls that night, she explains how the loud music, cigarette smoke and constantly bumping into shoulders only made her wish for her quiet bed. Anuhea' got along wonderfully with her mother. Her father has been absentee while this young lady has been coming into her own. Anuhea' is comfortably unbiased about it. It's difficult to miss someone that hasn't been an emotional part of her childhood. She often utilizes public transportation to visit her aunt in Honolulu where she helps out at the swap meet there. While she was recently visiting, Anuhea' amused herself to apply for a small job as a hostess at a pancake house down the street from where her Aunt lives. She'd only recently graduated from high school so, the idea of earning any wage and self dependency was too much of a big deal to pass by. Although the pancake house is a distance from her high school community, she answered the exciting call of syrup and fruit topping duty. She moves in with her Aunty and now  Anuhea' finds herself estranged from most of her teenage routines that included frequent beach gatherings or mall hopping with her girlfriends. Honolulu is a new community for her. Friends would have to be made all over again. Well,... aside from a few co-workers she enjoyed on the clock.  Her new life is shaping up and it's much easier now to help her aunt at the local swap meet. It's conveniently located just walking distance from their small apartment building. Her aunt faithfully rented a space on Saturdays to sell handmade Polynesian style jewelry and trinkets of sorts. They both had an appreciation for watching the foot traffic of pedestrians visiting the different venues. Every Saturday when it was time for Anuhea' to leave, she'd first stop to visit her favorite lot. It's a larger rented lot that uses a series of hanging blue tarps (as a roof) that protect vast rows of organically grown produce. The beautiful Anuhea' never had a problem giving 30-45minutes of her day away browsing this space for her week's worth of juicing and smoothie ingredients. She always picked carefully through the fresh fruits and vegetables -- squeezing and nurturing her selections. The produce never held their same seats from one weekend to the next, but Anuhea' knew the names of every one. She long figured out which one's would complement each other when blended into a smoothie and which preferred to be juiced. The supervisors that run this lot have grown familiar with Anuhea' showing up about this time every Saturday on her way home towards the community her and her aunt reside in. Anuhea' is content working at the pancake house and helping at the swap meet. Modest ventures for a modest wage for her modest goals.

It's Anuhea's second anniversary at the local pancake house. She figures two years have served her well enough living with her aunt so she decides to finally set out and achieve having her own set of apartment keys. It's a great year to try something new. Why not? A young 22yr old with her own apartment would finally help her to establish the kind of social life that'd allow her to invite friends home for smoothies and board games. Not quite what she'd seen on television for girls her age, but Anuhea' isn't inspired by television like how most other young woman are being influenced by it. She simply wants her own keys. Something else she could say she accomplished.
"Aunty, I'd like my own apartment. It's nothing personal. I'd like to decorate like I enjoy decorating my room. I'd aim for it to be within walking distance from here. Is that o.k.?"
"Of course it's ok my dear. You have the desires of a reasonable young woman burning inside you. GO!"

It's later in the week and Anuhea' has already searching the immediate area for vacancies. With no prior rental credit, she knew she couldn't expect any landlord to throw her keys. She had to be patient. Although her searching was fairly brief, her excitement for having her own apartment made her search seem stretched. A landlord finally gave Anuhea' the chance she needed. These particular complex shares her Aunt's neighborhood. It's safe, full of practical amenities and had no history of serious crimes. The only unruly behavior familiar to these residents is the occasional preteen romper -- usually between neighborhood friends whose' arguing caused echoes to sweep through the quiet alleyways. Push scooters are very popular here and from time to time they're mistakenly misidentified. This is because most of them share the same company color schemes and insignia. This occasionally led to accusations of swapping and misunderstandings about ownership. Other than that, this area is ideal for Anuhea' to establish some independence and host a future family. It resembles "ole Hawaii", which is a world apart from the more western styled community of Waipahu where her mother resides.
Today is an exciting day. Anuhea' gets to move into the small 2nd floor abode that’s situated directly across from her aunts complex. It's small, but it has a beautiful view out the bedroom window (like most anywhere on this part of the island). There's not much inside the 1 bedroom unit. After setting a knick knack here and placing some decor there, Anuhea' is settled in within hours of being handed her first set of keys. The kitchenette appliances are standard, slightly out-dated and stood quiet except for the smoothie machine she'd brought with her. They were purchased a year earlier at the swap-meet. She found all the elbow room she needed in her small kitchen for spreading out her produce and cutting board. Her mother and her aunty would suggest that the reason Anuhea' loved to juice so much is because she didn't enjoy cooking with heat. To her, creating fruit and veggie smoothies felt like an easier type of cooking. Sure, she'd occasionally go for some Local'Moco or boil water for noodles, but she really enjoyed the endless possibilities, and creative squandering of juicing. In Anuhea's bedroom is a queen size bed set with a set of sturdy night stands. One of the end tables held a simple alarm clock. On the other stand perched a large pink crystal. A rose colored natural rock that she had found at the swap meet for $40. Her favorite color is pink; so after passing this large stone week after week, she had decided it would be a nice accent to how she would theme her bedroom later. Well, that time has come. 
"I like it. I like it a lot. It's as beautiful as Hawaii."
Such a simple gesture served her pride well. Her proud and crowning moment that validated this being her own place. In this community there is no real need for a motor vehicle license. At least not for this active young local. Even with the old Hawaiian vibration and plush greenery every where the eye focused, A single street gave this communities pedestrians access to a growing commerce of shops, motels and restaurants.

MEET MICHAEL
This particular weekend (several weeks later), Anuhea' finished helping her aunt at the swap meet early and heads in the direction of her favorite produce lot. After she made her selections (satisfied and pondering new recipes), she heads for home content. It hadn't begun to dawn yet, so the town is still bright and the weather is savory. As she began to hum to herself, she's approached by a semi-confident young man -- about her same age. He offers Anuhea' a smile while making an obvious attempt not to crowd her. He speaks softly. 
"Aloha! I'm Michael... Michael Laster."
"Aloha, I'm Anuhea', Anuhea' Amalu." she replies, smiling.
He's groomed well enough for any corporate setting, but it's the tasty singe of smoke from an angry bar-b-que pit that gave away where he'd last been. It woke her belly up indeed. Her greeting is accompanied by her friendly smile. Michael smiles back to signify how he caught onto her friendly mockery. She first notices how perfect his teeth are complimenting his complexion [slightly darker than her own]. Michael is easy on the eyes, healthy and it's obvious he spends a lot of time on the surf. His tan placements mocked him for his time waiting for the next wave. She figures he's about her same age and has seconds to diagnose his intentions. This meeting is in view of everybody so she felt free to rule out anything she should be concerned about. There are plenty of people around and all she could sense is the generosity of genuine aloha spirit. Michaels hospitality must be making the spirit of ole' Hawaii proud. Knowing how shy she tends to get around new people -- Anuhea' appreciates Michael's straight forward approach.  Inwardly, she's admiring him for his friendly boldness.
"You must live nearby. I've noticed you walking this same path before. It's not far from where I take my work break."
By this statement, Anuhea' concluded that Michael is educated. She's thinking he'd probably been a "B" student.
"I work just over there.” he says as he points to the popular local diner down the street.
It's a growing fast food chain where local favorites are on the simple menu.
"Oh ok" is her short answer as she stumbles a bit.
"I can help you with those bags if you want?"
She didn't hesitate as she handed over two bags. One of which struggled to contain small melons.
"I live just a short ways away. Thank you Michael."
Saying his name is a friendly gesture of appreciation. She also wants to assure him that the melons wouldn't get too heavy before they had arrived. Anuhea' makes small talk about her love for different smoothies as they walked the 10 minute route to Anuhea's 2nd floor apartment. The chit chat (from Michael) had been miscellaneous things like surfing and high beach endeavors. He figured he'd talk to her as if he already knew her. Nothing too personal is asked between them. He assisted Anuhea's bags up a flight of stairs and set them down just inside her apartment door.
"Well... I'll see you around Anuhea'."
All Anuhea' has time to respond with is her smile before the gentleman turns back towards the staircase. Michael really is a man with a sincere heart. There was no reason to suspect he has any hidden agenda. In this area of town, he's adored as a brother-type to most the local girls his age. He'd stop flirting with them long ago. Apparently it grew awkward trying to flirt with girls that know you so well. Still, he longs for love and companionship, but Michael is a victim of his own kindness. He's definitely attracted to Anuhea', but he knowing he'd see her again there's no reason or need to rush into a thousand questions. Anuhea' would later come to find out that Michael is known for his kind nature. He's a harmless young man that has never made any enemies. However, she is wrong about him "probably being a B student". He was an honorable "A" student in his community high school. Unlike his slightly younger brother, Michael always envisioned himself proudly serving the armed forces like his (late) father. Michael is the son of a half Samoan/half Fijian woman who met, fell in love and married an African-Americanized man who served in the U.S. Army. They'd met 17yrs ago at a recreation center party on the Aliamanu Military Reservation. It's properly nicknamed "THE CRATER" because this housing developement is literally situated inside a crater on Oahu. Five years previous to now, Michael's father suffered an unfortunate training accident that claimed his life and two other soldiers. He left behind  his wife and their children, Michael and his younger brother Kevin. The widowed family was left to return to Hawaii and press on. His mother had recovered and remarried a respectable local man that loved Michael's family very much. Michael and his family had been stationed on the mainland before (as dependants) three times in three different states. This is why he has always been so inspired to join the U.S. Army. Michael has always been anxious to graduate from his high school. He loved his late father and respected how the military service allowed service members to travel. 

Michael and Anuhea' did meet again. Naturally a courtship between them began and is off to a great start. The town's people often see them together browsing the shops and enjoying each other's company. They never held back showing their joy and appreciation for one another's opinion. It isn't long before his friends became her friends and the friends they now share started referring to them as "each other's significant other". Where's your girlfriend and where's your boyfriend became the new standard of inquiry when the other was out of sight. Neither of them minded it at all.
It's been nine weeks now and the two love birds are more than comfortable holding hands -- even adored for its sincere presentation. Their public displays of affection are modest. Their hand-in-hand affection is adored for its innocent presentation. It's not possessive or overboard. Perhaps neither of the two have ever entertained a love interest before. It's definitely possible. Michael has an idea.
"I want to introduce you to a favorite fat burner of mines Nunu. You like to laugh, so I'm positive you're going to enjoy this almost as much as I enjoy you."
[Anuhea' blushes.]
"The rules are simple. Be silly, get goofy and don't stop dancing."
Anuhea' responded with an Oh gosh, but her smile is saying let's do this.
What she'd soon find out is what Michael already knew. Dancing while laughing (not surprisingly) always proved to be a real challenge. It often snowballs into gut busting, eye tearing embarrassment. He selflessly figured it'd be a great way for them to hear each other's loudest laughs and get a quick workout. Michael tuned the radio to a popular up tempo music station. They're standing on their feet only inches from each other when the next song started and the dance'off commenced. Michael danced with no regard for his movements being sexy or accomplished. The silliness took a couple bars to kick into full gear from Anuhea'. In contrast to Michael's flopping around, her attempts to hold back and be cute are obvious. The smiles have turned into laughing. Michael never stops dancing while he's laughing at how Anuhea's hair is jumping around in front of him. He's laughing because he's noticing Anuhea' studying her feet. She's concentrating on her leg movements when she looks up and now notices Michael is watching her. This embarrassed her and causes her to laugh abruptly harder. She couldn't stop dancing so she had to keep moving while she laughed through the embarrassment. Rules are rules. The 5 minute jam is now a laughing torture. Both Michael and Anuhea's dance moves are totally uncoordinated and are making absolutely no sense. This is the magic that turned this into what Michael planned it to be. They're both laughing tearfully at how quick this escalated into what would be a total embarrassment in front of anyone else. The song finally ended their torture as it ended and the two collapse on the couch. It takes several minutes to giggle away the goofiness and catch their breath.
"Oh my god that was so much fun... And that was only one song."
Michael is slightly out of breath as he wipes away his tears  and manages to get a sentence out.
"Imagine two songs, or even three!"
They calmed themselves and hug on each other. Over the next few days, even mentioning this moment created laughing amongst them. Needless to say, this became a normal regimented routine in the apartment as insurance for a good gut busting time. Michael is turning out to be a genius at creating memories that make life worthy of living -- moments making him worthy of Anuhea's deepest love.
The two love birds are thriving, smiling and loving life. The next few weeks are like any other. Their bond is growing stronger -- causing them to become inseparable. 
"Let's spend this weekend alone on the beach. No friends allowed. What do you think?" He asked.
"That sounds like fun Michael. there's be plenty of shops and amenities on the beach sand so we wouldn't have to carry much. Yes. Let's do it." 
When they arrived, Anuhea' found a nice spot on the sands of Waikiki where she laid the oversized beach towels down. The gorgeous waves and breaking surf are in a rhythm that begs for naked toes and splashing children. Here, the two hard workers are resting with their bodies facing each other. Their heads are tilted and respectively for watching the surfers in the water achieve their tans. Anuhea' just finished explaining a small observation when she notices she's no longer hearing Michael "being Michael". She turned her head (to face him) and her eyes landed directly into his gaze. He's looking at her. This isn't just any look. It's much deeper. She caught him penetrating her soul in a blissful state of awareness.  As Michael gazes intensely into Anuhea's eyes, the intensity did not yield. Anuhea' immediately answered his pure focus with a dreamy gaze of her own. It's intentionally willing, but unintentionally out of her control. She's (not only) being invited, but her deepest being is escorted into the same portal of heartfelt awareness Michael's allowing himself to submit unto. This is a timeless moment. Caught up in each other's eye's -- they're no longer two people on a beach. They're two pieces of pure consciousness that has stepped into complete awareness. There's an unsaid vibration here that desires to appreciate the other. An awareness so aware, that it itself is aware. This moment is allowed to linger unchallenged because it's in control. The term "soul-mates" underminds the refinement this moment is accomplishing for these two souls. The waves and the world are no longer here. This is two souls enjoying co'existence in one of many dimensions. The eye-to-eye love affair is finally interrupted by Anuhea's bashfulness and she looks away from his eyes with a smile on her face. As she loiters in the joy that overwhelmed her, somehow six seconds was more than efficient for one million "I love you's" to be exchanged. The two knew they'd briefly shared one intent. A glance into their future. They've just told each other "we are now one" from the deepest realms of themselves -- nothing that needed to be spoken aloud about it. Instead, they just sat for a moment and smiled to themselves. This is the type of chemistry lovers should seek that binds. Such a moment os sponsored by pure awareness that lovers [so often] miss out on. A rare stillness that forces colloquial understandings into spiritual experiences.
"Let's go for a quick splash!" Michael asked Anuhea.
Having yet regret going along with his ideas or suggestions: she's happy to comply. They swim the shallows until they became hungry and headed back to town.
"Thank you again for taking me babe'."
"You don't have to thank me Nunu''. It was my pleasure. You're my pleasure."
"I know. I... I just thank you for being who you are. You deserve spoken gratitude."
By this time, Anuhea's pet name had already been established as Nunu'. Her aunt has met the young gentleman and is already familiar with his noble family who runs the Local'Moco eatery.
"I knew I recognized him. He's a graceful young man. Respectful and deserving." The Aunt expresses. 
She really appreciates his respect for Anuhea's shy nature. Auntie also notices how Michael only occasionally kisses Anuhea’ conservatively on the cheeks. Although it was never made official, they're officially an item now. A young, healthy, vibrant couple. Although they never talk about it, naturally (inwardly) they’re excited about how and when the first time they'd embrace each other in the art of intercourse. How would turn out? Anuhea' often wonderes how she'd refrain from laughing during their first time. It's a real concern because they've really built a strong *laughing bond amongst themselves. Anuhea' knew it wouldn't fit during any serious attempt to be sexually intimate. Her solution has been to practice being sensual/serious when ever she was alone. There's nothing in the world Anuhea' desires more than for Michael to feel comfortable connecting to her femininity whenever that magical time came. (Interesting enough) Anuhea' has no idea that Michael shares some of the same concerns. He knew the pain [all too well] of romantic approaches being awkward. Michael also knows he's in love with his Nunu' -- with everything in him.
"I'd love for you to be my whole life Nunu."
Anuhea' laughed and hugged Michael before she playfully corrected him.
"...You mean your wife."
They smile.

DIAMOND HEAD
It's several weeks later. Michael notices that his scheduled days off are not in line with Anuhea's family commitment.
"I'd like to do something special with you this weekend. Can you call in sick from the swap meet this Saturday Nunu'?"
Anuhea' laughed because he's obviously alluding to asking her aunt for dismissal.
"I'd like to take you to Diamond Head Peak. I hear that climbing it is a good challenge."
Anuhea' wrapped her arms around his waist.
"You sure know how to choose beautiful ways of passing time my love. I adore your spontaneity."
Diamond Head is a popular mountain trail that attracts thousands of tourists annually. It's peak sits somewhat high above sea level. Oahu found it as profitable as it is an adventurous way to admire Hawaii's open fresh air and tree tops of forestry. As the two arrive at the summit, tourist are standing around anxiously organizing their permits and equipment. They seem to be happily optimistic and as excited as the locals here. It isn't the hike that makes these two tingle with smiley faces, it's their sheer joy and appreciation for spending time together. There's a sense of appreciation for being away from familiarity. Anuhea' and Michael are blissfully intertwined and they (though unspoken) understand this. This is a tour obviously poised and ready to assist these young smiles further into each others hearts and minds. As everybody assembled into a small groups, plenty of energy bars, bottled water and aloha spirit is eager to tag along with so many faces from so many different places. 
"When we reach the top; let's carve our names into something. I have a pocket knife on me. We'll scratch deep into something defenseless. Cool?"
"OK. Sounds good to me." Anuhea' replied.
While on the trail, they chatted about how long the tour guide will let them perch at the top and what they'd etch -- into something permanent when they arrived. Half way up the hike, they noticed a crowd of hikers (a part of an earlier group) gathered, resting and applauding as they gazed upwards.
"Wow," Anuhea' says.
She notices the beautiful waterfall before Michael does. It arched and fell 40ft into a deep body of water. But that isn't the cause for their applause. The applause is for the native cliff jumpers (obviously) designated to put on a fantastic show. Six men are taking turns jumping over the cliff and into the body of water. They're dressed in traditional Polynesian style grassy attire fit for swimming. Someone could make the argument that it's always impressive to see anything jumping off natural cliffs into natural waters. And impressive this viewing is. A rest stop that allows mainland tourists to enjoy this kind of artistry and take pictures. As they reached the peak; they see a huge boulder that's as big as a small automobile. Half the group perch on it for a minute to catch their breath.
"It feels good to be resting off our feet. It only took an hour to get here."
After taking ten minutes to appreciate the 360 degree view being offered at 760 feet above sea level, they decide to scratch a memory in a huge boulder -- just like they had planned to.
"Ok, here we go. You wanna' do it Nunu'?"
"No. I want you to do it. Whatever you write will be fine with me."
As Michael carefully chose a starting point, Anuea' is already laughing inside. She knows how Michael can be about details. She chose to read it aloud as he scratched the rock.
"Anuhea' plus + Michael Y2K". Awe! It's beautiful."
She's noticing how he wrote her name before his own. He's definitely a gentleman. It's a gesture that's absolutely worthy of the aloha winds. They sat taking in the fresh Hawaiian breeze.
"I often fantasize that we're both living on the mainland. Just the three of us. And..."
Anuhea' interrupts. "The three of us?..."
"Yes. We'll be a tri-fecta' after we have our baby."
She constantly dreamed similarly, so she's only (in reality) asking him to indulge her with the details. After they enjoyed the view, they descended to the starting juncture and headed for home. Climbing diamond Head has proved to be time well spent and a journey worth stepping into.

Chapter 2   AN EPOCH CONCEIVED
The young lovers are relaxing and experiencing how beautiful of a feeling it is when obligations are fulfilled, the bills are paid and all there is to do is whatever you want to do. Michael and Anuhea' are enjoying each other's company -- extra content to be skipping through the dozen channels their television antenna would retrieve. Outside their simple window, the whole face of the moon is shining bright as if it's raving about impressive the high tide is. They both sipped on a juiced concoction Anuhea' created while sharing a spam/rice dish Michael had made. He isn't much of a cook, but he did know some recipes from the eatery he worked at. His recipes are always simple. It's his conviction to get the recipes right that often amused his biggest fan. Tonight would've been like any other evening if Anuhea' hadn't said something earlier that excited Michael. He had explained to Anuhea' earlier how tonight he was going to stare into her eyes before they slept. It would've been a strange proclamation to any other woman, but Anuhea' is used to his shameless over-romanticisms. She usually smiled for her response, but this time she didn't. Earlier -- instead, she shocked him with an answer.
"And maybe tonight we can give our love something to remember forever!..."
Michael immediately recognized the sincerity in her gaze as well as the "flirt" in her voice. He could sense she's leading on to something she must've already considered. Something she really wants -- not only because she thought it was something he wanted. That was earlier and the day (since that moment) has been a mix of anxiousness and jitters between them. 

It's late in the evening, the mood is restlessness. Love is in the air. The two have long been living amidst the anticipation that a moment (such as this) would come. All the touching and teasing they'd been doing amongst themselves have snuck up on them so casually usher in this night. Anuhea' turned to Michael and spoke softly.
"Let's make magic tonight."
Previously, Michael had occasionally been keeping Anuhea' company on evenings like this, but this time would be different. She repositions her body in a way that she could kiss him on his lips intimately -- just like how she'd been practicing.
"I'd love for you to have all of me tonight.” she says this surprisingly easy.
"Are you sure love?" Michael answered back surprisingly calmly. 
Anuhea' stands to her feet and reaches for his hands. She's got something specially planned for him as she escorts him to the main bedroom. It's a moonlit night that is even better than that which she had imagined in her mind. It isn't long before the both of them are unfamiliarly completely undressed in each other's presence. As Anuhea' stands still watching him scan her exposed curves, his eyes are saying everything she needs to hear for validation and flattering. Neither had any reason to be insecure about their young, healthy bodies. It's Anuhea' who lays down first on her back and reaches out her hand encouraging him to mount her. He does.
"We're adults Michael. This is my choice for us both to enjoy. I promised myself I wouldn't be shy when this time came. I'm keeping my word.” she says.
A lit candle burns near the huge rose colored crystal on the sturdy night stand. The illumination being created by the flame bounced off the pink colored rock to manifest a gorgeous flickering of light. They have begun to kiss on one another and be kissed on more. Michael purposely kisses in the pelvic region of Anuhea' -- teasing her and fanning the fire growing inside her. Ultimately he's also getting himself so excited that he secretly feared his abrupt ending before he ever had his chance to penetrate her. The last thing Michael wants (at this moment) was his climax before her desires have been satisfied. As their sexual principles met for the first time, Michael enters a very eager, warm Anuhea'. In moments they go from amateurs to professionals savoring every sensation of each other. Anuhea' could feel Michael's principle pulsating with the rhythm of his blood pumping through his heart. Their bodies coiled and assembled into one single flow of energy. Every stroke is like pumping blood through a cosmological cardiovascular system. Their separate thoughts are now one conjoined awareness that even seemed to (again) spawn an awareness of its own. This is no longer about two people deepening their bond; no... This is the power of love smelting two beings into one consciousness. As the night grew old, they managed to please the flickering light twice more with each time savored and lasting a bit longer than the previous. 
Each session surpassing the selfish physicality's of intercourse. This is selfless bestowing no doubt. No form of birth control had been discussed nearly as much as these two flattered each other about being wedded. Anuhea's healthy, fertile body had very little chance of not being impregnated during this night of heated, passion. This night had purpose written in the stars where no marriage certificate was necessary. Michael and Anuhea' are now one. Bound by a force only death could deconstruct. The morning after seemed brighter than any other. Livelier than any before it. They are content like no other morning before now. [Now] both lay side-by-side attentive to each other through the silence -- coexisting in a bliss that neither had experienced before. None of this was being taken for granted. When Michael finally noticed the sun peaking through the window blinds. He kisses Anuhea' on the lips and twisted out of bed. His bare feet scanted into the small bathroom for a quick hygiene routine. Anuhea' didn't take offense witnessing his total focus on getting ready for work at all. Inwardly she's already screaming for the pure joy of excitement. She didn't know how long she could hold it in so she really preferred that he granted her some time alone. She wants to savor her achievement of womanhood [but] without embarrassing herself. After all; she'd just experienced intercourse for the first time. She had just as much to be jolly for as Michael. Even though time seemed to stand still; the most popular eatery in town still needed it's faithful crew members. The night was a success and surpassed both their expectations. Michael hurried to get dressed and ran back bedside where Anuhea' still lay gazing at him.
"I love you Nunu."
"I love you more.” she responds, looking him in his sincere eyes.
Michael remembers a statement she made yesterday.
"You were right my love. I’ll never forget last night. This feeling… This moment… I love you to pieces."
Anuhea' appreciates his over-achieved romanticism. After a kiss, he runs off to start the day. 
There was no pre-cautions made for preventing pregnancy, so they both now share a feeling (a knowing) that from this day on, they'd be earning money for their future baby that's on the way.
It's been two months and a typical journey of new, young lovers. They’ve been treating each other's bodies like toy’s to be played with and explored. These two are no exception to the EXCITED ABOUT SEX phase. Anuhea' is almost certain she’s been given a gift. It would make perfect since if she were pregnant. Oh the excitement. The gift of a love child to nurture and burp. By now the baby-onboard has been confirmed. A baby is on the way. Both, Michaels' and Anuhea's families are all equally excited about the bulge growing on his beloved. News spread fast through the community about the young couple expecting their first baby. The consensus [long ago] was that they both deserved a beautiful family -- more than any other young couple in the area. No one had any reason to be unsupportive. The young respectable adults are in love. They're bonded by their souls, engaged and enjoying every bit of it. It's unsurprising that Anuhea' didn't have to change her diet much to accommodate the baby sharing her nutritional needs. Nothing really changed because the two expecting love birds had already been with each other most of the time. They are'nt purposely neglecting their families and comrades during the pregnancy. Everyone understands this willingly and are ecstatically convinced that Anuhea' and Michael seemed meant for each other. ‘They know where to find us if they need us’ became the community's general consensus.
Anuhea's pregnancy is being appreciated by everybody for how standard it's coming along (in this community). It's been {All systems go}, healthy and undoubted for its' healthy delivery. It's been months now and Michael had promised himself that he'd join the American armed forces when the baby was around six months old. He desires time to enjoy the baby and help mom get use to her new routine before he finds himself being shipped to the mainland for basic training. Anuhea' is four months into her pregnancy and has been approved for maternity leave from her job as a hostess. As soon as her petite frame could no longer discreetly hide her belly, the gorgeously expecting pancake server elected that one source of income is all they really needed. Michael's income isn't large, but it does well for paying the bills. Up until now they'd been spending excessive amounts of money on furnishing the apartment they decided to share. It hosted a full-size bed dressed in a luxurious comforter set and many pillows of all sizes that usually ended up on the large area'-rug by morning. The huge pictures that hang on their bedroom walls are framed with organic woods (not metal) and act as wallpaper. Empty corners gave way to tall potted indoor trees. A single emerald couch and color television sat in the front room surrounded by two end tables and a generous coffee table. Since neither of them drank coffee, they opted to call it a "popcorn table". Eating is their favorite excuse to look directly in each others' eyes, so anything and everything that had to do with cooking or dinning spared no expense. In the kitchenette a fancier tall dinner table that seated four is decorated meticulously to accommodate (only) two of the dinnerware settings. The unused table space had candles on each side that created an "alley" for clear line-of-sight of each other. That had been Michael's idea. The two unused seats had been stacked and stowed away in a small porch closet. That had been an idea of Anuhea's. She had recently debated how less chairs would equal more space. It was a point being well proven.
"Any place decorated with space to spare is indicative of a mind with room for learning."
"You are as wise as you are beautiful to my eyes baby."
The only fixtures familiar from when Anuhea' originally moved in (a year earlier) was that pink colored rock crystal that seemed to be smiling.... That and a juicer in the small kitchen. It's partnered with a toaster, a celebrity endorsed tabletop grill and a dish rack full of fancy dinnerware. The only money they realistically needed to pay their simple bills is already being acquired through one of their incomes. No pagers; cell phones, cable or internet bills have ever been on their list of must haves. Playing dominoes and/or card games have always been a better option than watching the TV. However, they have invested in a nice television with a better antenna. The original was never meant to satisfy anyone other than Anuhea'. Most this happy couple did to entertain their friends was host board game parties or frequent the beach. It's several days before the baby is due to arrive and Anuhea' was told about a popular local option to have a home birth. She's informed how it gave mothers greater freedom during their labor to move, eat and bathe. It would also offer her the comfort of giving birth in a familiar place -- surrounded by people she loved. In this community, there's plenty well-practiced midwife's. Most charge payments that are exceptionally reasonable for their services. The decision is proudly agreed upon and a recommended midwife shows up a short time later to the residence. As they both sit smiling and talking with the woman they'd come to call "Nurse", her presence -- alone -- had a way of making the young lovers realize how close it is for this experience to unfold. Momma Nurse stays a while taking her time to reassure Anuhea' as she explains.
"Women have been giving birth naturally for centuries and I know you're going to do just fine. You'll get into a zone, your active labor will began and before you realize it, it'll all be a memory -- a process I call the *quick quick."
Anuhea' is too rooted in her own concentration. Her mind is focused on things past the thought of any pain that might escort the new life into this world. The midwife continues to explain.
"It's not like, 'Oh my God, it's a pain. I'm dying; I'm dying!!! No. It will be more of a gradual thing. So gradual, that you just kind of get through it. You'll be in a zone I spoke earlier about, and  I'll help you focus on helping this child see this world."
Anuhea' listened attentively. At the same time, Michael is preparing a green juice and coconut water recipe that's' been helping to keep his fiancé hydrated. It isn't long before Anuhea's midwife informed her that the newborn baby would be making an official debut soon.
"I suggest we utilize the tub method for this delivery. It's better for the baby to be born in the water. It'd be {from the water -- into the water}. When baby' is born, there's still the umbilical cord. Until I clip the cord the baby can still breathe through it. There's nothing to worry about."
The midwife finally convinces Anuhea' how this method has proven to be more comfortable during delivery for first-time mothers.
 
BIRTH OF AN EPOCH
It's around 2:00 a.m. and Anuhea's contractions have started. She'd been feeling a little bit nauseous and experiencing cramps the day before, but didn't really think anything of it.
"I'm not in any pain. How do I know if I'm actually having real contractions?"
She laughs as she asked this question, but as the contractions gradually increased in intensity, she just knew.
"Let me help you into bed Nunu. I'll handle the chores ok? No need to be heroic."
Anuhea' laid in bed for about an hour timing the small contractions on her wristwatch. They measured 3-5 minutes apart, lasting for one minute.
"Is it time to start preparing the birthing bath?... Could this be the real thing?"
Anuhea' shrugs.
Michael has been preparing enough towels for this to be a long labor. Nurse (the midwife) had warned Michael privately that when mothers had their first babies, the labor tended to take a while (20 hours on average). Nurse' wanted to make sure he was warned about the possible endurance he'd need. Michael sent a neighbor (pre-arranged) to fetch the midwife and he'd let her know what was going on. She's on the scene within 10-15 minutes. Just as she entered the apartment, she heard Anuhea' have a contraction and concluded that this sounded like the active labor. Another hour went by that gave Nurse' necessary time to set up and finalize the birthing bath. During this time family is converging into the small apartment and ran around finding chores to accomplish -- trying to be helpful. Anuhea's starting to get a little bit frantic during her contractions and had a hard time staying calm, but once they got to the birthing bath, everyone knew she felt much more relaxed. It's like a breath of fresh air, a realization that she's ok now because this is where you have a baby -- not on your couch while the television is on. Anuhea' labored in various positions for the next six hours. In the birthing tub, on the birthing stool, standing up while leaning on Michael and even on the toilet. When she tried to get in the bed, it proved to be a short lived relief. 
"There's no way I'm ever getting back in that bed again!!!"
She never did. Every position Anuhea' attempted was unyielding. Although silence did seem to make a few of these positions a little more tolerable, they seemed to have no sympathy for her. It was Anuhea's idea to have Aloha music playing in the background, but she changed her mind now that she's in labor. She pleaded through her discomfort.
"Someone, please cut that music off!!!"
An aunt rushes to the radio and complies. Anuhea's eyes are closed. She's focusing on her breathing and didn't want anyone talking too loudly.
"Michael! Come closer baby. Hold my hand please."
Around noon, both families could tell Anuhea' started feeling a little defeated. The contractions didn't seem to be getting any closer together. They're still 3-5 minutes apart.
"The time in between contractions must feel amazing." Michael says. 
He remembers the both of them reading how she would get "rests" in between contractions. Anuhea' figured that it would be the kind of break like when you stub your toe… First; it's a burst of pain, but then you wait and it goes away after a bit.  And how the only thing that remained would be the slight throbbing of where the pain occurred -- but no, the rest time in between contractions proved to be much more satisfying. In between contractions she felt totally fine. Almost too fine. Michael observed her level of relaxation between contractions and mentioned [twice] out loud.
"She can't possibly be in labor, she's falling asleep right now."
At this point Anuhea' felt like she needed to have at least a ballpark guess of how much progress she was making, so she asked the midwife to check her.
"Don't tell me a number! Just let me know if I'm making progress."
Anuhea' doesn't want to think, she just wants to know. A quick check confirmed that she's almost completely dilated! The pushing is by far the hardest part for Anuhea'. After the first hour (since she she's making normal progress), the midwife suggested a bit of direct pushing -- which while being uncomfortable, is incredibly helpful. During her second hour of pushing Anuhea' is feeling over-whelmed and starts questioning her ability to have this baby naturally. This came out in her laboring. She pushed for about three long, hard hours. During the first couple hours there was some loud moaning happening, but by this third hour, tears and yelling & screaming is what everyone is suffering through with the young mother-to-be. Anuhea' doubts herself several times.
"I don't think I can do this!" 
"Yes, you can. You're doing it right now."
Michael's reply has been usefully consistent.
He's been tub' side this whole time watching Nunu's tears turn into concentration. Nurse' looks at Anuhea' and speaks sternly.
"You need to look at me baby doll. Stop crying and focus all of this energy on pushing your baby out. Crying isn't going to help you have a baby."
Anuhea' kept pushing and the families are helpful in their silence. Pretty soon, she's close and Nurse announced she could see the baby's head. The small crowd applauded as Anuhea' was asked if she wants to see it in the mirror. This (first time mother) is just thankful her water broke when it did. Somehow, it's helping to make labor a little more comfortable. Anuhea' is now laboring on the birthing stool. At this point Nurse tells her that the baby is coming soon. Anuhea' couldn't give birth on the stool, so she needed to get back into the tub. The soon-to-be mother is freaking out and fussing hysterically.
"I can't make it to the tub. Hello!… I have a baby coming out of my vagina and you want me to lift my leg over the side of a giant tub?..."
The midwife wouldn't take "no" for an answer so she fought back:
"It's either the tub or hands and knees on the floor..."
Michael whispered a personal pep talk in his beloved's ear before she allowed him and a family member to help her into the tub. There was still time to go change and get into the tub with Anuhea', but the soon-to-be dad declined and it was a good thing he did. Literally moments later (at 3:32 p.m.), during Anuea's next contraction, the baby was born. She shot out like a torpedo. 

[Date of birth; March 3, 2001].
As son as the baby is delivered,  an enormous flood of endorphins caused Anuhea's face to morph and change dramatically. Nurse' (calmly) picks the baby up out of the tub and handed the child to Anuhea' before delivering the placenta. Anuhea' looks at her newborn child while her sweat and tears are no longer indistinguishable. 
"Wow! We did it! We're bad ass!" Anuhea says.
Not the most sentimental first statement after having a baby, but it's all she had in her to say. It gave this new mother the laugh she needed to rid herself of the remaining stress. Immediately following this came Polynesian themed chants and small applause. While the room filled with the chatter of women from both families. Anuhea' has never in her life felt more empowered than she did at this moment. She had just birthed a human and she did it without so much as an aspirin. Summing up the big day as an incredible experience. Anuhea' turned to the nurse to spoke.
"I'd absolutely do it all over again."
Michael's 'anake (aunt) speaks first to reply.
"Ho'olohe 'ohana! ...Akamai fo' da'kine hau'oli makua to ekani kamaiki ok?"
[translation:] "Listen lovers!... It'd be smart to parent only one infant for now ok?"
Everyone in the room sensed the humor and laughed. Anuhea' understood and smile. Although she' didn't speak much of the local language she did manage to reply to Michael's aunt;
" 'Ae 'Anake -- Ko'u Akamai kumu". 
[Translation:] "Yes Aunty -- my smartest teacher".
Anuhea' s breathing finally returned to a controlled rhythm.
"We're gonna' take our time enjoying our new baby."
She looks the infant in the face before she speaks.
"I want to know everything about her."
In this region of the world, it's common practice to name a child weeks after birth. So it was not unusual that Anuhea's full intention was to begin observing the baby girl before she gave her a inoa (name). This practice is known among the more elder, traditional villagers as *Pa Nana Ka.
All is well with the new family. Earlier this week, Michael requested asked manager for two weeks of leave.
"Shoots!!! Go brada'.  Four weeks for you brah'. Take da'kine tray of pupu's fo' relax."
Four beautiful weeks to enjoy his family uninterrupted. The popular Local'Moco (where he keeps an impressive attendance history) will be without their most committed employee, but his manager has no problem insisting that he accept one month of paid absence to tend to his new family. Michael is overwhelmed with excitement and gratitude. The faithful lad had never conceived of this kind of time away from the diner. 
There's few things more gratifying than spending well-deserved time away from workplace responsibilities. The three are doing exceptionally well at home. Family visit's to share holding and catching glimpses into the babies content eyes. Anuhea' enjoys being all the "girly" she pleased while talking about baby stuff with her bedside all female entourage'. Michael's has his supporters too. A cluster of male gendered cousins have managed to hook up a gaming entertainment system to the small television. Perhaps they figure this is how they'd ever see Michael [in these first couple months]. In many respects, they're right to assume their buddy would be reluctant to leave Anuhea' alone in the apartment. Even amidst a sleuth of pink baby bags, an ocean of diapers and freshly assembled baby furniture; boys will find a reason to enjoy their toys. 
It's 8 days after the arrival of the healthy baby. Anuhea' is breast feeding her bundle of joy in bed accompanied by a horde of decorative pillows that surround her. She's still contemplating a name for her little girl. Until now she's been content calling the beautiful girl "Mini Me". A popular movie gave her the idea. In this very moment of time and space, an awareness is speaking to her heart about this being the moment she should try to clear her mind. This seemed like an ideal time to concentrate into the eyes of her daughter and ask the child to speak to her heart. The baby is quiet. Too quiet. A content child. The new energy in the home is been accredited for the excitement of this trilogy. Anuhea' looks directly into the caramel colored eyes of the baby. No baby talk this time. She's searching and hoping to tap into some sort of telepathic line of conversation.
"Michelle". Anuhea' says softly. 
"Michelle it is." she exclaimes a second time as if the baby is being adamant about the matter.
"Honey!" Anuhea' calls out for Michael. 
When he arrived, she smiles at him confidently as he enters the room. "Michelle."
He'd been waiting anxiously for Anuhea's official attempt at naming his daughter. As he hears her say MICHELLE, he smiles at his lover because the name she has chosen sounds like his name. 
"That's a perfect name Nu'nu."
"Thanks; but honestly, I think it was her idea.” she replies. 
A few calls later and the announcement makes it official.
Chapter 3   LIKE FATHER, LIKE SON
It's now late in the year 2002. The apartment they're now sharing was up for its lease renewal soon. Michael had another plan.
"What if I join the Army, get through basic training and sent for you when I'm stationed? It'd be a bit of a journey -- being separated by land and sea, but we have to visualize the whole plan. I can definitely appreciate what our troubles would be worth. I've always wanted to join the service. What do you think babe'?"
"I can appreciate the whole picture. We'd be able to travel and show the mainland how local-kine' loves."
Anuhea' agreed charismatically because she's already been aware of his full intentions to join the armed forces. She'd grown used to him being close and kissable. Michael had no way of knowing how much his work shifts turned into hours of torment for Anuhea'. All she could think about now was the time away she'd have to suffer through. She loved him dearly. Everything about him. They sat and talked about every detail. They came to a conclusion. Before the end of the apartment lease, Anuhea' and Michael would get married in a simple courthouse ceremony. The both of them would (then) go live with her mother back in the Waipahu community (where Anuhea' grew up). After Michael was shipped to basic training, she'd then wait out the training portion of Michael's enlistment. Michael would be stationed somewhere in the United States, sign up to receive B.A.Q. (basic allowance for quarters) where he'd quickly lease any apartment off post and send for his family. This all sounded like a easy enough plan. It's solid and had little chance of running into stumbling blocks along the way. 
Just as planned they had their small courthouse ceremony. The two are officially married and Anuhea' is satisfied. Now that they're marriedneither notice anything spectacular about it. Nothing had really changed. The documents didn't decree them any more in love than they know they are. These two were already doing, living and feeling for each other in ways married people (often) fail to feel for each other. None-the-less the apartment lease had expired and Anuhea's mother was overjoyed that she could have this time to bond with her granddaughter (Michelle) before Anuhea' was to be stationed on the mainland. Michael went down to the Pearl Harbor M.E.P.S. (Military Entrance and Processing Station) where he signed up for the armed services. At the recruitment office Michael's A.S.V.A.B. test score is high and he's offered a military career as a signal support systems specialist (a.k.a. "31U"). This caused him much joy because job is designated to be a non combat arms M.O.S. (Military Occupational Specialty). When Anuhea' heard the details of this she would sleep even better at night. However, this came at a hefty price for the young wife. The recruiter had also told Michael to enjoy the next several days with his family because he occurred orders to be shipped off to Fort Jackson South Carolina. Eight weeks of basic training awaited him there and that after he graduated from the 8 weeks basic training, he'd be shipped to the Fort Gordon Signal Center in Augusta Georgia. There, he's scheduled for an additional four and a half months of A.I.T. (Advanced Individual Training). It was explained to him that this training was required for him to receive the schooling and government clearance to serve as the signal support specialist he signed up for. All this was good and bad news to Anuhea' but she promised herself that she'd suffer missing him only after he had shipped off. Now was not the time to cry and be discouraged.
"Everything's gonna' be ok babe'_I promise."
"I understand. You do what you have to do and we'll be here waiting."
Deep down, she accepted that Michael was only doing what he's been desiring to do. Anuhea' respected how her husband was now doing it for the family he loved. If he's content, so should she be.
Meanwhile, the next several days are spent at Anuhea's mother's Waipahu residence. Everyone was excited about the venture that awaited. Although everything was going as planned, Anuhea' tried not to think about the space and time that would soon separate her from her lover. Michael was shipped on schedule and his basic training was accompanied by a weekly stream of handwritten letters. He finished on schedule as an exemplary E-1 private. While his family and goals motivated him, his level of fitness was the help that got him through the morning runs and physical fitness courses. Michael graduated from the Fort Jackson basic training brigade and acquired his orders to attend the Fort Gordon Signal Center in Augusta Georgia. Anuhea' missed him greatly, but she's patient and had confidence that this would be all worth it.

It's 4.5 months later and Michael has successfully graduated from the Fort Gordon Signal Center as an official signal support systems specialist. He has proudly earned his signal corps affiliation status. Michael graduated and was issued orders to be stationed at the 101rst Airborne Air Assault Infantry Division at Fort Campbell. Now he finally knew where his family would reside. News got back to a very anxious Anuhea' and it was "about damn time" [her words]. It tickled Michael to hear his wife say this over the phone because he'd been thinking the exact same thing. 
He finally arrives at Fort Campbell wearing the rank E-2 proudly. After promplty filing his marrital status Michael is issued a 2-story, 3-bedroom Townhome. It's on the military base, more than enough space and perfect for him and his young family.
A total of 8 months from Michael's enlistment day, Anuhea and baby Michelle arrived by plane. She'd never flown on the behemoths that commanded the Hawaiian airways. He's wearing his issued class-A uniform when he met Anuhea' and baby in the air terminal. He's slightly thinner and a tad bit lighter since the Hawaiian tan left his skin long ago. The three are shuttled through the 101st's main gate and straight to their military housing unit. The happiness that filled the half empty resident was beyond any expectation. This was earned. This moment was the start of a young family that had every reason to be content.

It's already nearing 2004 and the Laster family is thriving. Baby Michelle is 3yrs old -- which is hardly a baby at all. Healthy, smiling and still extremely observational and already practicing what most adults have long lost. Presence. In the small backyard, Michelle spots a purple coneflower. She bends at the knees to study it closely. Michelle stares at the flower as if she's expecting it to walk away. Michelle ran off to get the shovel from the small closet and begins to gently remove the flower from the dirt. She manages to keep its delicate roots intact and in the dirt. As Michelle stands up, one hand is holding the dirt that contains the roots while the other hands holds the flower. She wants to show it to her mother.
"Mom! Look what I got."
"Oh. How beautiful! It's a coneflower. Michelle, you're dropping dirt all over the carpet. Let me knock the dirt off the roots."
As Anyhea' reaches for Michelle's hand that holds the roots, Michelle starts to cry frantically.
"!!!No momma, no!!! You can't."
"What do you mean I can't? I'm just going to get the nasty dirt off."
"!!!No, no!!! You can't ok?"
[Michelle is in an uproar and refuses to let go of the dirt-covered roots]
"Why Michelle?"
"You don't understand."
She's still crying uncontrollably. Anuhea' has hit some-what of a sensitive spot in Michelle.
"You'll hurt it."
She says with a conviction more reasonable for protecting a puppy.
"Michelle, calm down. I don't mean to upset you."
"It's not a coneflower. It's alive like us. If you take the dirt away, it will suffer and die."
Anuhea' has always had a soft spot for seeing her baby cry. It's very rare that Michelle ever got this angry or disapproving. The display of sincerity forced a tear from Anuhea's eye.
"Michelle, I'm sorry. You're absolutely right."
Inwardly Anuhea' is perplexed as much as she is amiss. Her daughter has just used a word she'd never heard her say. "Suffering". Where'd that word come from? Television?... No. A plant suffering? Michelle is too worried about the flower to interrogate.
"I'm just gonna' put it back where I found it ok?"
Michelle let a final sniffle rid her of the anxiety her mother caused. 	
She continues.
"I don't want to worry about it, so I'll put it back."
She says (already) half into her turn towards the back door. 
This little soul is in a rush to get the flower to safety. She recognized how much better she'd when it was back outside. When she returned 30 minutes later, it was obvious she spent time in fresh dirt. Her little knees and hands are covered in it. 
"Michelle, you feel better now?"
"Yes. I put it back. Can we have ice cream?" 
Of course Michelle smiles at Anuhea' in total forgiveness. All was well now and her heart only knows how to love without begrudging.
 At her young age, Michelle's wide, soft, caramel eyes had a way of looking straight into the souls of people. Especially strangers. Any stranger who got close enough to get a look into this toddler's eyes was (metaphorically speaking) "stopped at the front door". It's hard to explain how Michelle is a master at gazing straight into the souls of people. Babies and young toddlers have always been known for this type of behavioral "study habit". Most toddlers will study the faces of strangers -- this is a fact. However, with Michelle this felt different. Michelle isn't only studying the face. She's searching behind the eyes. It's reminiscent of when two adults are interested in each other and use their eyes to communicate this. It's focused energy getting the attention of focused energy. Pure intent to communicate something or scan for something specific. But what was Michelle saying? What was this toddler trying to vibe from these strangers? Anuhea' usually ends up apologizing when Michelle's "studying" was followed by her lack of any expression. It was rare, but every now and again Michelle wouldn't break the gaze at all. Although she seemed to be empty of any judgment taking place, these moments often left the one being observed a bit embarrassed -- having to smile off the miscommunication. Michael also witnesses this behavior from Michelle although not nearly as much as Anuhea'.

Although young Michelle walks well enough, she still prefers to ride in the stroller. When out-and-about, she'd stop to study something and cause Anuhea' to "wake her". The stroller was also a way that Michelle could see something without her forward progress being impeded. Even in their resident there was a lot to study and she didn't want to miss any of it. Michael was also noticing how baby Michelle never experienced with running. She's never in a  rush to get from any point to the next.
	
Today is another day and Anuhea' just finished dressing baby Michelle for shopping at the A.A.F.E.S. (Army Air Force Exchange Station), but Anuhea' would get her first real sign that Michelle was different. As they headed for the front door 3yr old Michelle stops at the door and begun to have a [standing] panic attack. She isn't acting irate or anything like that, but Anuhea' thought it odd to see her baby breathing as if she wanted to cry. It was more disturbing to see how the child wouldn't allow herself to. It's also very odd to see how in control she is of her distress. The (usually behaved) little one is absolutely refusing to follow Anuhea' through the door. Nunu' holds out her hand and asks the toddler a question.
"Are you coming?"
Michelle is staring into the distance -- pass Anuhea'. Her breathing was worsening as her attention was focused on the world behind Anuhea'.
"What's wrong Michelle?" Anuhea' asks the three year old. She isn't expecting much of any answer. She only asked in her attempt to get Michelle's attention. Perhaps calm her down. Michelle speaks in a controlled outpour.
"I don't want to' go out there.... Not yet."
Anuhea' is impressed with the way Michelle spoke in a complete sentence. It would've been untimely celebrating under these circumstances.
"Why?” she asks Michelle.
[She continues.] "Ummm.... When I'm ready ok?"
Michelle's conviction is deep with emotion and is causing tears to form in Anuhea's eyes. She's celebrating Michelle's language skills while she is (at the same time) feeling Michelle's deep reluctance all at once. Anuhea' came to stand next to Michelle and got on one knee. She looks Michelle right in her caramel colored eyes and slowly asks a simple question.
"What's wrong Michelle?"
The toddler stands quietly continuing to breath disturbingly as Anuhea' decides to disregard the thought that she's actually talking to a small toddler.
"Talk to me Michelle".
She's now pleading with her daughter in an adult tone of maturity. Michelle finally looks Anuhea' straight into her eyes and speaks in [still] a trembling little voice.
"You go and I'll stay. Ok?"
Anuhea' has a natural soft spot for seeing Michelle's eyes filled with tears. It's such a rare occurrence that she has a natural inclination to do whatever she could to help settle her beloved. She responded.
"Ok Michelle".
Michelle continues.
"I disagree with too much...."
Anuhea' interrupted.
"But you're gonna' have to come outside eventually Mimi'!"
The sweet half-panicked toddler sniffled her reply.
"I know. Just not now. Ok?"
Although she's in better control of her breathing, she still hadn't stepped through the doorway. This little girl is displaying her first application of stubbornness. A very unmovable kind of stubbornness. 
Later into the evening Nunu' is watching Michelle feed herself confidently and chose this moment to ask Michelle the question that had been burning in her all day.
"You don't like going outside. What's going on sweetie'? What were you scared of?"
Young Michelle's answer raised more questions than answers.
"I wasn't crying because I was scared. I cried because I care."
Anuhea' struggled for clarification, but Michelle just shrugged her small shoulders through the remainder of the interrogation. Just that quick Michelle returned to being hardly a talker. It was at this point Anuhea' had a revelation about her daughter. All this time Michelle's lack of chit-chatter isn't because she couldn't talk, it was because she is steadfast stubborn about choosing not to.

A TODDLERS WISDOM
Baby Michelle is now 3 and a half years of age. This is a semi-talkative year for this toddler. It's also a very confusing year for her proud parents. It seemed like on a weekly basis, Michelle would turn into someone she couldn't be -- someone much older -- someone with much more in her than her own parents had it in them to describe.
Anuhea' is playing with Michelle on the master bedrooms' queen size mattress. Jumping on it proved to be good fun and quality girl-time. Oddly enough, it's Anuhea that initiated the "daddy's away" festivity. Michael had witnessed Michelle doing it in her room and spoke against it. Well, whenever he was away, Anuhea' and young Michelle spent several minutes jumping on the master bed. Its playful defiance was a show of girl power and created a hush-hush bond between the two ladies. The level of laughter was partly spawned from its necessity of dysfunctiional trust and "hush" between the girls. 
After this particular pastime, they're out of breath as usual. The joy of laughing had been achieved when Anuhea' chose this moment to get sentimental. 
"If I would be content more with life, we would jump on this bed together forever."
Michelle answered back unexpectedly and with a parable that stuttered Anuhea's jovial hospitality.
"It's life that's pressing to be more content with us."
Anuhea' is very aware that Michelle is talking less and less with every week that goes by. Moments like this proved helpful for encouraging little Michelle to speak.
"Go ahead sista!!! Preach it like you feel it!!!" 
Michelle continues -- naturally reciprocating her mothers excitement.
"!!!Contentment is the highest gain, good company the highest course, inquiry the highest wisdom and peace the highest enjoyment!!!"
Inwardly, Anuhea' was absolutely without words, but she had to think fast to react passive.
Although Anuhea' heard every word clearly, she wants confirmation.
"What? Say it again."
But Michelle did not say it again. Instead, she laughs it off. Did she forget what she just said? Had something else taken control of this child for a moment? Has the wisdom of a past-life surfaced just long enough to speak through her? One thing is for sure, there's been plenty of these kinds of occurrences this year. Michelle had only one more thing to suggest.
"!!!Ice cream!!!..."
A battle cry this mom is glad to occomadate. 
"Let's get some ice cream!!!” she responded comically.
As they indulge, Anuhea' tries not to make it so obvious that she's thinking about it while she eats her strawberry ice-cream, but Michelle's words kept playing back in Anuhea's ears. It sounded like a riddle. A poem she was reciting. It was obviously neither. It came from a deeper source.
It's been two weeks and Michelle is napping with Anuhea' while Michael is away with his family. Michelle and Anuhea' lay in bed facing each other admiring each other's eyes. As Michelle starts to fade away to sleep, Anuhea' speaks softly to herself.
"If there is anything worthy of my worship it is you that came from me. If I was forced to worship a god or a king, your heart would be the destination of my prayers...."
Before she could go on chanting beautiful sentiments of admiration to her half asleep toddler, she's interrupted. Michelle's eyes are already closed when she matches the softness of Anuhea's voice and began to speak.
"A fool is worshipped at his home. A chief is worshipped in his town. A king is worshipped in his kingdom. It's the knowledgeable person that's worshipped everywhere and forever."
The room was quiet enough for Anuhea' to have heard every word that came from this child's mouth. She begins to cry in disbelief. There is a slight anger growing in Anuhea' too for why Michelle would not demonstrate her brilliance when her father was around? Anytime Michael was close, she's slow to speak. Only when "Mommy" was around did this little jewel speak in parables that would shake every fiber of Anuhea.  They'd be things that no typical toddler would express. What made Anuhea' grow frustrated (in the days that followed) knowing this. Michelle and Michael continue to laugh days away. There time together was just as necessary for a great day as the sun. So it isn't personal that Michelle did more laughing than speaking when daddy was around. She loved him more than anything. There was just no mention from Michael about Michelle ever exercising philosophical tendencies. No mention from daddy witnessing daughter spout like an esteemed poet. Interesting how "Mom" managed to get impressive sentences out of this child (though few) who is growing less talkative by the month. Perhaps she's exchanging her speech for her new talent to squeech! This beautiful, intelligent child has recently developed a very high pitched squeech when she gets excited. It started a short while ago while daddy' was chasing her through the house. It sounded like a loud, quick burst of a disruptive scream. It's definitely throat-based. No child of any age should be capable of this kind of squeech without doing injuring to their throat or vocal chords but Michelle did, and does it well.  It took some getting use too. Even the neighboring units thought they had a serious cause for concern when these dramatic outbursts first started happening. It took them observing Michelle "SQUEECH" while she was playfully running from daddy (in the front grassy area), before the neighbors were confidant it meant all is exceptionally well. The neighbors learned to appreciate when they hear this squeech.
It's another quiet night in the community. Anuhea' is laying in bed with Michelle. She's had some questions brewing in her, but had no one to ask for answers. She realizes how Michelle hasn't been speaking as much as she used to. While daughter-dearest was starting to fall asleep, Anuhea' throws her questions to the wind. They weren't necessarily questions she wanted Michelle to answer, she only desired that Michelle's ears would subconsciously hear her asking.
"Why do your words leave you? Where do they rest? What is it about you that makes me feel so alive? Why do I feel so balanced when I'm around you?"
And just as she asked these questions, Michelle never opened her eyes while she answered Anuhea'.
"We were created to be several layers."
Anuhea' is shocked and surprised because she thought Michelle was sleeping. She desperately wants to understand what she has heard and whispers into Michelle's ears.
"What' layers? What do you mean?"
Michelle's next response is unbelievable before she nods off into an unresponsive sleep.
It's the next morning and Anuhea' plans to ask Michelle about this during breakfast.
"The speed of light is fast. The speed of gravity is much faster. Love can not travel because it is already where it would be sent."
Anuhea' eventually stops thinking about Michelle's words long enough to fall asleep. The next morning, She wakes up to find that Michelle is missing from the house.
"Babe' have you seen Michelle!"
"No, I haven't Nunu'. Is everything alright?"
 She went to find Michelle for breakfast, but she's missing.
 "Michelle? Where are you? Michelle?” she panic's frantically.
It's when she decides to check the backyard that she finds Michelle's lying on her back and motionless in the center of the open grassy area. Patricia panics.
"Oh my god!!! Michelle? Are you ok?"
When she reached Michelle, their eyes met and Michelle smiles. She's ok. She isn't harmed or hurting. Turns out, she was just laying on her back in the backyard -- observing the sky and watching the clouds pass by.
"Michelle I thought you were hurt. Oh my gosh, don't scare me."
"Oh, you found her. Is she alright?"
"Yeah, she's o.k." she sighed in obvious relief.
This is a special child alright. One that takes time to admire the simple things in life.

MICHELLE'S FIRST DANCE
There are so many other aspects of this special love child that had already made curtain calls. How much more could be in this small one that has yet to be enjoyed? This evening the family was playing board games together. Michael felt jovial and wants to [once again] enjoy a ritual he and Michelle did almost weekly before Michelle was born. He turned the radio knob to a popular dance station for some silly dancing.
"It's been a while since we danced ourselves silly Nunu."
She smiles because she knows what he's asking. Only this time would be different because they had an audience. Previously this was a private ritual to celebrate their lack of ego, love and laugh (between themselves). Anuhea' looks at Michelle and calculates how much their daughter would enjoy the theatrics of it.
"Ah, what the hell..."
As Anuhea' stood to join Michael, they both stand waiting for the next song to start. As soon as it did, the dancing began. They're absolutely and joyfully uncoordinated. The bright eyed love-child is content to be watching their displays of unconventionalism. Michelle's smile is automatic. She observing her daddy and mommy be sillier than she'd ever witnessed her parents to be. This is a new playful scene that Michelle wasn't going to' sit and settle for watching any longer. It looks like too much fun to pass up. Half way through the song (and well into the lovers laughing embarrassingly), Michelle stood to her little feet and joined the fun. She (too) started dancing. Michelle's feet seemed to be inseparable as she jumped up and down in a stomping gesture. She's stomping rigorously while studying her own feet -- totally unplugged from Anuhea' and Michael watching her. 
"She's a natural." Anuhea' says.
All three are almost completely out of breath, filling the room with a silliness, uncoordinated dance moves and outrageous gut busting laughter. Michelle caught on to the rules quickly as she dances and laughs simultaneously. They're laughing so hard that tears ran down their faces. *BANG BANG BANG. The neighbors are not so pleased and banged on the walls for asking them to lower the commotion. All three of the dancers froze hearing the banging and decided to slam onto the couch together -- still laughing ridiculously. It never failed to be a great time. Michael gets the credit for its genius plot to invoke childishness. This ritual now had a third participant. Michelle now had a new appreciation for the joy of dancing.

A week has gone by. Michael is noticing the apartment seems extra quite. When he opened the door to the bedroom, he noticed Anuhea' was laying next to Michelle on their bed. Usually the baby was laid to rest comfortably in her room situated next to their own. Anuhea' isn't facing the doorway to see Michael standing there casting his shadow from the hallway lighting. She's content studying the face of their baby girl. She's in the rhythm of Michelle's breathing. Michael's curious.
"Babe, you ok?"
"Yeah, I'm fine. I'm just being a girl."
Anuhea' s hand is the only thing moving. She's softly stroking the hair of the sleeping toddler. Still, she can feel Michael looking at her from the doorway.
"Isn't she beautiful?"
She wants him to know what she's thinking. Her way of inviting him into the moment.
"You're both beautiful to me Nunu. You're both magical."
"I'm a mommy. You're a daddy. We made her. This is all so amazing."
Michael is sensing the raw emotions in her sincere voice and decides to enter the room. He kneels bedside on his knees, places a single hand on Anuhea's waist and whispers in her ears.
"You know what Nunu? I still stay awake sometimes to watch you while you sleep. In those moments I feel like the luckiest man alive. Now I have two women in my life that I can appreciate while they sleep. Words can't explain how much I love my life -- my girls."
As he expresses his sentiments, Nunu smiles and allows tears to quietly flow from her eyes. Of course Michael loves and appreciates his wife as much as his bride loves the life she gave birth to. There's nothing that can cause this happy home to break up. There bonds are fortified. This trinity is truly forever. As Anuhea' lay there facing Michelle, Michael kisses her before he left the room. He knew she still had some "appreciating" left to do. He has plans to "appreciate" her in their own bedroom. As it turns out, It's not feeling "girly" that has Anuhea' mesmerized. She's in a spiritual moment of presence. She's allowing her mind to be fully aware of the love and connection she feels for this moment. A moment that's partially about Michelle and more about everything this moment involves. Life, love and happiness. Michelle is simply the trigger -- the meditation.

Chapter 4   DADDY'S LITTLE GIRL
Michael always looked forward to making baby girl laugh when he returned back from his field training exercises. However, this isn't one of those happy moments. The next morning  the commanding sergeant major would be addressing the 187th while the brigade is in formation. 3 months of black cycle meant longer work days to include a 25-35 day away from somewhere in the tree lines of Tennessee. All this is scheduled to start in a few days.
"Listen up soldiers. When this black cycle is over, the 187th infantry group will be having a [bring your own family] Bar-B-Q picnic. While you're out back making uncle Sam proud, let the thought of  beautiful burgers and tasty wives help you to train hard. Yeah!!! That's right. Beautiful burgers. That works for me because in my case, lately, my wife resembles the gotdamn wolverine. Time for you grunts' to get out the classroom and get into some dirt gentleman. Happy gruntin'."
It's 48 hours later and a small fleet of tactical vehicles such as HMMWV's and LMTV's cleared the motor pool. They'd be meeting grouping with an more impressive fleet of M1-Abram track vehicles, Chinook and black-hawk fighter air assault vehicles. The 25 days of live-firing field exercises commenced. Corporal Laster speaks to a fellow soldier while following their First Sergeants' orders to lay two mile of tangle foot.
"Man, I feel lucky. Most these guys come out here and hate it. I do to, but I constantly think about my wife and our daughter. It makes me happy to think they're back there waiting on me."
"Yeah that may be true for you Laster, but most guys don't have the true value of a happy marriage under their roofs. For instance: When was the last time you argued with your wife?"
"Shoots, never brah'." Michael answered back.
"See? That's exactly what I mean. Me, I look forward to being out here because it gives me space from my family. They always want something. Hell, as soon as I'm all out of it, that's when they seem to want more."
"Well, I miss my family just enough to keep me happy out here. Plus, I'm doing what my father loved to do. The sounds of the weaponry, small arms ranges and artillery rockets striking grid coordinates in the back ground. I love coming home dirty and seeing my lady clean, fresh and smiling. Makes me feel like I'm doing what the man is supposed to be doing."
"You got a good one. She worships you."
"No my friend. You got it all backwards. What the shop observes between me and Anuhea' is the result of me worshipping her."
As a signal support systems specialist, Michaels job is to support the 187th infantry brigade with maintaining tactical radio configurations and antenna groups. More so; as a E-4 corporal assigned to headquarters company signal shop, he's also privileged (or cursed) to be the sergeant major's backup R.T.O. (radio transmitting operator). This meant that he'd also be CSM. Savusa's HUMVEE driver if need be. The job was tough, but absolutely rewarding. Tactical telecommunications plays an extremely vital role in training and in the theatre of live conflict. It seemed like forever, but eventually this was another black-cycle behind this brigade of dirty, tired soldiers. The black cycle was a complete training success. The brigade drove back to the motor-pool and pressure washed its fleet of tactical vehicles. They're covered in mud and dust from the rigorous terrain they had to maneuver through during training. This infantry unit is excited to be back home and these men had their brigadier family picnic as promised. Anuhea' and Michelle are so excited to see their champion. It'd been weeks  of him "missing" in the backwoods of Fort Campbell. Anuhea' always called it "missing" and not "training". "Missing" to her has multiple usages. Her husband was being "missed" and because she could not locate him, he was "missing" from their home.

It's a beautiful sunny day at the headquarters company barracks. Michaels girls' are among many young ladies enjoying this picnic. Every smiling face is enjoying either tether-ball, toss water balloons, play horseshoes, sit and enjoy dominoes, linger around the two active Bar-B-Que pits or be content to watch the soldiers try to out run their defender playing tag football.  The Kentucky sun is hospitable. It's a grand time. Anuhea' is meeting new people not to far from where little Michelle was watching her dad play football. The festivities were coming to an end in spectacular grunt style. The "First Sergeant" challenged the soldiers to climb the headquarters ropes (even while wearing their civilian clothes). These boys didn't mind jumping in the sand pit for a chance to show their wives how tough they are -- how "hooah" each could be. A small audience collected at the base of the two ropes. One by one, the motivated gun-ho troops would call out a soldier from a different military occupational specialty. It escalated into a time to represent the different affiliations. The kids concentrated on the rope a few feet away. Both were hoisted to a simple system of two telephone poles with a cross section 30ft over a sand pit. One-by-one the kids tried and failed to reach the top of their rope in front of 100+ onlookers. Of course they are, but they're being motivated seeing the soldiers climb high and cheered on by their teammates. On any day of the week during physical training, this is difficult enough for physically fit men and their egos. Yet, here the kids have fun attempting what (only) a dozen of the soldiers have accomplished thus far to reach the top. Five year old Michelle is silently intrigued. This was her first picnic behind the screaming eagles front gate. She'd never seen this type of activity before. She tilted her head upwardly into the sky and see's the horizontal section of pole that greeted the two knots of rope -- 30ft high above the sand pit. Kids seem to naturally appreciate sand pits. Just as the soldiers and their families started leaving the sand pit (where the children still try effortlessly), Michelle let go of daddy's hand and studied her way to the base of the rope. The soldiers are starting to relax and fallback when Michael smiles proudly and figures some encouragement would get her to actually try it. Passing the "point of progress" that the other kids had reached was not a concern for Michael. He wants Michelle to try and have fun doing it. This focused young girl looks straight up and grabs the rope. Her hands barely wrap completely around the thick hemp. To the surprise and astonishment of the enlisted soldiers and officers present, Michelle flared her legs parallel to the horizon to signal that she's about to attempt a climbing method that did not utilize natural leg strength. She'd studied the gung-ho supervisor Sgt. Corbin from motor pool do this successfully several minutes earlier. No jumping start was necessary. As she begins to hoist herself upwards one small arms length at a time, the crowd went crazy. Her concentration -- her hand coordination -- her strength! Wow!!! The enlisted soldiers went bonkers. The officers present are stunned. She's half way up and not stopping. Matter of fact she never stops to look down. Anuhea's disbelief was interrupted with concern about Michelle's safety and falling from so high. Luckily, there're so many men around (capable of catching Michelle), that she released her anxiety to enjoy the cheering and excitement this was causing. Even those who weren't initially assembled at the rope when Michelle started upward, heard the commotion, rushed over and joined the spectacular presentation. HHC Company Communications Shop personnel rushed to Michael's side where he's standing with his mouth wide open. They chant and charge up the young girl as if they're winning the superbowl. Every eye was witnessing a fearless girl "gung-ho" this exercise. Just as she reaches the top of the rope, she wraps her legs around the hemp rope and looks 30feet down. Anuhea' stands witnessing this while covering her mouth in shocking disbelief. Michelle than wisely used the hand-under-hand technique properly to climb down in full control. This five year old understood very well that sliding down would've caused friction and burned her small hands. Just as she entered reaching distance, Michael pulled Michelle off the rope and hoisted her on his shoulder. A sleuth of high fives later, Michelle had accomplished creating the loudest brigade picnic ever. She's a celebrity in this armed forces unit. A true rakkasan. Daddy's little girl. Hooah!

THE WATER PARK
It's been several weeks since Michelle made the rakkasan unit proud. Michael wants to take Michelle somewhere where he could really have some alone time with his pride-and-joy.
"Nunu, I'd like to take Michelle to the water park this weekend. Just me and her." 
"Oh, no problem babe'. Another date huh?"
Of course Anuhea' has never objected to Michael spending alone time with his #1 fan. She likes to refer to these daddy/daughter times as "dates". She smiles at him. A day later, Anuhea' is away just as they planned it out. Michael is excited to announce the water park to his"date". He loved to make her smile.
"Michelle... Honey! I'm going to a pool park. You wanna' go with daddy?"
He intentionally makes it seem as though this is a spur of the moment venture. Michael successfully figured it'd prove to feel more like a surprise to a five year old. The house echoed the loud squeech of an overly excited youngster. She runs right up to daddy barefooted and hugs his legs with that smile only she could pull off. Although Michelle doesn't watch TV -- where she'd (more than likely) be exposed to the concept of a pool, she'd been to one of the pools located on post at the 101rst division before. Its impression was enough to make her well aware that pool meant water -- lots of it.
"Well, Go get your swimsuit on. We got water to play in."
With that, she zips upstairs and (moments later) jumps down the stairs in her one-piece swimsuit. It's green with palm brown palm trees on it and compliments her walnut colored skin as well as her smile compliments her heart. The commute to the water park is quiet, but Michelle never stopped smiling. When they arrive, the small admission fees were paid and they walked through the front cast iron gates holding each other's hand. Michelle is bedazzled. Her walk slows (almost to a halt). Her smile turned into pure concentration. This five year old has never seen this before. So many kids playing around an endless array of huge, high-standing twisting tubes. They're even climbing into these water spitting behemoths. Her facial expression was doing all the talking. Her facial expressions were doing all the talking. They're saying this isn't the pool I remember at all. This is a world apart. Her eyes are curiously taking this all in. The kids, the parents, the personalities,  the splashing, the screaming, the excitement.
"Well baby girl,... Which one do we slide down first?"
At this point, Michelle is obviously too busy scanning the scene to pay any attention to Michael's voice. He didn't mind at all. Actually; it made him smile.
"I know whatcha' mean. I'll tell you what! Let's just walk around and check this place out."
It's obvious Michelle heard daddy' say this because although she never looks up at Michael, her grip tightened on his hand as she slowly starts to advance forward. Action now surrounds her on all sides. A group of young girls about Michelle's age zipped close by and caught her studying gaze. They just inadvertently taught Michelle that it's proper etiquette to hurry, but not run. One smiling child after another Michelle grows comfortable to relax. One scream after another, she starts to enjoy herself for the joy of being content. Michelle spots a large flat pool that was somehow creating its own waves for its swimmers and points to it. It's walk-in accessible and made sense because it most resembled the pool she was expecting to see.
"That one?"
She nods her head yes. They grab two donut tubes and enter the water. Michelle found it to be an adventure -- in her attempts to board the tube. It eventually became cooperative. This wave pool is packed full of patrons. Michelle learned quikly that bumping into others on their tubes is unavoidable, not rude. It's designed to be a part of this features experience. There's no need to feel bad about intruding on strangers personal space. As her uh-oh's became ah-ha's, she starts smiling at everyone she bumped into -- excepting it's probability. 
"There you go Michelle!!! Give a smile, receive a smile." 
...And smile she did plenty of. Although this is one of the water parks most relaxing features, it's no shortage of fun. The two laughed at every rude splash that reached their faces. Her talent for squeeching may be slightly interrupting to their neighbors at home, but here, at this park her loud squeech is being more than welcomed. It's blending in with the fun. 
It's two hours later when this good thing neared its end. Michelle could've spent days adventuring here, but it was an empty stomach that decided to break the news.
"Daddy's getting hungry. You wanna' go grab some ice cream and go check on Mom?"
Michelle nods her head "yes" with her squinting eyes still being caused by her smiling cheeks. They kicked water until their tubes reached the edge of the pool (that makes its own waves) and able to stand. It had been the only section of the park Michelle was interested in exploring. She showed no interest to leave the artificial waves, so Michael was content allowing her to laugh and squeech as she pleased. 
Daddy and daughter made it back home after ice cream. Anuhea' had been waiting to see how Michelle's sun tanned smile would tell her side of the story for her when they returned. As soon as the front door opened, Michelle ran right pass Anuhea' with a loud squeech. Her tan and her excitement shot straight upstairs.
"Wow! Seems like someone really enjoyed her date!"
"It was fun. Your daughter wanted to stay in one spot the entire time. You know how she is. When she's observing, she's content."
They hug and share a kiss.

Chapter 5   OFF TO WAR
The young family is loving life. Memories have been savored and are still being enjoyed -- literally "picture perfect". These young parents have a common appreciation for "perfecting family" (if there is such a thing". Michelle is both of their indulgences. Their delight. Their sign of how well they're doing as practicing parents. Unfortunately their contentment is interrupted. At the company headquarters, orders are issued for Command Sergeant Major Savusa of the 187th infantry regiment (101st division) to start preparing for conflict resolution tasks in the middle-eastern region (war).
     Michael is a soldier in the 3rd battalion, 187th Iron Rakkasan brigade. Although he had signed up for a non-combat arms military occupation, he's attached to a combat unit and is part of their signal support personnel. Anuhea' has no idea war was a possibility for Michael. She's still under the impression (because of his M.O.S.) he was not in any position to go to war. Misinformed hopeful wishing gave her a sense of relief as artificial as the waves at that water park. Michael's shop personnel notified him as soon as he arrived that this was a reality for him in this highly decorated war regiment. Michael hid his "A" and "B" deployment bags at the barracks all this time. Michael told Anuhea' everything. She burst into tears and cried out loud. There was nothing the young wife could do. She grabbed baby Michelle and disappeared into their bedroom where she had that same pink crystal from her small apartment in Honolulu. She owned a cell phone at this time, but never thought to call anyone. This was her battle [at home] before his war [afar]. He has a few weeks before he is to serve "support missions" somewhere in the middle east. 

       If the week of deployment arrived fast, deployment day arrives before the roast was ready. A very distraught Anuhea' chose to attend and wave away her husband from the tarmat where masses of soldiers would fly out of sight. She'd never seen so many soldiers amassed in formations before.  She had baby Michelle in a stroller and stood in a designated area for family and loved ones. For some odd reason seeing so many men and woman that would accompany her husband made Anuhea' feel better. In her mind the odds of her husband being in harm's way were minimized because so many other soldiers are going -- so many other wives and spouse's staying behind. 
"Michael isn't going to be a stand-alone hero.” she speaks outloud, seemingly to herself.
"He's one part of a huge, well-trained force. He'll return. He has to. He'll be back.” she said, trying to help calm her own inner discontent. As she loses Michael in the sea of green uniforms, she stops waving. The formations sounded off cadences and roared after a blow horn spouted commands. All of a sudden the formations broke away and Michael appeared running towards Anuhea'. He remembered where they was standing and found them. 
"They only issued us 15minutes to say goodbye. I'm not sure if that's possible." Michael says with tears fighting to stay in his eyes.
 The unit commanders figure these families have been giving their loving goodbyes for the past three weeks, but this is only half true. A majority of the young families (here) have been in a comfortable state of denial. Most broke through their denial just a few hours ago. They didn't see how spending their last days together -- thinking of this moment would help. For too many, this was the only real goodbye they'd share. Anuhea' is amongst theme final goodbye amounted to 15 earth-shattering minutes. She held both sides of his face and allowed her forehead to touch his. Their lips are close enough to kiss.
"When you come back, the remote will be on the couch.” she says with torture in her throat.
"Leave the key under the door mat.” he told her with tears falling from his eyes.
"You are my life Nunu'."
Anuhea' giggles through her discontentment as she corrects him lovingly.
"You mean your WIFE!"
A meaningful kiss on the lips follows as though they expected it (and it alone) to be their personal bridge over distance and necessary fuel for their separating lips. It needed to be a kiss that would help both of them endure this time apart. 
"I love'-luv' you." Michael says playfully with the deepest sincerity.
"I love'... "
As Anuhea' tries to answer back, she could no longer hold back her cry. She let it happen. After which she eventually managed to gather some composure.
"I love'-luv' you more."
Just as they kiss, a soft voice interrupted the moment.
"Daddy?..." It's Michelle.
Michael looks downward into the stroller that's somewhat struggling to contain Michelle who still enjoys its convenience. So full of life. The green colored see-through plastic sun visor fitted for Michelle's head is casting its green shade onto her face. 
"Yes, baby!..."
"We will be together again soon Daddy." Michelle spoke aloud.
It isn't a question she's asking. It's clearly a declaration she was making. Anuhea' notices Michael is stunned with speechless appreciation when she came to daddy's rescue.
"Yes, we will Michelle... Yes, we will."
Michael kisses Michelle on her cheek before he issues her a task.
"I love you babe'... Keep momma company for me ok?"
Michelle gave her daddy/best friend the smile he needed. A smile she must've known was all the response he required. The smile he'd draw strength from when thoughts of home made him spiritually weak. A loud blow horn sounded loud. The green uniforms started separating from the [more] lively colors of clothing the family and friends are wearing. They're waving goodbye. Michael gave young Michelle a quick kiss before offering one more to Anuhea'. He jogged to join a line -forming- behind a huge forest-green colored cargo plane. Anuhea' could see him turn around towards her at the entrance. Their eyes met and after a wave from Michael, he entered the plane. It seemed like moments before the planes were taxiing (one by one) towards the take off juncture. Anuhea' had trained her eyes on Michaels plane and watched it taxi to the spot the other planes had stopped before taking off. As his plane sped up for flight speed, she starts waving. Michaels plane joined the trail of others. It was time Anuhea' headed for the shuttle that was waiting to take her (and other's) back to the housing area. Anuhea' thought she would dread returning to their housing unit alone; but it was this moment she realized she couldn't think of a better place to be. The remnants of Michael would counsel her. The familiarity would calm her. She needed something of his that smelled of his cologne. She needed to be home.

A DEPARTED HERO
Young Michelle is 4 years old. The two ladies are holding down the fort. They're successfully coping to deal with Michael being gone. Anuhea' did not attend the support group meetings for soldiers who on deployment. Anuhea' often called the barracks to ask about where her husband was, and how he was doing. The details she's asking to know seemed beyond her "need to know". Her query's were unsuccessful. Either that or everyone was actually telling the truth about not knowing anything. Eventually she opted not frequent the unit where she could be so close to uniformed officers and not get any uniformed answers. 

It's been 6 months since she last watched Michael leave on that plane. Anuhea' sensed something was wrong because she hadn't heard from Michael since last month. He worries started turning into concern, but she had to believe this was all protocol. Anuhea's in the main living room of the housing and has the front yard in view when she notices the sharp creases on two CLASS-A United States Army uniforms approaching the front door. A twist in her gut. A dread in her spirit. Deep in her denial, she knew what had happened. She didn't need the officers to tell her. They're being observed standing on the other side of the door -- perhaps preparing themselves. The moment of pause feels like dying to Anuhea' before they finally knocked. She knows they're on the other side, but somehow the knock manages to startle Anuhea' while her heart began to cry. She opened the door and the tallest well-groomed soldier spoke first.
"Anuhea' Laster?" The officer asks.
She nods "yes" without eye contact or a word. They presented her an American flag folded triangularly and made the announcement that caused her the deepest grief she's ever felt. Her husband -- father of her daughter -- Corporal Michael Allen Laster of Honolulu was killed in combat action in service to America. He continues.
"Our deepest condolences. This country is forever indebted to....",
Anuhea' has stopped listening. It's too much for Nunu' to bare as she's caught half way to the carpet. She had passed out. When she woke up, she wouldn't speak. Her heart is in no shape to be consoled. Anuhea' fell into a deep depression and things just seemed to go downhill from there. The widowed young lover slowed being concerned about eating. Her gaze grew constantly lost in the cosmos as she started living unassociated with this reality. This was not good. Definitely not healthy for Michelle. 
Immediately after the announcement and days leading up to the funeral, more sharply dressed officers visited Anuhea's door. She'd never be the one to answer. It was Michelle that silently stood at the screen door. After the remains of Michaels arrived and the funeral at the chapel was recorded for merit and remembrance, the armed services are forced to send a grieving Anuhea' homeward bound to Honolulu. When she arrived, she's greeted by sympathetic family members of both her and his. Anuhea' did her best to hide the slope of depression that she's falling deeper into. To soothe her pain, Anuhea' purchased a video recorder. Her plan was to document Michelle. Over the next year Anuhea' recorded various recordings of Michelle speaking things that should've been absolutely out of her realm of awareness. Michael was gone and Michelle didn't grieve as Anuhea' thought she would. The taping of Michelle's rare talking occurrences continue to be filmed and filed away. Anuhea' though taping would be a way to help mend her broken heart. She's in the mix of a downward spiral and everyone who loves her could feel it. She lay still at night many times wanting to join Michael.
"Why? What purpose could need my suffering? We all die. Couldn't I? Maybe then... But maybe not."
Michelle (on the other hand) absolutely accepted that Michael was away. This made Anuhea' feel like she's grieving alone. Well,... In many ways, she is suffering alone. This is her third time trying to get emotions from Michelle concerning Michael not coming home. Anuhea' was in need of someone to cry with. Someone to miss Michael as much as she's missing him.
"Michelle, sweetie!" 
[Anuhea' is speaking from a deep hurt]
"You smile enough for the both of us. You laugh as if you might not understand what happened to daddy. Do you think about daddy as much as I do? It's o.k. to cry and miss daddy if you want to babe'."
Michelle spoke in a whisper.
"A wise man accepts (both) the good and the bad. He appreciates the former by a nod of his head and dissipates the latter from his throat -- just as Goddess Shiva."
Anuhea' could not believe what she just heard. It hardly made any sense to the grieving widow, but it didn't have to. It was Michelle's way of saying "Allow this". That much, Anuhea' understood. Michelle isn't intentionally being insensitive. But Anuhea' stopped expecting Michelle to grieve with her and often cried to herself when Michelle was away.

A year has gone by and things haven't gotten any better for the hurting widow. Time is failing to heal her heart. Anuhea' fell deeper into depression and further away from a (already) difficult recovery. Anuhea' started experiencing with alcohol and illegal drug abuse. It seems like almost monthly, she was in the county jail being charged for BEING UNDER THE INFLUENCE OF A CONTROLLED SUBSTANCE. Anuhea' was in need of much more than a 24hr detox provided by the county. She needed time to get her head back in the game of life.
Michaels younger brother boarded a commercial flight to visit Anuhea' on a very personal mission. While she's still being evaluated for mental illness, the extended family arrived at the facility. Little Michelle greets the Laster's with a beautiful smile and tight hugs. All who have heard Anuhea' brag about Michelle knew (and expected) this behavior from this wee'one. She never met a stranger. Sure... she'd refrain from going outdoors; it's when she did go, anyone who'd stop to greet her would be hugged as if she's been missing them for months. Kevin promised his step-sister this arrangement was temporary and how he planned on taking young Michelle to San Diego, CA. She'd live with him and his Laster family. A broken hearted Anuhea' didn't have the strength nor the faculties to debate the issue. She's beside herself and nearly lost all her motivation to fight for anything. By this time she had no say-so in the matter. Everyone in the family knew this was going to be a long, rough road for the anguished widow. She's clearly in no condition to fight the courts for custody. Anuhea' has lost a large amount of weight she didn't have to give. She's sickly looking as she struggles to speak in a teary whisper.
"Until I am free to smile as she does... 
[She shakes her head no]
"Until my suffering goes away,... Until my soul finds a way to replenish itself,... I can't do this. I can't let her continue to see me this way."
As Anuhea' released herself to cry openly, she asks her last question.
"Why does it hurt so much?"
Kevin interrupted her much needed out-pouring.
"It will get better sis'. You will survive this­ -- and when you're ready, Michelle will be waiting."
Kevin is also still grieving for his older brother. Even in the midst of his mourning heart, this healthy family was eager to car for Michelle until Anuhea' was able. Although Michelle is old enough to understand what had happened, she either had a strong will about the matter, was emotionally untouched by the situation -- unwilling to show her discontentment for the loss of her father. In either of these, she's now a stranger to her own mother. She'd been a smiley little girl through this whole ordeal. It was as if she had been expecting this whole thing to play out exactly as it was unfolding. It didn't matter anymore. She'd soon be off to smile and experience California.





Chapter 6   SUNNY SAN DIEGO
One year after the unfortunate death of Michael and a very strong-hearted  5year old Michelle joins Michaels younger brother (Kevin), his wife Patricia and their baby boy on the plane headed to San Diego California. Kevin (Michaels younger brother) married a well-off state politician named Patricia. She condemned any thought of having anything to do with the military long before she met Kevin. They owned a modest home in the hills of El Cajon. They had a son 2yrs younger than Michelle named Junior (who was diagnosed with autism). Junior had trouble picking up on subtle nonverbal cues and the use of body language. This made the "give and take" of social interaction very difficult for him. He usually avoided eye contact and uses facial expressions that don't match what he was trying to say. As far as dealing with "special needs" children, this little bundle of joy was no special needs child at all. Years earlier, Michael had called his brother explaining how Anuhea' described hearing Michelle talk with a mature diction. He added how medical doctors also gave their opinions about Michelle being a selective mute. Both, Kevin and Patricia were previously made aware that Michelle had (but rarely) spoke in full sentences before. So this Laster family deduced that Michelle was (in fact) more than typically normal. Besides, she's Michaels daughter. A blood-related Laster and couldn't be any more welcomed under their roof. 
Soon after Michelle settles in her own bedroom, the decision was made to purchase a guinea pig for the girl. A cute handful of fur that Michelle adored more than peeling citrus fruits. She'd often be seen handling this varmint like it was her best option for a friend. Patricia is laying in bed speaking about Michelle confidently.
"I remember Anuhea' speaking to me on the phone about Michelle being in a class of her own, but I really had no idea. This little girl really is a radiating. I feel it. I'm still not used to how she looks at me. Kind of like she's looking through me. Maybe like she's trying to tell me something, but through her eyes. I can't describe it. It's amusing to watch her concentrate. Uh! And she's so darn adorable."
"I understand whatcha' mean honey. Trust me, I do. She is a cutie.  How long has she been with us now?... Two, maybe three weeks? I really like how she loves to be hugged -- just like Michael said she does. It makes me feel like she knows me well. Almost too well. Now that I think of it; I feel like I've known her for many years. Isn't that crazy?"
What this Laster residence was finding out is that Michelle's kisses are intentionally constant and without prejudice. A very affectionate spirit Michelle is. Soft in every way a human could be soft. Her big caramel colored eyes are wide open until she smiles. Her smile is so big and genuine that it causes her big eyes to almost shut. Michelle is an absolute joy to be around. A loving energy that's addictive.
"If only every child could be like this one." [They laughed]
Both Kevin and Patricia are celebrated as descent cook's in each of their families. Meal prep duties are typically rotated between themselves or who had a new recipe to try. Dinner was prepared as she always. On the menu: parmesan encrusted chicken breast, mashed potatoes and coleslaw. Simple but effective. At the dinner table Michelle would just sit and smile at the family while they ate. The night would usually end with the child (contently) grabbing some produce from the crisper. Patricia was concerned about Michelle's sleeping and eating habits. The problem was that these are becoming rarely witnessed.  When offered something, the quiet one would shake her head "no". It was a peaceful "no". The kind that didn't warrant any rhyme, reason nor explanation.
"Babe' have you noticed that Michelle hasn't been sleeping much lately?.... Because I have. It's been 72 hours since her last nap. It's starting to concern me that she never eats her food. I wonder if there's something wrong with my cooking! She won't even eat the snacks that kids are supposed to love."
Kevin offers his observations.
"Well sweetie she seems very happy. She's not showing any symptoms of malnutrition. She obviously has enough energy for all the dancing she does around the house. Plus; she eats plenty of fruits during the day. Honestly, I'm more concerned about why she doesn't talk more so than why she doesn't eat. Give her some time. Maybe this is her way of coping with change!... Or maybe she's just a very picky eater! Until we figure her out try not to take anything personal. O.k.?"
This made Patricia feel better.
"Yeah. You're absolutely right."

Michelle is now 7 years old. These last couple of years have been filled with bonding, making memories and establishing a routine. She's a bit older, but still an overly observational kid. The last time Michelle spoke a full sentence was to her [late] father years ago back before he boarded that C-130 army airplane. These days if Michelle spoke at all it was one of 2 words; YES or NO. Even these were rare occurrences that happened months apart. Normally and more frequently she just shook her head to answer. Michelle is a "straight-to-the-point" personality. Her yes's and no's are only derived from her truth -- never discontentment or attitude.
"Michelle?... Would you like a banana with your breakfast?"
Shaking her head yes or no was the expectancy. Even at school Michelle still refuses to participate in writing tasks. Michelle's grade school teacher documented her behaviors.
"She has problems accepting the lesson's. I know she understands what I'm teaching her. She simply refuses to be a part of the classroom instruction. It's as though she has her own curriculum. She smiles and nod's to socialize with the other kid's. It's received well enough to have friends, but she is definitely opposed to being taught. Not militantly opposed, just opposed. I don't know how to grade noncompliance."

After a series of sociological and psychological evaluations, the medical community has arrived at their collective conclusions.
"Michelle is extremely bright, loving and compassionate. She is intelligent and carries (with her) a love that settles all unsettled. This young lady has defiantly chosen silence. She is choosing not to partake in the grade school curriculum. The only thing odd about Michelle Laster is how anyone so young can demonstrate their freedom of choice so stubbornly. So lovingly."
Michelle has started attending grade school. For the most part she blended in well enough. There are many children on campus. Most of which are in their own cliques of friends and tending to their kid business. It's hardly feasible that Michelle would fit in normal social circles because she isn't sociable. At least not in the way little girls are generally sociable at her age.
"Hello Mrs. Laster. This is the student counselor."
"Afternoon, Sir. How's my beloved doing?... Or is she in need of my assistance?"
Patricia only ever referred to Michelle as "her beloved". It felt much better to her spirit than "niece" or "adopted daughter".
"Ma'am, I'm calling you to report that Michelle has not been seen today. Is this a cause for concern or is all well?"
	Patricia spoke.
"Oh dear. She must've wondered off again. Lately she's been in her own world going places on her own. When she returns, we're so glad to see her o.k. that we don't ever think to discipline her."
On many occasions young Michelle is reported missing from campus. Sometimes she reappeared in time to catch the bus home. Other times she stayed away over nights. One thing is for certain. She always returned more vibrant and jovial than when she left.
"What are we going to do?" Kevin asks; She's never spoken, cried or showed any inclination that she'd be affected by threats or discipline. It's definitely odd that a child could be so satisfied with everything."
"What can we do? There's something about Michelle." Says Patricia.
"I can't explain it, but I know you feel it too. Don't you?"
"Of course I do." Kevin replied.
"I've felt it for some time now. There's absolutely something about her. When I deal with her, it feels like I'm dealing with someone much older than I am. It's like she's experiencing everything for the second time -- like she's been here and experienced this all before."
"Maybe we should try to ask her again about where she goes! She might write this time!"
Patricia was semi confidant that she would.
"Then it's settled.” he says comically.
"We'll sit her down together tonight."
There is a genuine curiosity about where their beloved was going or who else she might've been spending time with. The evening progressed and opportunity to sit with Michelle has come. Both; Kevin and his wife join the girl at the dinner table where she's enjoying one of her favorite pastimes of peeling grapefruits. There was one already immaculately peeled resting off to the side; another that hadn't yet been compromised and the one in her small crafty hands.
"Are you going to eat these fruits alone?" Kevin asked the quiet child as he and Patricia take their seats. 
Michelle looks up and smiles at them gorgeously. Her hands break their concentration to pick up the completely peeled fruit. It's softly separated it into two halves and offered (one half) each to Kevin and Patricia. Michelle's love for giving has always been one of her most recognizable characteristics of selflessness. Her most fluent language of love. When someone accepted something from Michelle (even strangers), it never failed to generate her liveliest smiles. Kevin and Patricia knew It would've been [more] a disservice to Michelle than themselves not to accept the fruit. This would've been [instead] unintentionally rejecting Michelle's desire to express her love for them. Universally; it is disagreeable to reject something being offered lovingly. The Laster's accepted the fruit offering joyfully because they understood that by doing so, they're actually giving something to Michelle. Allowing themselves to be loved by Michelle was intentionally expressing their love of Michelle. Patricia eats a slice of grapefruit as she begins addressing Michelle.
"Babe', we know you aren't going to school. We know there's something about class that you don't agree with. We also know that disciplinary actions aren't going to be helpful. We love you and we're concerned about where you are spending your class time!"
[Kevin intervenes.]
"Michelle, we know you understand us, our intentions here and everything going on around you. We honestly believe you're more aware of your surroundings than anybody we've ever met. Today we're going to ask you to do something for us."
At this moment Kevin retrieves some paper and a box of colored pencils. They want to know if Michelle would scribble her thoughts down on paper.
"We need to know where you go when you're not at school where you are supposed to be?" Kevin asked firmly. 7yr old Michelle knows there was no way she could signal her answer for missing from class. The wide-eyed gave them one more glance, grabbed the emerald colored pencil and begin to write.
"It's just as difficult to write in this tongue as it is to think in it. I will attempt to explain what my mind is trying to convey. If what I write becomes unclear to you this day, instead love the truth that someday it will be clear to you."
The two read this together while Michelle analyzed their reactions. Patricia immediately covered her opened mouth. She's on the verge of passing out. Michelle's hand script was so precise. So elegant. Her verbiage was far beyond a child's and the vernacular was better than anyone's she'd ever read. Kevin grabbed Patricia's hand (perhaps to calm her). They now knew this child could write. And do it as immaculate as she peeled her grapefruit. Michelle grabs a fresh piece of paper.
[She continues.]
"Sometimes I go into the highest mountains where I have friends. Other times I go places I once lived. Most times I go where there's no place at all. The realm that has no time. There is where all things that create places came from. I may be a day away or I may be a few. Don't fret. Much like here, anywhere I go cannot harm me. Even as I return, I'm escorted back here." 
	Michelle slides the paper to Kevin and Patricia who are waiting anxiously to read what she has written. Patricia asks her a question.
"Who taught you how to write? How do you know all this?"
Michelle took the last piece of paper and wrote these words.
"We can know all that is knowable when we select to know it."
She then gives both Patricia and Kevin tight hugs before she politely excuses herself to her room. Michelle knew she'd just written something they would be thinking about until the next time she chose to write something down. All-in-all, these loving adopted parents are perplexed, but had to accept what they could not understand. They witness their beloved returning home happier and more content than when she left for school. They're right to worry about Michelle, but this child has proven to be much older than she is. All they really needed to understand was that Michelle is safe where she goes. 

MICHELLE's DECOR
	Michelle is eight years "young" and starting to spend a lot more time privately in her room. Kevin already made a promise to be consciously mindful of respecting the young ladies space. As he approached the door to Michelle's room, he notices the door has been replaced. The door is nothing like any door he'd ever seen. It's beautiful. It's fully customized with pink plush soft panels that cover the main surface. The trim of the door is made out of some kind of wood that's been polished. Even the handle is styled. The two hallway lights that brought light to her door are the only things appearing as they had been. Kevin knocks on the gorgeous wood panels that outlined her custom pink door [Knock, knock. Knock]. There's no answer. He knocked again and still,... Nothing. He knows she's in there because she's nowhere else in the house. A slight twist to the thin handle revealed it to be unlocked. The pink door is quietly opened and he peaks to see nothing recognizable. There's green plants in every direction. The door is swung completely open and Michelle is observed in the very center of these unfamiliar furnishings and sitting motionless. Instantly, Kevins' body is hit with an electrifying shiver that's felt scanning his body. Scanning his mind. Scanning his intentions. Perhaps Michelle's is being protected by a ghostly presence. She's sitting on a beautifully woodened floor. The original carpet has been removed. This is obviously not the original flooring that was hidden underneath the carpet. This wood is the same type of wood that outlines the door. The only difference is that this wood isn't highly polished. Still, it's gorgeous.
"Michelle, are you.... [he paused] ....Meditating?"
She didn't answer. It's like, although she's in the room, she was somewhere far away from this world. Her breathing was controlled. Kevin's attention is immediately directed to the spectacle of natural furnishings in the room.
"And where did all this come from?" he asked Michelle.
Of course she didn't answer. He knew she wouldn't. She only sat there quietly (with her eyes closed) radiating with an erie sense of absentness. Kevin calls for Patricia (who's downstairs preparing a meal).
"Honey!... You're gonna' want to see this!"
He desperately wants Patricia to witness this little girl's tenacity to meditate. To see this room. Maybe Patricia will vouch for what elegant furnishings Michelle had in her room. This answers so much as to what she's been doing in her room for so many hours. When Patricia arrived, Michelle collects herself and stood to stand where she was sitting -- with a big smile on her face. She signals with her hands to invite them in. Here her large bedroom is filled with the living outdoors. A realistic rock feature that occupied a corner of the room hosted a 100 gallon water fountain complete with a hidden pump system. It was noticed through the sea of green because it filled the space with the sound of flowing waters. It scaled up and touched the indoor roof and was spectacularly decorated with live plants. Fiddle leaf trees and fichus trees are gorgeously situated. The furniture is heavily sculpted out of pink quartz. Hanging ferns hid the corners of the room and there's beautiful natural decor everywhere. The headboard of the bed was massive. It's impressively made out of solid rose quartz. It [itself] had laser precision carvings of hieroglyphs that must've been ancestral compared to those made popular by ancient Egypt. These characters are unlike anything any history channel has ever broadcasted. Rose quartz, emerald gemstone, Egyptian onyx and alabaster are the obvious choice here. There was no longer a box spring nor railing system for the bed. The mattress sits perched on a huge natural slab of Egyptian onyx. The shocker came when Patricia gasped. "Look honey." she says as she points. She noticed the beautiful dresser unit that appeared to be just like the original one Patricia picked for this space. She noticed the dresser (now) is made entirely of solid rose quartz. Shapes and symbols are professionally gauged out of every inch of it. The whole bedroom set was trimmed in alabaster, accented with gold and boasted these geometrical symbols.
"Where'd she get that chandelier babe'?" Patricia asks Kevin
It's gold and had dozens of emerald gemstones and white crystals dangling from it. Now Kevin is totally confused.
"If you didn't afford this and I didn't afford this,... Where's the money coming from?"
Michelle's smile is so pretty, it seemed at home in front of this gorgeous backdrop. She's always been particular about what went into her room. Her space had been spaciously empty for a time. That's how she wanted it. Now, this space is so alive that it's her guardians that seem to be oddly out of place. Perhaps Michelle's bedroom isn't paid for. Perhaps it was imagined. Conjured?.... No. That's no in no way possible. It's obviously created to be a slice of nature. Her personal peace of mind. A break from the world. An escape. A need. A want. A place dreamed of -- the epitome of unlimited choice. This room is where anyone would fall asleep and wake up revitalized. Where a young miracle could wake up feeling beautiful and connected. 
Kevin and Patricia had no way of knowing how this was all working. They only immediately recognized two things. Firsly, how stepping into Michelle's space is making them feel and how they were not going to make any attempts to dismantle this space. Technically it can't be dismantled. There's no way these furnishings would've fit through Michelle's doors. These furnishings would've needed to be disassembled. However, you can't disassemble a rock as big as a couch that weighs as much as a car. Even breaking these things into halves would've required a tool meant for quarrying mountains. As they continue to walking around the space studying the systematic geometry that the rock surfaces created, Kevin and his wife are like two children admiring a toy museum. Every detail they noticed sent chills of thrills through their spinal columns. They're experiencing something they knew they would never get to the bottom of. A miracle. Has Michelle's vibrancy brought this into existence? Kevin was in disbelief and shock when he said only one thing on his way out of Michelle's room.
"That stuff's gotta' be as heavy as a hill. I didn't move it in there and I'm sure-as-hell not moving out of there." [He laughs]
He's being sarcastic and gives Patricia an avenue to laugh through her own confusion. As soon as he turns toward his wife, he discovers her overcome with the realization that their home is hosting something/someone who could do this. Patricia passes out and falls into Kevin's arms. Michelle smiles.
Over the next several days Patricia had Michelle's permission to invite all of her friends and co-workers into the home to see the decor. Most the visitor's didn't want to leave. They sat on the mattress filled with buckwheat hulls and touched the surfaces. For some deeply spiritual reason, Michelle's space didn't invoke chatter. It required you to listen. To open yourself. It [itself] had a distinctive wonder. A deep awareness.

Weeks have gone by. Patricia is so content to have another girl in the house that she's finding herself talking to Michelle as if she were an adult. Kevin stumbled across one of these instances and made his case;
"Honey, she's 8... Not 18." 
Patricia laughes out loud calmly defended herself.
"She understands every word I'm saying. She even gives good advice."
Kevin knew she was telling the truth because (unannounced to Patricia) he'd caught himself using Michelle for listening ears several times before. He remembers how easy it was to forget she was only eight. Michelle had a great skill of being an attentive listener. Perhaps it was the way her eyes paid close attention to your every facial expression! Or perhaps it was that she was actually listening and somehow relating! She made people feel like that was their biggest sympathizer. It was easy to be "human" and make mistakes around Michelle. She never passed judgments about anyone (through her eyes). Come to think of it, she never thought too hard about anything. Even at the age of 8yrs young, she's a practitioner of non convoluted presence. Awareness. Her gaze had a soul cleansing quality. Her smile brought comfort to troubled minds. Patricia lay next to her husband at bedtime and confined in him.
"This little girl is dynamic indeed. She's a special one. A joy in our household. "
"Absolutely."
Than Kevin kisses his wife good night.

Chapter 7   TALK TO US
Festivities have subsided now that it's the day after Michelle's 9th birthday. She's been growing increasingly disturbed and it was sensed through her lack of vibrancy. Patricia makes a proclamation to Kevin.
"She's 9yrs old now. I think it's time I start working with her to communicate more."
Kevin agreed. Patricia is already convinced that Michelle is highly intelligent. In the days following, she opted to try a straight forward approach. She sits Michelle down alone in the room and starts the interrogation. Michelle looks at Patricia with an expression as if she's been expecting this moment to happen. Patricia knew what this expression was conveying.
[She continues.]
"Here's a box of colored pencils and a piece of paper. When you were seven years old, you wrote about visiting where the rest of you was and places where places came from."
The wide-eyed Michelle stares at Patricia for a sense of her intentions. Michelle might still be young, but she's oddly familiar with deceiving intentions and never entertains manipulators. She quickly concluded (in her mind) that Patricia was operating from a place of love. Michelle then grabbed the green colored pencil with a big, beautiful smile on her face and poised for Patricia's next question. Patricia smiles back in appreciation. It's at this moment she realized she hadn't had a specific question ready for young Michelle. They're both sitting silent while Patricia pondered what next...! 
"Ah!!! I have it.” she says out loud. 
Patricia is very unselfish and wants this breakthrough to mean something special to the both of them... Something they could both appreciate".
"Can you write the name of your most beloved down for me?
Michelle looks down at the paper and started to write.
"My beloved Anuhea."
She lifted her head and gave Patricia a huge smile of appreciation. Patricia was not offended at all. It was the only answer she was prepared to accept. "Has Anuhea' ever asked you to write anything down before?"
Michelle shook her head "no". Obviously her more familiar form of interaction.
"Why do you choose not to speak?"
Michelle hesitated a bit. She looks concerned.
[he starts writing.]
"It's just as difficult to write in this tongue as it is to think in it. Willfully not speaking is my discipline for great works in the future."
She (again) alluded to the necessity of a different tongue -- a more evolved language with more words. Patricia gathered herself.
"Discipline for what?"
Patricia was beginning to get frustrated trying to understand. Michelle felt Patricia's anxiety growing when Michelle released the colored pencil and stood up as if no conversation was taking place. She walked to the granite bar top, climbed the stool and collected fruit from the fruit basket to take to her room. This was still standard for Michelle. Apples, grapefruits or a single pear. She'd also take vegetables from the refrigerator when ever she pleased. No one ever told her she couldn't because she's always shown to be modest when ever she collected resources or food for herself. Patricia picked up the paper with the green writings on it and folded it away for further analysis later. Perhaps more so to show Kevin proof of this rare happening. Patricia goes into the next weeks (repeatedly)asking Michelle the same question.
"Michelle, do you feel like writing today?"
Michelle would shake her head "no" and disperse before any attempt to persuade her would prove unhelpful. Weeks turned into months and eventually Patricia stopped asking all together.
Patricia wants to know how Michelle is feeling about the lost of her father.
"Kevin, I'd like to ask Michelle what she feels about her daddy's passing. Is that o.k. with you if I inquire?"
"Sure you can. Do you want me to be present?"
"Yeah, Sure. Why not? I think it's important that we show her that we loved her daddy as much as she did."
"OK. Well, let's do it babe'."
Michelle is still so young, but the Laster's chose to approach her as though she's a teenager already. Just as she comes in from the back patio -- playing with Junior, Patricia asked for her attention.
"Michelle!... Can we talk to you for a moment sweetie?"
Michelle is wearing her favorite backpack. It's a teddy bear complete with legs and arms flaring out from the main pocket. She has several for carrying her writing utensils and notepads. Most of the times it didn't have much in the backpack at all. She just loved to wear cute, cuddly backpacks.
"We were just sitting here thinking about Michael. Kevin is missing his brother -- your dad. When was the last time you thought about your dad? You must miss'em dearly."
Michelle reaches into her backpack and grabs her writing instruments. This was a time the youngster was in a transitioning phase from talking to writing out most her thoughts. Patricia and Kevin were unsettled about this, but they also know they had no choice but to accept it. There was nothing that could be done. Michelle started writing.
"In everything that is and all things that are not,
pre-physical we chose our chart,
non attachment the difficult plot.

Suffering visits us for beloveds dearly missed,
a full life is life's big illusion, 
time does not exist.

Loving is incorruptible, incapable of coercion,
it's flesh that brings us discontent,
dysfunctionally ill-proportioned.

We love and cherish thoughts of those who first departed,
they've no more flesh that suffers,
for they rest in us uncharted.

Meditate deep those new desires purposely self-revealed,
let not all your desires be things, 
that sit beside what's real.

As currently evolved; it's complicated for flesh to comprehend,
an aspect of us resonates with truth, 
meditate in this frequency appliclable to ascend.

Even I manifest to test the folds of choice that ponders gain,
my choice of chart is unbound love,
the absence of agonish pain.

This understandably brings tears to Kevin's eyes. He misses his brother and is reading something he (himself) needed to internalize. Perhaps emotional partially because he's witnessing a source of wisdom that he respects and could never explain. A miniature miracle in its own right. As Patricia put her arms around her husband, he wept openly. Michelle only had a look on her face that spoke to Patricia about "letting this happen". 
As Kevin dried his tears, he grounded himself and spoke.
"I don't know what this life has in store for you Michelle, but it better be something extremely special. You truly are a special one."

MY BROTHERS KEEPER
Combing through Michelle's long soft hair be- came a favorite pastime of Patricia's. It became obvious to Kevin what type of girlish bonding this mother had a deep desire for (now that she has a daughter of her own). Michelle appreciates the attention too. She often enjoyed it with her eyes closed as if she were in a guided meditation. This is what most reminded her of Anuhea'. Although the young wonder seemed incapable of meeting mishaps' with resistance, she smiled happier and even prettier when Anuhea's name is mentioned. 
"Michelle I have a gift for you." 
She retrieves a small box from the kitchen drawer.
Michelle's looking attentively over the couch as her eyes escort Patricia back to where she is sitting. As Michelle opens it, she see's it's a device. A handheld device.
"I got you a cell phone. You probably won't be using the voice feature too often, but you can text all you want. Do you like it?"
Michelle got up appropriately to give Patricia a kiss on the lips and a hug. She didn't know about phones. However, she knew Misty had one of these contraptions. This made her glad to know she had this in common with her best friend.  She started to read the manual about the cell phone. She played with it sending Patricia some texts in practice. It isn't long before she got the hang of it. Patricia continues combing through Michelle's hair. She was enjoying this "bonding time" when a frantic plea broke through the silence. It's Kevin yelling frantically.
"Oh my god!!! Call 911, something is wrong with Junior". 
Junior is lying face down outside in the backyard. He's breathing, but unable to move or get up. Patricia rushed the cordless phone outside where Kevin s standing over the 9yr old boy. Junior had a bad habit of climbing on top of the cement-grounded wooden swing set out back. It was a pricey private playground that was difficult to consider removing after the foundation dried. Through the panic [both] Patricia and Kevin knew this was really bad. They're already thinking that he'd fallen from the top of the swing set and landed awkwardly. 
"Don't move him. Just wait for the paramedics to arrive." 
Patricia pled in a frustrated nervousness while Michelle is not responding to this moment with anxiety of her own. This was typical of the 11yr old. She never allowed herself to panic nor allowed her peace to be interrupted. Instead, (at this time) she calmly goes to her bedroom and starts putting on her shoes. She knows this is cause for the family to be leaving the house soon. Michelle didn't need to be asked to get ready. She prepares for the ride to the hospital. When they all arrived at the facility, the paramedics had arrived before the family vehicle did.
Junior was placed in intensive care. Several hours go by and Michelle has slept for a few of those hours. Later the lead physician approached the waiting room and gave the weary Laster's a status report of their son. 
"Is he going to be alright?" Patricia asked. 
"You might want to take your seats." 
Two nurses accompanying him while he answered.
"The lab results are preliminary, but the x-ray revealed your son has suffered a severe spinal injury. He's not responding to neurological tests from the chest down. It's going to be a long recovery. I'm sorry, but it's a possibility your son may never walk on his own again."
Patricia buried her tears in the chest of Kevin. Meanwhile, Michelle has woken and is analyzing the grief of Patricia. It sent a familiar vibration through the room. The last time Michelle witnessed this kind of anguish was when Anuhea' got the news that Michael was never coming home.
"Can we see him now?" Kevin asked. 
"Of course you can, just give me a moment."
The doctor headed off to give them a few moments alone. Several minutes later two nurses escorted the three to the bedside of Junior. He's awake and aware. His diagnosis is confirmed on the simple premise that it'd been a long time since his parents observed him being this motionles. Junior lays in bed blinking. He smiles recognizing familiar faces. Michelle seems content seeing that her little brother Junior is showing no signs of discomfort. She starts doing what she does best. She began scanning the room -- profiling the pictures on the walls. Patricia's motherly instincts had no intention of leaving their son alone here tonight. Junior's room more than accommodated visitors with chairs and a  small couch that seated two. Kevin needed an excuse he could use to be excused. He was more distraught than any other and didn't want the girls to witness or sense his pain 'body. He returned home to spend the night there.
Kevin's plan was to "cry this out" alone and return the next morning with the strength this situation required of him. He was counting on Michelle being all the hugs his wife needed to get through this first night. 
It's a quiet morning in the hospital. Patricia is awakening on the couch next to Junior's empty hospital bed. She barely slept any and still had dried trails of tears on both her cheeks. Patricia stands to her feet for a stretch when she sees Michelle and Junior standing together staring out the window. They had obviously been awake for some time now. Junior turns his head towards a yawning Patricia and speaks;
"Good morning mom. Did you sleep o.k.?"
Patricia was still waking up when she replied back. 
"Morning you two. I barely got any...." 
Patricia stops mid sentence and realizes she's answering to her son who has never said good morning to her and standing at the window? She looks to confirm the empty hospital bed where Junior should've been resting. 
"Oh my god!"
She placed a hand on her chest to help control her breathing, but it's to no avail. Patricia passes out and her body returned to the couch with a soft thump. When she awakens for the second time (this morning) there's a sleuth of medical staff tending to her and Junior who is now sitting on his bed. Doctor's are asking him questions and running diagnostic tests.
"What? How?, This isn't real!" 
The nurses are whispering among themselves. Patricia hysterically joins the questioning. Michelle grabs her hand. This grab seemed to communicate subconsciously.
"Everything is going to be ok. Enjoy this."
As a shocked mother struggled to control her breathing -- she's hearing Junior talk to the medical staff in focused sentences. 
"I remember going to sleep with Michelle holding my hand and when I woke up, I couldn't feel any reason to continue laying down. I felt more alive than I've ever felt." 
The irony of the verbiage he used "I could'nt feel" caused the nursing staff laugh to out loud. His bones had miraculously recovered overnight. He's no longer in any threat of being paraplegic. Autism is also (evidently) a thing of the pass. His mannerisms are sharp and intentional. Exceptional even. Patricia is obviously overwhelmed because she only read of miracles. She'd never even seen anything suspicious of magic tricks. Her world has been surrounded by facts. Until now she had no reason to believe anything supernatural or paranormal truly ever happened. Junior starts laughing about something a nurse said as the doctor's stand in place and perplexed. He's answering back with friendly sarcasm. The only one in the room who wasn't baffled was Michelle. So happens Kevin steps into the room and sees Junior sitting up. The room went silent. Everyone is standing still anticipating Kevin's reaction. Surprisingly, it's Junior that looks towards Kevin and broke the silence. 
"Did you bring us breakfast dad?"
Kevin manages to answer -- even after he breaking down crying and sobbing.
"I'll take your order..."  
He was trying to be the strong man he'd spent the night [alone] promising himself he would be. This happenstance doesn't require an emotionally strong man, it's asking for a very appreciative father. It proves pointless to fight this amount of joy. This kind of deep relief. Kevin cry's openly. He's embraced by Patricia. Even Junior himself stood, took a couple steps and joined in this moment of appreciation. The staff stands applauding (some of which also had tears falling from their eyes). Michelle sat watching with her familiar look of controlled contentment. She's indulging in the energy of joy that's filling the room densely. The Laster family is released from the hospital and started for home. A home that awaited a very different Junior. A speaking junior that's now humming and singing to fill any small gaps of silence. A content Junior. Upon arrival at the house, a very excited father could not sit still. He picked up the car keys and decided to take Junior on a  tour. Family and friends had to experience this. He wants everyone to see that this miracle had taken place. He was not going to be satisfied until everybody he knew (even co-workers) had a chance to witness -- with their own eyes -- what he couldn't explain. Patricia was tired and still a bit faint. She chose to stay home and had an agenda of her own. With "the boys" away this would be a great time to be alone with Michelle and ask her some questions [Patricia was thinking to herself]. The front door closes and shortly later she collected the box of colored pencils and lined paper before joining Michelle on the couch where she is meticulously peeling an orange she grabbed from the fruit basket. Michelle always peeled her oranges and grapefruit to perfecting standards. Peeling is an art to her and this is always being made interestingly obvious. Something worthy of her full attention. Anywhere the young girl peeled anything she was going to eat; this ritual took place. It had a way of canceling out the world around her.
Patricia isn't sure if Michelle would write because she'd only written that one time before. Patricia never forgot that exchange that left more questions than answers. Michelle has never told a lie so Patricia was poised to believe and accept anything Michelle alluded to (if she'd write at all).
"Michelle, something must've happened last night while I slept and I think you might have some answers. Did something awaken you? Anything strange? I need to know. Is this a temporary healing or a permanent miracle? PLEASE Michelle." 
Michelle looks downward to study the paper for a moment before she selects the emerald colored pencil and starts writing.
"It's just as difficult to write in this tongue as it is to think in it. I will attempt to explain what my mind is trying to convey. If what I write becomes unclear to you this day, instead love the truth that someday it will be clear to you."
Patricia is looking at Michelle in awe. She's already astounded that she's elected to write and be understood. Her written characters are familiar, but at the same time so unfamiliarly perfect. Her dictation is from a different decade. Her words -- so precise.
[Michelle continues.]
"While you were asleep last night, I was not. Your pain 'body was heavy. My selfless intention was to heal Junior's broken manifested self. Ancestors assisted my *Will to frequencies upwards to masses of illuminated emeralds. The *All (pure *Was, *Is and *Will) is a source that even manifested things can resource. It bestowed my intentions to animate into *Is'ness and so it became. The condition labeled autism was disagreeable to Junior's unanimated selves. All manifested disagreeable to the original chart becomes unanimated in the presence of pure *All that can only be agreeable. What started as my loving intent to correct only his broken bones; also had to purge all that was disagreeable from his manifestation. I was only the agreeable intent that hosted the frequency that allowed the unanimated *Is to manifest as a healed Junior."
	Michelle looks at Patricia with an unfamiliar hint of discontentment. It isn't predicated on her adopted mother not understanding what she had written; it was because she felt as if she failed to explain it how she herself understood it.
Patricia looks the child in the eyes and tells Michelle these words.
"I may never understand what took place in the hospital last night Michelle, but I thank you. Thank you for your part in whatever healed our son. Thank you."
The sincerity in her appreciation made Michelle smile away her own discontent. Their smiles are serving as a silent agreement that they were allowed to appreciate this without needing to dig any deeper for any clearer understanding or explanation. Pure gratitude never needs to parallel understanding. It's a vibration that encompasses everything understood. 
	
It's been years since Anuhea' was seen or heard of. Last her aunt knew, she was in and out of rehab's  due to her apparent drug usage. Has the trauma of a lost love caused the lost of Anuhea's respectable faculties? Has she given up? One thing's for sure,... her love-child is special indeed. The Laster family is concerned for Anuhea' but they must be as strong and adamant about the future. Michelle is now a young lady and content with her environment. That's all that matters for now. This Laster resident is already home for Michelle, even away from home.
Chapter 8   MEET MISTY
Spending many hours in a bedroom with the door closed is no way a young girl is supposed to experience her twelfth year. Michelle rarely goes outside. Perhaps she'd find girls her age to play if she did! Patricia has an idea.
"There's a way  we can expose Michelle to other girls that love dancing. There's plenty of kids her age that love dancing as much as she does. We can enroll her into the San Diego Dance Academy."
"That's a perfect idea babe'. This is why I love you dearly."
The fee was easily afforded and Michelle was scheduled to start next week. Michelle was not known for getting overly excited about anything. She's aware of her feelings towards things and accepts them without anxiousness. It's a beautiful aspect about Michelle. A spiritual aspect of acceptance that's [often] misconstrued as lack of enthusiasm. Never-the-less, this is a day she'd been looking forward to.
"Today is going to be so much fun." 
Patricia attempts to rally a new kind of excitement from Michelle during their drive to Chula Vista. The preteen always sported a bright and beautiful smile, so it's hard to distinguish whether or not she's extra happy to be on this new adventure. 
"We're here!!!" Patricia says.  
They pulled onto Kuhn driveway and entered the facility where the pre-requisite enrollment paperwork had already been filed. The Laster's had seen Michelle dance so when they described it to the coordinators over the phone. The academy's expertise suggested the hip-hop course. Somehow; ballet, jazz, tap nor belly dancing quite fit the enthusiasm. Upon arrival, Michelle was fitted with a dress code suitable for this course and escorted to the hip hop wing of the instructional facility. The academy hosted a perpetually evolving street inspired dance instructional. The facilitators in this course specialize introducing beginners and advanced enthusiast to different types of urban dance movements and styles. These styles were combined to enrich and penetrate the hip hop culture of dance. Michelle enjoyed seeing the kids and teens walking around the property. The hallways were also where different uniforms hinted at the different dancing disciplines. 
When Michelle reached to her dance designated hall; she noticed the different ages of girls and boys warming up in small groups. The smiley pre-teen spent most of this day watching the dancers. The instructors facilitated basic group steps to measure the individual talent and conditioning of each student. As for Michelle , well she would've been completely satisfied [just] studying the new faces and smiling at every impressive effort to dance. When the class ended; Patricia pulled up outside the facility where Michelle is enjoying the wait. It was treated as a meet-and-greet time. Before Patricia could finish saying sorry I'm a bit late babe..., Michelle interrupted with a loud screech of excitement. A screech that would've hurt any other throat it exited. A screech that definitely interrupted all nearby conversations going on in the parking lot. This was exactly the kind of smile Patricia had been looking for. The scale of enthusiasm. Michelle jumps into the SUV's passenger side with the biggest smile anyone would ever witness. It seems this beautiful, wide eye damsel just discovered a new heaven. Day one is a joyful success. It's day two at the academy. Kevin pulls up to the front drop off and Michelle signals to escort her adopted dad into the building. 
"OK-ok. You wanna' show me something! Alright Michelle but just for a moment."
No one could resist the vibration of love rolling off this pre-teen. Especially with the smile she hosted. Kevin is escorted straight into the dance hall where she last had the time of her life. She pointed at the wall hangings' as if she expected Kevin to catalog them into his memory bank. Oh; what a wondrous feeling this place was so obviously giving to Michelle. Another pre-teen (outfitted for the day) recognized Michelle and walked up to introduce herself. 
"Hi, I'm Misty".
This young pre-teen is average looking. Her hair is curly and dyed blonde. She stands just as confident as Michelle. Her eyes are hazel, honest and friendly. Although Misty's voice is clear, her words are petite and softly spoken. Obviously she's currently being exposed to some confidant personalities or parents somewhere at home. Her young face is rounded, but her frame is prominently fitted for athleticism. Misty face was one of dozens Michelle studied during the first dance practice. These two healthy preteens share a familiar affinity for dancing. Their skills are almost comparable even though Michelle's creativity far out-weighed any dancer in the building. The curly-haired blonde stretched her hand out to shake Michelle's when Michelle opted to give her a hug instead. It's a hug tight enough to bond them instantly with the title of "good friends". A quick kiss on Misty's cheek seemed to seal this deal. This friendship might be new, but it's already airtight -- as if they're kinfolk to each other. Kevin is standing, smiling at the hospitality he's witnessing. Even he knew he'd just seen the beginning of a long lasting friendship.
"Well ladies' I really need to get going!"
Now there's four beautiful eyes looking up towards Kevin instead of two. They smile at him. The girls grab each other's hand and turn around to walk further into the designated classroom space. During the previous rehearsal Michelle was shy and unwilling to showcase her dance moves. This was obviously not today's version of Michelle. Today (the music hinted in the background of the warm-up session), Michelle started to stretch and blend in with everyone else until her love for dancing took the helm. Although the beat is faintly audible, Michelle heard it just fine. She's decided to dance. This time is allocated for stretching, but it didn't matter. One by one each set of eyes begin noticing the quiet beauty speak with her movements. But where is such talent coming from? The instructors are analyzing Michelle's expert level of improvisations. Her foot work and leg strength are far  exceeding any professional dance instructor. Her moves are freestyle rooted, but there's something else going on. Before the 7 minute instrumental track ended, every eye had witnessed a very distinctive "in your face" facet to freestyle dancing. 
"Oh my gosh", Harked the senior dance coordinator.
The junior coordinator was first to answer back. 
"Whoa!"
Michelle's cheeks blush as she stops dancing. She realizes she had stolen the show and had everyone's attention. She's never been the type to demand the center of attention. In fact, her personality is quite the opposite. She tried to cover her blushing face when the room filled with applause. This awesome dancer is impartial to the praise. About a dozen kids scury to the dancing diva for high-fives and smiling hugs.
"Whose daughter is she?" the junior coordinator asked. 
"She's gotta' be a professional. She dances for somebody_right?"
The senior coordinator replied.
"Her name is Michelle. The administration notes say she rarely speaks at all". 
By this time the kids are surrounding Michelle and asking her for her name. Michelle didn't answer. Instead, she's literally hiding her face with both her hands. The coordinators rushed over to intervene.
"Calm down everyone. Please, please. Her name is Michelle and she doesn't speak much. Obviously she's as shy as she is talented. Take your places dancers. Let's get started_ shall we?"
After the whispering subsided the class carried on with a new enthusiasm and appreciation for freestyle. Over the next several dance practices the coordinators started filming the class starlet and her regular solo's. Michelle was not a talker, but she would continue to dance without request or reason. Misty is easily Michelle's closest friend. A friend that didn't live too far from her speechless companion. It was not much of an inconvenience visiting each other regularly. The Laster's car garage was often left empty and quickly transformed into the young ladies personal dance studio. They'd dance and eat together, dance some more than sleep. Michelle hardly slept so it was usually Misty that slept while the speechless one wandered off to pick fruit. Board games were their choice of intermissions most of the times and the two became inseparable at the dance academy they attended. Even as close as these two became, the talking was always only one-sided. It didn't bother Misty at all. In fact, she adapted to reading Michelle's eyes and hand signals better than anyone else at the academy. It was becoming more obvious the two were spending time together away from Chula Vista campus. Misty testifies to Patricia during a visit.
"I love Michelle so much. She's so much fun. Where does she get all her energy from? That girl can dance for days". 
Patricia smiles at Misty and thinks to ask:
"Has she spoken to you yet?... From her mouth. Has she talked to you?" 
"No." Misty answers casually before she looks up at Patricia with awe in her eyes
"So she can talk?..."
"She sure as hell can write." Patricia replies, smiling. 
At this juncture, Michelle entered the kitchen area where they were standing. They all ate grapes together and peeled oranges. This was becoming common in this resident. Tending to fruits and veggies were being treating it as if it were an extra-curriculum activity. Michelle's hunger for raw, organic foods was evidently contagious.

CLAIREMONT MESA BLVD
Michelle is looking forward to spending this weekend with her best friend Misty. They've been each other's friend for so long now that they're inseparable. Clairemont Mesa Blvd isn't too far away. As she's being dropped off, Patricia is confidant.
"I know you're in good hands here so I won't worry about you babe'. I'll just miss you ok?"
Michelle smiled before she shut the vehicle door behind her. Patricia just pulled off when Misty ran up to Michelle with the biggest smile, greeted her with a kiss and hugged her tight. She's wearing a white cut off t-shirt that exposes her mid-section. Her boyish boxer briefs are revealed courtesy of the urban sagging effect of her grey sweat pants. A white embroidery runs down the length her leg inseam with the text "HARVARD". A fresh pair of black and white Jordan sneakers finish her look. These two have truly become sister's spirits. Misty's parents are accomplished and have always desired a chance to interact with Michelle. They've heard so much about her dancing talent and how she's not inclined to talk. Misty's father has been away for the week, so this was a weekend set apart for the three ladies. There's plenty of girly accommodations lined up for the young gals'. Merti is a proud mom and native of Cairo. She's cultured, creative and constantly thinking of new design ideas. She's a faithful designer for Nissan Design America where she is respected for her craft and loved for her smiles. Cairo has always been a place known for birthing cultured personalities like Merti. Several years earlier (and up to now) her hospitality has always been unlike anything San Diego has facilitated. The dynamic duo steps in through the front double doors; and met by Merti. 
"Hello Michelle, you can call me Mrs. El Gazzar."  
While Michelle greeted her with a hug affectionately, Merti laughed to herself (inwardly) after introducing herself to Michelle. She just remembered how this child wouldn't be inclined to address her verbally. She realized how pointless it was offering Michelle a way of addressing her. Still, it was customary to do so. Michelle didn't mind. The three walked together into the living area where a big screen TV was hardly noticeable. The wall hangings dominated the space. Artful sculptures kept any corners hidden. Michelle's big beautiful eyes had plenty to look at.
"So I hear you're getting along wonderfully with Mariam!"
Michelle focuses in on Merti's eyes and smiles -- nodding her head to say yes. 
"That means, yes mom."
Misty proudly conveys what that smile (obviously) meant. While they're sitting at the dining table, making sugar cookies, a dog with the color of fresh banana bread made his grand appearance. It's a golden retriever. Michelle's smile grew from ear-to-ear. Mr. Wigglesworth (The family pet) approached cautiously smelling around for some attention. Michelle grabs the dog's face and points it in her direction. She forces the dogs eyes to look directly into hers. Merti thought this nose-to-nose affection was oddly cute. These two had only just met and already getting along so lavishly. Suddenly the family pet turned around gently and left the arena of fellowship. It was almost as if Michelle told Mr. Wigglesworth she'll play with him later. Misty and her mom looks at each other in awe of how calm they witnessed Mr Wiggles-worth wagging himself out of the room.
"So I understand you prefer not to talk. Do you write much?" 
Michelle signals her hand with a gesture that was commonly used to say "sort of" while at the same time shaking her head no. This was the equivalent of "rarely" on a 5-point grading system that she specified for family and friends. 

1 = "SURE" or "PLEASE" / head nodding with a 	gorgeous smile
2 = "YES, but SOMETIMES" / head nodding yes; 	while a hand rotates at the wrist
3 = "NOT REALLY" / hand rotating at the wrist
4 = "RARELY" / heading shaking no while a hand 	rotates at the wrist 
5 = "NO THANK YOU" / head shaking no 

"Very well then. Me and Mariam will be glad to do all the chatting this weekend. You feel free to do all the smiling and laughing you can handle alright Michelle?"
Up to this point Michelle hadn't written much around Misty either. She's nine years old and has demonstrated writing. She'd already written in ways that almost caused loved ones to pass out. But these days Michelle keeps her notepad and emerald colored pencils tucked away in her backpack just in case she had to write something. Talking for Michelle [at this point] is at a standstill and has been for years. Even her occasionally spoken "no's and yes's" are rare and far in between. It's Misty who has yet to see Michelle write or even hear Michelle talk. This is why Misty enjoyed hearing Michelle laugh so loudly. It gave her a sense of inspiration to hear her best friend's vocal tone. Michelle's laughs have always been magical to everyone who loves her. Wondrously adored. 
Molly is sitting with Misty at the main table alone. She wants to use this small opportunity to ask her friend Misty an interesting question.
Michelle began writing.
"Life is a part of something unseen, for the purpose of something that can not currently be expressed. When life is being experienced in the frequency of love and joy, it itself becomes multi-layered. What do you dream about Misty? Is there anything you'd like to experience for the purpose of experiencing it?" Michelle asked.
"Actually, there is something I'd like to do. I've always dreamed of doing it. As a little girl, I wanted one of my own. It's silly, but I'd love to experience riding a unicorn."
Michelle's eyes squinted as if she were pondering something or tapping into a consciousness grid. She was pulling something down from a collective pool of thoughts to teach herself what a unicorn is. It was made obvious that something clicked because she grinned harshly and began to write.
"You're speaking of the creature that resembles the creature we call a horse. The creature that's thought of as having a calcified growth perched upon it's crown. Is this correct?"
"Geez, when you explain it like that, you take some of the magic away. Yes. That's the creature. Enthusiasts' still debate rather the unicorn was a real animal, or an imaginary one that never lived."
"Beloved. Anything that is thought of is also real. Those thoughts exist in the realm of thought forms. Thoughts create forms. Everything with form does exist. Even unicorns. Man is constantly planting himself in his dreams. It's when man can bring his dreams with him -- into this realm -- that he have conquered imagination."
"All I know is that, I'd love to ride a unicorn someday. IN THIS REALM. NOT MY MINDS.” she laughed.
"Maybe someday you will be able to answer the debate amongst those enthusiasts."
Michelle smiles at her best friend.
"Yeah right! How about we go see if the apples are ready to be picked. There's one apple I been' watching for months. I bet he's ready now."
They spent an hour swatting flies and picking apples before it was time for Michelle to return home.
This weekend has been filled with giggles and laughs at the small (visiting) amusement park and a quik visit to mission beach. 
"Next time you come to visit sweetie, maybe we can all go see the Panda Bears at the San Diego Zoo!" 
Michelle gave her a smile and the tightest hug she knew how to give before she parted ways. It'd been a great weekend for everybody. 
"Mariam. There's something about that friend of yours. Something special. I can't explain it, but there's a very strong... energy or... essence about her that almost made me wanna' be emotional."
"I know what you mean mom. I'm not used to it yet either. Every time I sit next to her in class while the instructor is talking, I feel like I need to cry inside. Not a sad cry, but a happy cry. Michelle makes me feel so good inside. I don't...."
Just as she's trying to explain this, her eyes start tearing. Misty has always been a child that wore her feelings on her shoulders. It isn't unusual to see her this moved by something that touched her heart. This is one of those rare times her mother knows exactly where these emotions were spawning from. The feeling is mutual about being next to Michelle. This speechless child is radiating something pure, no doubt.







Chapter 9   MICHELLE'S SLEEPOVER
A well practiced psychologist's once gave his opinion to the Laster's about Michelle.
"There's evidence of multiple personalities going on in Michelle's psychosis. In many ways she experiences life dwelling in the innocence of a shy, adorable child. In more serious times, she's a confident teacher that illustrates the wisdom of many elders. We all wear multiple hats, but hers are truly unique -- so uniquely intertwined. So boldly expressed."

[The psychologist's would be correct diagnosing Michelle with schizophrenia. But in her defense, don't we all demonstrate a capacity to wear different hats in different surroundings? This is arguably fundamental of being a mature adult. Isn't it?]
	
"Michelle, you've spent a great deal of time at Misty's home. Wouldn't you like her to come spend time with you, here?"
Michelle had never thought of it. To think of it how Patricia was meaning it would've required Michelle to be a tad bit show-boating. This beautiful mind doesn't have the look at what I have in her to look for validation or to impress anyone. Sure, her room is extravagant, but its never dawned on her to show it off. This jovial, quiet, sincere soul excepts life as it comes and goes. Michelle isn't perfect and smiles at the thought of showing her room to Misty. It might not have been her initial idea, but it was an idea that she didn't see any harm about. 
Michelle sent a text to Misty.
"Misty, would you like to spend the night with me in my home?... I know you'll enjoy it."
"Of course Michelle. That'll be real cool."
Later that evening, Misty is dropped off. She arrives with her hair in crempled Shirley Temple curls. Her pajamas are a simple duck-themed onezzee with a duck's bill fabricated on the hoody. Although a purse or hip sling would seem more appropriate for their ages, Misty's proudly wearing her backpack that fits oversized (as they fit both of both of them) when they elect to sport their favorite backpack.
"I'm all ready to slumber girlfriend. I got my toothbrush, my jammies' on, my mp3 player and that's actually about it."
They chuckle like any two best friends would when they're anticipating to have a great time. Misty had never been in Michelle's house. The environment is new to her. Kevin and Patricia are away at the movies with Junior. This was all planned because they had no reason not to trust Michelle to be home alone. They've done this so many times before that it's become the culture and standard operating procedures. What kind of trouble could a meditating little girl get into? Not much. They definitely had her confidence.
After an hour in the bottom floor kitchen making fruit smoothies, Michelle takes Misty by the hand and heads towards the stairway leading upstairs. 
"Wait! My backpack!"
She quickly grabs her backpack and follows Michelle up the stairs. When they arrive at the pink door trimmed in fantastic wood, Misty had two words for Michelle.
"Nice door.”
Michelle opens the door and Misty is able to get two feet in before she forgets she was carrying a backpack all together. It hit the floor and met Misty's bottom jaw there.
"What_... the_... fudge_...? Oh my lord. Wow!... And you have live trees in your room too?... Michelle you are so frickin' lucky. You know what? I officially love this room. And since you're my best friend that makes this room kinda' both of ours. I am so claiming my half right now."
As they got settled in for sleep, Misty started chit chatting.
"I love going to dance class. I think I have a crush on Mr. Moore. He's cute. Do you have a crush on anyone Michelle?"
The gorgeous talent smiles hard and shakes her head "no".
"You will someday. They're harmless. Hey! Maybe we can make our own dance crew? You know?... Get some girls together and maybe even go to the same school. Oh my gosh. That would be awesome if we went to the same school. Too bad you're not in my district."
Michelle begins writing.
"It's just as difficult to write in this tongue as it is to think in it. I could easily go to your school if I desired to. I don't desire school at all. It's different than being assisted in reconnection. The difference is {purpose}. School is good for the practicing of social sciences for young people. Socializing and fellowship is always agreeable. Most times I don't go to class at all. I visit places that help me reconnect."
"I'd like to go with you someday to where you go. How far are these places?"
Michelle smiles before she continues to write.
"Some places are many miles away. Other places are years away from here. One of these days. I'll take you to where I visit. Someday soon, I'll take many people to these places."
Misty really didn't understand the details of what Michelle was saying. Before she could probe about these places, she remembered she wanted to try on some of Michelle's clothes before she was too tired to. They started playing dress up. Apparently Michelle's closet full of clothing is about Misty's size. No one has ever been seen bringing this stuff up to Michelle's room. Kevin nor Patricia is aware of how full this closet is with this extravagant wardrobe. Where does a young girl get the money for 1000 pieces of custom wardrobe? Well,... Misty never thought to ask -- nor did she care. This closet, with these clothes, in this room of decor all fit together. It all made sense. Everything she tried on and fell in love with, Michelle was eager to hand gesture, "it's yours". 
[A couple hours later]
While the two were wrestling on the bed, Misty caught of glance at the muscles rampaging her friends midsection.
"Wow!!! You got some strong abbadabba's girl."
She hears Misty and raises her shirt playfully. This "reveal it" reaction isn't necessarily for asking for further praise, it's more in response to seeing how Misty was looking at her belly.
"Let me see you flex'em girl."
Michelle begins patting her stomach creating slapping sounds. She's only just now realizing it's her abdominals being praised. She takes a deep breath and tightens her flawless belly for Misty. 
"Oh my gosh. You got a six pack of root beer. Check mine out."
Misty stands to her feet, takes a deep breath and tightens her pale belly muscles. When she does, Michelle laughs and starts lightly slapping Misty's stomach. She's enjoying the sight of seeing Misty's bright belly. Misty's abdominals are just as impressive. Michelle isn't noticing because she isn't easy to impress concerning things superficial. She never has been. Make-up, earrings, jewelry, they never seemed to accomplish impressing Michelle in one way or another. Its geometric shapes, stones and natural elements that tend to grab her full observation.
"You got some thunder thighs too girl. No wonder you can do the strength moves you do when you dance. You're all muscle."
It's true. Michelle's small frame is dense with impressive muscles. But to her, her own physique is just a physique.
"I have a four pack. You have all six. Girl, if I had a stomach like yours, I'd wear tank tops all the time."
If it weren't for people like Misty (who has direct access to viewing Michelle's soft under-side), her level of fitness would easily go unappreciated. It's hard for anyone to notice how toned Michelle is because she never wears shirts that reveal her midsection. Skirts, shorts and tights are a no go as far as Michelle is concerned. It's not that she's apposed to these clothings prejudicely, No. She's just way too shy for that type of dress code. She prefers jogging pants and sweat suits. She doesn't know it, but anything she pulled onto herself made her more adorable. Even hooded garments look rediculously cute on this ray of smiling sunshine. Michelle thinks in many ways a young, shy, reserved child would think and carry herself. She's simply not wired to be sexual or sensually Flirtatious like a teen girl might be. As Misty is sitting on the bed, Michelle jumps into her lap. There's no obvious regard for causing harm to her friend.
[Laughing]
"Dang girl. If you were heavy, I'd be in pain. The only reason you get away with jumping into people's laps is because you're so damn little. If you were any bigger, I'd have to retaliate and smack yah'."
Needless to say; the girls enjoyed each other's company in a most vibrant of rooms this night. They slept so good, they snored through Junior slamming the front door to leave for school in the morning. Half the night was spent admiring the room's decor and trying on clothes. When the two awoke, Misty had over 50 pieces of designer clothing that flooded the cab. She appreciated them, but this curly headed blonde was most grateful for the rest she had gotten. Her soul was inwardly raving about how pleasant the sleep was. What a difference is was from her house.
"Thank you for letting me spend the night bestee'. I hope I wasn't snoring too loud. I feel good."
As the door of the cab closed, final waves goodbye sealed this fellowship. Is this the secret "gain" from sleepovers? Of course it was. It's not the lipstick color they found that works. Nor is it about how many stories or gossip they could swap. Sleep-over's are about bonding. An opportunity to be together validate friendships.

HORTON PLAZA
As the two spend months laughing about things fourteen year olds laugh about. Michelle and Misty are growing extremely close. They're experiencing and discovering the joy of enjoying life. Two fourteen year olds shared dance as their foundation for familiarity. Although these girls were a world apart, they're so much alike in so many ways. Misty's signature look is obviously her huge blonde curls, but that's not all she's rocking' today. She's wearing designer sunglasses to compliment her healthy hair. Her hooded sweater is fashionably ripped to expose her impressive abdominal muscles. On the front of the sweater, a large Tommy Hilfiger logo is situated across it's chest area. Where the "Tommy" and "Hilfiger" are supposed to broadcast, the words "FASHION" and "KILLER" frame the logo in familiar form. Her gray draw-string sweat pants are loose fitting and to give her outfit extra flare, bright red high top sneakers complete her urban look.

Today is a typical sunny San Diego day where the weather is ideal, the sky is clear and the local fanfare is charged up about their favorite national football team. The girls have just spent another night in Michelle's room where it is becoming Misty's transparent addiction. Although the round-faced Clairemont teen couldn't explain it, sleepovers are undeniably revitalizing to her in ways that made Michelle's room more magical than its decor. As they sat at the dining table downstairs, they sit eating a breakfast laced with blueberry's from every angle. Blueberry pancakes', blueberry yogurt, organic blueberry's and bottled water when Misty has an idea.
"Lets' go to Horton Plaza Michelle! It'll be so much fun. Can you believe I'm still accessorizing for the wardrobe you gave me. C'mon... We have to go shopping."
All that was Misty really wants to do is be with her friend and look adorable for any boys they might run across.
"Going to the mall isn't all about shopping, it's also about showing off our super cute look!"
Misty is maturing to be quite a flirt with the boys. She has found a way to smile (just right) to tease boys she didn't know. Michelle knew this about her flirtatious friend and smiles gorgeously to indicate she's up for the adventure.
"I'll need some comfortable boots. I need to be cozy while we trek through the shops. Oh! And we can do some boy toying."
As they ran upstairs to rumble through an endless choice of dresses, skirts and pants. 
"I wanna' wear some comfortable leggings. They have to be super cute though. They're easy to slip on and off when I'm trying things on at the mall. Or if the dressing rooms aren't available, they're form fitting enough to try things on over."
Misty notices something about herself that probably spoke more about Michelle.
"You know what Michelle?... I can't help but notice I've been growing taller and you haven't. What's up with that?"
Michelle smiles and laughs it away with talentedly to avoid a discussion. The healthy, wide-eyed talent is properly proportioned, beautiful and normal sized for her age. Somehow she does seem to be evading growth at Misty's regular interval. It's not too noticeable, but definitely not at the rate her best friend was growing. Junior seems to be catching the girls fast. His growth is on full steam ahead.
"When we met we were the same height. Now, I'm a bit taller. It could just be the shoes. Oh well. You ready for the mall B.F.F.?"

Today the girls ask Patricia to shuttle them to the nearest trolley station even though the popular way of travel had been substantiated as the cab. San Diego is popularized for its bright red trolley system. It's a beautiful rail train with multiple routes that span across most of San Diego.
"You girls sure you don't want me to just take you to the mall...?"
"Yes Ma'am. Michelle and I really wanna' ride the trolley."
"Ok then. I can definitely respect young ladies who know what they want! I'm cool with that."
As the girls arrive at the closest station to the mall, the red trolley ride is accomplished without incident. The only thing between them and their shopping venture is a small walk (a few "downtown" blocks away). 
"I love this mall Michelle. There's no roof.  You can totally see the sky from the bottom level. It's so cool. If I ever have a big house, I'd want it to have a high ceiling and have it made so anyone on the second floor could look down and see the people on the first floor. It'd be kind 'of like a small mall."
Shop after shop, they smiled through it all. Bags slowly built-up impressively afforded through Michelle's credit card. It's white and seems to have an unlimited spending threshold. Misty never asked any questions. What was Michelle's is also hers. Michelle had made this plain some time ago. 
"Lately, I've been using way too many hash tags. I'll probably still be use hash tags when I'm 21. When I turn 21, I wanna' be 21 forever. Kinda' like that shop over there."
A small group of boys gathered outside a popular gothic shop and were admiring Misty and Michelle as they walked by. Michelle is still very shy. She'd notice the intention of boys admiring her. She just never cared to respond in any kind of language to feed into it. Michelle typically analyzed the intentions of strangers when they were at a distance close enough to be affected by her. That was all. She simply hasn't been interested in being a flirt. Never has. Misty (on the other hand) was coming into full awareness of her sexuality and sex appeal. She liked to see the young boys sizing her up. Some would argue that young people shouldn't be thinking of sex at their age, but the argument is obsolete. Fact is, young people their age experiment with flirting and seeking the attention of the opposite sex. Misty walks by the group spouting. 
"Going our way boys?"
Of course she doesn't mean anything by it. The boys realize this and appreciate her friendly playfulness. Anytime Misty identified a cute boy, she purposefully approached close enough to be noticed by himand smile directly at him -- successfully causing him to ponder what's on her mind. Michelle notices Misty being extra friendly, but is impartial to having an opinion about Misty exercising her right to a flirtatious freewill. 
"That was exciting. Damn, we got a lot of bags. Oh, my god!!! I can't wait to get these hung up. I'm not even gonna' try'em on tonight. Yes, yes. I'm so exciited. I just can't hide it." Misty sang out loud.
The San Diego sun is setting and gives the streets a different persona than when they had arrived. As they navigate the busy streets of crowds enjoying the nightlife (in route to the trolley station) something abruptly causes Michelle to stop walking and gaze upwards. Something big and deserving was demanding Michelle's total attention. She froze with pure focus.
"What's wrong Michelle?"
Misty notices Michelle looking upwards into the darkening sky and naturally wants to see what's demanding Michelle's focus. They're both looking up at a grouping of large illuminated emerald neon rods that adorn the trim of several rooftops. It's the Emerald Plaza Building. It scales high into the skyline with a magnificent display of neon trimmings.
"Oh, those?... That's the Emerald Plaza Building. It has a residential wing for renters and business wing for business. At least that's what I've been told. Don't know any more than that. It's on most of the San Diego post cards. Kind of like the signature of San Diego. We would go now, but the curfew is coming and rules are rules. We'll go next weekend."
Michelle smiles. She can't hide how intrigued she is. Slowly, she starts making forward progress again. She plans on going there someday soon. With or without Misty, she has to see what's inside. She wants to feel the energy that may or might not be a part of its infrastructure. As the young ladies made it to the trolley junction, they decided to utilize the cab that was waiting to be utilized. They went to Misty's Clairemont residence where they settled in for another cozy night of fun, fellowship and girl-time. As they both lay across Misty's bed, Misty is buffing Michelle's nails. They have new nail polish colors that they are proud to try. Michelle was first for her transformation. Misty talks to Michelle about flirting. 
"I'm super flirty because I'm super confident, especially with dudes. I think of it this way. One, I have a vagina. Guys like vaginas. I could be the most hideous, meanest troll in the world, and there's still a guy that would like to take a ride on my rumba. I never even consider I might be too ugly to flirt. First, because it's not true. Second, there's literally no such thing. Two, I tell myself to just go for it. The worst a guy can say is [I don't see you that way]. OK. It might bruise the ego, but at least you know and you can shake it off. If you get turned down by a guy, it's not like the other guys are gonna' catch wind of it - and start gossiping about how no one will date you. Most guys are like, ["Hey, she's single? I didn't know that. She has a vagina, I'm gonna' go for it!]. Remember Michelle , they all like vagina."
Michelle writes down her responses.
"So flirting is getting a boys attention?"
"Yes! You're getting the idea. It makes us feel desirable."
"My mind is constantly registering the sounds, the smells, places and the personalities around me. Lately I have been relaxing more_though. Maybe I should try to find a romantic preference? A personality I can see myself being with? Someone other than spending time with you. A boy."
"Remember that flirting isn't about finding a husband. It's about boosting your confidence."
"....But my confidence doesn't need to be boosted."
"Oh lord. Your thinking too much into it Michelle. Think of flirting as a normal behavior for girls. Let yourself experience what it is to be a sensual woman. Get it?"
"I understand. It's teasing the minds of guys because we girls have the power of persuasion. Right?"
"Uh,... Ok. Yeah. That's a bit much, but yes. Tease guys with your onion." Misty says laughing to herself. 
"What do you mean by onion?" Michelle wrote to ask.
"Your personality is your onion. Yours has plenty of layers, girl! You're oddly, unusually interesting. Any guy would want you. Hell, if I was a guy, I'd do horrible things to your vagina just to say I messed with a quiet girl. Your issue is that you don't know the power of your persuasion over guys. You're lucky I love you because I can see this is gonna' be a long night. I'm gonna' have to teach you why it's healthy to flirt and How to flirt 101."
Misty adjusts her position in the bed for better comfortability.
"When you first start experimenting with flirting, find out what your comfort zone is. Mom says, even though flirting is supposed to be fun, your comfort zone should never be pushed and it should be taken seriously. You can use me for flirt practice. Find a style. Flirt with touching. Flirt with your eyes? Oh, the eye contact (that you should be having when you are flirting) is definitely a huge key. I see you look at people all the time Michelle. You analyze them. Honestly, you have the eye-contact thing in your back pocket. You don't talk much, so your eyes will have to carry your flirt load."
"I like to laugh. It makes me feel really good." Michelle confesses.
"I understand. But soft, small, giddy little smiles are my favorite way to flirt. Bursting out with gut busters totally overdo it. Add in a flash of my pearly whites or even just a close-mouthed smile. It never fails to make people more approachable. This is why I approached you at dance class. Your smile is adorably cute to girls. I wanted to be friends with your smile  before anyone else snatched you as their friend. To guys, your pretty smile is sexy and makes them want to flirt with you. Knowing when to smile and when to laugh is key."
Michelle has been listening attentively this whole lesson. She's being advised on a key social behavior that she's had no desire for. 
Michelle is learning to incorporate "sexy" as a part of her personality. Misty is fine to teach Michelle these lessons because she is seeing this as her time to teach a teacher. Deep inside of Misty, she's been wanting a co-flirter. Explaining "flirting" to Michelle is more about giving her best friend a new dynamic to share among themselves. 
"Your posture is perfect. It means you have great confidence. When we're hanging out, I have to guess who the guys are looking at. There's been times that your posture and pretty face took the attention of the guy I was looking to flirt with. I never told you because...well, you didn't need to know.” she admitted with a loud laugh.
"I'll keep all this in my mind. Flirting is fun. Flirting is fundamental. Flirting is for everyone. You have confidence that I can do it too. Thank you Misty."

Dear Diary
It's me again, Misty. I think I ate too much for dinner. Why do I do that to myself? Oh well. Maybe someday I will be donw with eating lasagna! Nah. It's delicious. Especially when I help make it. Lol. In my schools, I've crossed many people. I've met many faces. I've probably only stopped to talk to %10 of them.  Some became acquaintances and a few became friends. Friends come and go. Each friendship has been special in its own way. Some friends gave me joy to be around while others bored me. For me, thankfully my best friend today is Michelle. She's about my same age. Maybe because of that, we get closer easily compared to the others. We contact each other every day with text messages. We're both excited when we see each other. Me and Michelle share the same hobbies. We both love to dance and she really has a good sense of humor. Whenever I am with her, I laugh my head off. She cracks me up because she's so cute. She lives with her family in San Diego. Michelle is simple, but at the same time, she's very complicated. She's teaching me many things. I have created a life motto' for myself because she has one. Mine is ‘Be simple. Being Complicated Sucks’. Hers is a bit more complexed, but I kinda understand it as "Fear nothing and connect to everything". She says that the beginning of a unbound mind is the ending of all fears. Most times I just read what she writes and laugh, but I'm secretly learning as much as I can. She is super smart. I like how she always wears baggy pants and oversized t-shirts. It makes her look smaller than she is. She's so compassionate. Always willing to lend a helping hand or give a sympathetic ear to hear me complain about my stupid issues. That is why I always share my problems with her. No boyfriend can be an island. We all need friends. Anyone without friends is a lonely someone. We need friends that we can confide in and share our problems with. So, we should never ever take our friends for granted. Without friends, our lives would be boring. I love Michelle more than I love myself. That's a crime somewhere I'm sure. Oh did I mention she doesn't prefer to talk? That's how it's explained, but I'm starting to think she can't talk at all. Who can go a full day without saying a word? I can't. Not if I had a choice. But she does. She goes days, weeks, months without speaking a single word. You might think she's def, but she hears just fine. She listens unlike anyone else that's listened to me. I believe Michelle is a angel from heaven. My own personal angel. I wish she was here with me right now. My room wouldn't feel so empty. My walls wouldn't be so sad. My bed wouldn't feel so cold. Usually I'd text her, but I dont wanna bother her again. I'm glad I wrote in my diary because this made me feel better. My life rocks. Goodnight diary.

Chapter 10   MISTY'S MAKEUP LESSON
The girls are eighteen now. They decide to spend another evening at Misty's home. The confident blonde is lounging around in her grey, ultra ripped sweatpants that are in no way savvy for the outdoors. Interesting though; how she's paired them with a brand new fitted sweater. You'd think this ensemble might pass for official urban styling.
"I love being with you girl. You're my best friend forever."
Michelle smiles wide and signals her hand to reply.
"I love you too." 
There's something else on Michelle's mind. For a few months now, Misty has been wearing (and experimenting) with makeup. Michelle is curious about the trend. Michelle writes a question for Misty.
"You're wearing a emerald color around your eyes. I see other girls doing that too. I don't understand. What made you start being so interested in face colors? Did your mom teach you all this?"
"I can't exactly explain why I started wearing makeup SILLY. I know it's fun, it's addictive and it's pretty. I have no willpower to resist sparkly eye-shadows, light pink lipsticks or soft, fluffy eye-shadow brushes. They make me weak in the knees."
Misty laughs out loud at how she sounds to herself. 
"Makeup makes me feel like a better version of myself. When my skin is all a even tone, I feel pretty. All it takes is a little bit of foundation and some powder. Part of it is that it makes me feel better about the areas I'm insecure about. I can flirt with a little more confidence. The internet suggests consulting a professional beauty advisor to find the proper makeup for your skin tone. Screw that. Today, I'm all the consulting you need. Besides, an individual makeup lesson can cost $100. A makeup workshop is $225 per person. I'm not gonna' charge you a dime Michelle. Makeup is a learning experience. Let's get started. 
Mom is obviously darker than me, but she taught me the basics. The internet filled in the blanks. It's simple. If you can see lines between the light colors and the dark colors, your color pallet needs to be adjusted."
"I've been noticing you wearing different colors on your face. Hardly noticeable, but noticeable to me. I've never really thought to wear makeup."
"I know Michelle. You really don't need it. Your skin is ridiculously even. You have the color of a Filipina. They don't typically wear a lot of eye shadows. It's just usually the brows, lipsticks and foundation they touch up."
Michelle picks up a small tube with her eyes asking the question. "What's this?"
"Oh, that's a BB cream. You don't need a consultant to pick out the right one. Testing and triumph is a good way to know your tones. There are a lot of things I look for in a brand. I'm not the type to be loyal to one brand, although there are definitely brands I feel like I can rely on for consistency and quality. I like products that give a classic timeless look, but I also like new trying things."
Misty and Michelle settled in bed with a small chest of Misty's makeup collection.
"Tonight I'm gonna' do your eye makeup. It's about time you to kicked it up a notch. But not because you need to. Just because you're a girl and girls love to enhance. Ok. The right makeup means a flawless look. It should look like you don't have any makeup on. I don't like a lot of crazy purples, greens or blues. They're unnatural. I like colors that looks pretty and makeup that just enhances."
As Michelle looks at all the products Misty was sorting through, she's smiling and appreciates Misty when she writes.
"This is already so much fun."
"Your skin is oil-free. That's a great starting point. Some girls have really oily skin. Trust me, it must be a whole different playing field at their ballpark. Good. Now I'm gonna' start by applying foundation on your eyelids,...nice. Underneath your eyes as well.... Good. Lets dab on some creamy concealer. The rules are, it should only be a shade or two lighter than your complexion, so this one should work. Um,... the color is too contrasting, so I'm gonna' stipple some of the foundation over it with a sponge. Actually, I'm gonna' use my concealer brush. We're lucky. We don't have to worry too much about raccoon eyes. Ok, now I'm going to clean and groom your eyebrows. You don't have too many strays to tweeze away, so your good to go. Nice and natural looking. Let's try smoothing a makeup primer on your eyelids... there we go. Good. Now focusing on the ball of your eye, I'm gonna' apply a mid to dark tone eye-shadow from your lash line to your crease... See? Cool right? Now I'm gonna' brush a lighter version of the first color above the ball of the eye. Oh my gosh you are looking fabulous girl. We're gonna' define your lash lines with a fine-point creamy pencil. For a natural look, we'll use the brown one. See how the color is blending into your lashes without creating an actual line? Now we finish up by dabbing a highlighter on your inner corners to capitalize on the doe-eyed look." 
Michelle writes her next question with a genuine curiosity.
"So what do you look for when you go shopping for makeup? What brands do you use?"
"Oh, um... High quality, good pigment, nice textures at a decent price and natural wearable feminine colors. Packaging needs to be sturdy and the container design needs to be cute. Yep, the little case counts as a part of the product. They're decent incentives to show appreciation for the buyers business. You'll learn to appreciate the products that are timeless and classic, but modern and new at the same time. Last; but definitely not least, I think the whole experience of buying something makes or breaks a brand. There have been a few brands I have fallen completely in love with because of the GREAT customer service I received. But then there's been a couple occasions I went with some brands that have totally killed my desire to try any more products from them or shop at that particular store. My favorite brands? Well, I have to admit they're constantly changing. I guess I don't have favorites yet. I got a little of everything in here. Stila, Nars, Trish and Bobbi Brown. I got some Chanel, MAC, Dior and Armani. I even got some Paul & Joe, Edward Bess and Dolce & Gabbana. Actually, a lot of this stuff came from my mom's collection. They're colors that didn't fit her skin. I kinda' think she bought these intentionally to give them to me. Probably her way of helping me experiment. Buy'em for me! Hell yeah I'm gonna' try it. It was free."

Suddenly; the family pet came into the room slothfully. Mr. Wigglesworth didn't look too excited to see his newest friend was visiting. Michelle started to analyze the dog intensely.
"Yeah, he's been in a rut for a about a month now. We can't seem to cure his sadness. The veterinarian said he's healthy."
Michelle grabs the face of Mr. Wigglesworth and forces him to look her in the eyes. As he does, he starts to whimper a bit. A cry out. Something was being communicated between the two of them. Something is being obviously understood.
"Oh my gosh, are you hurting him Michelle?"
Misty knows that isn't the case. She's just at a loss for other words. Mr. Wigglesworth seems relieved and slightly more jovial than when he first entered the room. Michelle grabs her notepad and emerald colored pencil from her backpack and started to write.
"Mr. Wigglesworth isn't sad because of bad health. His suffering is for the desire of companionship."
"Oh my gosh, I knew it. How do you know that Michelle? Did he tell you?"
"His vibration of loneliness was all the confirmation I needed. I told Mr. Wigglesworth his companion is on the way." 
"Yeah, but one problem Michelle... He's been fixed. He can't make puppies."
Michelle grinned at the lack of enlightenment her friend was displaying before she started to write a response.
"Fixed? There was nothing wrong with him. Beloved, creating offspring isn't necessary for experiencing inner fulfillment. Mr. Wigglesworth desires a friend like we have each other. It could be either female or male. A companion that does what he does. A companion to share his existence with. When your parents awake, please show them this letter and insist that they adopt another dog to be Mr. Wiggles-worth's companion. Take Mr. Wigglesworth too if it's possible. Grant him time to sift through the barking K-9's. The one that is most happy to meet Mr. Wigglesworth will be best. They will grow to agree with more things than they disagree with. Mr. Wigglesworth will thank you."
"I sure will. I think it's time we got another dog. Our backyard is big enough for four dogs. I think I want a chow'chow. Kind of like Mr. Wigglesworth's color."
"Remember. The choice is Mr. Wigglesworth's. You already have your source of community that gives you commonality. You have me."
[They laugh.] 
When Merti and her husband awoke, Misty handed them the letter and told them how Michelle "just knew this to be true". They put Mr. Wigglesworth in the van and visited the local pound. In no time, their family companion is sniffing around with his tail wagging vividly. When Mr. Wigglesworth reached the cage of a younger puppy, he stops and wants to play with it. The puppy is just as eager to meet Mr. Wigglesworth. It's pacing around in the small cage for bargaining if you let me out. I'll behave. The friendly kennel custodian unlocked the gate that contained the puppy and the two dashed around as if they've known one another for many years. 
"I guess that'd be the one."
A few days later, Mr. Wigglesworth had his buddy. He had a new lease on life to live more abundantly. Four extra legs in the large back yard made a world of a difference. Misty's extended family was happy. This made everyone happier. Two legged and four legged creatures are experiencing an appreciated refreshing.
Chapter 11   JUNIOR'S BIG AUDITION
Junior's vitality continues to shock the community. He's quite a young talent. An apparent love for singing and song-writing emerged from his new interaction with life. He's 16yrs old now and attending a performing arts school. Junior is very active in class and participating in all the talent shows. As far as Michelle, she hasn't said or wrote anything down for years since the bedside miracle. She's a young lady now so she's left to her own brilliance most time. All is well.
"Hey Junior! Have you heard about the singing tryouts coming to town? It's all over the radio and TV." 
Junior laughed lightly at his mother. 
"Of course mom. I've already got my song prepared." 
The auditions seemed to be coming as fast as the rumor had spread. The Pasadena Rose Bowl has announced to be where it's taken place. Junior decides to take Michelle with him on this 2-day adventure. They board the greyhound and make it to the Rose bowl 24hrs early. 
"No one is here. This is a big deal. I don't understand." Junior said aloud. 
Michelle's enjoying the new scene where there's people flying hobby planes on the grassy field of the stadium. Although the auditions weren't scheduled until tomorrow, Junior expected there to be a line forming already.  They had what they needed for the wait because they had originally planned on camping on this very field to be the first in line. The real surprise was that no one else was making the same effort. It isn't much of a camp. Actually, it's more like two sleeping bags, an umbrella and snacks. It's evident Junior was determined to among the first of the thousands who will food this place for position tomorrow. The night was cold and dark. The field was empty, unlit and they hadn't thought to pack a flashlight. The next morning the sun hasn't quite gave light to Junior and Michelle's profile [in the middle of the wide open field]. The two are hidden from the event staff who surely would've escorted them to behind the barricades. As the other talented applicants started to show up, vehicle headlights lit up the event parking lots searching for empty spaces. Event security was keeping everyone barricaded in the parking lot area. The event staff didn't want the line to form at the entrance just yet. Junior realizes the advantage he gave himself for the sacrifice of sleeping in the dark, due covered grass field all night. He and Michelle tried to contain their giggles about this. They were appeased. For them it was a simple matter of using the darkness to scramble to the restroom, freshening up, get changed and find a spot (hidden from event security) until the coordinators called for the barricading officers to unblock the growing mass of people. 
"That'd be the cue to charge for the front of the line Michelle.” he said. 
And that's exactly what happened. Ten minutes went by as the security holding the crowd at bay released a wave of power-walkers. They were all obviously bidding to be at the front of the line where there were booths set up to hand out wrist bands.
"Let's go Michelle, c'mon." 
The two couldn't stop laughing as they approached the booths uncontested. Junior received his wrist band which had a section designator,... which roll of seating and seat number. The two took their seats in the empty stadium and watched the roofless stadium fill in section by section. Zero applicants turned into thousands of people and their supporters. Fate was kind to Junior this day. Or was it purpose? For the first phase of the competition, he was among the first 100 people to sing. Over 15,000 were eventually auditioned at the Pasadena Rose Bowl this day. Junior had the only support he needed; his big sister Michelle. 
The 2nd phase of competition came and completed. Phase 3 was also a huge success. The secret formula seems to be that an artist needs to be lovable as well as talented. There had to be a stage presence about you that at least semi-professional. Junior was all of a above. His smooth voice and presentation made him a favorite early in the pre-syndicated portions of this competition. The 4th phase was a breeze. Junior made it. Finally, he's off to the group audition that would be held in a closed off theatre in front of the celebrity judges. This portion of the competition is recorded, but isn't broadcasted. If junior is selected as one of the official competitors, his audition [here] would later be televised to showcase "his journey". Junior undocks the microphone and sings in front of the judges with the joy of someone who was delivered from a life of hardship and co-dependency. His smile was vibrant and his personality charmed everyone. At the conclusion of this judging, the judges give Junior high praise for his level of professionalism and lovable mannerisms. The 17yr old is handed tickets to the live show portion of the competition and can't be more pleased. By now Junior's community is behind him almost as close as Michelle is. They celebrate every step of the way like a rogue holiday. Junior's well on his way to becoming a star and his city could feel it. Junior has succeeded in captivating the celebrity judges. He's already advanced farther than he expected. When he's asked about his background, he only talks about his parents and adopted sister. Oddly enough, he never discloses the miracle that unfolded in that hospital that night. How he was diagnosed with autism and even been healed from a paralyzing spinal injury. On and off camera Junior is a well-spoken gentleman. His singing ability makes him a teenage heartthrob. Previously the show administrators insisted that the contestants choose from a pre-approved sleuth of popular music titles to sing on stage. This was standard in all the previous years that founded its popularity. But this year they've made an exception. The syndicated show has changed the rules of next week's format. The judges inform all the contestants that the next live recording will give them their first opportunity to showcase any original music of their own. It only had to be all original and network approved. Junior calls home. 
"Mom, did you hear about next week? I can sing one of my own songs in the competition."
Patricia intentionally matched his excitement to be affective, healthy support.
"Which one will you sing?"
Junior thought about it before he responds.
"It's gonna' have to be something with a performance factor. There's a lot of talented contestants so singing won't be enough. I have three instrumentals with me.  I hope one of these is great enough to make a big difference."
The goodbye was brief before he hung up the phone. He was so excited that he spent the next 24hrs deciding which one to select. The only RnB song that had a different delivery than the previously performed RnB songs was his up tempo track titled: "You Are My Oxygen". It was ironically his earlier produced tracks from his portable KORG workstation. It could be easily edited to fit the 2 minute format. Junior had his laptop to mix the track down, his lyrics and his confidence. All he was missing now was some back-up dancers. After a quick discussion with the show personnel, he was on the phone texting his sister Michelle. It was agreed that she and Misty would accompany him on the big stage. The two were overwhelmed with shock and excitement that he'd include them on his journey. Actually, it was genius. Michelle and Misty had several dance routines that would go well with the rhythm of Junior's instrumental. All they had to do was get together and familiarize themselves with the idea. There was nothing to create since the creative parts of this routine were already finished.  Michelle and her dancing  are both 19yrs old, so the world is legally their platform to come and go as they pleased. They settled into the nearby luxury suite in less than 12 hours. The next day the fun of rehearsing seems like a world away. Upon arrival Junior opted to stay with his sister and Misty in their suite. The three woke up excited the next morning in their hotel room. There's an allotted time for the performing stage to be accessible for them to practice, but they don't utilize it. The three headed down to the lower parking garage underneath where the contestants were in their rooms learning lyrics and desperately trying to familiarize themselves with unfamiliar tracks. 
"Perfect. We can practice here. Whatcha' think Michelle?"
Michelle looks around before she shrugs her impartial shoulder's at Junior and smiles. They took their positions on an imaginary stage. Junior hit play button on the portable boom box while holding his imaginary microphone and begin to sing the agreed upon intro while the dancers waited for their queue. The first boom after the short introduction marked the "go" point for the dancers to start their 2 minute routine. This song was familiar to Michelle already so these practices were for Misty's familiarization for the most part. They practiced. The choreography was no challenge. Michelle calculated the steps on the make-believe stage perfectly. It was a high energy routine that utilized every inch of the stage. Their dance was deliberately freestyle, but in sync with each other. In a matter of several dry run's, the trio has grown confidant. A charming singer being backed by two exceptional dancers could not go wrong. 
"Why does this seem so unfair Michelle?" 
Junior is expressing his appreciation for each of their talents and how everything is working to blow this week's judging out the water. Misty is nowhere near tired when she suggests' ice-cream. 
"Yeah!... And while we're out, let's get some outfits." Junior raved. 
They still had three days until the performance would debut. This week's portion of the competition was shaping out to be a very exciting time for three talented souls.

SHOWTIME
	It's the day of the event. The crowd is restless. Family and friends are seated under the glitz of Hollywood as the contestants make their final preparations. Junior is acclimated to singing in front of people. Michelle is impartial about being seen or being popular. She just wants to dance. Misty [however] is having enough butterflies in her tummy for everybody. This TV network spared no expense to decorate the elaborate facility. As the competitors are in line (getting dolled up to perform), Junior and his half-sized dancers are calm and confident. 
Misty's blonde hair is braided in five thick cornrows that escape the back of her neck to flow elbow length. She's wearing a white halter and blue jeans. The red Tommy Hilfiger boxer briefs she's wearing are fashionably noticeable for matching her solid red NIKE mid-top sneakers. It was Misty's idea that their hair be uniformed, so Michelle's hair is in the same braided style of Misty's. Michelle's choice of attire is white drawstring sweatpants that bag comfortably. Her black tank top is simple, but matches her black mid top sneakers wonderfully.
They have an obvious "leg up" in this competition and it's Junior's celebrity status. He's so sure of his abilities that it's mind boggling. It's much needed confidence for reassuring Misty's nurves. He's called to the stage in front of millions viewing world-wide. The crowd goes wild with the screams of young woman who've already chosen their champion. Michelle and Misty can hear the show's host asking questions and making small talk. In reality he was allowing the girls to take their proper places beyond the curtain. The approved music track was being cued up and the girls were anxious. Junior started singing a teasing intro (just as he practiced) as soon as the music started playing. His voice is professional and accompanied by the screams of a thousand fascinated young girls. It's not as easy as it was in practice to make out what spot in his lyrics Junior is at, so the girls have to focus on the rhythm of the music track for guidance. The curtains start to lifting and the girls were are now exposed to millions of show fans and Junior' supporters. Michelle [being the dancer she is] didn't have to think at all. She simply stood waiting for the thump. Misty is now in a zone thinking along the lines of ‘let's get this over with’ in her mind when the beat thumped. Junior exploded with confidant lyrics that melted the audience. Michelle and Misty struck every step precisely as coordinated. It was a very complicated routine by choice. It's fast past'd and precise because the routine only lasted a short time to showcase their athleticism. Their talent. Their love for dancing. The crowd went crazy. Perhaps amused at obviously why the network would employ such young dancers. These short stature'd [childlike] girls weren't just good... They're really good. Great even. Their routine demanded high energy and was flawlessly executed. Everyone did their part. It seemed like it was over as soon as it started. The music came to an end and the dance experience of their life was over. The show had an obvious favorite. The 30second [on stage] interview followed in front of millions. Junior signaled the girls to return to the stage. They dash next to the proud smile who now towers over both the girls in comparison."
One of the judges asks.
"…And who are your dancers?" 
The cameras zoomed in and the two were officially televised on the big screens. They're now a part of the festivities. The network (fittingly) allowed a minute for them to be introduced. He introduced the two. 
"This is my big sister Michelle [the crowd applauded with high praise], and her best friend Misty."
Two of the four judges mouths opened in disbelief. A judge hushed the crowd and focused on Michelle. 
"Big sister?... As in *older sister? How old are you little one?"
The announcer of the show stretches his microphone towards Michelle's lips as the crowd waited in dead silence compared to the previous roars that dominated the city from this venue. Michelle was attempting to hide her beautiful smile behind her hands before she lowered them. No answer came out of the beautiful bashful talent. Misty forced the microphone in her direction came to her friends' rescue.
"She doesn't talk. We're both 19yrs old." 
The crowd gasped in disbelief. Michelle's energy was so brilliant on stage that she literally captivated the viewers. To think she's suffering from any form of sociologically impairment was inspiring. The both of them (being so talented and looking so young) baffled the world. The judging panel snapped into real time and quickly deliberates on Junior's performance. 
"Great job Junior. Absolutely brilliant." 
As the three turn to leave the stage, the most popular of the judges looks towards the girls and ask one more question.
"Will we be seeing you two again?"
Michelle shrugs the shoulders on her small frame and gave the world the most beautiful smile they'd ever seen. All while the crowd is going hysterical at the mention of seeing these two dance again.
[Meanwhile Backstage]
"I'm so happy, I can't stop smiling. That was crazy. You gals were awesome out there. They loved you." 
Junior celebrates out aloud. He loves his sister. He's also starting to acept that Michelle's bigger purpose is not his own happiness and well-being. As he understands this more; deep down, he wants his adopted sister to be exposed to the world. He has no discontent for sharing Michelle with the world. Junior knows her smile just stole the show. This is a good thing because this world desperately needs her smiling energy. The next time she is near any stage, he also realizes the spotlight would surely be focused on her as much as it shines on him. Junior is a selfless talent that's prepared to love it all the same. 

PURPOSE UNLEASHED
A few weeks [shows] go by without a second opportunity of spotlighting "original music". This is deemed timely because (comparatively) a few contestants have been voted out the running's. Who could complain? Junior is in the number one spot and he knows the next time he had a chance to utilize his own dancers', the girls would have just as many eyes on them as he had on him. Meanwhile; the smiley faced show stopper is continuing to support her brother who's on a selfless road to success. Misty is also enjoying the glam of Hollywood She's inseparable from her B.F.F. Michelle. 
The three are spending a lot of time together in [show provided] designated hotel suites. At this point the two beautiful dancers have been together for years. Misty has become almost telepathic in how accurate she's able to read Michelle's gestures and hand signals. This would've been an evening like any other until Michelle hands Misty a piece of paper. This is odd because (until now) only hand signals and smiles were exchanged from Michelle to Misty. Well,... That and a bunch of laughing and dancing. It's a pre-written statement. Misty reads it analytically. Here's what she writes.
"I have secrets that I can no longer contain. I need to let what's inside me serve a purpose that's more important than my presence."
A smile spread wide on Misty's round face. She's inwardly shocked and thinking to herself {she's writing!}. Instead of express how surprised she was to see Michelle writing, she decided to act more surprised about this SECRET. 
"How long have my you been holding this secret?... This must be something important." 
It was at this time Michelle got up, retrieves Junior and brings him to where the girls are sitting on the oversized bed. He moved her backpack to have a seat. She then signals him to read the paper as well. He read it. Now he and Misty were both looking at each other; stunned. They're waiting on what Michelle would write next. What she might do next. It's obvious she wants to disclose something important. That she desired to let them "in" on something personal to her. Perhaps something she felt they were not ready for just yet. The inward struggle of [SHOULD I?] or [SHOULD I NOT?] was disturbingly obvious. If Michelle decided to hold this in, they wouldn't get this close to it again until Michelle was ready. That could be a long time relative to how little she ever talked or [even] wrote things down. Junior tried to nudge her into a speedy disclosure before she changed his mind.
"Whatever it is, it must be important." [Misty chimes in.]
"I'm gonna' love you no matter what the problem is." 
She's obviously assuming this confession was something shameful. She's prepared to be supportive as she can be. The paper this confessional was pulled out Michelle's pocket. It'd been previously thought over. Now conflicted sweet young lady picks up a pen that's embroidered with the hotel logo. She pulled her medium size notepad from her backpack and begun to write.
"In me are evidences to many truths that must be fully disclosed. In me there are purposeful capacities. My desire is to begin fulfilling my chart with demonstrations in front of you, my beloveds."
Misty was already laughing with excitement and tried to hurry Michelle. 
"Well, don't keep us waiting hot pocket, let it all hang out."
Michelle smiles as she redirects her focus on the paper and continues.
"I host many agreeable functionalities. One of which faculty is a unique sorcery."
"Oh... You mean like a wizard?" - 
"No silly. She obviously means like a witch!"  Misty corrected Junior.
"Actually; my loves, on the premise of your understood definitions, you are both right. It's by the guise of truth that you were both mislead. Wisdom I (most) am. This qualifies me as a wizard. So am I (also) a free-thinking woman. By this definition, I am a witch. Allow me to demonstrate a small application of such sorcery."
At this moment, Misty laughs out loud because she is stunned and doesn't know what else to do. Michelle reaches into her backpack and pulls out a beautiful pink colored quartz. She placed it in her flattened hand [in plain view of her beloveds] and after the room quickly grew dense with an unfamiliar hint of static electricity it happened. !!!~POOOF~!!!. The quartz dematerialized in a small concentrated flare of magnificent light. Michelle's hand never closed nor did it ever move. There was absolutely no trick caused by some sort of illusion. It simply happened. After a realization that something cool just happened both Junior and Misty were amazed but not faint. Whatever just took place was not just observed, it was felt deep in the bowls of our higher selves. They laughed aloud and ask Michelle to do it again. She points to her bag and signals Junior to retrieve something else. He stuck his hand in and pulled out the first thing his hand felt around for. It was another stone. A large emerald. He places the stone on the flat of Michelle's hand and !!!~POOOF~!!! A blinding white light flashed where the stone laid on her hand. It too disappeared.
"Oh my god that is so freakin' cool. Hold on I got an idea!" Misty blurts out in a single breath. 
She jumps up and leaves Junior where they gathered on the bed. It caused him to snap out of his confused pause. He joltes into his own attentiveness with a question.
"Where'd they disappear to?"
 Michelle placed her hand over her heart. 
"In you?" Junior asks.
[Michelle smiles.] 
When Misty returns, she has a small camcorder. Michelle burst into a loud laugh. She found it amusing how practical Misty was thinking at this time of impracticality. The beautiful caramel eyed smile'stress has a better idea. She wandered off into the kitchenette and filled a paper cup with water. She then brings it back to the bed and showed them the water. 
"Ok." 
Junior is too amused to be his normal self. Michelle slowly begins to turn the cup sideways until it's upside down. The water inside did not comply with gravity to exit the cup. It was being somehow manipulated to live inside the cup. Misty was so amazed that she forgot to point the camcorder, aim it and trigger the record button. The cup returned to the position that made gravitational sense before Michelle brought the cup to her lips and drank the water. She immediately grabs the pen and breaks the silence to write this response.
"I was thirsty." 
All three laughed loud because it was Michelle [this time] who succeeded at being disturbingly casual after something obviously magical has taken place. There was a sense of relief now in Michelle's smile. In this hotel room something big has started and these three knew it. They're slaves to it merely by default of being curious about it. It's Junior's turn to say or do something NORMAL. 
"So how'd you do that Sis'? What else can you do that would shock mom and dad?" 
It was a simple question that required a very complex answer. Michelle turned to a blank page. She grabs the pen and begins writing.
"It's just as difficult to write in this tongue as it is to think in it. I will attempt to explain what my mind is trying to convey. If what I write becomes unclear to you this day, instead love the truth that someday it will be clear to you."
She looks up at them to confirm they've understood this. They're paying attention as Michelle continues.
"This work (and greater works) can be made to manifest materially through internalizing that you are a fraction of all that is; even thoughts that also exist elsewhere. Physics governed by *All is governed by you that dwell in *All."
At this time Michelle cut herself off. She stopped herself from writing more. It was obvious she was only getting started with the thought she's writing.
"So.... How do I do what you just did sis'?" 
Michelle smiles as beautiful as she'd written. She continues to write.
"Time will come when you internalize the instructions. But now the instructions hide from this tongue."
Michelle changes the direction of the dialog.
"The labor of expediting a great eventuality is now needed. For this reason I understand my charted purpose. To love this realm so; that I lovingly give evidences of such governed principles; works and limitless capacities through demonstration. What greater mishaps are persons that confusedly believes partially; when fully knowing is optional. The latter is truly the path of easier access to these greater works and realms that hide from this limited band of light."
It's at precisely this moment Junior had a great revelation fall upon him as though he was slapped with a brick.
"This talent show is on the world stage! Oh... My... God. This is all divine purpose. It's so obvious." 
Michelle smiles at both of them because she'd already gotten this revelation the moment she heard Junior singing. It was only confirmed when he expressed enthusiasm for auditioning for the show. Michelle had already caught this premonition and charted that he'd progress onto to the world live stage. 
"So what else will you do? Anything planned?" 
The ever-so-clever Michelle answered Misty saying_
"The next time the opportunity allows for a public demonstration, wisdom will know which will be most effective."

Author's Hypothetical Thought:
Charts or "the path of one's life," may or may not be static. 
I personally contend that charts systematically intermingle with other charts all the time. The events in someone's life (from the choices they've made)  might force another individuals life events in one direction. At other times a chart could be so weak that it may result in "chart dissemination". Think of "an individual life" as a blood vessel in the cardiovascular system. Most vessels are thin and easily rearranged while veins are strong and demand their path of existence "life's happenstance". When a vessel (or chart) is too thin and resides close to a strong vein (greater purpose), the thinnest routes of blood flow may suddenly cease to operate as a separate entity and the blood flow it supported joins the stronger surrounding veins that flow sternly. In this world we would call this "to die". Perhaps we never really die at all. Perhaps instead we disseminate our chart (purpose  or life events) while remnants of the path we were on, remain with us after disseminating (death)? Remnants like the memories of relationships and events that caused our energy to inwardly vibrate higher than all things manifested. Perhaps these memories are what define us cosmologically and without physicality's. This would mean that we are not "us" at all. We would have to be made up of the vibrations we experienced. The memories and imprinted emotions that define us individuality amongst the vastness of a cosmic plasma. Perhaps.
Chapter 12   THE PREP. TALK
The talent show dwindled down to just three very excited and talented contestants. The judges teased the syndicated live audience that there was talk going on about another opportunity of allowing contestants to showcase original content. Word spread fast. The network guru's had remembered Junior's half-sized big sister from the earlier weeks. It seems as though Michelle has generated a public interest and her return was anticipated by millions of viewers. At this point it's unofficial, but the caramel-eyed cutie with the smile of pure adorability' has justsuccessfully danced and smiles her way into the hearts of her own fans. And it only took one single appearance. That episode generated so much buzz on the internet that it's only a matter of time before these pint-sized dancers were demanded back on stage. Besides; she's the sister of the front-running contestant: his half sized bigger sister. The decision was made. The three contestants that remained are made aware that a second opportunity (to bring original tracks) is their option for next week's performances. Oh, the excitement. The commercials on television were doing their part to ramp up the decision. Meanwhile, Junior, his small BIG sister Michelle and Misty are already in preparation for their performance. Junior has sang ballets the last two weeks, so the time was fitting. It's the morning after the announcement and Junior is waking up to see the girls sitting at the small table. They were in pajamas playing UNO. 
"We were waiting for you to wake up so we can get breakfast together."
Junior isn't paying Misty any attention. He woke up with one thought on his mind.
"OK. Girls, this is it. We know [DANCE FOR ME] is the instrumental track we're performing to. I edited it yesterday for the new [slightly longer] approved length-of-time. That's done. However, I did take the liberty of re-writing the lyrics. I had to for this occasion. It just seemed right to do so. The song is now titled [DANCE MAGIC]. I can't wait for y'all to hear it. All we'll have left to do is take it to our three-star practice stage and work out the kinks. The sooner we're confident about this routine, the sooner we can hit the mall for outfitting." 
Junior is sarcastically eluding to the lower level parking basement that is far from luxurious. It obviously didn't have a wall mirror to utilize for dance choreography, but the routines are so short that it sufficed. Besides, the basement gave them a much more valued sense of privacy. The plans and purpose of this particular performance needs this luxury over anything else. Midday the lower lot was cool and half empty. Occasionally a vehicle would enter or exit the "one way in/one way out" parking basement, but the team used the echoing mechanics of the elevator or lifting of the garage access beam as queue's. It became their excuse for a routine reset. The inconvenience became a substance: a small ambience added to the environment of practice. The occasional interruption was no longer an inconvenience at all. Practice goes on until just after lunch. The routine was being memorized all the way through. Every lyric; every step. Two days and one night did well for all of their full confidence. It's now only three days before Showtime. But there was an aspect missing. The disclosure aspect. The evidence of something miraculously taking place in little Michelle's higher consciousness. They all decide to play UNO together on the night before the performance. It was a great reason to avoid the nervous hallways of the building where they'd occasionally run into nervous contestants. Even though there's only two other contestants who fail to fill the hallways with high anxiety, card and board games are still routine.
"So what about that miracle you said you'd deliver during your next live stage appearance? That'd be after the routine, right?" Misty asks Michelle.
"Yeah... that'd be an explosive ending. What do you have in mind Sis.?" Junior added.
The smiley, jovial young lady still did not write much. It's rare, but not as rare as she says "yes" or "no" with her voice. The probability of Michelle verbally communicating is currently estimated to be about 97% of never. All she ever really did to communicate [still] was gesture or smile. Even writing only happened months in between each occurrence. When it did, it had its own way of affecting the readers in the room as if it (itself) was a miracle being demonstrated. Michelle got up and retrieved the notepad from her backpack. She sat back on her seat and poised a green colored pencil to write. Junior and Misty stood straddling Michelle. They're positioned slightly over her shoulders and ready to read as she writes. The small beauty [seemingly] switched concentrations before she started writing.
"Masses of people will be watching attentively. Their focus will be our facility. Our first mission is to love performing. Our second thought should be no thought at all. Complete awareness is all that will be necessary. Be aware of the awareness being aware. This is important. Our minds have to be clear and our intentions must be blameless. For this -- before we perform we will breath with meditation together. After such; the evidence that requires my labor will be at its maximized effectiveness. No matter what, continue dancing the routine we've practiced."
Michelle than looks upwards to meet each of their eyes for confirmation. They confirmed one at a time. Michelle continues.
"As a notice of action to you beloveds, my loving intention for the cause of expediting the eventuality of this realm - will be to defy the current laws of physics during this live performance. I shall break these current laws using something very dear to us all. Your minds need stay focused. Ultimately, your capacity to be carnally manipulated will be serving a much greater *Will than anything yourselves desire."
As Michelle looks at their faces, she could tell that she needed to simplify all this. She needed to purge the obvious confusion and pressure.
"JUST PERFORM AS PRACTICED AND DON'T RESIST WHATHAPPENS. I ASSURE YOUR SAFETY. ALLOW IT TO HAPPEN."
Patricia and her hubby (Kevin) arrive into the city a few weeks ago. They heard about the performance that rocked the world of dance and recently watched the recording in their rooms of the dancing duo backing up Junior's selection. They themselves were only two of the millions waiting to see these two dance again. This was that moment.  The crowd is frantic. They had a premonition that the girls would make their second appearance. The lights are everything that Hollywood star-power is typical for representing. Patricia and Kevin are sitting just behind the celebrity judges who sit mesmerized by the crowd's anticipation. 
"Is our son a celebrity honey?"
"I guess he is babe'. He's a good boy and he's been through so much. He deserves this."
"Yes, he sure has. And yes, he sure does honey."
As a short introduction video of Junior's journey (through his earlier auditions) is being presented, Junior stands just behind the curtains beneath the projection. Misty is staged out of sight on one side of the stage wearing a camouflage colored blazer blouse with a simple black under shirt. Her raw denim pants sag to overwhelm her beige high top sneakers. Michelle is out of sight on the other side of the stage. The free fall (untamed) style of Michelle's hair reveals her natural wave pattern. She's wearing a camouflage colored t-shirt under a white vest. Her khaki cargo pants are relaxed and flood her white mid-top sneakers. Collectively, the girls' look is comfortable, urban and patriotic all at once.
They know their cue to run in and start performing what they'd practiced. The vibrations in the arena are undisputedly the most vibrant. As the video faded away, the intro to the music track starts. 
[The announcer]
"I give you your RnB heartthrob: Junior_" 
And it began. The curtains raised slowly exposing Juniors feet first. He's already singing and the curtains are not yet completely out of his way. The crowd is out of control. The energy is mind boggling. The screams are as if the performer was a living legend. The audience is making it hard to hear Junior. No one is sitting down at this moment. It's a dance song, so of course the amateur dancers in the audience had justification to dance themselves happy. The lyric queue that Michelle and Misty were waiting for has come. Amidst great cheering and excitement, the girls dance onto the stage and into formation. The audience goes absolutely bonkers in appreciation for the direction this performance had taken. The routine is pleasantly polished. The steps are being performed extraordinarily crisp and professionally choreographed.

THIS ISN'T POSSIBLE
Misty and Junior had already been given specific instructions not to stop performing. NO MATTER WHAT and forewarned that their safety was not going to be compromised. They have no idea they're about to become the spectacle -- a piece of the impossible. Just as the half mark of the routine approached, it happened. All three of the performers start to slowly rise, floating upwards to levitate off the stage floor. It's not so obvious to the whole assembly at first because they're only about 4 inches' off the stage. At this point, there's still cheering going on from the back of the auditorium. Junior, As Michelle and Misty continue to ascend into higher heights, everybody took notice. All the screams from the spectators turned into gasps and the dancing audience members have dwindled out. All three performers are now floating 4 feet off the stage and have started traveling directly over the judges. 
"This is unexpected. There must be some kind of invisible hoist!" 
One of the judges spoke as if he knew it had to be something explainable. It was at a low volume, but loud enough against the deafening silence. These talented performers still haven't stopped performing. It's as if the three of them haven't left the surface of the stage under their six feet. The dance moves that require a floor were still being executed. Their feet are somehow pushing off the air for jumps and controlled movement. It's an amazing sight. Even Junior is still walking around the entire space of the stage -- like any professional performer would. Only there was no stage to be walking on. All three are still in formation, but Junior (at his position) has completely flown over the judges heads. The fans are in awe of this and their breathing has been compromised. No is one knowing how to react or appreciate this. Most stand silently with most their hands covering most their opened mouths. The judges are still motionless. Only their eyes are granted the liberty of movement. Their heads are now facing straight up to see the routine play out above them. Junior, Michelle and Misty are in the magic of flight. But not any flight, but flight with (apparently) an invisible stage underneath them. As the routine neared its end; all three gained speed (still holding their formation) and started swooping close over the heads of astonished fans. One thing is obvious here. Whatever is at work here didn't desire to leave any room for skepticism about its miraculous origins. This is a live recording and fans across the world estimated that this was "movie magic". Seeing this happen unfold on the TV screen was nothing like the hair-standing energy the audience had to endure. The music has already stopped with Junior, Michelle and Misty were holding their rehearsed pose for the (estimated) crowd's reaction, but the only reaction in this place are no actions at all. Disbelief. The three are still sweeping over the ocean of upward gazing faces when Junior and his dancers finally flew back to the stage. Their speed slowed to levitate towards center stage and stopped to a hover. A final descent of 5 feet gave them contact with the stage surface. Two and a half minutes after the music had already stopped, their gravitational orientation now made sense to modern physics. Oh, but Michelle was nowhere near finished wowing the crowd. As the three proud performers start joining hands to take a final bow, Michelle starts spinning in place. At first the spin was a normal display that resembled any spin. It's when the spin was expected to slow down that Michelle's spin sped up to a speed unimaginable. Misty and Junior are standing just off to her sides [themselves] in tearful amazement. The bright-eyed smiley face was spinning so fast that she's now a column of colorful blurs. The spinning blur start [again] to levitate off the stage like they had done before, but it was also at this moment the blur'd, spinning colors that is now the silouette of Michelle turned totally white. The white light grew smaller and smaller until it totally disappeared. It had vanished about six feet off the stage. Misty couldn't take it no more and collapsed. Junior managed to catch her before she hit the stage.... Nope, this isn't over yet. !!!BOOM!!! A brilliant white light flashes center stage in front of live cameras and Michelle appeared standing center stage with what looks like a huge falcon. A much older ancestor of what is now known to be a falcon. A much older ancestor of what is now known to be a falcon. No one present in the building has anyway of knowing that this species of falcon has been extinct for many centuries. Its wingspan is vast. It's Michelle's smile confirming to everyone that she's in total control. Wow. The whole auditorium [still stunned] waited silently for any queue. Something to let them know it's o.k. to  applaud or cheer. They finally got that queue when the on stage announcer was the first to display movement. He passed out and collapsed to the floor of the stage. Small patches of panic and gasps start sounding from all levels of the vast  auditorium. The panics are in direct reactions of people who were standing directly next to someone who has also passed out. Some collapsing into their seats; others collapsing in unsafe manners. Michelle motioned her hand to follow her and Misty (now with tears in her eyes) called out to Junior a short ways in front of the dancers. The three calmly walked off stage with no regard for judges' reactions or the announcers routine "send off". Half hearted claps and conversation filled the auditorium without the presence of their stars. The world had no idea what questions to ask. But that didn't stop them from wanting answers. Backstage Michelle is looking at Junior and Misty with a smile of satisfied accomplishment. She applauded. They're happy to join her applause with applause of their own. Michelle was not appreciating their performances. She's appreciating this moment. She's allowing the three of them to privately appreciate its purpose. The TV network cut to commercial and producers went looking for the three talents. They approached. 
"Wait!... Wait. We still have to judge you and follow the show format. Please. Come back and we'll all sit and talk later about whatever you might want to' discuss." 
It's agreed upon that they'd stay in the sectioned off room where no show filming was allowed. Junior (on the other hand) was feeding himself to the questioning and praise from the judges. Or so he thought. For some reason the onstage interview was quite brief. They're surprisingly all about the singing and delivery of Juniors part. They seem to intentionally ignore the fact that something big just happened. The show was down to only two contestants. This is a very exciting time for this nation and the world. The world wide web is full of social media content with exclusive live feeds and feedback. The stars all returned to their designated hotel rooms for rest and relaxation. This competition was far from over. Back at the hotel suite Misty is (understandably) still perplexed and raving about flying.
"I can't believe that just happened. I was flying over people's heads and I didn't freak-out half as much as I'm trippin' now. Oh my god. I'm still shaking."
"I know right? I'm still shaking too. I've been shivering since we left the stage. I can't stop. What the heck happened back there?"
Michelle came to the rescue – Almost.
"It's just as difficult to write in this tongue as it is to think in it. I will attempt to explain what my mind is trying to convey. If what I write becomes unclear to you this night, instead love the truth that some night it will be clear to you."
Junior and Misty have heard this prelude before. They look at each other; knowing that something BIGGER THAN THEM was about to be expressed. Or at least It was going to try to express itself through (apparently) their limited diction.
"The vibrancy you are experiencing is a consequence to your manifested (body's) being controlled externally centripetally. When a capable initiate escorts you into higher frequencies (even briefly), your higher self has a love affair with forces your flesh is not familiar with. When I activate the "I AM ALL" consciousness, it is the ability to take control of you both -- who are also extensions of the *ALL that is. We are all connected. My *WILL to be your centripetal force manifested and took control of your movements, velocities, frequencies and awareness. This is how you did not panic. This is how I ensured your parts of the performance to play out safely and effectively. Your allotted aspect of *ALL is constantly reaching and trying to connect to something greater than the flesh that contains it. When I filled the gap between you and *Source (which is *ALL), your spiritual energies briefly became whole. Your flesh cannot handle the forces containing purity that wholeness requires. Now that you've departed from it -- from wholeness back into partiality, this causes your flesh to spasm." 
Misty and Junior (understandably) expressed a bit of confusion in their facial expressions. Michelle wisely utilized discernment and chose her next words to be more simplistic and stress resolving.
She smiles invitingly before she writes.
"Feels good doesn't it?"
After she wrote this, she looks up and in the direction of her two beloveds. She intentionally hiked her eyebrows upward than-downward repeatedly. The room instantly filled with the joy of laughing. The joy of being a part of something meaningful. The joy of life. Michelle was insinuating a confidentiality between them was necessary to enjoy the sentiment of "feeling good". Evidently she's as every bit of a mischief as she is a stellar gift. Comic relief in the midst of this most serious journey felt good. On the television, the news channels were replaying some interviews that apparently happened after the show.

[News Reporter] 
"This is Katie Holmes for K.M.T.77 Live News at seven here live with Shakeisha from the Watts. What exactly did you see in there Shakeisha?" 
[Shakeisha] 
"Oh my god, they're literally floating off the stage....like flying. I was lookin' around for the string pullers until they hovered over the judges. That was crazy. I'm still in shock. They have to tell us how they did that!"
[News Reporter] 
"Wow... And maybe they'll share their secret. Thank you Shakeisha."
The reporter abruptly stops a group of people walking in front of the theatre.
[News Reporter] 
"You saw the show tonight didn't you?"
[Tiffany] "Yes, I did."
[News Reporter] "Who's your favorite?"
[Tiffany] "Was all that real? I didn't see any strings. I'm still confused. Those girls that were dancing are hot. Junior got big backup. That was crazy as hell."
[News Reporter] "Do you believe in magic?"
[Tiffany and group] "We do now!"
      Katie stops another patron that's excited'ly coming out of the theatre.
[News Reporter] "Can I ask you a few questions Sir? What's your name?" 
[Steven] "Steven and I have to say, oh-my-gaawwd'!"
[News Reporter] "Hi Steven. You obviously enjoyed the show tonight?"
[Steven] "Yes, I did. Man-oh-man. That was somethin' else. I don't even believe in magic. But when they started floating..., I,... I was beside myself. This years' talent show went all out. Bravo."
[News Reporter] "Well, there you have it. This is Katie Holmes for K.M.T.77 News at seven signing off."

The talent show has been narrowed down to two deserving contestants. Sherry was the 3rd along Junior and Tonisha. Sherry was the third talent who stood between Junior and Tonisha. She's also the last to be forced to enjoy the finally from the "voted off" seating of the venue. Meanwhile, Tonisha has logged into her online space (after the final two were announced), where she finds her friend that was recently dismissed from the talent competition. 

"Sherry, I'm am so sorry you got booted off the show last night. I cried so hard on stage. It happened so fast, I didn't get to say goodbye. The celebratory after party was torture without you, but I had to be there. By the time the after party was over, I went back to the rooms to see you and seen that you and your things were gone. I cried until the sun came up. You're not answering your cell phone. Please log in and get this message. Text me. Girl, it's been a long ride. I never thought I'd make it past the preliminary rounds. Check me out. This whole thing has been a crazy dream. If I win, I'll be able to travel like the stars do. I'd be a star. Holy crap. Me, a celebrity! This is crazy. Other contestants that I thought would shine brighter than me have been voted off.  I wasn't prepared to see you leave the competition. Hey!!! I think we still get to tour together. So I'll see you again. We're both going to be stars. I think Junior is gonna' win the finally. He's so nice with his vocals. So smooth. I don't mind. Any man that can make a crowd of girls cry with his voice has to be talented. Hell, I've never made a group of guys cry with my voice. Lol. Junior made you cry too. Remember? Lol. OMG we were both crying. I'm pretty sure I'm his number one fan. He's sexy. He's got swag. The good kind of swag. I'm still dreaming about him. He is so delicious and sincere. You told me I should talk to him, but who isn't talking to him? I don't wanna' be another groupie. I don't know. He did give me a wink at the party. I was too hurt about you leaving to wink back, but I tried to give him a smile. Anyways. Enough about him. I miss you already girl. OMG I gained thousands of followers on my page LOL. Crazy. I'm gonna' get some sleep now. When you log in and see this, I know you'll be smiling. See you soon. 143."
/ Tonisha

Chapter 13   BIGGER THAN US
It's well after the show before the network producers stopped harassing the three beloveds with interrogating questions. These were the first people denied any specifics about what transpired. Both  Junior and Misty are obeying Michelle's request that they not speak on things they didn't understand. She had instructed both of her comrades to literally emulate her capacity for silence (when asked about the show). And since that had to do with not talking, she's being playfully firm in her request. Michelle wrote out instructions for them.
"Dearly beloveds, There will be many questions in the months coming concerning the details of which neither of you are qualified to explain yet. Even this tongue is not distastefully qualified. Please only testify to how this experience and future feats will be making you feel. Give notice that there will be greater feats coming from the love and concern of a selfless laborer. Your beloved."
This request would be fulfilled easy because both Junior and Misty are oblivious to the details of how all this was working. Besides, a pure essence as strong as Michelle's had a way of diluting any selfish thought claiming to be the cause or effect of such works. Their ego's were subservient to the purity of Michelle's presence.  
Three days have gone by. The last episode of the talent show is being hailed as "The Hollywood Heights". Around this time a newly syndicated talk show is growing popular. It's hosted by an interesting gentleman who calls himself "Sa Neter". The proud (and slightly controversial) Kemet protagonist made contact with Junior and asked if he'd please delight the self-titled Sa Neter Show audience with a visit and performance. Years earler, The Sa Neter Show was made popular for its online debates (years earlier). It was [then] a studio dedicated to being a platform for young debating scholars. Sa Neter always welcomed debaters who specialized in either ancient and/or modern dispensations. Its platform adhered to philosophies such as geopolitics, spirituality, world history, theology, mythology, physics, sociological constructs, economic remedy and much more. The online hosted studio was where academic specialists freely delivered a wide spectrum of information, viewpoints and perspectives. Now, "The Sa Neter Show" is a successful supporter-funded global information hub whom many minds owed their knowledge of "self" and consciousness' to. Sa Neter has proven to be a real need for the conscious community hungry for unbiased debates. Sa Neter reaches Junior [by telephone] and asks if he (and his sister) would be guests on his show. He explains how this would be different than what was particularly standard format for this show.
"I'd be honored to have you stop by my show and address the world. Millions love your music and support you brotha'. I'm sure they'd enjoy hearing from you unscripted. Not to mention that big sister of yours. So many people want to get a more personal look at her. Michelle would be allowed to do as she pleased. She's a doll and this world needs a doll to hug on these days."
The host (of the syndicated, independently-sponsored show has no idea who Michelle is or what her capacities entail. However, he did watch the event unfold on live TV. It's also clear that at this point, any show that would host Michelle and Junior would generate huge ratings. Which syndicated stage deserved to climb to the top of the ratings? Which show had an audience poised with open minds? Which host could dutifully facilitate the ushering in of an epoch? These may or may not be apart of Michelle's reasoning, but very important questions.
Sa Neter continues.
"My shows are pre-recorded, but if you agree to address the world from my stage, I'll run it as a live and exclusive. Does this sound like something you'd be interested in?"
Junior is excited to answer emphatically. 
"Yes of course, but I'll need to ask my sister. I'm unofficially deeming her to be my event coordinator slash public relations advisor now.
Sa Neter's laugh preceded his response: "No problem." 
How could he not be pleased? All that's left is the affirmation and scheduling details. The buzz surrounding the talent show's front runner is far from over. Meanwhile, he [himself] is asking Michelle and Misty if the Sa Neter show is something they'd be interested in. The heartwarming smile of Michelle told Junior all he needed to know. She didn't have to think about the proposal. It was allowed to happen as if it had to happen. As if she expected Sa Neter' to contact Junior. While the others are asleep, Michelle meditates over a piece of paper. On it she'd written with her emerald colored pencil.
"Congratulations Mr. Sa Neter. Your chart has met its main path. Well done Soul."
Junior would wake up the next morning, contact The Sa Neter Show and deliver the great news.

MEET TONISHA COLEMAN
The final showdown between the last competitors is in preparation. The network has only weeks to outfit the popular venue projected to be the center of world focus. Junior and Tonisha are scheduled to perform like it's "all or nothing". Who exactly is Junior up against? Where is she from? She obviously has the momentum of a rising star. News channels and blogs are wanting to know just as much about her as they've dived into Junior's background.
Tonisha Coleman is a gorgeous chestnut colored, African-Americanized young woman. She was raised in Clarksville, Tennessee and brought up in a loving family. Her smile features pearly white teeth that are perfectly aligned beneath her soft pink lips. Anyone could admit (confidently) that her smile is ridiculously talented all by itself. Tonisha stands 5 feet 9 inches tall and weighs 125 petite pounds. Her hair is styled with synthetic braids that extend past her elbows and colored to meticulously match the color of her caramel complexion. More interesting is how her braids are typically braided. From her scalp to [roughly] 75% down, its length is braided. The remaining 25% of its length (to the tips) are often left unbraided. This is her preferred choice of hair styling and accomplished by her own patience and talented hands. All throughout this competition, her mother (Yolanda), and her little brother James have been her main faithful source of motivational support. At times, it's been difficult to distinguish who Tonisha was making more proud, her mother or the sleuth of Clarksville residents that consistently show up to support her. This talented 17 year old has come a long way to deserve the smile she wears. The sense of accomplishment she harbors is being well earned. Tonisha has a strong resemblance to an (already) accomplished, established and renown celebrity named Keyonc'e. Keyonc'e broke off from a girl band and has successfully produced 4 solo albums. She's been featured in a dozen of her own music videos' and has made a presence for herself all around the world. Online gossip forums have long been speculating about how Tonisha's similarities to the famous starlet is being weighed as a contractual risk. Fascinating online arguments are using this premise to support how Junior will "more than likely" be the victor of this competition.
Tonisha is spending some time (allotted for her rest) roving the ambience of a crowded mall. She's wearing a custom one piece sleeved dress. This particular dress shimmers with a two-toned duality of a brown base surfaced with gold. It's a gorgeous dress with a plunging cut that reveals her cleavage boldly. Although the sound of clanking footsteps hint that she's wearing some type of high heels, the flow of the dress reaches the floor. One could only assume what heels she'd chosen to accommodate her dazzling diva look. With a gold hand bag in one hand and her cellular device in the other, she's listening to her (equally as beautiful) mother give her a bit of advice.
"Don't worry about it Wee'wee. You can't let someone's opinion steal your focus. You've already claimed so many victories in this show. I'm challenging you to have fun with it now. Stop going online for a few days and enjoy the experience for yourself. Ta'hell with your haters'. Your fans wanna' see you smiling. Alright?"
"That's what I'll do. You are so right. That's exactly what I'll do. Everybody needs haters'."

It's the next evening and Tonisha is purposely seeking to "bump" into Junior. She did.
"Oh my gosh! What's up man?!! Congratulations. Somehow I knew It'd come down to me and you. Everyone knew it."
"Congrats to you too Tonisha. Honestly; I see us both as winners at this point. From this point on, lets' try not to see this as a competition anymore. I propose that our last performances are in the spirit of celebration. We're friends and we've already won. What do'ya say?..." 
"I can do that. That's wassup. Matter of fact; I'm wide awoke and I'm hungry. You wanna' sneak away from this celebration to get some pancakes across the street?"
"It's like you're reading my mind Tonisha. I've been thinking about their blueberry syrup for eons now. Let's do it."
As the two achievers enjoy their late night breakfasts' at the 24hr dinner, they share small talk about how they're missing the past participants who have been voted off the stage and elected to watch the final show from an allocated seating area. 
"They were'nt just contestants, they're our friends." 
This is the sentiment they smiled to agree on. After their appetite's were satisfied with blueberry syrup, Junior and Tonisha scurried off to their individual destinations knowing they're more than competitors. They're friends. Two talented people with bright futures and respect for each other.



Chapter 14   THE SA' NETER SHOW
The final showdown is set. The country is on the edge of their living room seats. A winner is scheduled to be announced after breakthrough performances. Until then, there's plenty of time for leisure visits with family, news networks and late night TV show interviews. As the world waits in suspense, any network that wasn't talking about the TV talent show did not exist. The people were after the "inside scoop". Who is this young one that doesn't speak? How is she the front-runner's bigger sister? Junior has a darker complexion than Michelle who has a very light and fair-skinned, non sun kissed tone. One thing is surely certain, the talent show had three front runners. Both junior and his back-up dancers. Michelle and her best' Misty made the world fall in love with dance, although the floating trick was still unexplained to the public (at this point). This was still a huge buzz understandably. Meanwhile, The Sa Neter Show was making headlines about having Junior and the girls on. The rumor turned into hype. The hype turned into "a must see". There was no practicing or rehearsing for this appearance. This was scheduled to be all live and all natural. Two weeks out from the results episode, there's another competition heating up the circuit desperately trying to contact Michelle and her best friend Misty. A representative reaches Misty backstage of the Sa Neter Show and handed her a card. Not much was said in this hand-off, but the card had a logo of a dancer on it so Misty tucked it away in her pocket for later.
[Sa Neter Show airs live]
"You're one in 3,... 2,... 1,... Welcome to the Sa Neter Show. Today is a very special live exclusive episode. Today we have one of the talent show's final two competitors. Junior is with us today.
[The live studio audience cheers and applauds]. 
Sa Neter introduces his guest.
[Sa Neter] "Our guest today has made it to the last ten spots in the biggest talent contest in the world. He then went on to survive into the last five. Now; thanks to your support, he's in the main event and can win the famous competition. Give it up for your RnB front-runner_Junior."
Junior enters from off stage and has a seat next to Sa Neter.
[Sa Neter] "Thank you for being here."
[Junior] "It's my pleasure brotha'."
[Sa Neter] "You are the obvious front-runner in the most decorated competition today. What has been your secret to success thus far?" 
[Junior] "No secret at all. I practice hard. I relate to my fans and I have family support. 
[Sa Neter] "I'm sure you have at least several fans here that'd love to hear you sing a little 	somethin'somethin. Can we get somethin'?"
The audience is screaming as Junior stands to his feet. He adjusts the microphone to his mouth and addresses his anxious fans. 
 [Junior] "I've been having something on my heart."
The audio track begins with a balled peace. It's emotional (all by it self) and calms the crowd. Junior begun to sing.

"The greatest love of all,
Can give it all away,
It's not consumed for being right,
Being wrong's a temporary stay.

    A love to see a stranger smile,
    That offers compliments each day,
    A contagious love -- that's what I am,
    Is worth much more than fame.

        When I say I love you, it's more than physical,
        When I say I love you, it's more that typical,
        It crosses sands and swims the sea,
        Far more complexed than the love you've seen..

            The greatest love; the greatest love,
            Is how I love; it's how I love,
            Thee."
	
Junior is almost overcome with emotions by the conclusion of the short performance. With soul-drenched lyrics and tears in his eyes, only he could know what (or who) he was singing about. What was this sensitive soloist thinking about that caused him to be so wrapped up in his lyrics? Michelle stands up and goes to deliver a hug to Junior. Perhaps she knows? One thing is certain. Listening to a talent singer is one thing, but in this case, everyone in the studio felt Juniors heart.
The audience all smile seeing Michelle hug Junior. Perhaps they're all wishing it was them offering the talent a quick comfort. They applaud to appreciate his performance that turned into an experience. This kind of DISPLAY of HEART that's been helping to propel Junior to the top.
[Sa Neter]  "Awe man. You got me teary over here Junior. That's talent. Damn that was deep. Ok, aight . Let's welcome Michelle and her friend Misty who's here as well. Come on out Misty."
Misty steps into view wearing a blue jean jacket over a dark grey HOLISTER CALIFORNIA shirt. Her relaxed blue jeans reach and smuther a fresh pair of dark grey AIR Jordan sneakers. Her backpack is dark grey and made of 100% wool. It fairs perfectly with her under shirt and shoes. Misty waves to the -- still -- emotional live audience that's almost completely recovered from Juniors heart-felt lyrics. She takes a seat. Michelle is already on the stage and settles into the seat next to Junior. She's wearing her teddy backpack as usual. It's a teddy bear that's fabricated to look less like a pack and more like a bear on her back. It's cute and good fun. It has a way of making Michelle look a lot younger than she already looks. A nineteen year old that looks like a small fourteen year old is serving to surprise the studio audience and is provoking reactions. The backpack she's wearing is one of several that she's loved for years as her main accessory. Everything else she has on is casual, comfortable and nothing special. No special outfit or make-up. Just a white T-shirt and green jogging pants that she preferred to wear during dance practice. It's comfy. Her attire never outfitted her ego. Michelle has yet to realize that a little ego is practicle for a young woman her age.  Instead; she's still a very shy, sensitive spirit that's covering her face to hide her eyes from the audience. She's very child-like and sensitive to loud commotion.  Michelle never told anyone how loud noises made her feel uncomfortable. The vibrations of unknown abruptions often startled her. Mainly because of how it interrupted the constant traffic of information flowing in and out of her psychosis. Misty has taken her seat while Michelle reaches Sa Neter and greets him with a big hug. 
"You're a short lil' thang' are you? Can I call you SHORTY sweetheart?" Sa Neter asked with a smile.
Michelle stood and wrapped her arms around the popular host. She's never met a stranger. She looks straight up at Sa' with her chin in his lower chest and smiles. She likes the nickname Shorty'. 
Sa Neter continues. 
"Now I gotta' say, I'm feeling something resonating from you that I've never felt before. Um... I'm uhhhh...." 
To the surprise of his own staff Sa Neter is getting emotional. He's struggling to keep his composure on live TV. He pauses and gathers himself.
Misty chimes in. 
"She has that effect. Even when my family met her -- they broke down too. We can't explain it Sa', so don't feel bad. Just go with it." [She laughs]
 "Yeah. Even in the house, we still feel {IT} from time to time. Especially when she's been gone for several hours. When she comes back, being around her is unexplainable." Junior claimed as he changes direction.
"What I wanna' do now is allow my big sister to have the floor Sa Neter."
"Sure. However you wanna' work it is cool with me."
Michelle walks back onto the stage and opts to sit next to him. Small talk ensues onstage while Michelle focuses on the audience. Her examining eyes bounce from one face to another. What is she scanning for? The show goes into its last half hour with a performance. Everyone in the building is now on their feet. The three perform the song they had performed at the show. No problem. As the song wrapped up, the three hit the last pose. The audience claps and gives praising cheers when all-of-sudden, Michelle starts spinning where she stood. The spin gained speed into impossible speeds. The g-forces would've killed anyone else. The live studio audience hush's to a silence. Michelle is still executing an unearthly spin that's demanding everyone's attention. This was no ordinary spin. No one in the world could spin that fast, that long. The balance alone was not humanly possible. Mouths are covered as they all watch for her to stop, but she didn't. The colors that began to spend started turning into a pink color. The details couldn't possibly be sorted out because the speed-of-spin made this color obvious change appear as a spinning blur. When she slowed down to a stop, the shy, wide-eyed 19yr old (that looks more like a 14yr old) was no longer standing there. Instead stood a statue of her made out of the most beautiful pink quartz anyone had ever seen.
"Oh my gosh..."
Misty is smart enough to take a knee on stage just in case she passed out. Junior was not so in control of his wisdom. He collapsed where he stood. Seeing this from his sister caused him to stop breathing. Sa Neter has his mouth wide open and the live studio audience is gasping for answers. But that isn't it.  !!!POOF!!! The quartz breaks in a sudden crash and all the pieces tumbled to the small stage. The live band that's situated to the left side if Sa Neter's stage, stood up on their feet before the pieces of rose quartz settled on the stage. They (along with everybody) stood studying the ruins as if they're scheduled to rise and reassemble. They did not. Michelle was gone. The skeptics in the audience barely held their ground. This was all presented in a fashion that required no slip-of-hand or "cut-scene". This was truly something unexpected. It operated outside the rules of current physics and encompassed imagination. The Sa Neter show is forced to end during this suspense. Misty and Junior had no answers for the questions that followed them -- on nor off the air. They [too] were affected by this demonstration. This was their second confirmation that their beloved was doing something great. She was embarked upon a huge challenge. 
A massive agenda is at work here. One thing is for sure (even though she has just begun); if this wee-one ever chose to speak, her small voice would already be heard clearly all around the world. Atlas is paying close attention to this delightful one. She's magical, she's phenomenal and she's a well-needed break from the overwhelming politics that have been (systematically) chopping away at human liberties.





Chapter 15   NEED FOR NOTHING
As the two arrive at the hotel where they had been staying during the competition, Junior and Misty were followed to their room. They did well to ignore the media and paparazzi. They refused to speak or engage the cameras. Instead, they quietly gathered their belongings and caught the scheduled flight back to Los Angeles where the nationally syndicated talent show was preparing for the last two competitors to face-off. 
"Still no sign of Michelle. I wonder where she went Misty!"
"I have no idea Junior, but I'm starting to worry. Or maybe I'm just missing her."
Before Misty could set her stuff down on the bed, Michelle casually closes the bathroom door behind her and greets them. Misty lunges at her for a hug. Both of the girls were smiling ear-to-ear. Junior was the first to react.
"Girl!!!!... Where've you...? How'd you?..."
"Oh my gosh_, we thought we left you in New York."
As Michelle smiles, Misty playfully scolds her. 
"Ok. We need to establish some things about disappearing! We leave together if we arrived together. Am I clear?"  Michelle just smiles.
After about an hour of unpacking and returning to their normal routine, Something had been bothering Junior. He'd been wanting to as Michelle a question for some time now. As they sat eating muffins and fruit on the oversized bed, Junior had to ask.
"Michelle?..." 
He got her attention.
"You've only gotten started doing what you do. Even world magicians marvel at you. The way you write and... I love you sister, but I for some reason I feel like I'm meeting you for the first time. Even after all these years I thought I fully knew you. I have to ask,... Who are you?"
Michelle gets up and retrieves her backpack. They figure she was probably getting her notepad and writing utensils. She did. This was [still] a ceremony they're just starting to get used to. Michelle has never really written so much. These days she's addressing her beloveds regularly. Perhaps she felt it was necessary to answer them for the sake of killing as much confusion as possible.  She returned to her spot on the bed.
She starts writing.
"It's just as difficult to write in this tongue as it is to think in it. I will attempt to explain what my mind is trying to convey. If what I write becomes unclear to you this day, instead love the truth that someday it will be clear to you. 
I've been many persons in many places. I've lived amongst many worlds with different climates -- even some with no climate at all. In all I've experienced that has been different, one thing has always been a constant in these lower frequencies of light, intentions of deception dwell and begot destruction. This energy is the barrier between this band and the next. Love is the waypoint. When it arrives that I choose to dissolve from here, I'd either completed my task or gave the realm over to their own destruction. This will be no different."

"Why did you just leave the Sa Neter Show? How did you leave New York?" Misty Asked.

"I utilized what your current spirit sciences have named Merkaba. In the past, knowledge of this high science was realized. Though it has been nearly lost in transition, Soon you and your technology will have to yield to what can only be obtained from the spirit. It was necessary that I utilized this achievement in New York. I'll be demonstrating this frequently in times future.  By no measure will I ever claim to be without flaws, but I do suggest that my intuition for good decisions will rarely fail me for staying the track of my charted purpose. Rest well beloveds. You require it."  
Meanwhile the stage was set for the final episode. Junior and his female vocalist opponent were in war preparations. 3 days from now the world would crown their winner. Michelle seemed to be leading the media in gossip and blog mentions. Junior isn't too far behind.
Misty remembers the gentleman that handed her a card in New York. 
"Oh yeah! Michelle some guy handed me a card.... Here it is. It says: you're invited to participate in the largest dancing competition in the world. THE DANCE OFF is where the best dance crews and contestants showcase themselves, party and get world renown recognition. Dance, compete and Win. Crews and Contestants must pay a small entrance fee. Oh my gosh Michelle, I've heard of this. We should try it. We're good enough."
By this time Junior was done with his rotation in the bathroom they're sharing. Instead of going to bed, he opted to join the girls where they're chit-chatting. 
Michelle continues writing. 
"In our freestyle category, we'll need a crew. To reach the minimum, we need another dancer. I do not totally disagree with competition as long as it's healthy, fun and semi-selfless. If you'd like to experience this venue, there's no way you're going to perform without me. We dance together beloved."
Michelle's writing verbiage was oddly more relaxed for being understood when she was talking about dancing and more common issues. This small young lady loves to dance. It'd be a well-deserved treat for Michelle to have more fun. Besides; this is the activity that brought the world her familiar smile. The joy her community has grown to love when she was a little girl. 
"I'm calling the info line on the back." Misty says
When Misty called the information number on the back of the card, an automated service runs through a series of prompts that eventually comes to an entrance fee of $500 per/person. Misty put the phone on speaker so everyone could hear.
"I can get $500.00 if you can Michelle! I'll just ask my mom."                          
[Michelle laughed] 
"What's so funny bunny?" 
Michelle reached into her backpack (she never had out of reach) and pulled out a fist full $500 dollar bills.
"Oh sh*t_ Michelle, where'd you get all this cash?"
 She then reaches back into her bag and pulls out many more. Fist full after fist full of money. It never seemed to slow. It was like a magic trick where there'd be a hidden whole at the bottom connected to a larger source that was out of sight. This was repeated many times until the bed was adorned with an amount of cash that could not physically fit back into Michelle's bag. Misty's mouth is wide opened as she grabbed a $500 bill and smelled it. 
"Yep... It's definitely real. Girl what the fudge is this?" 
Michelle was making a point. But what was the point? That she can make money and be rich? While Junior was organizing cash into a small, neat stack [to be neatly inserted into his bill fold], Michelle was preparing to write on her notepad.
"In front of us is many pieces of paper that say $500 dollars on each of them. Etherically this paper benefits us nothing spiritual at all. The false precedence of economic wealth is what distracts persons from enjoying real wealth that is spiritual wholeness. I would not be much your beloved if I could,  but refused to deliver you from the distraction of this disagreeable vice. While my wants are ultimately the desires of my heart to fulfill my chart, you will also be able to manifest all things you'll ever need here that will assist you in your selfless intentions. Even nourishment for your bodies. But why nourish your body when you can instead talk to your flesh and demand it not to need much nourishing at all?"
"Is this how you haven't grown since we were pre-teens? Is this how you've managed to avoid having a period?... You talk to the cells in your body?"
Michelle smiles at Misty.
"Yes. And from this day forward none of my closest beloveds will need for anything. This includes food and water for nourishment nor this paper used to obtain these things. Needing something distracts from being *All things. This causes concerns that necessitate fears." 
It's at this moment Michelle handed Junior and Misty white cards. They're like most other bank cards, only these cards have no bank identified on them or banks linked to the magnetic strip. On the front of these cards read was an inscription: 
"NEED NOT; FEAR NOT, LOVE ALL BECAUSE YOU ARE *ALL" in gold leafing. These are cards without any limits. Care cards". 
"So_ I can buy a house with this card?" Junior asked emphatically.
Michelle laughs because as Junior was asking this, he was still trying to stuff cash in his billfold.
"I understand flesh is not as tamed as spirit. I also overstand how flesh is presently more dominant here that desires. I ask that you practice agreeable aspirations. Awareness. Presence. Be modest as often as you strive for blamelessness. We're incapable of being perfected here although we can practice disengaging from selfish intentions and pointless ambitions. These things only facilitate destruction and self condemnation. What matters is not how much we've obtained, but rather how much we've retained when our own chart here has ended."
"I understand. You're basically saying DON'T BE GREEDY right? Ok... fine." Junior answered.
[Michelle answered by saying....]
"When you've evolved more, the home you desire can be manifested from initiated practices without the need of this card or disagreeable dealings. When you've evolved much more, the home you desire now will not be a desire at all. Only because this is your current level of desire, I ask a question. Isn't it more simple to find an empty home you fancy and I to manifest the deed of the property unto you? When I am not present to create things, use these cards. Use creative shopping to decorate your home however you fancy."
Misty's mind only knows how to think practically. 
"If you could create money like this, why'd you make me pay for your ice cream cone in New York?” 
Misty may have a knack for being comical and making people laugh, but it's Michelle who's answer is so honest, it bordered being hilariously braisen.
"Because you desired it more than I did."
Everyone paused before they laughed heartily and a party ensues. Misty and Junior started tossing the money around jovial in the thought of spending frenzies. It isn't two minutes later that the money became great for being tossed around purely for the fact that there was so much of this stuff. It's coincidently being treated in ways paper should be thought of; WORTHLESS. Michelle created more of this "confetti", joined the fun jumping on the bed and begun tossing it around like a child. This was now a time for fun fellowship. A time to celebrate being young and youthful while mocking the abundance of (apparently) nothing. Misty only had one more thing on her mind.
"You know what I think? I think it's time to suit up and go for some late night ice cream." 

GIVING IS LOVING
Junior knows the biggest talent show is just around the corner. This is a time the world was poised to celebrate with him. He's a celebrity. Junior may've started out as a young boy stricken with autism, but these days he's free from any symptoms. He's also been miraculously healed of a spinal injury that threatened to make his life (and the life's of those dear to him) even more complicated. My how far he's come. The talent that was hidden in him to sing and be such a heartthrob is no less than amazing. He now stands on the cusp of the biggest night of his life. Though the world didn't know his story, they knew his name. The RnB vocalist that possesses a smile that propelled him to the top. Something is troubling Junior. Perhaps something that has even caught him by surprise. 48hrs until lights, camera, action when Juniorfinds himself deeply perplexed and goes to his dear sister for advice.
"Michelle can I talk to you for a moment?"
She's peeling her grapefruit with a level of focused attention she's been adored for possessing as a young girl.
"Michelle..., I don't want to win this competition."
This made Michelle expose her beautiful teeth with a smile as she grabbed for her notepad and emerald colored pencil. 
Michelle begun writing. 
"Although I have a good sense as to what's on your mind, allowing you space to express it is my way of assisting it to be. A way of ushering it into happening. It also gives your lower self a chance to hear and better understand the choice your higher self has made. Talk to me brother."
"Well, watching and learning from you has taught me that giving is much more fulfilling than receiving. Tonisha wants to win this as much as I do. But when I look around at everything that I have and everyone I have around me, it just seems like adding this achievement to my list of reasons to smile would be selfish. She could use this sense of fulfillment more than I could. She's earned this win. I'd simply be getting out of the way. I forfeit my chances of victory. I wanna' love Tonisha through giving. I've already kinda' made up in my mind that this is what I wanna' do. I don't know why or how else to explain this. I just know that this is what you'd do. My goal isn't to win in life Michelle. My goal is to love the way you love. My goal is to be like you."
At this moment in Junior's confession, he's fighting hard to hold back the tears desperately wanting to leave his eyes.
"I know the press won't understand why I'm doing this. The media will mock me. Sure, my fans will be disappointed. But I'd be satisfied knowing that someday they will all understand."
Michelle smiles wide with tears in her big pretty eyes. This is an extremely rare occurrence for Michelle's adulthood. Rare indeed. Her eyes are being flooded with appreciation for how Junior has understood a piece of her own charted purpose. At this moment she's without words to write. As Michelle wisely chose to let Junior stew in his thoughts, she wants him to indulge in the love he's having for his competitor. Even if just for a few seconds -- or as long as possible before she wrote anything down. This was a moment for him.
She smiles, wiped her eyes and begun to write.
"I am so...." 
Although she stops writing, Michelle still stares at the paper. Something is stirring inside of her. Something that has caused her to stop mid-sentence. Junior notices her swallow hard with an emotion he can't measure. The room grew thick with an unfamiliar vibrancy when Michelle drops the pen she's holding and leaned close to Juniors ear. He's thinking (for sure) she's leaning to give him a kiss on his cheek, but she didn't. Her motion passed his cheek and through to his earlobe. (Unexpectedly) A whisper came out of Michelle's lips. 
"I AM SO PROUD OF YOU JUNIOR."
As she embraces him, the very breath that carried her soft voice is still sending chills through every nerve in Junior's spinal column. Michelle's voice embodies a cosmological radiance. A powerful, unbound vibration of love that has compromised Junior's emotions. He starts to tear immediately as he wraps his arms around Michelle's small frame. He hugs her tight and holds the embrace as if he didn't want this moment to end. This was obviously a rare communication intended to deliver a sentiment expressed from the universe. From the abundance of Michelle's little heart, she spoke.
"Oh my god...” he says in a whisper as his embrace lossened.
"Thank you so much Michelle."
He sniffled and whispered his next words.
"That was the confirmation I never would've asked for. A validation I will never forget."
Michelle places her small hands on each of Juniors tear-streaked cheeks and kisses her brother's lips. He realizes he'd only heard his adopted sister speak the word "no". Even those were years apart from each instance. This night she spoke seven words to him. Seven sincere words that transformed him. Junior declared inwardly that this would be their secret worth treasuring. This was a special moment he decides to keep for himself. 

Before the night of the last live recording, Junior contacted the show producers and notified them of his full intentions not to perform. They're disappointed and scorned his decision. They warned him he'd be breaching his contract with the network. Though Junior heard the representative, he didn't fear the repercussions. He learned long ago that threats or fearing threats were never helpful. Junior knew his decision was how he intended to end his part of any contract. Besides; he isn't leaving empty handed. He'd already been offered a record deal with a polished, prominent record company. A chief executive officer of a well accomplished label expressed to Junior how winning the talent competition would bind him to the talent show's contract. He was made aware of the options he have if he breached the network contract. Junior understood.
When the show date approached within hours of showtime, Junior did exactly what he said he would do. He refused to participate in the last live recording and didn't win the show. Four hours from the parking gates opening (that lead to the evet). An hour later Tonisha gets the news that she's officially the winner, she cries in her hotel room, overjoyed because she was already prepared to accept second place. Even 2nd place was arguably a win for this being largest talent show in the world. This news is overwhelming. Junior was free to sign with any label he pleased. The nation was stunned in disbelief. The commercials (world-wide) broadcast that Junior "bailed" in an attempted to assassinate his integrity for not finishing his contractual obligation. This proves unsuccessful because his following was much larger than his critics. The backlash isn't anything Junior wasn't prepared to deal with. There was nothing winning the competition could've done for Junior that was greater than what his life was already granting him. A loving family, great health and a miraculous sister who makes him feel richer than any large sum of money. Junior is happy.


Chapter 16   THE MERKABA
	

MerKaBa (as depicted above) is described as the divine light vehicle used by ascended masters to connect with and reach those in tune with the higher realms. "Mer" means "Light". "Ka" means "Spirit". "Ba" means "Body". Light Spirit Body.

"I'm gonna' go do some shopping in New York. Sa Neter has asked me to appear as guest on his show again. He says he's got a very special guest scheduled that he'd love to introduce to you Michelle. I sure wish you two could make it! Can you?"
"Well... We have to be in Quezon City, Metro Manila in several days. There's a qualifying round for a dancing tour starting there in the Philippines. The U.P. Theatre venue is listed online as a preliminary exhibition into the dance tour. This is what I wanna' do so bad." Misty says with eagerness in her voice.
"Want me to send your best regards' to Sa Neter and his special guest?"
Michelle grabbed her notepad and elected to answer Junior.
"We will be in New York for the Sa Neter Show in a few days. I feel there's a great demonstration that needs to happen there. However; If my beloved Misty desires to go to the Philippines', her desires are also priority."
"I appreciate the gesture Michelle, but there's no way we going to make both of these engagements Michelle. They're to far apart."
Michelle turns the page for a fresh sheet. It was always great to see Michelle thinking because this usually means she's in the process of being creative. In her creativity, good things and great teachings usually followed. She takes a deep breath and starts to write.
"It's just as difficult to write in this tongue as it is to think in it. I will attempt to explain what my mind is trying to convey. If what I write becomes unclear to you this day, instead love the truth that someday it will be clear to you.
I'm a practitioner of Merkaba. Before anyone can understand Merkaba, they must be aware that every manifested conscious also has an accessible non-physical body. In this awareness, the energy work can begin. Merkaba is a process of activating and utilizing an eigth body for higher awareness. This body can only be accessed through techniques of meditation from the seventh body -- that has been mastered. Merkaba enables your essence to travel great distances and into upper realms where no physical things exist. Tone frequencies, deep breathing, visualizations and innate knowing are useful for achieving this energy work. Many amongst us have already accomplished this. Only few have the mastery to be boarded by others."
"Is this how you left the Sa Neter Show from under the sheet?"
Michelle nods. "Yes."
"Misty, can you be ready to depart from here in the next hour?" 
Misty nods her head "yes". 
It's only been one hour, but Junior is already packed and ready for the cab that's already situated downstairs. The Sa Neter Show has scheduled him (3 days from now). It was now time for the RnB heartthrob to finally leave the city that cheered for him through his live performances. Michelle and Misty are packed too, but their destination is as strange to Misty as their method of transportation.
"Only the purest and most connected among descended masters can charge companions for the tethering of consciousness awareness. Only several high initiates of the highest wrealm can stream and transport companion physicalities. Misty; we are everything that is everywhere. This awareness is conducive for traversing the higher dimensions. Even while awake, I meditate on this truth. It's truly a truth that never leaves me. When we step into this small dark closet, your eyes will begin seeing no distinction between being open or closed. In that moment there's no cause for fear. Listen to my breathing. I am there. Our manifested bodies will align with our fourth dimensional selves go and we'll arrive together." 
Misty giggled before she calmed herself to speak. 
"I trust you... But what about our luggage?"
"They are physical, but not conscious. They require a different process. They will meet us there. Are you ready Misty?"
With a nervous and unfamiliar smile of doubt, Misty answers Michelle with a smurk on her confused face.
"I guess so."
This must be all sounding like a sci-fi channel to her, but she is onboard and planned to do as Michelle requested. 
Don't fear, align her breathing with Michelle's and know she is all things that is in all places. And with that Junior helped them both into the darkened closet and shut the door behind them. They stood there in the dark hand-in-hand for a moment. Misty stood in the dark listening to Michelle's breathing (feeling limitless) when the dark turned into a much darker darkness. A stillness. A deep void. When the door opened, the first light that broke through the darkness is from new light sources. Somehow (even in the dark) Michelle was able to find the door handle with her other hand. They both arrived a great distance away. That dark moment fulfilled it's obligation. They released hands to step out of a five-star grand hotel's broom closet. When they entered the hallway, it's empty and hosted aromas of rich authentic cuisines. There's a kitchen somewhere nearby that must be fit for a queen and her king. The soft lights and luxury wall paintings that adorned the hallway's path told the story of a pricey place. Somewhere wealthy patrons would pay a high premium to retreat to from the world of contingencies and capitalism.
"Oh my gosh. My nerves are tweaking like crazy. I feel queezy. Are we in the Philippines?"
Michelle smiles gorgeously as she jotts on her pocket notepad.
"The multiple aspects of what animates you are realigning. Follow me beloved."
Michelle knows exactly where the front desk was and had everything the clerk asked for to claim the master suite key card. Misty would soon find out that the dance venue isn't too far from where this luxurious building is located. There's plenty time to tour, greet, meet and be merry before the qualifying dance exhibitions several days from now.

MEET MOLLY
The scene was modest. Nothing near the glitz and glamour of the talent show, but it was sufficient for the world's best dancers. Many different genres were scheduled to be represented here. Crump', Bboy, synchronized group and freestyle were the most popular here. Most the patrons spoke English (well enough), but hardly recognizable. Misty is a bit taller than Michelle as they cruise listening to the strange dialect here. Michelle hasn't grown an inch since she was 15yrs old. Her skin is just as flawless as her mother Anuhea's had been into her adulthood. The quiet one still wears her hair long is not interested in makeup. Shirley Temple curls are the playful way her hair was styled anytime she let Misty have her way with it. Michelle and Misty were excited to finally be where the preliminary dance events would take place. 

[SIDE NOTE: Anytime Michelle got excited, it's generally when she is allowing herself to match the excitement of whom she is with and adores. Ordinarily, she doesn't get anxious to arrive at places, nor in any rush for anything to happen. However, she will tend to get excited witnessing and experiencing others excitement from time to time.]

In this corner of the world, there's a young dancing Phenom' who's only dreamed of performing on the world dance touring circuit. Her name is Molly. She's a native of here. At just 16yrs old, this young diva is as talented as any hip-hop dancer could be. She's smaller than most her age, has a rare set of light-gray eyes and weighs 0nly 105 hyper-active pounds. She was often picked on about her eye color in school. It's assumed that the teasing contributed to her dropping out of the public school system. Molly was born with an adorable look about her. However; she does host  a bleach spot that sits on one of her left jaw. The "splash" of depigmentation is only a shade away from her natural tone, so it's hardly noticeable. She appreciates it because she says it adds character to her character. This dancing talent wears her birthmark proudly and never tries to conceal it with makeup. Her long, straight, black hair extends past her elbows and most would say has become part of her persona when she's seen dancing. It bounces so lively to her movements and seems to be Molly's permanent laughing audience when she's being goofy or telling jokes. From the roots of her hair to about midway down the length, it's her natural dark brown color. But from mid-length [down] to the tips, her hair is dyed a much lighter color. A honey blonde. This dual-toned style is left in it's natural state of bone straight. Even as she dances, it's never pulled back into a bun or tamed. It's her "thing". It definitely adds a certain flair to her routines. Molly comes from an extremely poor suburb where she and her younger brothers live in a shack with their sickly mother and a helpful uncle. Molly has been performing as a curbside show for spare change that she uses to purchase necessities for her small home. She's a hip-hop dancer that inspires to someday not have to worry about her family's needs. Every time qualifying events like this come through this region, Molly sets up her cardboard dance mat, her compact disc/cassette boom box and her donation box to capitalize on any dancing enthusiasts that might give her offerings. She danced one track at a time -- earning one dollar at a time. This hip-hoping diva would easily out dance her competitors in this dance tour, but the fee's were too far out of her reach. Molly could never expect anyone to sponsor her with the $500 registration fee to compete. She realistically expected better luck dancing for donations to help bring back to her family. 
      It's still several days out from the scheduled mayhem when Michelle and Misty arrive at the site. There's plenty of traffic and dance crews unofficially challenging other non-local dance crews. The event staging is yards away inside a large [open] coliseum. There, Misty and Michelle observe more dance crews putting on shows outside the main building, these dance appropriate floorings' were sitting quietly and not yet active. Round-faced Misty suspects most of these dancers can't possibly be a part of the official qualifying rounds because of how hard they were dancing. 
"What real competitor would risk getting hurt or being harmed before they had to? Isn't this too important of an event for foolish showboating?" 
Never-the-less, these fearless fanatics have dance fever on their talented minds. Michelle nudges Misty getting her attention. When Misty looks at Michelle, she sees her pointing at someone through the scattered crowd. It's Molly. She's sitting on her fabricated cardboard dancing surface and playing with the knobs on her outdated boom box. She's sporting her usual urban style of dress code. Today it's a sleevless white t-shirt with the word "YEP!" printed in black across the chest area. It's being paired with a low crotch pair of harem drawstring sweatpants. On the left leg seam, the word "BOUNCE" is embroidered in hot pink. Her acessories are simple. A hot pink bucket cap and a hot pink hair scrungie fashioned on her thin wrist. The outfit is super cute for being accomplished on a low budget. The only thing she dared to ever spend on money was only pair of mid-top designer sneakers.
"Her?... What about her?... You know her?" 
Misty is confused at first before she remembers they need another crew member. Michelle smiles hard as if she knew something. She obviously had something up her sleeves. As they started walking in the direction of Molly, they notice how no body was paying Molly any attention. They approached the ragged talent in plain view while being mindful not to startle her. Michelle greets her first with the warmest smile she had in her arsenal and gave the stranger a hug.
Molly spoke.
"Ok. Do I know you? I hope it's you who owes me money, cause' I aint' got none honey."
Michelle grabs Molly hand with one of her hands and uses a number of hand gestures to communicate to Misty with her other one. 
"This is our number three." 
As Misty catches wind of Michelle's intentions, she (too) smiles. Now they're equally excited about the proposition they'd be giving Molly. The both of them stand in place -- smiling gorgeously at the confused Filipin`a. They seem to've forgotten, that they hadn't clued Molly in yet. 
[Molly]"Hey! I don't understand sign language. You wanna' break that down for a sista' blondie?"
[Misty]"You dance don't you?" 
[Molly]"I'm the best out here."
[Misty]"Are you registered to compete?"
[Molly]"Neh. I aint' got that kind of scratch in my bucket. You get what I'm sayin'?"
Misty glances to Molly's left and noticed the donations pail near Molly's hip. 
"I'm Misty and this here is Michelle. She doesn't talk much. We're from San Diego. Have you been watching the TV talent show live competition? We're on it in a few episodes. Well,... Kind of. We were guest dancers on it."
"Well Misty, I'm Molly and I aint' got no TV. Maybe someday I will, but right now I'm a hungry dancer and I got bills to pay. Get to the point or get out my way."
Misty hurried to the point. 
"We want you to dance with us on this dance tour. Actually, we kinda' need you. We're going all the way to the top of this competition."
Molly submitted a challenge. 
[Molly]"Is that right? You must plan on paying my tuition!” she snarled sarcastically.
At this time Michelle reaches into her backpack situated forwardly on her belly and pulls out a money clip made of pink quartz thick with large bills. She hands it to Molly and repeats this two more times. Molly holds the three clips of cash and pauses to internalize this. Still holding the bulging clips of cash, she looks at Michelle firmly to reply. 
"I'm in."
All three of the girls begin to laugh at how those words came out of Molly's mouth. Her tone was purposely menacing, as if she was just offered a job to rob a bank. This 16yr old hip-hop diva may be slightly younger than the others, but she's already demonstrating her personality to be a handful of character. They hugged in a three-way hold and begun leaping up and down as though they'd just won a national volleyball competition.
"Ok. Umm, I gotta' handle some business at home real quick. This hustla' gotta' stack to drop off to my uncle. Oh, my god. He's gonna' think I've done something super slutty to get this money... I would if I was him. I'd be like, I don't even wanna' know the details. Lobster for dinner?" 
She starts laughing uncontrollably.
"Can you two come with me home to drop this off? In my neighborhood, carrying this much cash is asking for trouble." 
Michelle shook her head "yes". They're happy to jump into the next available taxi and get to know their newest member. Their talented, bubbly counterpart.
"We're freestyle dancers." Misty says.
"Oh ok. That's cool. I'm the best hip-hop dancer in the Philippines. I've danced against your style and won."
"I understand Molly, but let's get something straight. We're teammates here. Besides... You've never witnessed a talent like Michelle. TRUST ME. Michelle has a lot to explain to you later. We must be meant to be together so I'm not concerned with how our styles are different. We'll fit together. This is dance crew Vs dance crew, so we won't need to practice synchronizations. We're free to showcase our individual dance strengths because our genre is basically a series of calling a member of the other crew out for a solo battles."
Michelle writes on a note pad.
"All that is required is that we have fun. Advancing to the next city is not a priority. What will set us apart from the others will be our priority of loving dance, not having a goal to win and not our skill levels. Soon you'll understand the extent of why we've crossed charts Molly. For now, love dancing and enjoy fellowship."
After Molly read what Michelle had written, she asked Misty a question. 
"Is she always like this?"
Misty's answer is served slightly pedantically.
"Kinda'. But not really. I wouldn't change a thing about her. You'll get used to it."

MOLLY'S INITIAL EVIDENCE
"Would you like to go to New York with us Molly?" Misty asked.
"Hellz' yeah girlfriend. That's in the United States, right?"
"It sure is. We have some unfinished business there you might want to see with your bare eyes. You'll even get to meet Junior. He's Michelle's singing brother. He actually talks." 
They finished laughing when Molly asked Misty.
"When are we going to New York?" 
"Tonight. We have five days until the tour starts. The Sa Neter show will be tomorrow." 
"Tonight? I have to go see my uncle and give him this money. He's trustworthy and I need him to keep the house while I'm gone."
"That's fine."
Michelle began writing something for Molly. Some instructions.
"Please do not concern your ken about visiting New York. They may worry about you. Only let them aware of your scheduled absence. Assure them of your safety." 
The cab drives 20minutes away and what a difference it was between one city and the neighboring town it departed. Now shacks were abundant and abandoned shacks were obvious. While they ride, Molly wants them to know her as well as she understood herself.
"I consider myself a certified bro. I can see myself shouting at a sporting event in New York. I usually spend most of my time with guy friends. They laugh at my jokes because they think I'm funny."
When they arrive at Molly's home, quick introductions were in order in her native tongue. It was a small space no bigger than an American garage. Molly pulled out the clips of cash and a small celebration followed. Misty notices how Michelle is listening confidently and seemed to be understanding this language. She's responding to the conversation appropriately with smiles and affectionate eye contact. After a quick refresher, Molly and her new friends had somewhere to be. The three left the shack and Michelle lead them (by foot) into an empty one nearby. Molly is curious and decides to ask an obvious question.
"What are we doing in here? We have a plane to catch right?" 
"There's so much to explain and not a lot of time to explain it. Um.... Michelle?"
The small 20yr.old (that looks more like a small 15yr old pulled out her notepad and her emerald colored pencil. She collects astray large wool blanket in the corner of the shack. Odd because this wool blanket is immaculate and stands out from the clutter. Michelle signals for the girls to join her in the middle of the space and they all sat close to each other on the dirty floor with their legs crossed. The center of them created a small window of the floor where Michelle is preparing to write -- in plain view of every eye.
She began.
"It's just as difficult to write in this tongue as it is to think in it. I will attempt to explain what my mind is trying to convey. If what I write becomes unclear to you this day, instead love the truth that someday it will be clear to you. Molly, in me is purpose far beyond my love for dancing. Far beyond my love for loving. Even beyond me. It is a small piece of a much larger purpose difficult to describe from this mind. Even thinking has proven to be inadequate for explanation. You are about to experience something [now] the world will soon witness. You are safe and nothing harmful can hurt you now -- not even aging if I *Will your elemental properties divine youngevity. Please do not fear. It interrupts and separates. Listen to my breathing. Focus on it." 
At this moment Michelle spread the blanket over all three of their heads. The large blanket is allowed to flow down to the floor. Where gaps between the blanket and the floor allowed light, they too were silenced until all was made darkness. Three breaths are loud and heard easily. The dark turned into a much deeper darkness. A stillness. A deep void. When the blanket was lifted, the light that broke the darkness was now being sourced from a utility light fixture. They're on the inside of a huge closet. All that remained familiar was the blanket that was now in the company of other blankets just like it. They're hanging several feet from the girls. Dozens of them. Molly is the last to stand to her feet. She's shivering faster than she's moving. The young Filipino is in slow-motion and in total awe.
"It's just a closet Molly." Misty teased.
Their backpacks were off to the side of them. Somehow they too made the trip. Oddly enough, they hadn't utilized the cloak of darkness. What ever happened, these personal belongings had been exposed to it. Perhaps a transitioning that human eyes couldn't (yet) comprehend. Never-the-less, the backpacks are just as privy to be here as they are. Molly didn't speak until Michelle hugged her (long after the utility closet door was swung open). It was a huge closet in a huge sky-scrapping building. This closet faced large panels of glass windows that allowed the New York sunlight to radiate the interior design uninterruptedly.  
"Oh my god, where are we?"
"Welcome to America Molly."
Molly elected to answer back mockingly.
"Where anything is possible -- evidently. What the hell was that about?"
No one is present on this flank of the building. The ladies made their way down two flights of stairs and into the main lobby where the bathrooms were situated. The reception module hosted three security personnel wearing emerald green blazers and company issued trousers. New York business types were tending to their business. Michelle pointed to her wrist (again) indicating promptness to Misty. As they followed the quiet one out onto the public streets, Molly was still baffled about what happened.
"Ok. Elephant in the room. Somebody wanna' break down what just happened? And the air here... It's hurting my eyes."
The girls begin laughing because it was obviously to them that it's the smog of the big city bothering Molly's eyes. 
"Michelle will have plenty of time to explain all this to you. For now, sit back, relax and enjoy New York."
The Sa Neter Studio isn't too far away. 
"Perfect you made it!" 
It's junior wandering about the immediate area. He was actually hoping to run into the girls because Misty hadn't been answering here cell phone. It was happenstance that he was right on the money. Michelle used hand signals to introduce Junior to Molly. It was Molly that provided the audio.
"This is Molly. She's a dancer too."
"Hi Molly. It's nice to meet you. You're even smaller than Michelle."
Junior was being friendly and said what he said for having something to say.
"Yeah, well don't let the size fool you dog. This puppy got fight."

Chapter 17   MEET MAKALESI RODAN
Sa Neter wants to introduce Michelle to someone special to the show.
"Let's  welcome back to the Sa Neter Show; the most elegant of information warriors... Our friend... Makalesi. Come on out beautiful."  
Beautiful she most definitely is. Makalesi Rodan is a 33 year old scholar with the same walnut colored skin Michelle wears so worthy of royalty. Her gorgeous smile escorts her friendly energy straightway into the halls of the academically accomplished. This Fiji-born princess is a major contributor to websites and co-authors a sleuth of top-selling books. She regularly frequents the Sa Neter Show to teach, educate and captivate a growing audience interested in her views and perspectives. This soft-spoken enchantress is renowned for her research decoding occult (hidden) information, studying esoteric knowledge and indigenous cultures. Makalesi  Rodan demonstrates time and time again to be highly knowledgeable, much needed and appreciated everywhere she visits to educate.
When Makalesi stepped foot on Sa Neter's stage (like so many times before), she confidently seats herself on the couch next to Michelle. Makalesi's head level is slightly higher than SHORTY's, but that didn't detour their eyes from making contact. Michelle immediately started analyzing to sense Makalesi through her eyes. To sense this strangers nature. This was common practice for Michelle anytime someone new entered her personal space. Makalesi was starring right back into Michelle's eyes. Her smile for meeting Michelle silently turned into a concentration that created a tense stare'off. The studio applause ceased as the two seemed to be frozen in time. Something was happening. Misty was attuned to this kind of deep analyzing by her friend, but seeing two people analyze each other's eyes was quite a moment for the millions who were also witnessing this [live]. They're both practitioners of meditation. Co-executors of *presence. Awareness. All-of-a-sudden, Michelle hugs Makalesi tighter than she'd ever hugged anyone. There was a connection made. Something unsaid. They both burst out into happy tears. Sa Neter broke the tense silence. What's going on here?
"Makalesi what's goin' on? What's happening? Why are you crying?"
Makalesi's answer shocked the audience far and near.
"I hear her.” she says full of tearful emotion.
"I hear Michelle talking to me loud and clear."
"You mean to tell us that you're hearing Michelle telepathically speak to you?"
"Yes. That's exactly what I'm saying."
Michelle has developed tears in her big pretty eyes as well. It's a rare occurrence to see outward evidence of hurt from within Michelle. 
Sa Neter is opposed to (what he calls) "spookism" and demands to dive right into what's happening. 
"Well don't buck'dance babygirl, tell us what she's sayin'. Don't keep it to yourself." 
Makalesi broke down crying at this point, but she braves relaying the conversation that's obviously more for her than for the audience.
"She expressed to me being impressed for how closely I resemble her mother Anuhea'. She told me how beautiful it feels to find someone that hears her."
Makalesi is hearing something else. Her eyes twitch as if they're doing the listening. 
She continues.
"Right now she's telling me how difficult it is to explain what she knows in our limited tongue -- how it creates frustration in her. She's explaining how she thinks in tongues this world could not yet express. Oh, my god. She's telling me that when she is with other kinds -- on other worlds, she speaks freely in their natives tongues. Here, she's traded speaking for works of demonstrations."
Although Makalesi is doing well for translating Michelle's telepathic conversation into an understandable verbiage, the audience has starts whispering and marveling at how someone so young looking could relay such things. Perhaps someone in the audience wants to claim she is a fraudulent lie, they wouldn't because everyone is sensing that she's only capable of telling truths. 
This platform has hosted all sorts of intellectually conscious heroes. The syndicated Sa Neter Show and its growing number of televised viewers (at this point) has already grown to facilitate and appreciate scholars such as Nysut: Amun-Re Sen Atum-Re also known as "Brother Polight", Bro.Reggie, Dr. Ali Muhammad, Shakka Ahmose, Mfundishi, Sara Suten Seti, Minister Enki, Dolo, Ra Semahj, Tazaryach, Irritated Genie, Dr. Briant Green, Commanding General Yahanna, Prof. James Smalls, Shaharazad Ali, Hasar, Danyaahla, Taj Tarik Bey, Dr. Dan Minter, Lloyde Bye, Dr. Steven Grier, Ra ImHotep, Dr. Scott MacQuate, Jim Mars, Mfundishi and many more. These great minds have helped to create and establish the live audience that Junior's talent (and dancing duo) is now privileged to being a part of. Michelle is a great mind herself. Perhaps the most evolved of minds. She'd be at home opting to use the Sa Neter platform for future headlining & demonstrations (at least the ones capable of being contained under a roof.
It's understandable how the hearts of these viewers are awe-struck seeing the Fijian researcher so touched, so moved and so turned over to her emotions. Her record and reputation for professional-grade, eye-opening spirit science is impeccable. Now, here she's (with good reason) allowing herself to be seen emotionally vulnerable. With all the scholarship in this gorgeous young woman, she had only an idea of her ability to be clairaudient. A brief instance with it many years ago lead her to research about it. She'd argued that such a rare talent isn't an "isolated gift" at all. She suggested to her subscribers years ago that just maybe; telepathy is in all our higher capacities. That maybe it's a capacity that needs to be practiced, nurtured, controlled and filtered. Makalesi has thoroughly made arguments for defining the pros and the cons of civilizations based on telepathic communication.
Michelle embraces her. As Makalesi releases Michelle, she dries the tears from her eyes and addresses the studio with her familiar tone of confident control.
"When we all arrive at a place in ourselves where we submit to our highest spiritual capacities, we'll find out that telepathic communication is not only possible, it's clearly heard and clearly understood. It's not subconsciously suggestive or subliminal. It's a transmission that has its own pros and cons."

She's in full swing of educating in a posture she's best renown for (confidence). Michelle seemed to be the experienced "sender" while Makalesi did well enough (but better conditioned for) "receiving". Soon (with a little practice) these two will be talking to each other comfortably over the most secured lines of communication. Consciousness. Makalesi [alone] already had the closest dictation to the verbiage in Michelle's mind. Although they are both still confined to languages that can't possibly (yet) give clarity to Michelle's unexplored truths, Makalesi could best help Michelle explain things that can be spoken. Things like the aura that made people feel so light when they're around Michelle all these years. Makalesi wouldn't have to write down her interpretation nor would Michelle need to write things in attempts to be understood by unstudied persons. Now the selfless 20 year old had a 33 year old friend that could help her explain. Finally, a real chance to solicite understandings about energies, frequencies, outer-worldly intelligence and high physics has its scholarly communicator and it's loving, miraculous demonstrator and Mr. Sa Neter is in the middle of it all.
	
SHE'S ON FIRE
Michelle is now even more eager to do some demonstrating. After all, this was her original commitment in the first place. To her selfless self and to the Sa Neter Show. Michelle leaves her seat to grab Juniors hand and escorts him to his pre-arranged seat next to Misty (who is seated in the front row of the studio audience. Molly was already sitting on the other side of Misty. It was the seat that had been pre-designated for Makalesi for this portion of the show. That seat is currently being occupied by Molly. Makalesi (along with Sa Neter) are privy to enjoy this viewing from their comfortable cushioned seating on stage.
Sa Neter spoke directly into his MAIN camera.
"Ok folks. Here it is. Junior is sharing his limelight with his big sister who has the floor. She can dance or do whatever she wants. Hold on to your seats. Whatever you are about to see is unscripted and being televised live. Shorty', you have the floor. Do ya' thang' babygirl."
Sa Neter had no real way of knowing what Michelle's intentions were. Was she going to perform a dance or disappear again? She only committed to appearing there and meeting someone. She'd done both already. And with that Michelle centered herself on the stage with that big beautiful smile she wears so warmly. She's standing still -- tediously observing the studio audience of hundreds observing her. She understands that in times of great anticipation, people tend to be more "in the moment". Their senses are heightened. Perhaps she wants the audience to experience this "presence" for a moment. 33 seconds of silence must be feeling like a lifetime. The smile on her face has turned into stiff concentration. She lifts up her left arm forwardly (out-stretched) and !!!~POOF~!!!. Her left hand ignited itself in a fiery blaze. Gasps of (both) amazement and concern filled the studio audience. Her hand is blazing beautifully with black smoke billowing from on top of the flames. The black smoke indicates that something is actually burning, but Michelle is showing no cause for concern. Makalesi is at a loss for words seated just a few feet behind Michelle. She's the closest to the blaze. Then !!! POOF !!!. A quick flash of light and her whole arm ignites. The crowd gasps and then !!! POOF !!!, her whole body ignites. She is entirely ablaze. At this point, no part of her body seems to be free to breathe. Half the audience is standing on their feet and covering their mouths. Sa Neter's panicked mind wants to go retrieve the extinguisher, but for some reason his feet wouldn't allow him the privilege of motion. Michelle's face is seen through the fire smiling as she begins to lift upwardly off the stage. She's in flight and it's non-negotiable. The initial (wide-spread) concern for her safety has now shifted to enjoying how beautiful this feat is. Hundreds of minds trying to figure out the mechanics of this trick. Four feet, five feet off the stage. She begins to move forward toward the audience when the colors of the flickering flames turn from red to a brilliant green. "WOw." Onlookers on the front row are tearfully in awe of how magnificent this site is. She's levitating and engulfed in green dancing flames. As Michelle starts a descend to regain contact with the stage, the fames slowly die out and the audience never thought to clap. Their minds are too perplexed to move and react. Michelle smiles. As "amazing" as the last 4 minutes were, it isn't the whole of it. Michelle then turns around and walks over to Makalesi. She takes her hand and escorts her new friend into the aisle that separated the four sections of the audience seating. Michelle signals her to stay and not move. There are several studio audience members within reaching distance of the Fijian princess when Michelle returns to the stage. She faces Makalesi and points to her. Just as everybody's eyes rested on Makalesi, she starts lifting off the carpeted floor. 1 foot,... 2 feet,... 3 feet,... 6 feet. 
"Oh my goodness, oh gosh!!!" 
Her body posture is poised as if she were still standing on the floor, but the scholastic beauty is clearly levitating 8 feet above the floor beneath her. Michelle lets out a familiar squeech of her own (to get every one's attention) and she takes effortless flight towards Makalesi. She grabs her hand 8 feet off the carpet before they both return to the center of the stage. The crowd is now clapping vigorously.
"Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god. That was some out-of-this-world stuff right there. Shorty, you gotta' tell us how you did that?"
Michelle immediately hid her face behind her hands. It's reminiscent of a very shy child. As adorable as this humble gesture is, it's no help to answer Sa Neter's inquiry of how it was done.
"Makalesi! Talk to us. How do you feel?
Makalesi is more excited than faint. For a woman that just flew, she had impressive control of her composure.
"That was amazing. Oh my god. Um!... Floating is a dreamy experience to a lot of people, but it's the vibration that I felt had control of me -- that's helping me to understand Michelle's strength and talent. I can hardly explain it, but I felt like some_high level of meditation had control of me. Odd because I knew it wasn't my will power. I was surrounded by some sort of invisible electric energy surge. I could sense that it was coming directly from Michelle's intention. I... I can't... I can't explain it. I don't wanna' seem selfish or throw her off track, but Michelle and I have so much to chit-chat about. I've never been so excited for our future. I've never been so honored to be a part of something."
The large crowd is somewhat still in a frenzy and Molly is stunned where she is standing. She never sat back down. Michelle see's Molly and walks over to her seat. She looks Molly in the eyes and smiles at her. Unbeknownst to everyone, Molly shoots up in the air, twisting, kicking and screaming all the way. She isn't panicked. Her screams are from excitement like a kid would be thrilled on a theme park ride. She reaches roughly 12 feet in the air and evidently being playfully tortured with full-body spins that are forcing her long, straight, black hair to perform contortions. People are cheering, some clapping and the rest laughing -- listening to Molly be a "good sport". She closes her eyes to help stabilize her screams of excitement. Feeling the spinning is obviously less mind-boggling than seeing the world transformed into a blur. The audience is amazed and more relaxed than when they'd seen Michelle first take flight. As Molly began to descend back into her seat, the crowd cheered and marveled. While the whispers were still thick and full of amazement, Michelle sits herself next to Makalesi on the stage and looks at her. Apparently she began sending her new friend a telepathic message. Everyone quieted their chatter with an impressive disciplined matter. The gorgeous Fijian scholar tilted her head a bit to tune her ears for a more clearer reception. 
She then shook her head "no" saying;
"I can't. I can't hear you clearly Michelle. It's all fuzzy I'm so sorry."
Something has went wrong with the telepathy between them. It's more than likely a "receiver error", but that didn't concern Michelle. She gladly reaches into her backpack that's settled next to her on the couch to pull out her emerald colored pencil and thick notepad. She places it in her small lap. A camera hurried behind Michelle while a large white projector screen (used extensively in many philosophical debates here on the Sa Neter Show) motored downwards to broadcast what Michele (growing affectionately known as Shorty on this stage) was preparing to write. As she started, the dialog focuses big and clear enough for everyone to read.

"It's just as difficult to write in this tongue as it is to think in it. I will attempt to explain what my mind is trying to convey. If what I write becomes unclear to you this day, instead love the truth that someday it will be clear to you. This work (and greater works) can be made to manifest materially through internalizing that you are a fraction of all that is. Thoughts also exist elsewhere. Physics governed by *All is governed by you that dwell in *All. The intermingling of manifested and the dematerialized are faculties bestowed upon any who has achieved existing as *Is, *Was and *Will. In this realization you become the source. You become aware that you're only manifesting and manipulating extensions of yourself. All this happens consciously that is receiving *self from being selfless. Disagreeable comes when one piece of the connected controls other pieces of consciously connected without the consent of freewill. Potentiality is increased in the absence of all frequencies that disagree with love. Even fears. When *I AM ME transmutes into *ALL IS WHAT I AM A PIECE OF, the creator is fully aware. Traversing realms and traveling cosmic distances is causality."
"Gah_dayum Shorty."  
Sa Neter broke the silence in the room that was defining contrasted to when the demonstrations were being performed. The only one that honestly seemed to be understanding all this (that's being read silently) is Makalesi who's sitting right next to Michelle (Shorty). 
As the show came to a close, Makalesi delivered one more address.
"We will definitely keep in touch Michelle and thank you so much." 
She was answering Michelle who apparently (and obviously) asked to contact Makalesi later. The two smile and exchanged a kiss. The girls followed Junior back stage. No Q&A was offered as the show ended with yet another great cliffhanger. The three dancing ladies were seen entering Juniors room, but never witnessed coming out. They had traveled back to the Philippines in the same manner that they arrived in New York. The world is buzzing and (both) Sa Neter and Makalesi were now more "celebrity" than ever before. They're a part of a historical happening. Played important roles in the evidence that spawned a new dispensation. One things' for sure, what's just been demonstrated here today on the Sa Neter Show is that Michelle can (not only) manipulate her own physical reality, but can also govern the physics of other's as well. The Sa Neter Show made world news. Some are skeptical reports while most others are reports reverencing Michelle as a Messiah. 
Headlines around the world have cetchy headlines.
["American, Polynesian woman defies physics on The Sa Neter Show."]
All-of-a-sudden, everybody is desperately wanting to know when her next appearance would be? Where it could be expected? The social media feeds were jammed with updates and blogs pondering if this were some sort of magic or something beyond it? The world is starting to ask questions. Michelle has started something. An awakening.
During an exclusive Presidential interview on the nationally syndicated "Late Night with Jake Lento Show", Jake got to ask the President what his thoughts were about Michelle and how she's making news.

[Host: Jake Lento] 
"So we've briefly covered some politics and current events!... What about the "GIRL ON FIRE" that's making headlines all around the world? Here comes a dancer who's started doing seemingly impossible things. The world is starting to believe she's the real deal. What's your stance?... What's your opinion on that Sir?"
[President of the United States] 
"You know what? Uh_, she's uh, definitely captured the hearts of this nation. Uh, she really has become a worldwide focus. That's for sure. Uh_ I,... I don't know if what she's doing is real -- to be honest with you. Uh, I mean,  but what is real? Right? I can say this though. Uh, it's impressive. It's entertaining. Shoot, even my girls at home say they'd love to be at one of Michelle's performances someday. They wanna' meet her."
[Host: Jake Lento] 
"Interesting. I personally don't fall for magic RIGHT? Uh,... but this appears to be more than just parlor tricks Mr. President. Right? I mean, people are passing out witnessing this stuff. What's her name? Michelle!... Yes. That's it. I have to be honest Sir, she's got my attention."
[President of the United States] 
"And that's just it. Um,... if this is real, we're talking about a god aren't we? Um,... I just,... I just don't know if...uh, I'll tell you what! When she can change the color of the sun, I will let you know when I'm on board. Deal?"
[Host: Jake Lento] 
"That's a deal Mr. President. I know your schedule is a busy one. Thank you for stopping by. It's been a pleasure Sir.
[President of the United States] 
"Well, I needed some unbiased time away from the big house. [He winks]. No problem Jake. Any time."


Chapter 18   WELCOME ABOARD
Junior did a great job of evading the paparazzi on his way to the airport. The girls utilized their special vehicle and returned to the Philippines. Here they had their dancing obligation planned. When they arrived, news of The Sa Neter show was buzzing at this junction of the globe as well. Local citizens were talking in all their local tongues while (oddly enough) the girls were hardly recognized.

"Hey Misty? Whats up with the blonde hair? You're not totally European! Don't you know the hottest new hair color trend is taking the all-natural route. A news articles are calling them babylights. They're natural-looking highlights that are supposed to mimic the sun-kissed tones your hair took when you were younger. You see'em all the time on TV. Real popular with the beauty buffs and Hollywood types. In reality, all babylights do is enhance your own natural color without goin' too far."
"So you're telling me that babylights are the most-requested look this season huh?"
"That's exactly what I'm saying Misty."
"So basically your natural color is the main color? And I'd just be adding accents to create the hottest look!"
"Yes. It's low-maintenance too. And what's so neat about it is that a few well-placed babylights can make your existing style look healthier and more dynamic. Can I do your hair tonight Misty?"
"You sound like a pro and for some reason, I don't think I have a choice." Misty answered.
"Here, let me show you."
Molly grabbed her bag and had everything she needed. She started right away.
"To create the right look, we'll focus on your hairline, your natural part, and the ends of the hair." Molly advises. 
"The highlights will end up being baby-fine around the hairline and in the crown. The rules say they should have a soft graduation of color that is two shades lighter at the ends, but I'm not a hair coloring expert. You're just gonna' have to trust me." Molly laughs at herself.
"Oh lord Molly. Please don't frag my hair up."
"Misty? Aren't you tired of dying your hair blonde? Besides, all I'm gonna' do is try to make it look like you've spent a lil'extra time in the sun. This may work to enhance your tones, but don't think you can skimp on the after-care."
Two hours later, Molly unwraps Misty's hair and the coloring spoke for itself. 
"Wow, I like it. Actually, I kinda' love it. It just looks more natural. Thanks girl."
"Ok, you know what? You can't be sayin' {actually} around me."
"Shut-up Molly. Now it's your turn right?"
"Oh hell nah'. You aint' going nowhere near my hair."
Michelle, Molly and (the improved) Misty eventually found the dance arena.
"There's the main building. Let's go have a look inside." Molly says.
As they entered the venue, they see five small stages that surround a main stage with the largest speakers on it. It's appreciated in the eyes of Molly who's soaking all this in. She'd wondered what this looked like from the inside. On closer look at the venue Misty noticed its lack of professional sponsorships. 
"This dance tour is nice, but it isn't really a serious competition at all. It's more of an internationally celebrated party for dance enthusiasts." Misty says.
Michelle smiles real big and gives a thumbs up. This is good news to her. The spirit of competition really isn't in this dancer. The arena's got big "presence" and the competition aspect is casually real, but the reward here is recognition more than anything else. This entire tour event is only being broadcast across the internet. At first it seemed minor league'ish, but it's ok for these girls. They didn't mind at all.

When the event started, Michelle, Misty and Molly danced. They were admiring each other's abilities more than the crowds that applauded. Event after event these girls grew popular as "the ones to eat". This is a compliment in this dancing culture. The goal is to ultimately out-dance the best in your genre. Michelle and her crew just want to dance. After several hours rotating between dancing and being spectators, the trio were confident. Their bonds were strengthened and they were plenty satisfied. It didn't seem to matter to them whether they kept on progressing into the competition or entertained thoughts of getting ice cream together. What had happened in New York made this internet dance competition seem so trivial. Deep down inside Misty and Molly, they desired to explore the world. Meet people and continue learning from Michelle.
"Molly you are welcome to join us in the states. Your family is fine and safe here. You've desired this venue longer than us. Do we all stay and dance the next event or leave here satisfied with this venue and tend to other stuff?" 
"Molly didn't hesitate.
"Ta'hell with all this. My family is fine now. I'm rollin' with ya'll. Let's get out of here."
And so the duo became a trio.
"Where are we going Michelle? San Diego?"
Misty was curious about what their next big adventure would be. She's excited to have a third girl to share Michelle's friendship with. Someone that could talk as free as she talked. Their next move would include them all. Michelle placed her hand on her chin -- thinking. Back to San Diego where she and Misty were from?... But why? Aside from Molly being 16years old, they're adults now.
"Why should we go back to San Diego? I'm 19, Michelle your 20... We can do our own thing now. The world is a big place with many places to go. So many cute guys to meet. We can live anywhere. Right Michelle?	
She's absolutely right. Going back to San Diego is a very unpractical option because paparazzi was sure to disturb the life's and lifestyles of their beloveds residents. If they showed up at those unguarded residences, it would've been an evasion of their family's privacy with the fleets of news anchors bidding for any interview they could squeeze in. Besides; they have as much important work to do as they had fun to experience. Even Junior has gone looking for his own private retreat.
 At this moment, the wide-eyed cutie smiles. She must be thinking of somewhere specific. They all went together, retreating to a secluded closet and shut the door behind them. They take a seat in the dark. Just like before, the girls are draped with a large wool blanket. The dark turned into the darkest of darkness's and in a moment the blanket is pulled away and they discover they are in a small abandoned barn house where there's hanging tobacco leaves that had been drying for weeks. When the shivering subsided, they opened the barn door and could see a cab waiting. The driver was hospitable with his country accent. After they enter the cab, the friendly driver starts small talk. 
"You three must been the three that called. Aint' no one else out here but ya'll lonely souls. "
Michelle gives him a thumbs up validating his assumption.
"Where the fudge are we going?" Molly asked the driver.
"Dispatch told me ya'lls headed to Opry Mills Mall about 15 minutes out right?" 
Misty turned towards Michelle with great excitement. Her smile was wide open.
"Now don't go changin' your little girly minds, I got my GPS already set for there."
The girls are in Nashville, Tennessee. Ironically, only 45 minutes away from the military post that Michelle lived as a baby before. It's home to the screaming eagles 101st division that Michael was attached to when he was last seen climbing into the big green plane. He was heading for war when Michelle last laid eyes on her dad. As the girls approach the mall entrance, the people are hospitable. Everyone is tending to their business when the girls enter through the front entrance. The mall is a gathering of manufacturing outlets. All the leading clothing lines are featured at this mall. The store signage's above each outlet were all exclusive to that particular company. Each shop only catered to that particular company's products, shoes or clothing lines inside of it. This mall is arguably a ladies dream shopping experience. This mall is Nashville's nicest mall. It's located in a busy but upscale neighborhood with loads of shops and restaurants nearby.
"Oh... My... God!" 
Molly has never seen a place like this. So large, so colorful. A place that smelled so damn tasty.
Michelle hands her a white card that Molly gladly used to purchase everything and anything she could carry. 
"American malls are the best Molly. They're extremely convenient. In addition malls provide They have lots' of stores to choose from and malls are great places for entertainment. The boys and here are so much hotter than in school. My favorite malls are totally indoors like this one. You don't have to worry about gettin' rained on. And they're air conditioned just right. ... So comfortable while you get your shopping on'. Where do we go first? The specialty shops? Bath and beauty? Music City? Or do we just go with the traditional soft line department shops?"
Molly gave Misty the perfect rebuttal.
"Aint' nothin' traditional to me. This place is fuckin' gorgeous and I wanna' see all of it."
"Hey! Watch your mouth. We're ladies. Sophisticated, rich ladies." Misty says playfully.
"Yeah, yeah, yeah. Ta'hell with that shit. What's my spending limit blondie?"
"How about you go with what you can carry.  I ain't carrying nothin' for nobody today."
"That sounds good to me. I'm little, but I can carry a lot of shit. This is the day I totally reinvent myself." 
The way Molly confessed this made Michelle laugh out loud. She's enjoying the dialog between her closest friends. This is gonna be a long day.
"Maybe you should start with reinventing your mouth [they all laughed]. Let's go."
As the girls squander about the mall, the buttered popcorn from the theatre is calling Molly's name.
"Oh my damn. If I wasn't so hungry, I could totally go for that popcorn. It smells so frickin' good right now. I need some real food-though."
"Christie Cookies has always been my favorite. That and A Pretzel Place too? Yummy." Misty says. 
"Ooh, look ya'll, this mall even offers concert events during the holiday periods."
As one can easily see, the mall is a great place to shop and enjoy your friends. When a young lady (or group of ladies) is looking for convenient shopping or entertainment, there's no place that beats the mall. 
"Next time we come here, I'm bringing my backpack to help carry my shit."
Molly rarely said thank you. She'd allude to it in words of appreciation.
"This is officially my favorite place to shop in Nashville. I don't even know how to shop for high end stuff like Betsey Johnson, Louis Vuitton, Tiffany, Burberry, Williams Sonoma and Bebe.
I'm used to small versions Dillard's and Macys though. I've never been inside a real Cheesecake Factory, or Express, or Gap, or Banana Republic or Victoria's Secret."
Four hours and a lunch-break later, they jump into a shuttle big enough for them and their bags. Misty observed Michelle handing the driver a small card. When he started to input data into his GPS unit, Misty wondered where they were all off to next. The girls were too excited scrambling through their purchases to ask questions. They're on their way to an all exclusive property. A place they'd be proud to call home. A place where the next chapter in their purposeful lives would start.

MICHELLE'S ESTATE
As the shuttle finished a series of secluded path ways that extends deeply amidst tall shumard oak and red cedar trees, the vehicle arrived at huge double gated community facing the woodsy outdoors. These door are so solid and so high that buildings could only be presumed to be behind the privacy walls. Before the first set of gates opened, they can't help but notice the huge 48inch lettering over the gate entrance that reads "F.O.L.K.S.". Then the second (smaller) set of security gates slowly swung wide open. The driver had to drive through these massive gates to see the many acres of unbelievable gardening that spread a quarter mile before the main building was reached. This is a very high-end, exclusive fortress. A self sustaining city by most expectations.   
"Is this a new community or one of y'alls ridiculous home?" 
"I dunno' driver." Misty responded.
"Hell, I never seen this place here before. It's nice whatever it is.” he complimented.
His southern-draw is thick, but the girls understood him enough. Michelle pointed to herself with that big beautiful smile. She smiles like someone would be smiling after just created something special. She's indicating that this is her home. But this is hardly a home at all. This estate is beautifully modernized in every way -- even being made entirely of organic materials. The long private driveway is composed of winding black granite. Again, there's those (individually lighted) letters over the main entrance doors "F.O.L.K.S.". This time they're smaller, but still intended to be the first thing noticeable [even] before patrons entered the main building. No one had any way of knowing what those lettering means. Not just yet (anyway), but they resonated with a powerful font. The whole property is resonating something familiar to Misty. It's the frequency of awareness that endows Michelle's flesh. All the buildings (small and large) are surfaced with solid slabs of Egyptian granite trimmed in alabaster. The roof tops are lined with large emerald neon light tubing. They bend around the curvatures of the roof tops flawlessly as one continuous light feature. Every building here now looks similar to the Emerald Plaza Building in San Diego. These weren't as high, but they are twice as brilliant. The main door is massive, embossed with symbols and oddly light as a feather to maneuver. There are no visible security measures protecting the compound. It's as if this place didn't need locks. As if it's being protected by something much more powerful than any security system. All three of the girls walk into the resident as the taxi drove off. Molly and Misty couldn't help but gasp at how the living area is mind-boggling spacious. This was accomplished (too) by the entire wall being constructed of glass. It successfully separates the main house from the back patio. It's letting so much sunlight kiss the interior, that it became obvious why there was no need for lighting. 1st and 2nd floor glass wall panels are not tinted. The third floor panels (however) are tinted dark for privacy. There's three separate seating arrangements large enough to each host their own groups of fellowship. Though they're close enough to each other and no walls divided these spaces, the high open-ceiling architecture is an achievement that exposes the fancy railings that safeguard the second floor spaces. The chandelier must weigh a ton. Hundreds of white crytstals dangle somehow sending a personal invite for a closer look. Every wall and all the floors are of several types of hard earth minerals (depending on what room you explored). The third floor is made accessible by two winding staircases.
"These staircases go to the third level. What's up there?... Let's go."
Michelle shook her head "no" and motioned her finger to mean the same. This was the only part of this enormous property that Michelle did not allow the tour. It's assumed and quietly understood to be her personal space. It's obviously where her sleeping quarters and meditation chambers would be. Interestingly, the third floor spans across the same square footage as the floors beneath it. There has to be a ridiculous amount of space up there. Was all of it a single space or is it comprised of a dozen rooms? Michelle decides to show the young dancers that they have designated rooms for each of them. First was Misty's room. The double door had a beautiful signage on one of them that read "Misty". Misty opened the door and noticed firstly how the high ceiling must be climbing into the third level of the building. The room was adorned in Misty's favorite color. The theme here is pink and 24kt gold. The large canopy bed sat gorgeously in the center of a vast space four times as large as Misty's bedroom in Clairmont Mesa. The custom furnishings nearly caused Misty to collapse. The custom 100 gallon saltwater fish tank didn't come close to stealing the show. The bathroom was pure royalty. It's fitted with a personal spa. The closet space must be claiming some of the space from the third level. There's a baby-grand piano and a kitchenette complete with a full bar. The balcony overlooks the front gardens that wrap around the driveway down below.
"Are you frickin' kidding me Michelle? This is a dream. This is a frickin' dream. I love it. I love you. I love love..."
She hugged and kisses on Michelle_who's smiling as wide as Misty's room.
"What about me? Do I get a room?"
Molly is happy for Misty, but she's also realizing she hasn't known Michelle as long as Misty has. Her concern for a space that was just as marvelous was valid (as far as she was concerned). They step back into the second floor open hallway. It allows them to see the whole of the bottom level. The next room has a set of double doors that read "Molly". Molly covered her mouth in dramatic suspense. The signage is exactly like same as Misty's. The festive doors are swung open and Molly let in a huge breath before she collapses onto the soft Tabriz carpeting that lines the entire floor. Molly awakened to a room that was not a dream. Her space is identical to Misty's, but the color scheme was of her favorite colors -- beautifully adorned in yellow with platinum trimmings. The whole room's layout is in reverse compared to Misty's room, but otherwise completely identical. They continued to tour (riding a small elevator back to the first level) and walked out the back door (of the main building). The incredible deck had two masterful built-in bar-b-que's that faced a long-running outdoor swimming pool down a short flight of several stairs. On one side of the pool is a rear parking lot where the 3-bedroom guest houses look like miniatures of the main house. They too were skinned in the black granite. And on the other side of the pool is a full size basketball court, a audio recording studio and a fitness gym. 
"Oh my god, oh my god. I'm dreaming. !!I'm frickin' dreaming!!! Are those?..."
Misty covers her mouth and fights to keep herself standing. The magic of imagination and the gift of belief is all being witnessed through Misty. She's watching a small flock of white unicorns clear the tree line. As they did, the six unicorns galloped to within 30 feet of the girls. 
"What the hell?" Molly didn't hold her tongue. "Really?... Unicorns?"
"Oh my god, they're beautiful Michelle. Absolutely gorgeous. I wanna' touch one."  
Six unicorns (perfect in every way imagined) stand grazing peacefully. Misty starts to walk to them for a closer look. She doesn't notice Michelle smiling behind her.
"Misty you're gonna' scare them away, doofus."
"No I'm not Molly. __ These can't be real right? 
She's within reaching distance to the closest one. It's tall and confident. 
"Oh my god, they're real. I have to ride one. I just have to ride this one. Tennessee has unicorns. We found them.... wait a minute... Michelle?"
Michelle released herself to laugh hysterically loud. MIsty starts to figure that Michelle has manifested these unicorns like she manifest the $500 dollar bills. It's magic. But still, it doesn't matter how these manifested to Misty. Her attention returned to the unicorns.
"It doesn't matter how they got here." 
She says while she pets and appreciates one's perfection. 
"They're here. And this one right here, this one's mines." 
The moment is cut short when Molly looks past the flock and notices something else lurking on the tree line.
"Oh shit! Is that what it looks like?"
Molly took off running in the opposite direction only to realize that her fear was hers alone. Misty nor Michelle followed her. Even the unicorns show no fear. Molly has spotted one of the several gardens (scattered about the property grounds) is being guarded by a huge lioness standing under a large tree. Michelle shows no cause for concern and gets its attention sucking through her teeth. The beast struts lazily past the unicorns and up to Michelle's hand. It's abnormally huge and apparently big enough to snack on any three of these human appetizers, but it doesn't. It seems to have its appetite in control. The lion has never literally been called BAST aloud (nor does it recognize it to be its name), but Misty observes it has a collar with the inscription "BAST" on it. So it's assumed to belong to Michelle and BAST is the name of this tamed kitten. Can't blame Molly for her panic. It's a closed property that's so vast, it appears to be open. It's an illusion that tricked Molly into considering large animals like the lioness (and others not native to this land, state or country) could be roaming here freely. Flanking this estate is (2) multiple story dormitory style buildings. The bottom levels were classroom spaces the second floors have large luxury sleeping quarters worthy of several dozen Queens. The third floor is a mixture of dance spaces and more fitness centers. Everything here looks as if it'd never been sat in. Never been slept in nor eaten out of. Whatever these grounds intend to achieve hasn't been set in motion yet. 
After they've settled in the main room, Misty simply asked.
"What's going on here Michelle?"
Michelle grabs her notepad and emerald colored pencil. She has been anticipating this most obvious question. The girls hurry to her side preparing to read what's on her wise mind.
"A few hours ago this place didn't exist. I created this place while we were shopping. I created this address also. Everything here is under my protection. Nothing here needs be feared. No manifested thing will succeed in bringing me harm. We'll have many dancing engagements to enjoy. The two of you will have many boys bidding for your attention and affections. Perhaps even mines. We have many friends to make that will choose to be reconnected. This place will host a sisterhood of socializing and fun with fellowship. There's plenty of space here for these purposes."
All is well and ended well.
	
It's been a couple of weeks now in the oversized home. Everyone is getting to really know Molly. She's tuff, she's hardcore. But she's also a very hyper teenage child that likes to rough-house. Everyone has a love language. A way they specialize in being affectionate towards people.  For Molly it's working up a sweat with play-fighting. She'd failed to provoke a wrestling match with Misty. The blonde headed girly never answered Molly's aggression to start a bedroom grapple. 
"Stop Molly. Dang. I am not about to mess up my hair playing with you."
Truth is; Misty is a flirt, not a fighter. It isn't long before Molly discovered a hidden talent of Michelle's to be as physically strong as she is physically adorable. The first time Molly started to pick a fight with Michelle, (ding ding ding) it was on. She understands that Molly just wants attention. Molly doesn't know it, but she's wanting to be affectionate and love on someone. The seventeen year old is vibrant and full of spunk. The two of them have something very special in common. They both refuse to grow up any faster than they have to. This is why Michelle always elected to give Molly a run for her money. Why not?... It's loving. It's fun.
Secretly Misty became utterly entertained by the occasional rompers. She needed a cover-up so when she witnessed Molly and Michelle chasing each other through the spacious house. Her standard reaction became:
"Oh, gosh. Again ya'll? Give it a rest already."
She never made effort to "follow the action", but if the fight was anywhere in her line-of-sight, she quickly became the sideline instigator.
"Ah-ha Molly. How you gonna' pick the fight and end up being the one pinned down? That's what you get."
 Molly screams. "Misty help me!"
"Yeah right! I aint' got nothing to do with that."
Michelle would pin Molly down just long enough that Molly knew she'd lost this branch of the fight. As soon as Michelle would released her to scamper off with Molly giving chase to yet another room in the house. This went on for hours sometimes. She'd catch Michelle, they flounder around (trying to out-strength each other), Molly would be pinned down and Michelle would take off running. All this with laughing in the spirit of child's play. These playful altercations started happening more than often. They usually ended up with Michelle hugging Molly to indicate she'd had her share of exercise. But today this isn't the case. This evening a similar call for tom-foolery was achieved and answered. Michelle knew this was Molly's way of loving. The exercise was very aerobic. After an hour of running around the house and turning the hallways into unsuccessful escape routes, Molly jumped on a bed where Michelle was eager to win another campaign. They start rumbling and flipping each other over on the large bed several times. Pound-for-pound Molly is a true contender for her small size. She jumps on top of Michelle, straddles her and manages to pin Michelle on her back. With Michelle's hands being held down by Molly's, it seems this would be the perfect time for Molly to catch her breath a bit. It happened instantly. Molly kisses Michelle intimately on the lips. It's a different kiss. It's open mouth kiss and very intentional. Michelle isn't used to this kind of kiss. Molly is kissing her like two lovers would kiss each other after a play fight. Somehow, all this love language of fighting and wrestling has worked Molly up into a hot zone. Or has she been secretly harboring feelings for Michelle all this time? The miss-placed kiss lasted 4-5 seconds before Molly unsealed her lips from Michelle's (who never closed her eyes to enjoy it). Michelle never truly answered the kiss. At least not to insinuate the desire for more. She just accepted it in the intent of accepting a gift from someone. Molly is still straddling her with her hands restraining Michelle's from moving. It's unnecessary because in this moment, there's no struggle. No resistance. They're faces are close enough to feel each other's breath as Molly gray eyes are looking directly into Michelle's. She's waiting for a response. Any reason to know if Michelle was for or against this. She's experiencing Michelle's investigative stare. A stare that's looking into Michelle's soul. Lasting twice as long as the kiss, Molly lowers her frequency and releases Michelle. Whatever she was looking for isn't being found. Although Michelle has practiced utilizing her principle for the intent of high frequency meditation, she's just isn't capable of entertaining sexual energy for the leisure of just feeling good. She's never pondered helping someone else achieve sexual pleasure. Especially without the intent of initiating the tantric arts for kundalini work. Molly rises off Michelle and sits up on the bed avoiding eye contact. She's a tad embarrassed because she doesn't understand that Michelle was simply experiencing the energy as a curious spectator; not a participant. She decides to get off her back and give Molly a hug. Michelle has always had a gift of hugs that are ripe with love and nurturing. This one was no different. It's deliberately tight and lasting as long as the awkward kiss did. It's exactly what Molly needs to help her distinguish any guilt, shame or embarrassment that was trying to festure in her spirit. They smile at each other before Michelle places a small kiss on Molly's mouth unsuggestive'ly. In her wisdom, Michelle is telling Molly you did nothing wrong. This is the only kind of kiss I'm familiar with sharing. After the peck on her lips, her response to Michelle is simple.
"K." 
"Hey!!! Where you guys at?"
It's Misty roaming the second floor hallway. 
"Why is it so quiet in this mutha jugga? Where are you guys? Who got hurt? Hello?"
She's hoping no one had finally gotten hurt as she long expected someone would. Molly jumps out from around a corner to startle Misty successfully.
"!!AaaHHH!!! You bitch!"
Michelle laughs out loud as she enters the hallway because she witnessed Molly set up for the successful ambush. No harm, no foul. This home is back to its normal level of loving dysfunction. 








Chapter 19  JUST RELAXING
The girls have been enjoying their new environ-ment at the F.O.L.K.S. fortress for several months now. It's safe, plentiful, vibrant and it's prepared to entertain any number of visitors for any length of time. Surely Misty is thinking about dating. Molly may even be thinking about having a love interest. 
At Michelle's estate, anything is possible. Misty is wearing her favorite pink pajama's sitting on Molly's bed. She's enjoying seeing Molly so excited about having her own room. Misty is excited to because she recognizes that Molly has a need for someone to express her excitement to. Misty delighted at this opportunity to know Molly even better.  
"Misty?"
"Yeah wsup girl?"
"I've never had a big sister figure before. I wanna' ask you something, but you better not laugh." 
"Alright. I promise I won't laugh. Spit it out wsup?"
"Well... If me and you ever love each other like you and Michelle love each other, can I call you my big sister?"
"Oh my gosh Molly you so' silly. Of course you can. Hell, you can call me your big sister now."
	Molly politely interrupts. "Nah' no I can't. When I do, I wanna' know in my heart that it's how I feel and what I deserve." 
"Fair enough Molly. You seemed like a tough cookie in the Philippines'! Whatchu_gettn' all mushy for?"
"First off, I am tough. I'm a hustler aight_blondie? Don't even go there. I just see what Michelle is to you and I kind of want that. That's all."
"I've never had my own room. This is crazy right?"
"Molly, no one has ever had a room like this. I'm sure this even passed Michelle's expectations. Oh my gosh; you've never been to Michelle's room in San Diego have you? It's awesome, but even this is comparable. I bet you the third floor is built and furnished like a miniature heaven."
"Misty, I'm not so sure If I believe in a heaven. I'd rather know that I'm making the right choices. The thought of a dude watching me kinda' creeps me out to be honest with you."
"Well, Molly I'll tell you what! It's like I'm finding out who my best friend is all over again. Heaven or no heaven, she's something special. If there is a god, Michelle is the evidence. If she is God, I've already seen and felt enough to believe in her."
"Damn Misty. That was deep. Where is Michelle anyways? Let's go find her."
They both ran up to the second floor railing just outside Molly's bedroom. As they stood looking and searching for movement, the doorbell rang. The tone was a soft enchantment of chimes and pleasant bells. It's immediately recognized as a doorbell because it rang through the whole house. As they both answer the door, they're greeted by a pizza delivery boy.
"Hello ladies! ....The food you ordered...."
The girls look at each other and smile. 
"How much do we owe you?" 
They're feeling devilish. Or apparently wanting the delivery boy to think they're feeling devilish.
"It's already been paid for, but if you want to toss me a generous tip?... That'd be nice."
The pizza delivery boy is tall, clean and has deep blue eyes. He's sporting a wallet chain and Air-walk shoes. More than likely a skater. Misty notices his name tag and flirts a bit.
"Here's five hundred dollars Ronnie, you wanna' deliver that upstairs to my comfortable bed?"
"You're the funny one. Ok. I got it. But seriously though, you're giving me $500? That'd be a first for a tip I ever got."
"Did you just say tip or tit? You must've said tip, cause I aint' got no tits." Molly says amusing herself.
"That's a good one. You're both comedians. Well thank you both for the TIP. Is this a house? Both of you live here?"
Molly smiles into the serious version of herself.
"We do now. We're new to this city. We're from out-of-state. It's owned by our good friend Michelle. She also answers to the nick-name Shorty. "
Misty chimed in and took the lead for a invitational flirt.
"If you got other friends that like to have clean fun, maybe we'll have to order a pizza more often?"
"Definitely. But the next time I see you, I'll probably want your attention all to myself. My buddies can just eat pizza."
After Ronnie hands over the two pizzas, he smiles at Misty and walks back to his car. The girls decide to take the pizza to the grand ballroom. It's big, pretty and the space was friendly and familiar. They'd already been in there earlier today before they wandered off upstairs. Michelle finds the girls there laughing and enters the huge ballroom. She's independently excited about something else. Her cell phone is in her hand.
"Lemme see whatcha' got there. You been text'n someone?"
Misty politely grabs the phone and reads a text message conversation Michelle was entertaining with Makalesi. 
["I will leave San Francisco in three weeks to visit you Michelle. I promise. I'm excited! See you soon."]
"Oh _so she's coming to visit? Cool. I really like her."
"We can all go shopping." Molly says.
"Ah hellz nah' Molly. We aint' waiting for her to get here to go shopping. Let's call a cab. It can be here by the time we get done eating."
	
The next day (while Misty and Molly are walking around the gardens) Molly has some reasonable concerns. After all, she doesn't know Michelle as well as Misty does.
"Misty! How long have you known Michelle?"
"Um,... We were in the same dance class when we were twelve."
"How does anyone get to own a place so huge? You say she created this place. And the cars? I don't understand. How can she can do the things she's does. Doesn't all this make you wonder? I mean, there's magic and then there's what Michelle does."
"I used to wonder Molly. Now-a-days I find it's easier to just believe. I believe that she's a one-of-a-kind. She's shown me things no one else could've shown me. She's teaching me things that I'm actually starting to be interested in. [Misty laughs at herself] If there's a such thing as a WALKING TRUTH, she qualifies more than anybody you'll ever meet." 
"I get what you're saying, I do. I'm just sayin', It's scary what she can do. We disappeared and reappeared in New York. That shit doesn't happen. What kind of magician does that?"
"You don't know her story Molly. She's not a magician. I mean, she is, but not quite. All I know is how fun she is to be around. She's a good person to talk to. Hell, she's hilarious. You'll see Molly. She's no one anyone needs to fear. Her dad died when she was younger. Her mom has basically went totally unstable with depression. Through it all, she smiles a lot. She loves everybody."
"Well with the things she can do, I'm sure as hell glad she's a lover and not a fighter. I guess I kinda' see whatcha' mean about her being special. When she's around, I get all luvy-dubby. That aint' me blondie. I'm hip-hop, Don't get it twisted."
"I know whatchu' mean miss hip-hop. She has that effect on everyone. I've gotten used to it.[Misty laughs inwardly] Actually I'm pretty sure I'm addicted to it. I can't stand to be away from Michelle for too long. Any more than a few days and I feel like I need her to recharge me. I can't explain it. Listen Molly. There's a lot I still don't understand. There's even more I can care less to understand. Michelle lets me be me. Just be yourself. Have fun. Enjoy being a part of whatever the hell is going on. Feel me?"
"I can dig'that Misty. You're not so bad after all blondie'."

The sun rises on another beautiful morning. Tennessee is waking up while the three young ladies start their morning routines. After breakfast, they're sitting around doing nothing when Michelle remembers she'd found a sparkly flyer in a taxi. She's thinking it's a beautiful day to "get out" and go to whatever place was on that flyer. When she found it, she brought it downstairs and handed it to Molly. She points to it with the intent of saying, "I want to go there" or asking "let's all go there? 
"What's that?" Misty asked Molly.
Molly starts reading the decorative flyer aloud so Misty can hear her.
"The Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum? [She laughs] Oh gosh. Are you serious right now Michelle? I'm a hip-hoppin' Filipino with street cred'. I mean; I've listened to a few country tracks that were kool, but I never told a soul...! Ok. Lemme' look it up in my search engine."
"Yeah, Im'a look it up too. I'm not enthusiastic about country' either Molly. Hey! You think they'll be hunks there wearing cowboy boots Michelle?"
Michelle smiles at her blonde friend for the excuse she's making use of to consider going. Shorty' loves and appreciates everything about her flirty friends. The good and the "got a ways to go". Misty reads from an online article she's found.
"It says here that it's the world's largest popular music museum. World's largest? Ok, We're going."
She continues reading the article on the internet.
"It offers exhibits featuring country music legends and today's hottest stars. Country Music Hall of Fame? It's weird, but for some reason I actually do kinda' wanna go. The internet is saying it's the most "Nashville" thing to do."
Molly busts in with a slight hint of frustration in her voice.
 "I wouldn't bother about it if it wasn't showing up on every damn tourist attraction list for Nashville."
A cab was called and they started getting dressed. As each of them frolic in their individual motivations for choosing to go,  this venture is giving them a collective reason to dress up. Flirty denim and button up blouses is the chosen motif for today. Even Michelle has managed to find a pair of country-styled boots for the occasion.
When they arrive, (just outside) they first notice the building is as big as the neighboring city block. It's impressive and has its windows cut out like the black keys on a gigantic piano. Michelle stands staring at the building. They each paid a $25 admission fee and entered inside. The museum is arranged as a timeline of country music from its folksy, backwater roots to its modern glitz-and-glam state. One glass case after another is encasing (often) sparkly performance outfits, instruments applicable to the performer, and brief bios with face shots. Michelle takes her quite time to look at the details each of these displays sought to capture about the artist. All along the way, there's plenty of memorabilia that true country music fans must appreciate. Instruments, gaudy outfits, photographs and awards. 
Molly notices the attractions that cator to kids.
"Oh look! Interactive exhibits and games for kids. That's tight."
Misty is genuinely curious and asked.
"Why is all this junk important? And who's Alan Jackson? 
Molly mocked Misty laughing loud enough to interrupt the surrounding area.
"Obviously it's just a collection of donated items from some random musician to you." 
"Whatever Molly. At least I've heard about the show HEE-HAW."
"Hey! Give me some credit blondie. I knew that was Elvis' gold Cadillac. Ok? Don't gas me because I never heard of Hank Williams. I can care less that he had a crazy collection of boots." 
While the girls are playfully making their points, Michelle is taking it all in. She stops to admire the wall of gold albums that cover the two floors as they all walked down a staircase to the second floor.
"This must be the modern day era." Molly assumed correctly.
"I wonder why the Dixie Chicks and Toby Keith are in the same exhibition?"
"Stop reading into everything Molly."
The austere circular hall that displayed the plaques of the deserving inductees is where Misty observes a young man peeking at her. He's not her type. He's wearing a cowboy hat and a huge belt buckle. He's about her age, but she only welcomed this last chance to be a tease because the tour was almost over. 
"Whatever Misty. I see you girl."
"Don't hate. I just want him to know I know he's lookin'."
"I dare you blow'em a kiss. I double dare you."
"Heck nah'. I don't want him following me home. If he was cute, now that's another story."
As they headed for the exit, Misty spoke up.
"I'm sure true country music fans have hundreds of reasons to love this museum." 
Misty was appreciating the efforts of the curators when Molly interrupted her.
"True fans huh?... Yeah, They're probably from here and were raised on songs about beer, pickup trucks, and hanging out with girls at the watering hole." 
Michelle just shook her head, laughing at Molly. Country music is a proud and historic genre this young soul didn't have it in her to appreciate. After an additional hour of exploring the retailers that accompany the museum, they all sat and ate dinner together at the Two Twenty Two Grill and satisfied their bellies.

"Ok, I've had enough. Let's go home." Misty propositioned.
"Yeah, me too. I'm tired as hell." Molly agreed.
They'd been out long enough having a great time out and about. It was time to head for home.
MAKALESI ACCEPTS	
Makalesi arrived at the airport (as planned). A shuttle awaited for her there and delivered the Fijian scholar to the grand estate being occupied by Michelle's agenda. The shuttle drives through the front gates revealing the complex situated 1/4 mile into woodlands. It stops under the built-in overhang that's large enough to cover several vehicles. Fancy carpet extended from the front double doors, down several stairs to where visitors would first be stepping out their vehicles. Makalesi steps out of the van and overcome by the mere size of the property. The front double doors are also exceptionally overly exaggerated. Michelle swings one of them open and rushes to greet her most anticipated of visitors. Makalesi bends at the knees to receive a hug when Michelle kisses her directly on the lips. 
"Thank you Shorty. ...As beautiful as I remember you. How are you?"
It's exactly the way she kissed her mother Anuhea' years ago. Although Anuhea' is decades aged in front of Makalesi, the Fijian princess (much like in New York) resembled Anuhea' how Michelle remembers seeing her last. Makalesi observed Michelle blushing slightly and did her best to let Michelle know the gesture was accepted as a compliment. That there's no reason to be embarrassed. 
"Oh my Michelle, this place... It's unbelievable. Are all these buildings and houses a part of this property?"
Michelle nods her head "yes" with a singe of bashfulness. As they entered the main living area, Makalesi notices how it's comprised of multiple living area's strung into one long spacious space. Misty and Molly travel down one of the winding staircases to greet the guest. Misty spoke first.
"Hi Makalesi. I remember you. Wow. I love that skirt girlfriend."
"Thank you. Misty right? And Molly... Is it? Nice to see you both again."
Makalesi is second-to-none in glamour. She's wearing a pencil skirt laced with vibrant shades of reds and metalic gold. It compliments her feminine curves beautifully. Her hair is flowing with natural waves that are accented with natural streams of lighter browns. Her "red bottom" high heels clank loud with confidence as her feet made contact with the impressive Egyptian onyx flooring. Makalesi is everything a woman should aspire to be. Intelligent, beautiful and absolutely alive with awareness. The gorgeous 34yr old is classy and in a class of her own. 
There's only a few days to entertain Makalesi. This is a chance to know the Fijian scholar (better) before she's scheduled to return home. Michelle didn't waste any time sending more telepathic communications to Makalesi.
"I'd like us to visit the Dunbar Cave State Park in Clarksville. Is that fine with you?"
Makalesi feels more inclined to "send" her responses from her glossed lips. As far as she's concerned, receiving had its own way of impressing her.
"I hear you. [She laughs] That's absolutely fine with me Michelle."
The Dunbar Cave State Park is located 60 minutes northwest of Nashville. It's has a cave entrance that's famously eight miles in length. It's one of the largest caves in Montgomery County.
 "Wow. This is a huge cave entrance. Look Michelle, there's people square dancing over there. ...And a band! Wow!!! Ok."
"I brought you here because I know you'd properly appreciate the nature here. This place is teaming with life. The energy is amazing. I'm already enjoying it.You feel it Makalesi?"
"I sure do. It's like the trees are telling us a story. Their story. I love watching trees dance across the sky. I regret that we've labeled them trees. They are so much more than a label. ...But of course you already know that. There's nothing I can teach you that you don't already know."
As they started entering the cave, they continue inwardly, but stops before they lost sight of the entrance.
"This cave is pretty old. It must have historical, archaeological and geological significance."
Michelle smiles modestly. She's also looking around as if she's listening to something no one else hears. She welcomes the hospitality of in the room, but she's here to commune with Makalesi, not entertain restless remnants.
"Makalesi, there's nothing researches can learn about this place that they aren't already a part of. They've just lost the sense that connects us. Past, present and future dwell together everywhere." 
"You're awesome Michelle."
She interrupts herself with a humbling discovery.
"Ooh, look. There's drawings on the walls over there. Wow. They must be thousands of years old."
Michelle analyzed them briefly before she made her preference for the outdoors her priority.
"If it's ok with you, I prefer to walk along the trails. They're peaceful and vibrate less."
"Of course Michelle. No problem."
"That's a beautiful lake over there. It's small, but it's adding stillness to this area."
Michelle nods her head to agree with her new friend. After an hour of admiring the winds and several quick breathing meditations, they found themselves back at the visitors center.
"We're back at the visitors' center so I'm guessing this trail has ended. That was kinda cool."
It didn't prove to be much of an adventure, but the time they spent together proved to be exactly what they needed. They grabbed a taxi and headed back to the estate.
      It's the morning after when all four of the girls gathered at the extra large, high-end mahogany dining table where they could pick their preferred breakfast choice. Bear claws, croissants, and a selection of donuts were already at the table. Among the selections of traditional drinks are also wines. All three table extensions were being utilized to span the impressive seating to 142inchs. Fourteen people could easily be feeling like royalty enjoying their meals here. After quick visits to the closest powder room, the group of young woman were being encouraged to have a seat in one grouping of the massive living area. As Michelle stands in front of the three honored souls, there's a long running coffee table (where they have placed their drinks) separates Michelle from the girls. As they got situated comfortably on the couch, a large projection screen descends right above Michelle's head. It brightens and on it reads Welcome to F.O.L.K.S..
It's obvious this fellowship has just turned into a viewing presentation. A scrolling slideshow commences.
"I have a proposal I'd love to start with a demonstration."
At this time, the table (that is still holding their drinks) lifts up off the area rug and slowly flips upside down. The contents in the cups never leave the cups. The table is hovering high above when a crackling sound indicated the mahogany coffee table was being broken. It did so -- splitting into two halves. The halves are now floating upside down with the drinks denying gravity it's natural phenomenon. The table starts performing everything in absolute reverse. EVERYTHING. Inch for inch, the table gathered itself re-assembling every particle. It returned to its normal position on the area rug. As the girls applaud, Michelle then takes a large kitchen knife and inserts it straight through one of her exposed wrists. The girls went silent suddenly. They're shocked. Makalesi covers her mouth. No blood or pain is evident. Michelle  then takes it out and injects the knife through her neck recklessly. The girls gasps in disgust, but again,... no blood or pain was evident. The knife is dislodged and placed on the table. Michelle now points to the projection screen where the following emerald colored message started to scroll upwardly.

"I am without fear of being terminated because I cannot be terminated. Great works have commissioned me before I manifested. Death is a traumatic vibration that cannot distinguish me for I am only partially here. This flesh aligns itself with most of me which is safe in higher dimensions. Initiated ancestral's issued me a chart they will protect lovingly. A chart to unveil deceit and assist man into knowing. The galactic overseers of the gods who created man are also deceived wondering whether man's creation was agreeable or disagreeable to the edifying of *ALL. I am kindred from a much higher realm then the overseers that still doubt the gods that created man. I am the past, present and future that sees everything created has its primordial purpose of choice. It's not man's purpose to self destruct like so many other resurrected family members of light. Not without arriving to when self destruction is their choice. By this knowing, total self destruction would prove impossible because consciousness would've already gained expansion from their collective knowing. Even a families annihilated have been resurrected by returning to them and assisting -- ushering them into higher knowing. This is why it's important to educate and reconnect man. In man's future, they have annihilated themselves. Where I derive from; man no longer exist, form nor formless. I invoke all who enter this fortress to share my compassion for the commission to expand light with truth. With love. An awakening must happen before time deceives the mindless. FAMILY.OF.LIGHT.KINDRED.SORORITY / F.O.L.K.S. is officially an educational and reconnecting center for the development of conscious goddess volunteers who willfully spread knowledge of awareness, spiritual growth and life sciences. To do so with full intent to distinguish deceit, deliver man from destructive belief systems and do this all in the frequency of love. Makales, I'd be honored if you were among the first of my official assistants to help reconnect and empower conscious thinkers."

The Fijian beauty is still taking all this in attentively when she says "YES" with excitement in her voice. Makalesi was answering a call to be what she already was in her own community. An academic scholar, An administrator. A facilitator. Soon she'd be a global household name across all media networks and chat boards. Soon the F.O.L.K.S. property will be flooded with socializing woman of all ages calling themselves "kindred sisters". They' will be calling Makalesi, "Teacher". 
[Michelle continues.]
"Everything you'll need to assist you is yours and already done. There will be several others (in your rank) residing here. They will also be traveling with us Makalesi. You (however) will be the only one capable of periodically being my surrogate voice. For that, all the resources I create and have access to, are also yours. Limitless. 
Misty and Molly, you are my closest of beloveds. Your charge is to continue being you. Experience. No one spends the time with me you'll spend and not be taught. Your evolving is inevitable like Juniors' has begun. Every effort of mine will not be for business. This place is also where parties and mishaps may happen. Girls will be girls. Spirit drinks and mingling boys will ultimately be a part of this juncture. Everyone will be free to exercise freewill here. Very few choices will cause a member to be temporarily disassociated. These details will be explained to the full residency later. For now we'll savor thoughts of this commission and meet back here in several weeks. At that time we'll embark readily to launch a momentous era of excitement, fun, educating and reconnecting.
If there are no questions, This education center is where a momentous era has already begun. I thank you sincerely. This presentation has concluded."

 Misty is first to be thinking outside the box
"The mall hasn't closed yet. let's treat ourselves to what most woman enjoy doing most. Who's down?"
The ladies are satisfied just knowing what the plan was for the next chapter in their lives. Oh the excitement. Michelle already had so many who desired to learn about her and how she's so lovingly god-like. Michelle is planning on paying the students who'd be chosen to attend very handsomely. Better than the base salary of the president of the United States. "NEED FOR NOTHING" has always been Michelle's model and soon a host of consciously connected woman associated with "F.O.L.K.S." will know what that feels like. It's one thing to be spiritually rich, but when you add "financially wealthy", it can be a damaging hurdle on the path to enlightenment. Thank goodness Michelle has not (and will never) charge anyone to be without faults. She understands that we are all here to experience choice. And that we'll fall short of making enlightened decisions. It may not be evident now, but Michelle has had (and will have) her own hurdles to conquer. Very human hurdles.
Chapter 20   MOLLY GOES FAST
Misty is upstairs, in her room with her door open when she hears playing the piano being played downstairs. 
"What the heck? Nobody here plays piano. Do we have company? It's 2 o'clock in the morning."
She slides out of her bed wearing her favorite pink pajamas. As she navigates the hallways and down the elegant winding stairs, sounds of the piano get louder and echo a bit less than when she were further. Misty nears where the music is coming from and decides not to interrupt. She peaks around a corner into where the grand piano has its own room. It's also the first thing everyone notices when entering through the main front doors. 
"Michelle?” she whispers to herself.
Michelle is playing a spectacular rendition of a song titled "Total Praise". The chords are modern, contemporary and almost unrecognizable. It's a beautiful display of improvisation.
The way the voicing's are being approached and infiltrated is amazing. Misty remains quite because she's seeing a level of presence in Michelle she's always reframed from interrupting. Michelle plays a section then stops to jot notes. She repeatedly does this. First she plays and then she scribbles notes.
Molly places her hand on Misty's shoulder.
"Fudge!!! You scared me Molly."
"My bad. I wanted to know who the fudge is playing shenanigans this time of night."
 "SSSHHH!!! Michelle's teaching herself how to play?" Misty says.
"No she isn't. She's writing down what she doesn't wanna' forget." Molly suggested.
"It's kind of like why we video record our practices. Hey, I have an idea Misty..."
"SSSHHH!!! What?"
"How about we ask her? Hey!!! Michelle?..."
Molly jolts out out from behind the wall that gave Michelle privac  before Misty could stop her.
"It's not my fought Michelle. I was telling her not to bother you."
Michelle smiles at them both. She even pats a spot on the bench beside her invitingly. It's Molly who sits down next to the (evidently accomplished) pianist.
"We were over there wondering what you were writing. Let me see here,... Um, all I see is a bunch of numbers and letters Misty."
The paper is riddled with: Cmaj/E, C9 +5/E, E7+5, Dadd9/F#, Cadd9/E,  Cmaj7, Amin11, Aadd9/C#, Cmaj9/E, Dmaj/F#, E'flat maj9, F#min7, Aflat maj7 +5 +11/D, G-flat*m maj7/F, Dflat maj7 +5 +11/A, Amin7/E, Bmin -9/F#, Fmaj9/C, Cmaj11/B, Fmaj7/A, Bdim add9/F, G9sus4, A'flat maj7/C, E'flat add9/G. Molly looks at the scribble briefly before she came to her own conclusion.
"None of this crap makes since to me, but I'll settle for being half right."
"Oh shut up Molly. Michelle, I never knew you play piano."
Michelle wrote her response down.
"I didn't until now. This song was coming from a channel on the television."
She started played the piece in its entirety. 
	
The next morning, Misty and Molly decide to visit the mall again. This time, Misty makes mention of driving a car.
"It sure would be nice if we could drive ourselves places. The cabs are cool, but we're grown now."
Michelle has never seen it this way. In her mind, she accepts everything as it is. It's not like her to want something because it'd be convenient. Even the grand estate was only conjured in this design for serving a purpose. Now that Misty has made it plain that she desires to drive, Michelle has heard her, and was eager to conjure her beloveds desire. She signals for the two ladies to follow her into the living room where she locates a fancy set of emerald writing utensils. She began to write.
"You had'not, because you asked'not. If you would like to drive yourselves beloveds, it is so."
"...But we don't have licenses." Misty says shrugging her shoulders.
Confessing this caused her to giggle. It also caused Michelle to smile as she answered the challenge. She writes.
"You do now. Look into your pockets."
As they reached inside their pockets, each of them found and pulled out drivers licenses. Official drivers licenses. Molly was the first to react. "Whoa. That's crazy. Look! ...My picture and everything."
It's Molly's turn to ask a logical question.
"What about cars? I don't have a vehicle to drive."
Michelle made a hand gesture to follow her. They reached the residential elevator that's situated in the back of the main living space. It separated the large bar into two sections. It took them down into a hidden parking garage area where the door mechanically opened to showcase fifty vehicles. Exotics, imports and crossover SUV's lined the luxurious walls as far as any eye could observe. 
"Oh My God...  No way Michelle. No frickin' way. We've been here all this time and you've been hiding this garage. I'm calling dibs on that yellow bugatti."
Misty laughs with disbelief and excitement.
"Michelle. Are you gonna' tell us that a few moments ago, this garage didn't exist and that you just made this happen right now?"
Michelle smiles at Misty and nods her head "yes".
"The particles that make the things we see also exist elsewhere. In one of many possible realities, these cars are there. I merely barrowed them from that reality. This is part of a process called quantum tunneling being researched and realized by theoretical physicist here today. This theory is part of a deeper truth they have yet to discover. I could've just made the particles manifest from the resources they're made of. I often quantum tunneling to practice it."
"Michelle. You're either a god, or you're an alien. There's no way anyone can do what you do. I demand answers. Real answers."
Michelle is looking directly into Misty's eyes to senses her serious desire to understand all of this. It's Molly who breaks the silence.
"Someone's gonna' have to teach me how to drive a stick." 
Misty knows this isn't the time for the answers she's requesting.
"....Later. Ok?"
Michelle agrees with a nod and a tight hug.
"I wanna' drive it. Can we go to a track? Please?"
	
Three days later when Molly has just about mastered everything she needed to know about manual transmissions. Her practice has made her a fine artist of balancing the clutch and stick. Her motivation was Molly who previously promised that they would visit the Nashville Superspeedway, but only when she felt comfortable driving. Michelle forbade Molly to drive the bugatti before the speedway track.  She knew the bugatti would also be a sweet part of Molly's reward. Plus, she knew it'd be easier for Molly to appreciate the world's most fastest street-legal  automobile once she had a chance to experience another.
"Ok, I'm ready now. I been driving that raggedy piece of crap around the property for three days. I wanna' drive my bugatti. You promised."
	
Nashville Superspeedway is a motor racing complex located in Gladeville, Tennessee. It's about 30 miles southeast of Nashville. Michelle drove Molly to the track. Molly couldn't drive it until they had arrived and "go for launch".
Molly is excited and starts singing to herself. 
"I'm in the driver seat. I'm in the driver seat. Time to go fast. Time to go fast. Ok. Here we go. Seat belt?... Check. Mirrors?... Check. Seat adjustments?... Check."
It is a concrete oval track 1 1/3 miles long. Although there is absolutely nobody in any seats at this time, it's current permanent seating capacity is approximately 50,000 . Molly finds the push-button start that ignites the 8.0-liter quad-turbo W-16 engine. 
"Woo-hoo. Hell yeah."
Michelle is utterly amused. She's also confident that no harm will come to either of them.
"Where's the clutch?"
This car has a seven-speed DSG twin clutch gearbox that didn't need a clutch pedal. 
"Holy crap. Ok. I can dig it. Are these shifters on the steering wheel? ...Nice. I'm gonna' need to get used to this Michelle. This might take a moment. Ok, let's go forward."
As she presses the accelerator to the floor, she views the needle (on the power gauge) wind to 1001 horsepower. The rev counter swings past it's 5000-rpm sweet spot. 
"Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. I can't feel my brain. Fuck me in the ass_this thing is fuckin' sweet. Look Michelle!!! 130mph and it hardly feels like it."
Molly and Michelle are traveling at nearly 137mph when the bugatti switches itself into "handling" configuration. A hydraulic system lowered the vehicle's height and a double-deck spoiler extended for extra stability.
"Soon as we exit this turn, we're going faster. You ready Michelle?..."
     Michelle just sits smiling. She's enjoying Molly's excitement. Even from the luxury of the cabin, the engine was loud and made Molly is hardly understood, but Michelle didn't need to hear her. She knew what Molly's plan was out of the turn.
"Ok, here we go. Yeah, yeah! yeah! 200mph than 210mph than 230mph.... Fu*k yeah. Ok, I'm feeling kinda sick now. Ok... I'm gonna throw up. Not!!! I feel awesome as a possum." Molly screams.
     The bugatti is impressive. Even at 230mph, the handling is stable and enjoyable. Molly circles the empty track 2 dozen times before she gets hungry and decides she's had enough.
"Ok. I'm spent. I officially know how to drive this car. It's mines. Thank you Michelle."
Michelle smiles at Molly to say you're welcome.
"Let's go to awful'house. I want some waffles and syrup."















Chapter 21   EMERALD SUN
	Makalesi visited Michelle as frequently as much as she delighted to participate in meditations and share girl time with the girls. Most times when Makalesi visited, Misty and Molly chose to be out doing what most sisters (with money to spend) would do. They shopped, mall hopped and flirted with boys.
This particular evening, Michelle and Makalesi successfully finished another breathing meditation. With their minds clear, Michelle started sending telepathic conversation to Makalesi. This would give the Sa Neter scholar practice excising her gift of clairaudience. However, Michelle also had a serious intent on her mind.
"There's so many things that can be done (for witnessing), but so many eyes are skeptical. The next demonstration must be something no one can deem a hoax. It must be so big that the whole world witnesses it together."
Makalesi is literally thinking in the right direction.
"Well, for the world to see it together, it'd have to be a demonstration in the heavens."
	Michelle continues.
"I hear you Makalesi. Great job. Yes. Exactly. There's an object out there so big, every eye could  see it if it somehow changed."
"The moon?" Makalesi guesses.
"Yes, but I'm speaking about the sun. If it were to suddenly become emerald, the world would be seeing something they could not deny in the clear skies."
" That sounds like something only a god can do."
Michelle smiles at her Fijian friend and begun to broadcast to Makalesi's conscious mind.
"What is a god beloved? Man has been engineered to be efficient engineers -- created to create. This is an aspect of what gods do. This is all. My specialty may be craftiness while yours may be conjuring. Somewhere a distant kind is being created for compassion, while (further from them) a kind has evolved disagreeable for their capacity of hostility and commandeering. These all have their roles and their overseers. Unfortunate is when creatures engineered to decode the visitation into higher realms exterminate themselves before they seed stars and claim new seats. Their collective experience has been made minimally profitable."
Any average person would've heard all this and felt inadequae for undersanding it. Makalesi is no average mind for understanding these concepts. She knows exactly what her friend (a short statured goddess) was speaking about. 
"...So you're confirming that we are all gods created and or evolved for different feats of potentiallity?" 
"Absolutely. That's very important for kindreds to understand before any engineers can obtain their potential."
Michelle is not perfect. She's never claimed to be. In many ways, she's still human. It's how people come to connect to the smiley-faced talent. It's her human aspects that make her god-like talents so unbelievable. Not the other way around. Makalesi knows Michelle would be deemed a deity if she's able to accomplish this such a sun event. A living, approachable, loveable goddess. Absolutely adorable. Even foul'able. Somewhere deep in Michelle, she must know the world is ready to be properly primed for an "unbelievable jolt of awakening". This is only one (of many demonstrations) that would cause a major shift to happen. Eyes were going to be opened. Billions of minds were going to be forced to expand. This feat would be very difficult and magnificent to ignore.

"Please! Start a campaign from The Sa Neter Show. Announce that the sun will be made emerald in 7 weeks from now. It's new properties will heal many for 24 hours. Include that when the object returns to its manifested state, F.O.L.K.S. will be accepting 314 applications for woman of all ages. Allow them into the awareness of though the facility is under my control, the curriculum will serve the awakening of inner self, reconnecting to inner self, dedication of inner self for the expansion of the collective conscience."
"I sure will Michelle. There will be a lot of disbelievers. They'll laugh at the thought of the sun turning green. Great works that will affect many, require many skeptics. I want you to know that I believe you can do this. I don't doubt you. I'm excited because I know what you're doing here. I feel privileged to be alive witnessing you."

The small campaign has been initiated under Makalesi's tenacity at The Sa Neter Show. [THE MIRACULOUS MICHELLE WILL BE TURNING THE SUN GREEN FOR 24HRS. MANY WILL BE HEALED DURING THE EMERALD SUN SEVEN WEEKS FROM TODAY.]
Although it's only been one day into her initial report, a buzz has been generated with momentum. Makalesi is being quoted across dozens of internet feeds and social media. The largest television news anchor outlets were making a mockery of the claim quoted from  the Sa Neter Show. They seemed unaware that even mocking the claims were creating steam needed to spread news of these claims. Many that heard the news believed they had a healing coming to their individual anguishes while world governments refused to entertain "such outrageous claims".

It's 3 days until the big event. The F.O.L.K.S. fortress created and manifested by Michelle is granting retreat from public inquiry.
"Misty? Do you think the sun is gonna' really turn green?"
"I sure do girl. Michelle has never lied. I have no reason to doubt."
"Yeah, but damn. A green sun? Who thinks of doing that?"
"Great minds think of great stuff. Great friends stand by. Let's go downstairs and ask Michelle where we'll be. I'm excited."
The two find Michelle downstairs demonstrating her skills for making fruit smoothies in the grand kitchen.
"Where will we be when you make this happen Michelle?"
"We'll be in Fresno, California. It's ripe with organic fruit orchards, grape vines and nut trees." 
"Fresno, California it is sista'. Yeah, buddy!!!"
Molly screamed out loud in the full intent to capture everyone's attention.

It's the day of the big event. Michelle, Makalesi, Misty, Molly (and a sleuth of their friends) have just landed in Fresno, CA. The sky is beautiful and seemed to be offering Fresno spectators as clear of a view as possible. When Michelle & Co. finally arrived via shuttle to Chukchansi Park, an announcement alerted the stadium that she had arrived. Over the stadium's loud speakers is (also) where music is being performed festively. The crowd erupted with cheering that must've awoken any sleeping souls in the downtown Fresno area. Whether it was the realization that something was starting to happen or the endless supply of free spirit-drinks being afforded; one thing is certain, (nearly) 17,000 screaming believers are poised to witness Michelle deliver them into a historical happening. They had all been individually been handed a pair of what resembled welder's goggles. The field of Chukchansi Park is riddled with news networks that were only allowing the center of the field to be exposed. The second base position has a circumference of about 15 yards of viewable grass where many are anticipating the ladies to stand and wave to the crowds later. For the time-being it's beaconing as a welcome invitation,... a heart that's pumping a steady flow of optimism through the awaiting stands.
When Michelle and her company finally arrived at the ball-park (via shuttle), it was announced through the loud speakers. "MICHELLE IS IN THE BUILDING".
The crowd erupted with cheers that must've awoken any sleeping locals close to the downtown area. Whether it was the realization that something was finally happening or the endless supply of spirit drinks being served; one thing is certain, 16,000+ screaming believers are poised to witness this impossible feat. 
It's one hour before the said demonstration was due to happen. Here comes Michelle. She slowly makes her way down the tunnel and towards the center of the field. The crowd was applauding and whistling. Half of them that were more excited an hour previously, are now analyzing how small Michelle is in comparison to her friends who walk along side of her. It's her alright. Easily recognizable by the energy she's protruding. Shy. Humble and trying to hide her revitalizing smile. Apparently Molly or Misty has been doodling in Michelle's hair the night prior. Michelle has never straightened her hair before. The natural deep waves had been bone straightened. She's also hard to miss with her emerald attire. She's wearing bright white sneakers, green denim pants and an green wind breaking jacket over a white tank top. Definitely nothing spectacular. In fact, it's oddly casual for someone who's about to amaze the world. The only thing remotely "fancy" is how the girls outfits matched. Molly was wearing the exact same ensemble Michelle had on. The difference is how her color of choice is yellow, not green. Misty's also wearing the denim pants and wind-breaking jacket over a white tee-shirt. Her color of choice is pink. Makalesi is as she always is. All dolled up and elegant. She's donning a beaded gown by Peter Dundes with a feathered-train dress. Simple diamond earrings were on display next to her ponytail (complete with curled ends that gave her look a bit of a bounce) as she made her way towards the center of the field.
	It's 30 minutes until the sun was expected to turn emerald and hold its color for 24hrs. As the young ladies made their way to "centerfield". Michelle wastes no time to shoot upwards and enter into wingless flight. The crowd exploded with chants of her name while some were so astonished, they stood watching in disbelief.
"This must be the appetizer!" 
Makalesi could hardly get it out of herself. She's laughing in total adoration. As Michelle swoosh's over the heads of thousands, Misty and Molly are being asked questions by media outlets that surround them.
"So what else should we expect? Any more tricks? Is the sun really going to turn green?"
The questions were relentless. Luckily, Molly had the personality to handle this type of persistence.
"Hey!... Hey?... Everybody chill out. We're here to see this like you are. Get a hold of yourselves and wait."
Misty stops her before she says anything unbecoming of a young lady. She figured her daring friend Molly has just said all she needed. By this time, the round faced blonde was well-aware of how Molly was prone for offering unsavory dialog. And how she'd say it to just about anybody. This pint-size Filipino girl has the heart of a hip-hop diva. Meanwhile, Michelle is still displaying a great showing of flight. This is miraculous all by itself. After several minutes, she lands onto the centerfield. Media stuck a half dozen microphones in Michelle's face to catch any answer, but instead they're instantly reminded of how she prefers not to speak. 
     It's about 10 minutes until the sun was expected to do something. The world is watching. Governments are analyzing. Can this 21yr old turn the sun green? Can the green sun heal millions as predicted? They'd soon find out. The scoreboard on the field starts a digital 10 minute count down. There's no way of knowing if Michelle would honor the scoreboard's time expectancy. 

Time has arrived and the much anticipated countdown has begun. 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1... Nothing happened. 10 seconds go buy, still nothing. Everyone in the stadium was monitoring the sky through special goggles when a loud thunderous sound rumbled and the sun begun to pulsate. The beautiful light being casted by the sun starts to beat as if it were in rhythm with a human heartbeat. But its still normal sunlight. WAIT A MINUTE! (All of a sudden) The crowd gasps creating a frenzy. Waves of fingers were pointed skyward. Thousands of ooh's and awe's replaced the 10-12 seconds of silent skepticism. In a single pulse, the sun has turned a brilliant emerald color. The sunlight that's reaching the surface of earth is dimmed to half its brightness and casts a slight green colored tinge. Many of the onlookers are finding out (first hand) that there's no longer any need for the free welder's goggles anymore. Their protective devices have just become highly sought-after souvenirs. As the sun pulsates with its greenish color of healing and hospitality, the world will pleasantly be astonished one region at after another. It's Molly who speaks first in the direction of Misty.
"Holy crap that's crazy. A green sun?"
"Actually Molly, it's miraculous. Soak it all in because that_just_happened."
Makalesi is closest to Michelle and spoke of her mind telepathically into Michelle's.
"That's a gorgeous sun miss goddess."
Michelle is watching everyone gaze upward at the sun. While she answers back to Makalesi.
"Much like what we've titled [a flower], these manifested things will always be worth their share of reverencing. Man has grown so passive to this fiery object (and other natural forces that sustain us), he's depreciated its co-existence. This particular demonstration is working to help man reconnect to their appreciation and admiration of this life-giving source. It's title is unimportant. All that needed to be done was change its color."

There's nothing else to do at this time but admire whatever magic work was causing this. News camera's have stopped asking questions. Their focus of attention is now on interviewing locals to gauge Fresno's reaction.
Larry Laxson is a English-speaking Latino-American. He's employed at a popular retail chain (store#1815) located on brawly avenue. He's one of the residents being interviewed by ABC30 Fresno News.
[ABC30 News] "So Larry what do you think about the sun now?"
[Larry Laxson] "It's unbelievable. I mean,...she flew over my head. She wasn't even wearing strings or harnesses. I was like, OH MY GOD. I've never seen anything like this in my life. Now the sun is green? I've seen magic tricks, but this is unlike any card trick I could figure out. I wonder what these welders goggles will be worth!"
[ABC30 News] "Thank you Mr. Lax. And what about you Sir? What's your name?"
[Jerry Lee] "My name is Jerry."
Jerry Lee is a proud Hmong-American. He's at Chukchansi Park witnessing this with his beautiful girlfriend Evid. He's a co-worker of Larry and Jason. 
[ABC30News] "Jerry; you may have seen some weird things in your young life, but isn't this out of this world?"
[Jerry Lee] "This is crazy. We didn't think the sun would actually turn green. Honestly, me and my girlfriend came out to see Shorty and maybe get an autograph. That aint' gonna' happen. We lost sight of her in the crowd. Let's find Jason and grab some pho'." 
Just as Jerry ended his statement, Jason rudely interrupted with good reason. Earlier, he fought to be standing next to Molly (centerfield) while all eyes and the cameras were fixed skyward. He small talked his way into acquiring a personal invitation.
[Jason Sarim] "Bro' I know exactly where they went. Let's go. C'mon."
[ABC30News] "How do you know Mr?..."
[Jason Sarim] "Jason. I was talking to Molly and she handed me this card.
[ABC30News] "What does the card say?"
[Larry Laxson] "Don't tell'em Jason. That's the inside scoop. Let's get out of here."
Chapter 22   A WORLD BELIEVES
It's 2hrs after midday of the emerald sun. The stadium is still very much alive with spectators hoping to spot Michelle anywhere under the green tinge. She's not there. Somehow she (and her company) has escaped from the center of Chukchansi park and are already situated at the Doubletree by Hilton Fresno Convention Center. News reports start congesting television channels about world-wide healings. Small and big conditions spanning from joint pain to patients being healed. Masses of people are waking up out from an Acoma-like status. 
All across the globe headlines were being printed about the sun and miraculous healings. Millions of people who weren't even aware of Michelle are now hearing her name as the cause of the inescapable green. Beneath the shade of the emerald sun, religious lines are being erased to be re-written. Who is she? Who are her parents? When was she born? Where is she a native? Is she really that age? All these became hot topics across global media and scholastic academia.
"My son was diagnosed with autism years ago. Now, he's totally normal. He was taking a nap during the emerald sun. When he woke up [she starts crying], all his symptoms had vanished. Now he's speaking and carrying on as if he never was afflicted with the disease. As if he'd been in there all along."
Millions of stories were being reported that are similar to this testimony. Autism seemed to be the target condition for restoration. So many families and house-holds are affected by autism that it made a big impact for being evidence. Evidence that Michelle's claims aren't just fluff. The sun has in fact turned emerald. And that the green glow (touching earth) was healing in miraculous ways.

World News Special Report:
["Have you looked up into the sky recently? Well, if you haven't, you need to go outside and take a look right now. Yes,... The sun is green. Go ahead and take a gander. It's viewable to the naked eye. A few hours ago Michelle made an appearance in Fresno, California where somehow she's accredited for causing the sun to be the pulsating emerald color you may be looking at right now. Initial claims informs us that this green sun will have healing properties for much of 24hrs. It'is under investigation whether or not NASA has anything to do with this or if this can possibly be some elaborate hoax. One thing is for sure, people are swearing to have been healed already. I'm sure the next 21hrs will be as exciting as the lunar landing. Stay tuned."]

     Meanwhile, back at the hotel Molly, Misty, Michelle and Makalesi are relaxing. No one knows where they went or how they got out from under the cluster of questioning. Only one soul knew where they had disappeared to. Jason Sarim.
      {knock, knock knock}
Misty was closest to the door when she answered. 
"Who is it?"
"It's Jason. Molly gave me a card and told me I could meet her here."
"Molly is that true?"
"Yeah. He's cool. And he's kind of cute. I'll open the door -- I got it."
[The door opens.]
"Wsup Molly! It's me and a couple of my boys to kick-it witch'all." 
Molly invites them in.
"That's wsup my niggady. Come on in." 
Jason begin the introductions.
"This is Larry, that's Jerry and his girl Evid."
"Oh, o.k. I'm Molly and that's Misty. That's Makalesi and the little one is Michelle."
They're exchanging handshakes and smiles. Michelle opted for hugs and kisses the visitors on their cheeks. She could be shy at times, but when the crowd is this little, she didn't see anybody as strangers. The DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel Fresno Convention Center is the Central Valley's premiere full service hotel! The hotel is just minutes from the airport, shopping, recreation, California State University (Fresno) and near the Save Mart Center.
	An hour after the visitors were deemed "harmless" and with good enough intent, Michelle still wants to see Fresno's famous organic fruit stands and nut trees. Makalesi has received the request from Michelle via telepathy to accompany her. 
"Ok ladies and gentleman, Michelle and I will be back before it gets too dark. We got some fruiting' to do. The limo will be left here if you guys feel the need to get out and start trouble."
"Ok girl. See ya'." Molly and Misty responded.
As soon as the door closed behind Makalesi, it's Larry-who came up with an idea. 
"Let's take the limo and go to the Table Mountain Casino."
"Oh my god! Fresno as casinos? I never been to a casino before. Do they have a food court?"
Larry, Misty, Jason, Jerry and his Hmong girlfriend all laughed at Molly. She's asking about it having a food court as if it were a shopping mall. Poor thing is obviously getting hungry.
"Hell yeah it has food. Let's go." Misty responded excitedly.
When they left, the flat screen television (and it's premium satellite programming) was still showing the news coverage of the emerald sun. It still had a few hours left to shine on Fresno. All across the globe headlines were being printed about the sun and miraculous healings. Millions of people who weren't even aware of Michelle are now know her name. Beneath the shade of the emerald sun, religious lines are being erased to be re-written. Who is she? Who are her parents? When was she born? Where is she a native? Is she really that age? All these became hot topics across global media and scholastic academia.
	A young woman named Angela is among the first to tell her testimony during a on-the-spot televised interview (one of many in the coming days).
"My son was diagnosed with autism years ago. Now, he's totally normal. He was taking a nap during the emerald sun. When he woke up [she starts crying], all his symptoms were gone. Now he's speaking and carrying on as if he never was afflicted with the disease. As if he'd been in there all along."
Millions of stories were being reported that are similar to this testimony. Autism seemed to be the target condition for restoration. So many families and house-holds are affected by autism that it made a big impact for being evidence. Evidence that Michelle's claims aren't just fluff. The sun has in fact turned emerald. And that the green glow (touching earth) was healing in miraculous ways.

	Michelle and Makalesi have found a quiet place to eat.  The Pho'90 restaurant is said to serve the best pho' in town.  Pho' is a type of Vietnamese soup. It's typically made from beef stock and spices. Noodles are added to the rich broth along with thin slices of either beef or chicken. After the two ladies order the vegetarian pho' (the unpopular version), they sit and eat together.  Makalesi asks Michelle a question. A question that has been avoided for so many years. It's a question that's definitely on every mind that truly loves Michelle (a.k.a. Shorty).
	"I've read about your father passing away while you were still young. Whatever happened to your mother? Have you heard from her? Any news of her whereabouts?" 
This is asked out loud and intentionally by the Fijian royalty. It felt more normal to Makalesi. It delivered genuine empathy. The question seemed more laced with sincerity and thoughtfulness coming from her lips. She intended it this way. Full of compassion.
"What ever happened to Anuhea' Michelle?"
When Michelle heard the question, she paused a bit. She swallows her spoonful of tasty vegetable broth and responds from her thoughts.
"Anuhea' is safe and where I left her. Shortly after Dad's departure, I went among the highest of initiated kindred's and asked them if Anuhea' can visit Michael. They told me yes. When I took her to him, he awoke from his rest and welcomed her. I was present also. I witnessed this. The visitation was only planned to be for a short period. As Mom visited, she lost her desire to fulfill her life chart. She's content in her new body. Both her and Dad are unbound and no longer decay. I visited with her last year. She is writing a proverb for the main library about her new body, her eternal love and her choice."
"So she's in a new body enjoying the love of Michael. Ok. So she decided to stay with Michael. I understand. What gave her that option? She must've gad to give something up!..."
"You're right. It came under one condition. But it wasn't Anuhea' that gave something up. It wasn't her with the capacity to suffer a loss bigger than even being birthed."
"Who was it that gave something? You? What was it?.... What did you give so that your Mother could reside there forever with her love?"
Michelle put on her most beautiful smile. It only failed to be perfect because it failed to hide the tear forming in her eye. She looks Makalesi in her eyes and closes her telepathic conduit with one last request.
"May we please just enjoy our soup now beloved?"
Makalesi responded to Michelle's human emotions when she answered with a smile of understanding. 
"Yes Ma'am."
MEET SHAISTA
	It's the night of the emerald sun event. There's literally millions of young adults submitting online inquiries to the designated website. The site proudly announces how Michelle "The Miraculous" is starting a school for ladies whom desired the discipleship of truth, and spirit sciences. It's a beautiful website design. The theme is very simplistic. It outlined how there'd be no diplomas or degrees given out from its curriculum. The rewards would be larger than something obtained. The ladies would be expected to spread what they're being taught. The more people knew (that became aware of these teachings) the faster consciousness was being served to expand. The site shared details about how Nashville, Tennessee would be at the heart of it all.
	As the Miraculous one and her Fijian friend sat sipping the rich broth that popularized the Vietnamese Pho' menu, they're approached quietly by a woman. Out of their peripheral vision, she's assumed to be the server returning. The energy is definitely different. As Michelle and Makalesi turned and look up, they see a woman standing at the table's edge. The stranger is careful to respect their privilege to dine inconspicuously as she addresses the table (for two) with a soft tone.
"Hey! Please forgive me for interrupting. I am so sorry. My name is Shaista. I work across the street. The food here is good enough to enjoy alone on my lunch break."
Shaista Kaur is a Punjabi/English speaking 25 year old proud mother. She's a friendly personality in her Eastern-Indian community. Shy' is a dedicated department manager at a retail chain. Her eyes sit deep, big and beautifully dark. Her shoulder length hair is exceptionally maintained, relaxed and frames her smile. 
"You're Michelle aren't you?"
"Hi Shaista. I'm Makalesi and yes; that is Michelle."
Michelle stops scanning Shy' to give her a warm friendly smile. It (alone) almost moved the grateful visitor to emotions. Makalesi continues.
"What's up sweetie! What brings you by?"
Before Shy' can start her address, Michelle sees a need that's begging to be met. Something in Shy' caused the miraculous one to stand up from the table and hug Shaista's 5'10" frame. The height difference between them caused Shaista to bend down in order to accommodate the loving gesture. 
"Oh my gosh, you are so little."
Shy' is shocked and entertained experiencing Michelle's 105 pound frame. She's one thing to see on television. It's another to feel her aura of purpose and loving intent. So important, yet she's always been one to be so approachable. So happy to meet new souls. Hugging has always been Michelle's favorite love language. Now, it's being given to serve as a spiritual experience all by itself. So radiantly vibrant. It's everything this stranger never knew she needed. She's obviously nervous, but begins to speak.
 "Um... I apologize for interrupting your meal. I just knew it was you and I knew if I didn't say HELLO now, I'd probably never get this chance again. You know what? I was sitting in my chair over there feeling like I've never felt before. That was the verification to me that you were who I thought you were. I felt you."
Although Shy' is a sweet spirit with a soft voice, her nervousness is obvious.  She's testifying to what many continually contest too. Being in the same room as Michelle has revitalizing properties. A pureness that begs to be identified with. Makalesi see's emotion stir up in Shy' and interrupted her to make a suggestion.
"Calm down and take your time sweetie. Everything's ok."
Shaista continues.
"OK. Um, I live with my parents. They're very traditional. They use to be skeptical of you [she glances in Michelle's direction] because they have never witnessed someone like you before. Now they are believers. Everyone in my home is a fan." 
She looks directly into Michelle's eyes.
"We believe that you are from a higher place. A spirit from a spiritual place. You're here to enlighten all races of people. East-Indians, Hindu and everybody. In my community, we're all happy that you are a loving person."
[She continues]
"I'm a proud woman with so many questions. Questions about god and how humans started. So many things don't make sense to me. Can I give you my phone number so we can talk to each other Michelle?"
"Well... Michelle doesn't talk much, so answering any questions right now would be tricky." Makalesi says.
All three caught on to Makalesi's joke. It was a timely opportunity to create a good laugh. She's proving to be almost as good at improvisation as Molly. Michelle didn't require her notepad with Makalesi, so she'd left it in the suite. She reaches into Makalesi's purse, pulls out an eyeliner pencil and writes on a napkin to address Shy'.
"F.O.L.K.S. will present your answers. Are you interested in understanding the god you are?"
"FOLKS? I don't understand."
Makalesi knew Michelle was "straight to the point" because of the limited space on the napkin. There was simply no space for the details. 
"She's asking you if you'd like to attend her school of spirit-sciences and redevelopment? It's located in Tennessee. There you'll learn how to reconnect to your higher self, expand your spiritual potential and step into your real purpose. How's that sound?"
"Yes! Yes, I'd love that very much. Could my kids come too?" 
Makalesi starts relaying to Shaista what Michelle is sending her through telepathy. 
"Of course they can come. You'd have your own house to raise them in. You'll meet a lot of woman that will become like sisters to you. It won't be long before you are answering your own questions. No more gossip. No more gospels. Just truth that will resonate within you. All this will be a process, but in the mean time you will be living with no concern for bills or needs being met."
As a hint of Michelle's sense of humor, her last words are being sent to Makalesi (technically) in THIRD PERSON.
"That's what Michelle is offering you. You're in for a big treat. I'm already happy for you."
Of course Shy' had no way of knowing these words are actually Michelle's.
"Thank you. Thank you so much. This was not my intention to get any favors from you. Only answers."
At this time Shaista's cell phone rings. Michelle points towards the pocket gesturing for her to answer it. Michelle is miraculously sending a text message to Shaista without the necessity of a using a phone.
"You've been pondering the right questions. Because of this, I'm certain you're ready for truth. In several weeks, you'll be contacted. You and other kindred will be lodged appropriately. There are a dozen family homes located on the property. Please familiarize yourself with further details on the website. I am excited for you Shaista." 
"Oh my god. It's you. How'd you know my phone number?"
Michelle sends one more text message.
"We can know all there is to know -- when I choose to know it." 
Just as Shy' reads this, she looks up to catch Michelle's wink.
"So you truly are miraculous. Thank you for your time Michelle. It was nice to meet both of you."
Makalesi stands up to hug Shaista and whispers in her ear. "Welcome aboard."
As they all exited the restaurant later, Shy' departs with a beautiful story to tell her co-workers. She met Michelle and was offered a new chapter for her and her young children. In a couple of weeks, she'll be submitting a notice of action to vacate her job. She's happy. She has every right to be.

Chapter 23   24kt GOLD
"Didn't the girls say they were headed to Table Mountain Casino? Have you ever been to one before Michelle?"
She shakes her head no.
"They can be a lot of fun if you have the right intentions. If you're going to win money, you're going to be disappointed. However; if you're going to have fun spending money, they're cool places to sit and people watch. Kind of like beaches. Everyone is minding their own gaming business."
Michelle nods her head briskly to indicate she'd love to go. 
"Ok. Let's just put that in our G.M.G.P.N. (Google map global positioning navigator)... It's a ways away, but we're in no rush right? Maybe we should call her to check if Misty and them are still there?"
Michelle interjected telepathically.
"I know she's there. I can sense the whereabouts of a single soul within inches using the global positioning conscious grid system. I've already tagged all my closest beloveds. Even you. There is no where they can go where my protection will not follow them and alert me. When I sense despair, or sense the ill-intent of another to do harm, my emps dispatch immediately. Think of them as PERSONAL SPIRITUAL GUIDES ON-CALL TO BREAK RULES OF NON MANIFESTED DIRECT INTERACTION."
"Well, see Michelle. That brings me to a question! Remember... I'm a realist and critical thinker by default. It's helped elevate me to decode the mystery systems and achieve what I know. So when I ask you this, I'm inquiring confidentially -- not judging you ok?"
Makalesi is driving and reserving her subliminal thought processes for the rules of the road. Although she enjoys how strong she can hear Michelle incoherently, she still prefers speaking to communicate.
"You speak about protecting your girls. I've heard you allude to it before. What measures of protection are you talking about? I mean,... Have you ever hurt anyone in the defense of your friends? Maybe you've hurt someone in the pursuit of justice or for doing the right thing? Have you ever killed anyone Michelle?"
Michelle never breaks her gaze out the window. The emerald sun is still impressive and casting a green glow across the sky. Makalesi knows she's heard her question, but waits to allow silence to dictate what answer would leave Michelle's mouth.
"I try to avoid thinking about harming someone, but unfortunately it too is inevitable. To think that someday, I will have to terminate someone for not understanding and being deceived makes me sad. That someone will eventually cross my path and in me be finalized that his or her termination will better serve the momentum of evolving consciousness. That a person could be controlled by unanimated deceivers to the extent that most things in this person's chart is disagreeable. That someday I will make a choice to terminate a deceived one's animated flesh. All this will happen. I'm prepared for it."
"Well, Sometimes protecting freewill and assisting agreeable things means making choices that seem disagreeable!"  Makalesi suggested.
"Like having to do things that seem disagreeable. I am prepared by knowing I'd be sending them to non-physical encampments, not non-existence. I myself remember the places I've visited before my energy slowed down for gestation."
"Really? Oh my god. I have to hear those stories. The places, the faces, the freedoms, the foods, the family, oh my god; the species? C'mon! Give me a meta-physical reason to smile today. Disclose."
"The thing that sticks with you most is remembering the vibration of the other side. Every cell that creates a physical body is alive. Every cell that forms us is short-lived. For this reason, every cell is born with concern. Concern descendant from plasma. A very innate microcosm of concern. When you multiply that measure of concern by the mass of cells a body has, it becomes weight that can be measured. A total weight that interacts with gravitons. Gravitons that dictate how we move and feel. This movement is noticeably different between here and other realms of non-fleshly dwellings. The time I have to terminate someone, I will be sending them to observe the choices they have made. There,  they will amend and choose agreeability." 
"Michelle, this world is absolutely privileged to realize how agreeable you are. If you ever got into politics, the world would be a much better place."
"Currently, elected leaders are corrupt and have been infiltrated by deceivers. Groups and their agendas the eye cannot distinguish. Loving intentions and  humanitarianism will eventually extinguish current corrupt world politics all together. This is necessary before rebuilding it. Reforming it. Even if I myself have to go APE SHIT officiating with cause for their concern."
Makalesi burst into laughs behind the wheel of the vehicle. Michelle has a sense of humor and also begin laugh hard. Makalesi must've traveled miles playing back that last sentence in their heads and contemplating what horrors "APE SHIT" could possibly entail from such a god'like talent. 
"Oh my gosh Michelle....Really? Ape Shit? Where'd you get that?"
Michelle never answered. The question did cause for another short round of laughing ridiculously. 
"Dear laawwdd, my stomach hurts. You've been hanging around Molly way too much girlfriend. I am sooo' gonna' tell the girls you said  that."
"But I didn't technically say it!" Michelle pleads playfully.
"You're right. You sure didn't. Hey! I think that's the place. Table Mountain Casino. Yep! It says it right there."
"I'm excited. You said this would kind of be like a beach? I don't see any water."
"Oh gosh Michelle. You're gonna' enjoy this place. Trust me. After we valet, we'll find Molly, Misty and  their boy toys."
Their vehicle is tended to by a friendly valet who notices how young Michelle looks. It's not his job to card the players, so he smiles and allows. The drive-up and entrance are covered with a massive overhanging roof. Its construction is beautifully exacting to the grandeur of the drive-up constructed at the F.O.L.K.S. fortress. Makalesi walks with Michelle up a decorative flight of stairs. These stairs were paralleled with an escalator. A series of automatic opening doors welcomed the two inside. Two security guards rushed over to inspect.
"Um,... Excuse me Ma'am."
One gentleman was speaking to Makalesi. The other was a female officer looking directly down at Michelle. 
"The age requirement at this facility is 18 years old. We're gonna' have to ask to see some identification for the young one."
Makalesi looks down at Michelle waiting to hear what she'd be willing to disclose to the officers. Instead, Michelle reached into her pocket and pulled out a California identification card that described her as an 18 year old. The officer inspect the printed date carefully.
"You just made it huh? Welcome to Table Mountain Gaming, Hotel and Casino. Enjoy your gaming experience and good luck to you both."
As they enter further inside and out of the officers line of sight, Makalesi spoke hushingly.
"You're not 18 years young! You're turning 21 soon. Aren't you?"
"Yes, but it was easier to pass as the requirement than to create a conversation about me looking 16 in my twenties."
At this moment a third officer and sleuth of smiling officials approached Michelle and Makalesi.
"We apologize for the inhospitable concierge Miss Michelle. We've been expecting you. Your friends are right this way. Please, ...this way."
They followed the entourage a short distance to where there's a crowd of personage surrounding Misty and Molly. They're sitting on a gaming unit designed for two people to be situated side-by-side. Amongst the cheering and high level of excitement, Larry, Jason, Jerry and his girlfriend are closest to the action. Makalesi got their attention.
"Hey! What's up?"
[Larry] "Hey!" He shouted with a big smile on his friendly face.
"What's going on here?" Makalesi asked.
[Larry] "They're going max bet. It's crazy. The bonus is ridiculous at max bet. Look at everybody. We don't know any of these people."
Molly looks up for a moment and spots Michelle. 
"Hey, Wsup Michelle? I was hoping you'd come. Check me out. I'm playing the superhero game."
Makalesi is a natural analyst and more interested in the elephant standing in the room. She bent down to whisper in Molly's ears.
"How'd you get in? You're not eighteen are you?
Molly had to answer loud over the high definition  speakers providing surround-sound and vibration effects to both gaming seats.
"We told them we're Michelle's friends. I promise them Michelle would be showing up to spend a shit load of money. There's perks to being best friends to a god."
"Ok. Molly, you are something else. I mean that. How'd you know we come here?"
"We didn't” she laughed.
"It was her idea."
Misty overhears this and chimes in as if she were avoiding being punished by parents.
"It was Molly's idea to use Michelle's name. We didn't realize age would be an issue until we were already half way here. By that time, there was no going back. Don't look at me"
The screens to these particular machines are built to cater to two players. High above the seats are three spinning wheels that resemble those on the syndicated game show "the price is right". Each time a bonus is triggered, a series of options popped up on the screens in front of the player. The player selections were then sent to the wheels high above the seats. The sound effects and glittering lights of this game made it an event for the players and the viewers. Playing at max bet is rare and exciting everyone. The crowd cheered, chanted, gave high fives and gasped in awe when any of the three bonus rounds were activated. Upon admiring the mechanics of the contraption, Michelle is smiling wide because Misty and Molly are enjoying themselves so much. They're hardly being their disruptive selves familiar to the shopping malls. But no one minded the commotion they've still managed to conjure. This place encouraged the excitement. Most patrons here either didn't know the emerald sun was happening, or didn't care. This place was not constructed with windows. A few of these gamblers have been here for many hours and are totally unaware of the miracle behind the dark sky.
"Aren't you going to play a machine Michelle? There's so many to choose from. It's fun."  Makalesi explained.
Michelle sent a confidential message to her Fijian friend.
"It does look like fun. These machines are very colorful. I like this, but many of these people feel like losers. Their energies are of desperation, not that of having fun. These people are sad about what they've bet and lost trying to create gain. I sense this. I'd like to help these kind people be winners tonight too."
She reaches into her pocket and pulls out a medium sized empty sack. It's made of hemp and very tough for holding weight. Michelle starts shaking the bag rigorously and it became half full. She hands it to Makalesi.
"This will make me feel awesome. Here, please help me pass these out to everyone in this area. Never look into the bag. Just reach in and pull out its contents. Pass them out. In this manner, the bag will never empty -- while never being too heavy to hold."
"You got it boss." Makalesi says.  
  She does as she's instructed and begins walking around greeting the visitors. Each of them are being softly interrupted from watching Molly and Misty slam their MAX BET buttons. 
"Here you go Ma'am.” here's something for you from Michelle."
She reaches into the bag and feels coins. A lot of them. She pulls out a few at a time giving every person at least three of them.
"Michelle wants you to have these coins. They're real and they are yours to keep or spend. Here you go sir."
The coins are gorgeous. Each is 2 troy ounces of .999 fine 24kt gold. The checkered pattern applied to the stackable edge is as spectacular as the details on both faces of these coins. The mintage is unlike anything in circulation. Inscribed on each is 1 of the 42 statutes of ma'at brilliantly on the tails side of the coins. The heads side is identical and renders the acronym F.O.L.K.S. across the middle. "F.O.L.K.S." is surrounded by the inscription "don't believe in yourself, know thyself". The edges of the coin read "2 troy ounces fine gold". In all, there's about fifty people looking over Misty and Molly's shoulders as they hit the MAX BET button. All of them received a handful of these brilliant coins to take home, keepsake, pawn or a mixture of the two depending on their financial needs. 
"I'm done playing. I'm tired, I'm hungry and it's making me moody." 
  "Yeah, me too Molly. We've been here for hours. People keep coming up to me asking me for coins. Lets tell the boys we're leaving with Michelle."  Misty says.
The guys weren't too far off. Their machines were just as busy with high bets and glittering lights.
"Hey gentleman, it's been fun, but we're spent. We're leaving with Michelle. California is not our final destination so this is where we part ways."
"Oh no problem. We're gonna' stay anyways. Can we walk you ladies out?" Larry is a gentleman.
"Yeah. We're headed for the front where the valet is now."
Larry, Jason, Jerry and his girlfriend followed them to the main entrance to say their goodbyes.
"Thanks for understanding that this wasn't a call for romance. Just fun. Feel free to call us anytime." 
"Awe!!! It's all good. Damn we had fun." Jason says.
Larry's always been the type to help fun be fun. He makes everyone comfortable laughing out loud. The Fresnite has one more reasonable request for his new lady friends. A modest request.
"Hey! I know you've given us bucket loads of cash to spend tonight. We appreciate that. Me, I'm taking a crap load home. Thank you. Um, If it's not asking too much, can I have one of those gold coins you were passing out? I'd like to keep one as a souvenir."
Michelle laughs out loud while nodding her head to say of course. She heard the appreciation in Larry's voice. She felt the sincerity in him for a gold souvenir. Perhaps he knew this would be more of a permanent and appropriate parting gift. These ladies are a part of something to the likes this world has never witnessed. A gold coin would verify their story of how he (and they) were with Michelle during the emerald moon. And that they chilled with the girls. Michelle didn't hesitate to make the small group to smile one more time. She reached into her pocket and pulled out a similar sack. A scruffy little thing -- just big enough to fit her hand into. She reached in and pulled out a fistful of those same coins. Her small hand could only hold about five of them. She put them into Larry's hand. She repeated the gesture generously for Jason, Jerry and his Hmong girlfriend. They all shared hugs before the girls climbed into their vehicle the valet had waiting. Four hands are now standing in the main entrance waving goodbye to four waving hands rolling away.
"Yo! That just happened. We were hanging out with Michelle and her girls." Jerry says in his thick Hmong accent.
"I don't know about you guys, but before I go home, I'm going back inside to eat at the buffet. This whole thing has been a crazy." Larry says smiling. 

All in all this was a splendid outing for everybody. Ordinary people appreciating the company and *presence of an extraordinary individual. Though this group had spent personal time with the ladies, they aren't the only ones feeling jovial. The world is smiling. There's a fresh vibration of appreciation in the atmosphere. An appreciation for the emerald sun miracle no one can explain. An appreciation that finally, there's someone on earth that might have the answers to many of mankind's deepest questions. 

MEET ERRIKA & JAMAL
The morning after the emerald sun event, the ladies are enjoying a simple continental breakfast when Misty brings up a concern.
"Michelle? We turn 21 soon. I've known you for years. I know you don't really think about birthdays or birthday parties, but I'd like us to celebrate our together this year -- like we did last year. Are we going back to the house?"
Michelle pulled out the notepad she keeps in her back pocket as faithfully as a man would carry his own wallet.
"Tomorrow; accompany me to San Francisco. There's two persons there that are lovingly awake and prepared to assist F.O.L.K.S. as spiritual teachers/advisors. Their kind is rare. Their minds are unconditioned. They are worthy of how F.O.L.K.S. is preparing to utilize them and reward them. I may create a demonstrate for the city as well."
"Ok. Well of course we're going with you." Molly says.
"It's a new world out there beloveds. The emerald sun has made many have inward conflict. There's much work to be done for the sake of our commission. Many works to be demonstrated for the sake of enjoying wonders. Our work has only begun. San Francisco first, then we shall start planning a birthday bash."
"That's fair enough for me Shorty'. " Misty responded.

SAN FRANCISCO - 2020 a.d.

It has only been a couple days after the sun returned to its view from the Fresno ballpark. Only 48 hours since it lost its green glow and returned to its familiar color of bright, burning fury.
"Here we are ladies. The St. Regis San Francisco."
Makalesi is the only one who knew exactly where they're going to be lodged for the next few nights. St. Regis was built 14 years ago in 2006. It offers the best luxury; great rooms with exceptional beddings, 24-hour butler service, Michelin-starred AME restaurant and Remede Spa and Pool. It's business-heavy SoMa surroundings and modern building lack the historical grandeur of Nob Hill's grand dames, but otherwise it stands shoulder to shoulder with its hilltop competitors. 
"Oh my gosh, I've seen nice bathrooms, but the marble and frosted glass in here is friggin' awesome." 
"Misty if you think that's impressive, check out this view. I see the financial district, museums... Everything a little girl dreams about." 
"Molly, I swear sometimes I don't know if you're being serious or pretentious. Let's go shopping."
"Actually... I think I spotted a spa here. If not now, definitely later." 
"You gave a deal Molly." Misty says as she flashes her Unlimited Care Card.
"Oh, you ain't sayin' nothin' blonde. I got what momma needs too." 
Molly boastfully pulled out her card. It's identical to Misty's because they're both gifts from the BANK of MICHELLE and TRUST. The wide-eyed extraordinaire performs a simple demonstration while also knowing it would prove most convenient.
"Misty, I've brought your Mercedes here from our garage at home to the parking garage downstairs."
"What? Misty screamed. "What the f***? How?... Oh... That's right. Damn Michelle. I almost forgot that you're the one person who can do anything she wants."
This is the simplest way Misty could understand the depth of her friends power.
"I would've summoned Molly's rocket, but I'd rather trust that you will obey the speed limits. Safety and respecting reasonable laws are good."
She reaches into the backpack she's wearing frontward and pulled out Misty's familiar set of keys. Technically the backpack is situated backwards. She's wearing it to rest on her stomach, which she's always done from time to time. Michelle does this for "reaching into" convenience. She's unaware of how much more adorable this makes her look like a 14-15 tear old teenager.
"Thank you B.F.F."  Misty sings in a deliberate lullaby. 
"Well, while you two hang out, Michelle and I are going out to meet our targets."
As quickly as everyone settled, the luxury amenities were left untouched before the room cleared.

As Makalesi drives to the GPS address 100 Larkin St. San Francisco, CA 94102, Michelle wants to help her friend enjoy, practice and develop her gift of telepathy. Michelle starts a conversation with her mind-to-mind.
"It's very useful that you are here with me when I proposition potential teachers, scholars, administrators, advisors and staff of F.A.C.T.S.. Soon I will assign a school president. At that time, All the staff will be filled and you will be left to enjoy the fruits of all this without tagging along with me and these girls -- who are not as conscious as you are. I appreciate you Makalesi. Soon, your business will be at the school. Your pleasures will be in Tennessee."
Makalesi speaks her correspondences.
"I don't mind being around the girls at all. It's relatively true that they have a lot to learn. But what's more true is that Molly more than Misty have a lot of questions yet to ask. Everyone starts asking esoteric questions in the pace their mind is preparing them to accept the answers. Right now this is my truth. I'm enjoying traveling with you Michelle. I'm honored. It's awesome to think this journey hasn't even begin yet. Trust me. I understand the scope of all this. I'll never get bored of tugging around with you."
"You are wise Makalesi. The scholars we are going to meet are just as intelligible, but there is much that even the most learned of you don't know and fully understand. There's so much that has yet to be recorded into the sciences of spirit. So much undiscovered. Until I can properly descript these things and teach conscious teachers, our current goals only require that each administrator sit with me to fine tune what each are already conscious of. When we return home, we'll begin compiling a clearer understanding and individual lesson plans for each assigned curriculum. Soon, these 101 subject matters are what administers will disseminate. Certain chronology of information will play important roles in the lessons. For example. Before we introduce remote astral positioning into their stream of consciousness, they should be already aware of proper meditation techniques. Assisting others to tap into consciousness means showing young minds what questions they should be asking. What nourishment can be gained by choking babies with bread when milk is all that is required? Milk nurtures a baby when ingested effectively. Discernment will help anxious administrators to avoid spiritual choking hazards."
"I think we're here already. Um... This is a public library Michelle."
"This is the place and time. I won't be sending you things to speak for me. I have something planned for this unofficial presentation. Let's go."
The San Francisco Main Library is large and beautifully rendered. It's centrally located next to the civic center and across from the Asian Art Museum. Although most books are being read from pocket devices and cell phones, this library is still worth a visit for its architecture and exhibits alone. It's also subsequently a good way to enjoy free Wi-Fi while escaping poor weather and/or aggressive panhandlers. As Makalesi followed Michelle to the third floor, they homed in on a couple at a sitting at a table. 
"Hello to both of you. I'm Makalesi and...."
Before the Fijian princess could finish, the gentleman spoke.
"It's nice to meet you Michelle." Jamal says before the young woman speaks. 
"You too Makalesi. It's an honor."
"Were you two expecting us?" Makalesi asks.
It's Jamal who answered with a smile of contentment on his face.
"No. But I could that feel someone very strong was here. The same feeling I had when Michelle showed up to the ball park in Fresno. My name is Jamal Thompson."
"And my name is Errika Lee. Michelle, you are amazing. I can only imagine what brings you here to San Francisco. A demonstration? If so, I must insist on front row seats little lady." 
Both Errika and Jamal stood up to shake hands, but of course Michelle has a love-language of tight hugs and smiling eye-contact. It spread contagiously.
"It's so nice to meet you two. May we have a seat?" Makalesi asked.
"Absolutely." 
Jamal is a gentle soul in a strong, stout body. He pulls out chairs for the visiting ladies to have a seat.
Errika Lee is the granddaughter of Chinese immigrants who entered the United States through both Angel Island and Ellis Island. She grew up in the San Francisco Bay Area and received her PhD from the University of California at Berkeley. She teaches history at the university of Minnesota and loves to write as she enjoys to research. Her hair is dark brown, shoulder length and styled straight until it curves to cradle the top of her shoulders. Errika's smile is sincere with eyes and skin typical of the features deriving from Chinese culture. She's overly fond of skirts that extend pass her knees. It's a professional look for a very prestigious and vibrant 40 year old. 
Jamal Thomson is an outstanding educator. He's an accomplished African Americanized scholar that hosts own riveting public domain. Although his roots are from the Greater Philadelphia area, he's made San Francisco his platform for continued research and posterity. He's become an exceptional source for deep insight on esoteric sciences and spiritual development. Here's a quote from one of his published short stories titled "Dark Initiation".
"People look at initiates or gurus as having fancy titles, deep or advanced spiritual information or super powers. Yet in truth initiation is about becoming a good human again. The same way animals know what their role is when it comes to serving nature. Initiates understand their unique roles in serving nature. Since each person is unique, either initiate understands they were born under an astrological sign, to serve a unique role to nature."  -Jamal Thompson

Jamal and Errika first met at this library years ago. They've maintained friendship, respect each other's expertise and periodically meet here to discuss to appreciate and expound on a wide range of topics and philosophy. Sometimes they'd meet at Errika's favorite library in Minnesota.
	
Michelle pulls out 4 pieces of paper. She aligned them flat to form a rectangular shape. She then waves her hand over the four pieces of paper and they became one piece of seamless paper in the shape and size of four. Jamal gasped.
"That's amazing Michelle."
Makalesi and Errika sit smiling. Perhaps they're both believing this was the extent of it. Michelle then rotated the large paper to be situated as a widescreen viewing for Jamal and Errika. At this time, a projection hit the paper. It says "Hello Beloveds". Jamal instantly looks up towards the roof of the library. It's reasonable to expect there would be a projector of some kind focused downwards on the white surface, but there was nothing. No projector. No source of input for the text. Even though Makalesi has seen this particular demonstration before, she's just as impressed as Jamal and Errika. The words scroll upwardly from the bottom -- familiar to the ending of a cinematic motion picture.

"It has always been difficult to write in this tongue as it is to think in it. Dictation is limited. However; I am confident what I try to convey here will reach its target of understanding. My name is Michelle. I reached into the construct of *ALL KNOWING to know you would be assembled here today. The emerald sun is popular for not being understood, but it is the will of higher consciousness that everyone knows and understands the forces, physics, sciences, will and bestow  that allowed the emerald sun to change its properties. That was only the beginning of a series of demonstrations that will be purposed to cause agreeable questioning. Inquiries that will induce agreeable research. Research that will cause an awakening. An awakening that will separate the innately spiritual and the spiritually void that is mankind. Mankind is not created to reach the capacity of man. Two different creations, capacities and intentions, yet you dwell together believing both help to expand consciousness. I come to bring you two beloveds into the best portion of your charts. Walk with me. Teach a small lot of minds how to connect to themselves. They will teach their families through instruction as well as example. This enlightenment will behave like a virus that tames what has become like a virus. Your names will be as rewarded along side all your desires obtained. Don't be concerned with what you do not understand. Together we will fine-tune your expertise and learn together as I cross worlds to induct older sciences in this newest tongue. Tennessee is where the central command center is for all of your needs, wants, desires and mysteries unraveled. All beloveds that become kindred are only expected to be themselves without judgment. To love the mission and learn as their minds will allow them to understand without unreasonable confusion. You two are two of several minds that are ready to help me fulfill a purpose that is bigger than all of us. A causality that will outlive even myself. Help consciousness for no reward while you receive all the reward your hands and hearts could accept. Will you be two of several staff educators on Family Of Light Kindred Sorority spirit scrolls?"

Though Jamal had emotions rumbling in his throat, he was first to answer the call.
"I... I don't know what to say. Um... I'd be honored. Absolutely."
Makalesi looks at Jamal immensely nodding her head signifying her approval. As if she were listening to his heart more than his lips. She's read some of Jamal's writing and teachings. Only now has she realized that this was the same "Jamal" she has already come to respect.
"I am more than delighted. This will be the crowning achievement of my tenure. Just get me the details of when, where and your conditions. I'll be there Michelle. You have my undivided assistance." Errika says.  
It's Makalesi who verbalized a celebration that made these agreements official.
"Well then, this calls for celebration."
"Actually, this is celebratory cause for a delightful demonstration. We're in San Francisco. I'm confident San Francisco would like to see something with their own eyes. Tomorrow at noon, meet us tomorrow on the Golden Gate Bridge. There; you and the rest will have a chance to see an extension of my imagination manifest."
As they all stood, the backlit paper ceased to be lit. They all hugged each other as if they were already claiming a victory.  As they walked with each other down to the main floor,  Jamal was speechless. Walking next to Michelle as an unbelievable experience to anybody. To Jamal (an avid practitioner of meditation), he was silently enjoying the vibrations of Michelle's presence.  Everybody feels it. It's Jamal who appreciates this vibrancy most appropriately. Arriving at the parking served as another chance to hug each other and vast in the knowing that major connection had just been made. A connection beyond anything any agenda imaginable. Purpose.
 Chapter 24   THE GREAT WAVE
As night fell on a very active San Francisco city, Misty and Molly returned to their suite. There, they find their comrades already settled in.
"Michelle! Wsup' girlfriend! Ooh, we went shopping. Awesome time. Awesome time indeed." Molly replied.
The Fijian queen is on the bed preparing esoteric 101 topic outlines (that would eventually become full courses) when she laughed at Molly's pretentiousness. 
"Yeah, she's been like this all day. She should really be a standup comedian." Misty suggested with a smirk on her face. 
"Well, we had a swell time today too." Makalesi says in a comeback moment of false pretentiousness.
"Yeah? How'd that go Ma'am?" Misty asked.
"We located and visited two of San Francisco's finest minds. Their names are Jamal and Errika. Technically Errika is from Minnesota, but she's family here. Michelle actually did all the talking. She used the "projector method" to communicate the exciting future and purpose that F.O.L.K.S. school of thought and forms would present them as instructors. Who could resist a chance to mingle with a miracle worker? They're obviously on board. Equally as interesting, there's going to be something big happening tomorrow at noon ladies."
"What? What's going on? We're all going right?"	
"Yes, Misty. It's a demonstration by yours truly."
"Oh my gosh. I am so ready to fly around this city."
"I'm not so sure you flying around San Francisco would be Michelle's choice. You'd have to much fun. She hasn't described anything specific, but we all know it's gonna' be very interesting and make headlines." 
Michelle smiles from behind her concentration and writes her last dialog. 
"Get good rest tonight beloveds. We'll be flying commercial back home after the festivities."
After that, Michelle grabbed a glass of water and entered into the closet. The water was carried interestingly meticulously. The lock on the door was heard activating. Everyone knew not to bother or knock on any door when Michelle closed herself behind it and locked it. 
The California King size bed has plenty of room for the three ladies. 
"Ok. I'm gonna' assume Michelle won't be playing board games with us tonight." Misty say slightly disappointed.
"Who meditates in the dark?... Michelle does. That's who."
"I wonder what she's planning on doing tomorrow?"
"Well; while you wonder about it, I'm gonna' get my outfit ready. There's gonna' be a lot of people looking at us by the time it's over. I can't be looking any ole' kind of way. Actually, I was supposed to re-dye my hair yesterday. I kind of like this {dirty roots} look though. My natural color looks awesome under the blonde."
"Actually, yes, it does Misty."
"Don't even get lippy with me right now Molly.” she warned playfully.
"You're the one that uses the word ACTUALLY like you do."
"Alright ladies". 
Makalesi intervenes.
I'm going to try and get some sleep."
"Yeah, me too Makalesi. I'm tired. Scooch over girl." Molly says.
"I got a few things to do before I sleep. Goodnight y'all."

Early the next morning, Michelle is already woke when the girls yawn themselves awake. 
"Oh my god Michelle. That's a really, really cute denim dress. I recognize those black leggings from forever 21. You have to tell me where you got those boots?" Says Misty.
Michelle only answers by blushing and smiling. She's been caught looking {surprisingly} as cool as the other misses her size. The only difference is that Michelle is almost 21 years old. A youngster by many standards. Still,... She only looks like the teen she's loved for portraying. A lot can be said about little Michelle. She can definitely be either the old woman with wisdom that stretches far OR she can be the playful teen that hugs constantly and displays an endless supply of energy. Today her agenda is to be both. Misty is proud. Recently she's been noticing how Michelle has been experimenting with "dressing cute". Even wearing simple eye makeup. Here she stands with brown synthetic leather boots that reach her knees. Her gold hoop earrings are typical of her liking. Michelle's hair is pulled up into a messy dancer's bun. It looks like she's ready for a party. 

An hour into the morning routine, Makalesi steps out the restroom ravishing with her wardrobe selection for today. Her hair and accessories have a way of elevating her ensemble from average to amazing. While there's no denying that she's gorgeous with any hairstyle, her latest 'do highlights her cheekbones and makes her look gorgeously mature. This would be considered a bold, stylish move to someone else, but everything about this classy woman is bold. Her scholarship and research define her. Her fancy wardrobe makes her fabulous. She's wearing a burgundy crop top with long draped satin lapels. Her neckline plunges to reveal her cleavage and toned abdominal muscles. A loud flouncy skirt featuring several thigh-high slits and suede strappy sandals make her look like she's arrived from a red carpeted event.
"Holy crap  --  you look... Holy crap." Molly couldn't find the words to say. 
"For some reason I'm thinking you're always going to make us feel underdressed Makalesi." Misty admired her before she focused on Molly.
"Ok Molly. What did you decide on? Inspire me."
"Um,... I decided to wear the strapless jumper I picked up yesterday. I'm also going with my bright yellow wedgesz. I love bright colors. They always catch my eyes. I can appreciate the old styles." Molly says.
"Well, what about you Misty? Inspire us all."
"Ok. Well, recently I've been having a love affair with my torn jeans from Aeropostale. You may've noticed this. I've gotten many compliments wearing them. I know how they fit my curves. We do well together. Um,... Maybe one of these tops that I picked up from Rue21 yesterday. Nothing too fancy, but so cute."

Meanwhile; The local radio station has been forwarded an email correspondence about Michelle being on the Golden gate bridge. Perhaps this was the miraculous' first telekinetic miracle of the day. There's no ramping of any proposed demonstration. The jockey creating a morning buzz and genuine curiosity to see Michelle and her friends. 12:00 noon at the center of the world famous suspension bridge. Although Misty has spent the most time with Michelle, she couldn't be beat for being excited. She's the one that typically took control of timing the restroom usage. The "on the road" style of lodging was always best achieved and organized when she took control of the morning rituals. Although it didn't happen this morning, Misty's round face covered in cosmetic mud typically Michelle's morning laugh. All this was symbolic of a great day IN THE WORKS.
"Alright girls. We're flirty and we rock out. It's 10:00. We need to figure out a brunch, get it in us and get to our target area. Our first demonstration today is how a group of girls can actually be on time. We only have an hour to demonstrate this miracle we shall call PROMPTNESS."
"Yes Ma'am."  Makalesi responded with a refreshing smile.
While focusing on fabulousness is a new concept for the preparation of demonstrations (since the age of Makalesi), Michelle seems to be allowing the mixing of vanity and the integrity of demonstrations.  There's been no obvious concerns about the level of attention tiny style details are making conversation before such serious occasions. That's the beauty of Michelle. She ALLOWS. The mission is not jeopardized because a few ladies are having fun in the closet prior to Michelle's loving feats that would shock the world. 
Brunch was decidedly brought up to their room. The amenities are amazing. They ate. Michelle pulls out her notepad and writes.
"We're going to the rooftop of this place. There's a vehicle ready to carry us straight onto the bridge. We'll be arriving back here afterwards in this fashion of travel. Let us head up now." Michelle wrote.
"A helicopter? Awesome!" Molly exclaimed.
"A bridge? Golden Gate Bridge?...Oh lord. I'm not prepared to be gettin' all wet sista'." Misty warned practically.
"I'm sure you'll live through whatever happens today. Let's go dingbat." 
They all reach the rooftop and climbed into a gorgeous helicopter. There's already two gentlemen on-board when they boarded the craft. The pilot and a man with a name tag "Mr. Tuttle" who has a blow horn in reaching distance. Mr. Tuttle is in his 40's, polite, courteous and friendly. This became immediately apparent as he lends his hand to assist each of the ladies inside the aircraft. The flight is brief.
The helicopter approached it's target site on the famous bridge, but it strangely steers clear of the bridge all together. As Mr. Tuttle unlatched the cabin door, he swung it open and exposed the girls to the small crowd. Cheering began in response to seeing Michelle stand at the ledge of the helicopter waving.
"Oh gosh. I can't see how we're gonna' land. There's too many people." Molly explained.
"Michelle just telecommunicated to me that we're not landing." Makalesi was eager to relay what Michelle was saying.
The helicopter came to a stand still broadside of the crowd when Mr. Tuttle used the loud horn to make an announcement. 
["Everyone! Thank you for coming. Michelle has prepared something special for you to witness. Please!... Before she begins, she wants all of you to understand that none of you are in any danger. Everything is under control. Are you ready for your demonstration?"] 
The crowd cheers emphatically. Somehow, the two scholars had been targeted for an amazing appetizer. What happened first would've and could've been well worth the dramatic announcement [alone]. Errika and Jamal both began to float upwards. At first, hardly anyone knew this because they're all facing towards the helicopter expecting the miracle to originate from there. Most had no clue there's two bodies now flying 13 feet off the paved bridge. As each pair of eyes became aware of this, the crowd noise slowly dampened in disbelief. They'd only seen this on television. Jamal and Errika begin floating towards the edge of the bridge straightway to the helicopter where all the girls' faces can be seen watching attentively. It's roughly 20 yards from the safety of the bridge to the helicopter as Jamal begins floating over the golden gates' edge. He seemed relatively calm for leaving the bridge and dangling over a deadly plunge.
"Oh my god -- this is amazing. Woohoo! Yeah! Yeah! I'm safe, I'm safe, I'm safe.” he reassured himself with laughing and screams through the witnessed exchange. Jamal is in route to where the girls are in plain sight hovering in safety. As his feet slowly made contact with the luxury flight deck, he stumbled into real-time physics as if some anti-gravity bubble had released him.
"Holy crap Michelle! Oh my gosh...!  That was amazing."
Jamal fights to gather his thoughts and releases his reasonable amount of anxiety. He tears as he's being held by Makalesi. He's overcome with emotions understandably. The helicopter and the crowd are making it hard to hear and understand. Makalesi has to raise her voice in Jamal's ears.
"That was crazy. Wow." 
She's excited for Jamal's initial evidence, but she's also respectful of Michelle's level of concentration standing next to her.
Michelle is still looking into the direction of Errika. It's Errika's turn. She'd been waiting in mid flight with with the crowd while stationed high enough to be just out of the reach of those on the bridge. She starts traveling towards the edge of the bridge. The same "flight path" Jamal had taken. It's her turn indeed. No safety net, no strings or harnesses. These two had to trust Michelle. Trust her with their lives. Easier accomplished for Errika because she just witnessed Jamal's transfer without incident. This flying scholar has the privilege of something Jamal did not; the accompany of confidence. As she leaves the bridge (her unsavory safety net), she's orientated in a "stand up" posture. Errika is traveling the same ominous route Jamal traveled with her eyes peeking from behind her hands. As she arrives safely with her eyes wide open. As her feet made contact with the floor of the helicopter, Makalesi embraces her first. 
"Amazing, right?"  She asked.
"That was... Oh my god. I can't talk. I... I can't think."
Everyone on board and on the bridge starts to celebrate. This is all an unbelievably breathtaking thing to witness. Extremely reative for the point it was making. A loving point. A selfless point. A miraculous point.
As everyone stirs contently, Michelle still seems to be focused on something on the bridge. She's not tuned into the celebrations going on behind her in the helicopter or 20 yards in front of her. 
"What's wrong Michelle? It's over right? They're safe." Misty asks.
She's seen Michelle in many kinds of concentrations over the years. However, this is a much deeper concentrating. She's the first to focus on her small beloved. It's at this moment Michelle raises her hand to point towards the crowd. A very observant gentleman (standing on top of a parked pedestrian vehicle) realizes Michelle is not pointing at the crowd.  She's pointing over the heads of the cheering crowd with a smile on her face. When he turned to look off the opposite edge of the bridge, he see's something that is escaping the crowd's attention. Something massive. Something even more impressive than the transference of the two flying scholars. 
"Hey Everybody!!! Hey!!! Look!!! Hey!!!..." 
He's trying desperately to get everyones attention. It's Mr. Tuttle with that blowhorn that spells it out. His voice was loud and confident.
["Please don't be alarmed. You are all safe. If you will have a look behind you, you'll notice something to admire."]
When they all turned around to look, the crowds cheers and chit-chatter silenced immediately. Gasping can be heard from every mouth. What's being witnessed here is absolutely beautiful. Who knew a wave could be so breathtaking. A huge wave. A wave that's as high as the tallest beam suspending the bridge. It's a wall of water that has all the motion of a traveling wave, yet it's standing still and as close to the bridge as the helicopter is on the opposing side. The sound [alone] from the behemoth water work is staggering. Godly Noah'etic. No one panicked. Possibly because there's nowhere to run. Panic would've proven to be unreasonable. Here stands about 2,000 people frozen in place. All staring upwards, wondering how. How could this be? A helicopter on one side and a towering wave that's making everything seem shrunken in comparison. The water is alive. The wave reaching the height of the bridge (from the sea-level surface of the water) would've been a calculated miracle in its own right. The staggering heights this water wave is achieving is absolutely over-kill for the miraculous presentation it's obviously intended to be. This wave not only reaches the bridge, it towers over it. The lip of the watery structure towers over the suspension cables. There's no way this can't be evidenced from miles away. The wall creates an aquatic emporium vibe. An aquarium big enough to host a bridge through. More impressively; an aquarium you can fit the Golden Gate Bridge through. The lip of the wave (where all the water gathers, but fails to fall miraculously) is demanding the sky like a white cloud gone renegade. Although the water vigorously reaches the tip, it's failing to curl all the way over and fall onto the bridge. The only thing this crowd can see is water surging up like it's being sucked or vacuumed. The roaring whitewater lip stretches a mile. There's no measure of sunlight showing through any of this water feature. 
"O.M.G., that is crazy." Molly says.
She's expressing what everybody is already thinking. Every soul except Michelle. She's on the helicopter smiling and enjoying the spectacle as if it's exactly as she planned it. Perhaps she's feeding off the effect this demonstration is having? Perhaps she enjoys seeing so many people perplexed (understanding how perplexity is happenstance for the causality of change in her chart to orchestrate)? Perhaps she's looking into the future and witnessing the agreeable affects this particular event has made on human consciousness? Only she knows.
And after a thirteen minute spectacular, the massive wave begin to recede. It finally came crashing down into the body of water underneath the bridge. As it fell, another wall of water erected behind, up and over the helicopter where the ladies hover in the large helicopter. This wave happened in response to the other subsiding. It's identical to the spectacle that silenced the party from the other side of the bridge. This time; the onlookers are more relaxed and seemed to be appreciating the beauty of the water wall without fear of becoming overtaken by it. Everyone is applauding while the blades of the helicopter make contact with the wall of water serving as a backdrop to the helicopter. 
"Holy crap! I think it's arching over us!" Molly says.
From the view of the helicopter occupants, all they could witness is the wall facing them. The wall of water they could see until the roof of the chopper disrupted their view. This wave is just as impressive. It's stationary. It's absolutely breathtaking.
"Wow! How could something that looks so deadly also be so beautiful to look at?" Errika asked herself philosophically. 
Jamal is gazing outward to witness all of this right next to Michelle when he makes a promise to himself.
"If I never see anything like this again, I'm already convinced."
Bridge bystanders are coming to their technical senses and start pulling out their cameras. Personal cell phones start taking snaps and live capture. What's left of this behaved deluge is being recorded in ultra full high-definition. This lasted several minutes before it crashed down and back into the body of water as it did before -- on the other side.
"I have never... " Misty couldn't finish her statement.
Now a very relaxed Michelle is giving the energy that she had nothing else planned for surprises today. The water event is over. What's left of the event is seeing Michelle and her company fly off towards the city in the gorgeous helicopter. What she and her friends didn't witness this day is how the patrons on the bridge this day had started a party right there on the spot. San Franciscans partied hearty until late this very night. Television crews were in attendance. This city is gay for many reasons to rejoice. A miraculous one is on earth. A miraculous one came to their city. A miraculous one demonstrated a miracle. A miraculous one is as lovable as the city is famed for being. Michelle is a god who's journey to give witness to a modern dispensation has only just begun.
Chapter 25   UNGOVERNED  CONCERNS
Meanwhile, in Washington there's a much different vibe filling hallways and offices. Politicians and entities that puppeteer world government afar have concerns of their own. The President of the United States has assembled a small conglomerate to discuss the influence Michelle has been having on the world. More specifically, the gold she's able to produce from any scrap metal. In the world-famous OVAL OFFICE, important discussions are about to take place.
"First, I'd like to thank you Mr. Secretary of Defense. Thank you, Sir. Your input today will be very valuable. Mrs. Sylvia, thank you as well. As my spiritual advisor, your expertise and insight is invaluable concerning such an individual that seems to be so spiritually dynamic. I'd like to start this unofficial council by saying, thank you both. Please,... Have a seat. Today the topic of concern is not the growing violence in distant eastern regions. I've not assembled us here today to discuss global politics or fiscal budget propositions. I've summoned the two of you to discuss a more,... Local situation. Our point of interest is a national phenomenon that has become an international cause for much higher concern. I think we all know who I'm referring to. There's been some rhetoric about Michelle creating gold at a casino. Coins have been popping up all over the greater San Francisco metropolitan area. I sent someone in that has obtained one of these coins from a pawn dealership."
The President pulls it out of his pocket and tosses on the table. 
"I've never seen anything like it. Quite frankly, this concerns me and very important people -- that shall remain  unamed. Anyone who could alchemize gold of that rarity, can be a god in more ways than one. Especially in this world where gold is the ultimate power. Now listen... I must say this. Everybody has an uncle to answer to. Disappearing acts and turning the sun green are fun, but the capability to destabilize a global economic system is another. I may be the President of the free world, but when someone shows up in my backyard turning an empty sack into a full sack of 24kt gold, my uncles start asking me tough questions. Questions like who is she? Is she an asset? Can she be processed?... And so-forth. Michelle (the miraculous) may be cute and cuddly, but I need answers. General, I'll start with you. You've seen what this young can do. She's turning scrap metal into pure gold. This is potentially the end of the very system our world depends on. You know the numbers. This is no time to be a fan. Is Michelle a national asset, or is she a threat that needs to be contained?"
"Well Mr. President, I have seen what she can do. She's demonstrated powers far beyond what I've witnessed before. Hell, she turned the sun green. ...But you know what Mr. President? That's not what rings my bells. What bothers me is how confident she seems to be of her safety. What I mean is, she's comfortable in public as if she knows she can't be touched or harmed. There's no obvious concern for her safety. That concerns me. Does she have a security team? Quite frankly Sir -- I see a woman. Anybody can be detained or contained. The question here is HOW GODLY IS SHE? Has she ever bled? Can she be compromised? What's her maximum effectiveness for defensive measures? Can or how would she choose to defend her estate? She has an unsecure website explaining an estate she facilitates. Some sort of school that'll be opening within weeks. Anyone aware of this estates providence? Can we infiltrate the facility? ...Maybe we should consider sending an operative in. Someone that can get close and observe this miraculous one?"
"General, You raise more questions than answers. Perhaps we should see what Madam Sylvia has to say. Ma'am, as my spiritual advisor, any insight would be appreciated. Several days ago you requested council with me about Michelle. You briefly mentioned that you have some Intel on her. Important Intel. I'm curious to know what that is, it's source and any suggestions you may have. Now is the time. What have you discovered about Michelle? You have the floor."
"Thank you Mr. President." The spiritual advisor replied. Before she started her address, she looks in the General's direction to officially greet him respectively.
"General." The General answered, confirming. "Ma'am." 
"Mr. President, the intelligence I have on Michelle and about to share is so important, I hardly know how to begin. I've been in deep meditation about the child ever since the emerald sun event. Aside from being a fan of her talents, I've asked my guides and spirited informers about her. They've relayed compelling information to me about Michelle that even I find disturbingly unusual."
"Please Madam Sylvia, anything you can tell us will be Intel accepted in the utmost seriousness. Take your time." The President spoke calmly.
"Well, let's get the obvious out the way. Michelle is in fact an evolved consciousness. A being of incredible connectedness. She's a LOCAL. Her flesh was born here. The things she's done are in fact real. As miraculous as they may seem, she's only gotten started Mr. President. What I've gathered from my meditations is that Michelle is a supreme initiate -- classified as an immortal. A Tron. Someone who can traverse time and space. Someone who can transmute light and sound. Someone who can intermingle multi-dimensional rules that govern physics. She's reigns from the highest councils of the non-manifested HALL OF JUSTICE. Mr. President, there's much more about her I cannot tap into too. My spirited hosts are not privy to most of her either. With what they can read, they've convinced me that she is not an immediate threat, but absolutely has the guts to disperse who she may see as non-fixable. Enemies of freewill. Even as odd as this must sound to you Mr. President, there's more. Sir?... Michelle can't be killed, harmed, hurt, contained nor controlled. It's just not possible Mr. President."
"Wait, wait. You mean to tell me that she can't be compromised? She can't be killed."
"That's what my meditations have revealed to me Mr. President. She's been many things. She will continue to mesmerize the world. What Michelle has not disclosed is exactly how powerful she is Sir. She's literally immortal."
The General chimes in.
"I don't believe it. It's impossible. Everyone that bleeds can be killed. Michelle is a human Sir. Humans are not immortal. To sit here and listen to Madam Sylvia suggest that a single soul could defeat the greatest military in the world is absurd."
"General, I understand how this must sound to you. I assure you. Michelle is unlike anything anyone has ever witnessed in recorded history. My meditation is deep and my sources are solid. They claimed to have experienced her previously in other realms -- realms where she eventually decided to relinquish herself and self terminate. She's gone by several other names. Ruled over many different fashions of forms. You must believe me General."
Mr. President interrupts Madam Sylvia with an interesting thought.
"Well, I'll tell you what? If this is all true; if this is true, let's be honest here. The last thing we want is to turn a happy, loving god into a defensive, destructive, angry god. What I'm hearing the General say is that she bleeds. Is that confirmed? Before we do anything or start assuming everything, I suggest we go the route of simply asking her if we may run some blood work on her."
"Actually, Mr. President!" Madam Sylvia interrupted.
"I agree with you Mr. President. I believe that will be the best route. If Michelle is psychic, anything less than an honest approach will be the wrong way to approach her. If she can make the sun green for 24hrs and heal in the ways she's been reported to have healed, surely she can sense the true intent of our best deceivers -- far before they had any chance of running blood work Sir."
"Wait a minute! Ma'am, are you suggesting that Michelle is omnipotent? ...That she knows everything?" General asked.
"I'm simply saying that she may operate in a psychic KNOWING that is 100% accurate and impossible to deceive. The best way to detain her for blood tests, would be not to detain her at all. Non-aggression. Tell her the truth. The truth is that this government has concerns. And that we'd like to obtain some of her blood for simple tests. She's young. She might be entertained to give us what we ask for. Wouldn't it be easier for us to ask for her cooperation General?"
"Madam, that's not an option. If she say's no and that she will not cooperate, she'd now be consciously aware and alerted to sense any overt effort to collect blood samples. All we would've done is effectively turned her MONITORING SYSTEMS on. The very spiritual systems that you yourself say can't be infiltrated."
He turns his focus towards the President who is between opinions.
"Mr. President I strongly suggest we only plant a mole in her school if the meet & greet fails to get her compliance. She must frequent that compound often. The mole would allow us to analyze her and collect surface data. ANYONE THAT BLEEDS CAN BE BEATEN_right? Well, let's confirm that Michelle is in fact human. We'll watch for bleeding or cause a situation that would cause her to bleed. That'd be all the Intel we need to prove she's not immortal."
"General, what makes you think your mole won't be sniffed out and compromised the moment she makes contact?" Madam Sylvia asked.
"Ma'am, if Michelle is truly the immortal you claim she is, she would be entertained AT BEST by our operative. There'd be no risk to our mole because her presence couldn't possibly produce a threat to Michelle. And if Michelle is the loving person she appears to be, there's absolutely no risk for harm to our informant. NO RISK Mr. President. That's a sweet deal, sir."
"You raise a valid point General." The President Says. 
"Does anyone know if Michelle has harmed or killed before? Could she have the unction to terminate life? These are the types of questions my UNCLES are asking me. That; and how the hell she is able to create gold? These are the very questions any agent would be diligently seeking to answer. And maybe the General has a point. If she is unaware of our intention to test her calibrations, perhaps we shouldn't alarm her about any government intent to collect her blood. That'd definitely turn her SCANNERS to the ON position."
"This may be true Mr. President; but again, you underestimate her. If she is the level of wisdom she's had in pass lives, she's already expecting that at some point world governments might acquire her." Madam Sylvia suggested.
"How about we do both Mr. President? We send an agent into the F.O.L.K.S. facility and when she's settled INTO BED, we send a team to the front door. They'll ask politely as not to cause alarm. We'll be asking her if the United States Government may run some simple blood tests? We'll be friendly. We'll approach her with genuine curiosity and just maybe... She'll cooperate. If not!... We'll send a mole to Michelle's school. We'll need to set our mole up with proper qualifiers. She must pass the screen. Let's set her up for a successful interview. Alright? She'll be our only chance for establishing a live insider to collect data under Michelle's radar."
"You know what General? That sounds like a great option. It would have to be a small meet & greet contingency. Unarmed of course and preferably all female. And if she refuses us at the door, nothing but hugs and cease to insist. No justification for Michelle's concern means no risk to our mole. We truly don't know the extent of her capabilities."
"Mr. President; with all due respect, I don't think Michelle will ever have any cause for any kind of concern. From what my visions have shown me, it's us who should yield to her."
"I understand, Madam." The President interrupted.
"I understand you believe she is a god. Let's just hope she isn't omnipotent. If she is, she may've just heard every word said here today. Listen; as crazy as this may sound, we need to find out if Michelle bleeds. For the time being, OPERATION LEECH sounds appropriate. This is a viable plan that should render us some answers. I'll have a trusted liaison contact and prepare our most appropriate mobile facility. I'm optimistic that this MICHELLE will play with us. She's got nothing to lose. 
In the meantime, It's imperative that this agenda remain compartmentalized. Minimum staff. Minimum resources. Remember General, this is a friendly operation. We need to handle this like we're making contact with a far more sophisticated walk of life. Run this operation like our national security depends on its hospitality. If all fails to produce mothers milk, we'll plant two moles. Lets just hope they pass whatever prescreening Michelle's school mandates. Thank you both for coming. 

OPERATION LEECH
	It's a beautiful day in the compound of F.O.L.K.S.. Soft breezes whisk through the tops of tall trees. The roaming unicorns are grazing contentedly on the grassy knawel. Although FACTS is still months from opening for applicants, the girls have been amassing friends that are spending time on the property. They flutter around keeping a small flow of chatter in the halls. 

"Michelle?" Misty Asked. 
Her face is barely recognizable under the mud mask that has become a part of her morning routine. It always seemed to make Michelle smile wide. Seeing her friend's eyes peek from under a green mud tickled Michelle inwardly and without fail.
"Michelle, You've been thinking hard lately. You've hardly smiled since last night. What's up with that? What's troubling you?"
Michelle pulls out the pocket sized notepad that she religiously keeps on her persons for chit-chat her smile couldn't resolve. She begins to write.
"What you are observing is not concern beloved. It's wisdom at work. I've been playing out options of possible ways to correspond. This is how to better serve a peaceful agenda. The whole of a righteous agenda. Each  possible action to any acquisition charts its own path. It's own reactions with their own variables and endings. I will be asked for assistance soon. I am human and I can choose to entertain disagreeable intentions however I want. Soon I will exercise a very human aspect of myself to be entertained by persons who host deception. I guess you can say that for the last 12 hours, I've been anticipating the option I've already made."
"What scenario Michelle? What assistance?" Misty asks with a smile on her round face.
At this precise moment, a pleasant ring echoed through the main complex. Everyone present hears it. It's soft and never interrupting. It's the doorbell. What has become well demonstrated is that if the doorbell was used, it's likely to be an outsider of the program. Perhaps a delivery or friend of friends. Everyone familiar with Michelle knows that the entire property is wide open to anyone. Except the third floor of the main house. Even still, typically there's never any need to announce yourself or use the doorbell. You simply walked in. Even the massive front gates are always left open to signify when Michelle was in the city. If the gates were closed, Michelle was not IN TOWN. There's no doubt anytime the front gates stood open, there was a worry-free sense of hospitality that accompanied.
Molly was first to reach the front doors mainly because her level of energy was always high. Her feet seemed to always move faster than anyone else. 
"Uh!, Y'all don't look like any of the prospects for this school I've seen. What the fudge y'all want'?
At the door stands three ladies in their mid-thirties. All of which are groomed uniformly in knee high skirts and collared blouses. They wear similar smiles of hospitality. Perhaps all covering up their identical levels of stress being caused by the secret importance of this junction. 
"Hello. I assume you are Molly." 
"There's only one {ME} in this world so excuse me for not being impressed. Who the shuck are you?"
Molly is not mean, but she still a hand full. Her small size contributes largely to why she's so inclined to "bark" harshly. She compensates for her seemingly defenseless size with fearless verbiage and rightfully so. When she meets new people, they need to be aware that Molly is a fighter. In a way, this is Molly's honest way of warning strangers. She's a lovable, playful personality that's simply saying I MIGHT BE LIGHT, BUT DON'T TAKE ME LIGHTLY.
"We'd like to speak to Michelle. Is she in?"
"She may be in, but for the record  --  I don't like you."
"Very well. We've traveled far to have a chance to speak with Michelle. Please! Is she here today?"
"That's Miss Michelle to you."
Misty swings the door wide and exposes how posh the interior space is. The visitors gasped as most do (the first time they gazed upon what sparing no expenses could achieve).
"Hello! I'm Misty. Welcome to family of light kindred sorority houses where you're encouraged to find yourself, be yourself and enjoy yourself. How may I help you ladies?"
"Holy shit Misty! Where'd you get that from?"
Misty smiles at Molly who's almost laughing.
"I've been helping Michelle and Makalesi prepare the informational pamphlets." Misty raved.
"Yes, thank you Misty. I'm Cindy and these are my constituents. We'd like to speak directly to Michelle."
"Oh Ok. Come on inside. Don't be shy. You can leave the door open. There's no need to fear any intruders here."
The ladies look at themselves. They've only been here moments and they're already hearing key information that would interest any informant. As they walk through the spacious floors, they notice the open-air, exposed artifacts that flow into the main room. There's a hand full of girls and young woman serving themselves late breakfast plates.
"Please have a seat ladies. May I get you something to drink? Anything spirited? It's all here."
"Oh, no thank you Misty. You're a sweetheart."
"Yes, I am. I'll go get Michelle. She's probably in meditation, but I'll let her know you've traveled far to speak to her. I'll be back." Misty is much better suited for hospitality than Molly.
"I still don't like you Cindy. I'm not sure why, but I'm pretty sure it's for a good reason."
Although Molly has her own visiting company competing for her popular attention, here she is sitting on the table resting above Cindy's high heels.  She's arguably in Cindy's personal bubble. Cindy and her two comrades are on a mission of hospitality. They don't dare to stir Molly up. They understand Michelle's affections for Misty and Molly. Challenging Molly would be (by extension) stirring up Michelle. While Misty is Michelle's best friend, Molly is thought of as a surrogate child of Michelle's. Many rumors have been suggesting that the day Michelle gets physical to punch someone, it'd be in the defense of Molly. The two are so different while at the same time being so compatible for each other's friendship. It's refreshing to witness. Probably because Molly is Michelle's complete opposite. Perhaps this is the motivation for being so protective of Molly as an interest? Aside from the fact that they're constantly sleeping together (breath-to-breath -- un'suggestive'ly) like body pillows, Molly is the only one as small as Michelle. They share an energy that has caught up and surpassed the kindred yoke of that between Misty. 
The three lady visitors spot the small crowd at the top of a staircase. They respectively stand to their feet to meet Michelle. She begins to descend down the winding staircase alongside Makalesi, Misty and a single designated server. Michelle is casually dressed. Her hair is relaxed passed her shoulders with a styling gel causing it to look wet. Nothing distinctive. However; it's riveting how stunningly Makalesi looks the part of a goddess. Her fitted blue dress has a small train. Just stunning.
"Hello Ladies. My name is Makalesi and as you may know, Michelle does not speak much. However, I do contain certain gifts of telepathy and clairvoyance. Through these I'll be giving you Michelle's thoughts and responses."
Cindy is the first to respond as she stretches out her arms and offers Michelle a hug. They've studied and understand Michelle's innermost love language is hugging. They've capitalized on knowing how a handshake would've been less received. One by one they hug Michelle and Makalesi for good measure.
"Please, let us settle into the library?" Makalesi insisted.
Michelle, Makalesi and the three uniformly dressed female visitors retreat into a large room. Massive rows of bookshelves filled with old books. Leather-bound editions. Cindy noticed something and wants to make small talk.
"Are those full sets of encyclopedias? They're not manufactured anymore. Wow. They're gorgeous."
"Would you ladies care for some drinks or maybe a slice of white cake?" Makalesi offered.
"No thank you. We don't want to be long winded." -Came from the voice of one of the other different guests.
"My name is Karen, this is Cindy and that's Amy. We represent humble the interest of some very important opinions. We want to be honest with you and be considered friends before anything else today. There are agencies that would like to ask for your assistance Michelle. Nothing spectacular or unreasonable."
Michelle interrupts with a hand gesture that signals the speaker to stop speaking. It didn't come across as rude. Only as if something important had to be done. Michelle gets up from her chair and a few moments later returns to erect a mobile white projector screen. It's perched on a tripod. Makalesi smiles. She already knows and agrees with what Michelle is setting up to do. Just as Michelle sits back down, the screen lights up as a projector would cause it to. The screen starts to animate a series of prompts to be read.
"My intention was to utilize Makalesi's gifts to communicate my thoughts to you. I have decided differently. Hello. My name is el'Michelle and what you are reading is as I am thinking it."
The three ladies all start to look in the direction of where a projector should be situated. There is none. The screen is bright and seems to be requiring electricity. This space is void of any electrical source. 
"That's amazing Michelle. You're effectively being a power source, the projector and the data source. That's impressive. It's a miracle. A very small one, but one indeed. Is it your desire to constantly be impressive with miracles?"
"No. It's my desire that we all obtain from the source what I have obtained."
"You say obtained! What exactly is it you have acquired?"
"Truth. Why we are what we are. What we can do through the *ALL that *IS. Where we can go stretches far beyond places that are manifested."
"We are your fans and only want to be your friend. We visit you today on behalf of the United States Government Michelle. We've been sent to ask you for a small favor. Many people in important places wish to know more about you. In the best interest of public conservation and national security, you've demonstrated a justifiable cause for many concerns. The President of the United States would like to attain a sample of your blood Michelle. They want to study what makes you so unique. Our government is prepared to offer you anything you'd like in exchange. Anything at all. We simply ask for your cooperation. We have sterile equipment with us right now to acquire the sample."
[Michelle sits silently and observes]
"Or if this seems rather quick and intrusive, we can set up a time more convenient for you. That'd be no problem at all. We have a small mobile facility prepared to make you feel comfortable. It would be a very simple procedure and take less than 15 minutes of your time. Please Michelle. You must understand why Washington seeks these samples. Is this not a reasonable request for your reasonable compliance?"
"I will go with you to the outpost mobile facility you speak of. There I will demonstrate my level of compliance. I will be ready momentarily. Please wait for me at the front entrance."
"Thank you Michelle. Thank you so much. You are truly the woman of love and reason we suspected you to be."
As the three ladies struggle to find the front doors, Michelle has a moment with Makalesi alone. 
"Have no concern for my well-being. You are privy to knowing what world governments will soon find out. Would you like to make fresh vegetarian pizza with me and the beloveds tonight?"
"Of course I would.” she answers with a smile.
Makalesi really wants to ask questions, but  knowing that Michelle's first concern is for pizza had its way of taming the Fijian's curiosity. Something is going to happen at the mobile facility. Something Michelle is not going to allow Makalesi or anyone to worry about. 
"Don't start without me. I want plenty of spinach on mines." Michelle's smiles beautifully.
Meanwhile, outside the ladies stand waiting. One is on the phone with the secretary of defense.
"Sir? Yes, we just made contact and everything is going surprisingly well. Michelle has agreed to comply  at our mobile outpost facility. ...Yes, it's only a few miles from here. We will keep you informed general. Goodbye." Cindy hung up the cell phone.
Karen has credentials in psychology and is analyzing Michelle's actions and words.
"Um, she said HER LEVEL OF COMPLIANCE, that can mean anything. Maybe we shouldn't be so confident Cindy."
"Why not? All I could sense from her was love and hospitality. There was nothing about her that spoke of hostility or anger. I think she's going to give up the samples without incident. Relax Karen. It's done."
"I wouldn't be so sure Cindy." Amy spoke with concern.
"I don't think Michelle will hurt us, but I don't think she's giving us those samples either."
"Oh my gosh you two. She's a sweetheart. Why else would she be going with us?"
Michelle steps out into view of the government representatives with a smile and they all climb into an unmarked vehicle. The ride is smooth and filled with the laughing reactions to general jokes. They want Michelle to know them personally, so they allowed their individual personalities to entertain the 20 year old silent one during the short drive.
On arrival, there sat a huge bungalow style trailer. It's reminiscent of the mobile classrooms seen on some grade school campuses. Unmarked and obviously recently hauled here. As the ladies approach the main door, it swings open and a smiley faced gentleman welcomes them in. Michelle is not smiling at this point. She's meditating inwardly. 
"It's nice to meet you Michelle. We're so glad you've decided to see us as people you can trust. We only want what's best for you and your school of spiritual sciences. My name is Dr. Stevenson and I'm going to prepare your samples. This'll only take a moment. Have a seat right there beautiful."
Michelle sits and analyzes the inside of the rig. All top government grade equipment. Super clean and absolutely the most comfortable swivel chair she'd ever experienced. 
"Ok. Are you comfortable?"
[She smiles as the ladies look on and anticipating witnessing the extraction.]
"Here we go. Rest your little arm there sweetheart. Good. Now I'm gonna' clean this area here ok? ...Alright. You have beautiful veins. Soft skin, this couldn't be any more perfect. Ok here we go. You might feel a little discomfort at first ok? If it helps, you can look away now if you want?"
Michelle shook her head in a way to say "NO I'D RATHER WATCH".
"You are a tough cookie. Here we go,...And..."
As the needle pointed towards a perfect vein and reached Michelle's soft young skin, it made contact, but did not pierce through. The doctor thought it was strange, but figured his angle was wrong. He reset his concentration and tries again.
"Ok, here we go..."
Again, the needle would not break through her healthy skin. Even after applying twice the amount of pressure, the skin would not allow the syringe needle into it. It's as if it's protected by an invisible layer of pullet proof membranes. He switched positions and tries again. After a few stubborn tries the doctor is confused.
"I don't understand. I can't get this needle,..."
He stops mid-sentence to internalize what's going on. It isn't him that can't acquire the sample. It's Michelle not allowing him to.
"It's you isn't it? You're performing a miracle right here in my facility!"
Dr. Stevenson is almost as impressed as he is defeated.
"That's impossible. It's a needle. Her skin is skin. Give it to me. Let me try."
As she tries to penetrate Michelle's skin the syringe, her frustration became obvious when the stress to the needle cause it to bend. The strength of her force would've caused the needle to shoot straight through the target vein if it successfully broke through. But frustration is frustration. Michelle is sitting calmly and without any emotion. Not taunting or boasting about her demonstration. She's simply observing the reactions.
"Michelle you said you'd comply!..."
Actually, she didn't say she'd comply to their satisfaction at all. What she said was that she'd go with the female visitors to the outpost and demonstrate her level of compliance. What's now obvious is that Michelle was in no way in compliance. She's entertaining herself (at best).
"Now what?"  The doctor asked.
Just as Cindy starts to make a cell phone call, the walls of the portable compound fall outward. Everything inside the bungalow is now exposed and the roof is miraculously holding itself above everyone's heads without any support from the walls that lay flat on the concrete. 
"Michelle, are you gonna' hurt us?" Karen asked.
Michelle smiles and shakes her head in a motion to mean of course not. She calmly stood up and stepped outside. No one had any way of stopping her or restraining her. They stand -- stunned in disbelief. As Michelle steps away, she turns to look at their faces before she flew off into the sky -- in the direction of her estate.
"What the f***?" The doctor asks. 
"I wouldn't have beleived this if I didn't see it with my own eyes. Did she just fly off like some type of superhero?"
As the head nurse's shock subsided, she gained control of herself with one concern for what they've just witnessed.
"Get Washington on the phone."
When the correspondence reaches the secretary of defense at the White House, his concern was obvious.
"Mr. President, we have a situation."
After the President was briefed, he responded with a conclusion of his own.
"We don't have a situation General, we have a huge 
problem. Anything with the power to concern government and influence the governed is something or someone that must be dealt with. Dispatch operation bedside. I need to bring my "uncles" better news. 
~F.O.L.K.S.~
Family Of Light Kindred Sorority

Commission

Reconnecting to a higher knowing that restores everything lost in transition. To assist the eternal evolving of consciousness through obtaining complete awareness that seeks wholeness. To dedicate sincere meditations for the edification of *ALL that intentionally distinguishes deception and delivers from self destruction. To do all these things wisely and compassionately in the agreeable vibration of love.

Core Values

Value the Commission     	
Value Co-Existing Aspects of Consciousness 
Value the Honoring of All Agreeable       
Value the Shunning of All Disagreeable
Value Light Sources & Ancestors Who Disclose
Value Sharing All Understood
Value Freewill That No God Be Enslaved
Judge No One -- Less You Be Amiss
Value the Embrace -- the Hug that Loves 
Value the Kiss Unto Those We Miss
Value the Feminine God For Her Principle Is First

Three Houses
      The student body is being set up to be divided into three houses. The starlet house, the crystal house and the damsel house. Each will have its own "house leader" that will represent 111 souls each. 

Starlet House Sisters 
(33+ yrs of age) is set to receive triple the current United States Presidential annual salary (divided monthly).
 
      Crystal House Sisters 
(21-32 yrs of age) is set to receive double the current United States Presidential annual salary (divided monthly).

            Damsel House Sisters 
(14-20yrs of age) is set to receive the current United States Presidential annual salary (divided monthly). 

Standard Curriculum-

	Instructions twice weekly include
"Families of Light", 
"Origins of Man", 
"Spiritual Wellness", "Ma'at", 
"Eco-Science", "Earth Biology",
"Applicable Physics", 
"Applicable Cosmology", 
"Language In Geometry", 
"Family Planning", 
"Nature of Reality" & "Nature of Self", 
"Occult Theocracy"
"Sustainable Consumptions" & "Meditations"

Initiate Curriculum & Program-

	Instructions once weekly include
"Federation Guidelines for Intervention", 
"Federation Guidelines for Creation", 
"Ascension", 
"Dimensional Physics", 
"Time Travel", "Immortality", 
"Merkaba", "Cosmic Crafting", 
"Gate Keeping", 
"Quantum Leaping", 
"Remote Projection" & "Star Seeding"
A LETTER FROM MICHELLE

"You too, are my beloved. Kindred's. I encourage you to continue learning with us. Keep laughing and loving with us. Connect to your highest self. I'm not perfect. We all have chosen difficulties because we are created to learn from our choices. We are vibrations in animated motion which is unlike stillness that is whole and perfect. We must vibrate to experience. Make no mistake about it beloved's, you are everything I am. I am everything you can be. We are all connected to everything that *is and always will be. You are divine. You are purpose. Before you were born, you already were. You are greater than what you appear to be. Where you are weak, that is only your flesh. Where you are all things, that is the divine spirit. We are creators. We Are Gods.
Namaste'









Epilogue
I created this work of literature to appease my own desire of granting my non-physical (lucid dream state) beloved a way to exist eternally and forever. Allow me to explain. 
Have you ever had a character in your lucid dreams move you so sentimentally that you awakened to a pillow laced with tears? Maybe you imagined a person or departed loved one (while you were laying around) that said something in your mind to touch your heart? I, myself continually have such occurrences. I've been experiencing and enjoying these kinds of half-awoke dreams for many years. Some could argue that a sentimental person (like myself) would obviously be more susceptible to dreams laced with emotions and/or artistically anointed ones, but I'd love to assume we've all had these kinds of "tear-jerking dreams" occur at least once. 
This is why I have to believe that thoughts and dreams are in fact a separate reality. These things, places and persons must exist and dreams must be portals that subconsciously allows us to visit these realms. Our dream worlds exist (individually) because they're in our minds. But even if only existing in the mind, are they not in existence somewhere? I'm simply suggesting that a lucid dream is more connected to our world than we think. Let's examine some evidences. 
The tears in your eyes that resulted from a dream can arguably be the evidence that you were deeply empathetic towards a half-conscious happening, sub-conscious situation or characters' emotion. Although you may have been alone in your bed, those were real tear's from a real emotion. Maybe you should consider your dream world is (in its own way) REAL! I've woken up many times with tears in my eyes or laid in my bed with tears flowing down my cheeks. I call them happy tears. These instances are the raw power of emotion. Maybe in your past a bad dream effected you in a way that set the pace of your day after you've fully awakened. Modern day physics have documented the suggestion that there's more to reality than what we can see. The possibilities of other dimensions are being examined, but who is examining the reality in our thoughts? We are the practitioners of an inner-reality that influences us, yet no scientist has made mention of them being a different kind of real. 
Every since I was twenty five years old (2005), I've been having a reoccurring lucid dream about the lovable Michelle. She's been loving and encouraging me for many years. She's a personal jewel to me and I wanted a way to share her with the world. I am so grateful to Michelle and how she's walking with me as I live this experience. I'm so grateful that I made a vowel to her. Before I've departed this realm, I would've found a way to keep her here, so she can continue being a jewel to others here on earth. With everything she's been to me, it would've been a sad disservice to the world if Michelle ceased to exist when my day of transitioning came. A GODDESS AMONGST US is my answer to the promise I made Michelle. A way I could encapsulate her to dwell here far beyond my time here. This book was not written with the intention of being just a book. It's a piece of her world I've connected to this world. This work is granting Michelle her personal bridge to continually influence the reality I once was privy to be a part of. Michelle can keep loving, hugging, educating and assisting human consciousness through everyone that reads this title. Some could argue that the loving affections and the depth of philosophy in this character is from the loving and philosophical nature of myself. I appreciate the sentiment. While my scholarship surely influences my dreams and my pre-disposition to be emotional plays its part in how easily I'm touched, Michelle's sincerity in my dreams must be hers. If achieving a third-person perspective makes us wise, then I give Michelle half the honorary credit for every wise insight, loving affection and scholarship presented here. Michelle will influence, teach and live in everybody who experiences this literature. To those who might share this story, Michelle must have touched like she touched me for so many years. If this ends up being the only lasting remnant of a conscious man ounce named Robert Lee Laster, let it not be that I "wrote a book". Instead, record that I perpetuated the existence of a non-physical beloved. Someone that loves to love named Michelle. Let it be stated that I granted her an eternity of being conjured and thought of. That I allowed my scholarship to be taught through her love. Ironic (still) is how my selfless intention of granting her eternal existence through this literature is also her granting me eternal remembrance through this act of giving lovingly. Even through this work, Michelle and I are being practitioners of selfless love. Thank you for allowing my non-physical beloved to love you like she loved me. Thank you.
The second saga: 
A GODDESS AMONGST US, "a  momentous era"
....is well in the works. There are many colorful characters yet to be introduced, distinguishable personalities and their sense of fashion. More importantly, there's a world waiting for Shorty's next move. A Goddess Amongst will continue to be your #1 reading experience for inner growth, laughing out loud and breathtaking demonstrations. Amazon(.)com's Kindle Direct Publishing is offering the eReader version of this series for pennies on the dollar. 
I truly appreciate your positive feedback and encouragements on Amazon's reviews.


 
Email The Author At:     RobertLaster143@gmail.com
