GODS & TALES

ipam

Smashwords Edition Copyright 2019 Pamela Joan Barlow Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


CHAPTER ONE



The city of Birmingham is geographically located almost in the center of the US State of Alabama.
The city had been founded in the year 1871, after the American Civil War, starting to thrive in the new industries of iron ore, coal, and limestone rock mining and steel production to the northeast region, within the USA. Major of the natives had come from England and then settled in the dirt. Thus, the founders decided to name the new city in honor of Birmingham, England.
Throughout the decades, the city had experienced significant ups and downs during the Great Depression of 1930 and World War One in 1941 affecting both industry jobs and population growth.
Currently, there are over 210,000 individuals living with the city limits.
Geographically, the valley floor on the city runs in-between parallel mountain ranges which tail end on the Appalachian mountain range and then the rainwater drains down into a series of small creeks branches, including the Village Creek, which flows directly down into the Black Warrior River. The flat valley of the city is surrounded by numerous mountain summits. Red Mountain is located south of downtown Birmingham. Sand Mountain stands in the north of the city. Ruffner Mountain is due east of the city. Shades Mountain sits southeast of the city. Oak Mountain is due south of downtown Birmingham.
The city of Birmingham is 147 miles west from the city of Atlanta; 92 miles north from the city of Montgomery, 147 miles northeast from the city of Meridian within the US State of Mississippi; 239 miles southeast from the city of Memphis within the US State of Tennessee; 192 miles south from the city of Nashville, within the US State of Tennessee, and 148 miles southwest from the city of Chattanooga in Tennessee also.
Geologically, the city comprises 146 miles of land and 2.5 mile of fresh water streams.
Humid, sub-tropical climate in the air waves over the city of Birmingham supplies hot summers with 85° Fahrenheit and mild winters with 44° Fahrenheit and provides abundant rainfall throughout the solar year, with March as the wettest month. The driest month is October. The fixed geographical arena experiences severe thunderstorms, tornados, and remnants of active tropical hurricanes coming south up from the Gulf of Mexico.
On the outskirts of city limits of Birmingham, twenty-six different suburbs thrive and contain 491,000 individuals, making metro city area comprise 700,000 individuals.

Cast of Characters:

Adults:
Mrs. and Mr. Windsor, mistress and master, Windsor Farms, Sand Mountain, Alabama
Granny Hanover, god and goddess mentor, Windsor Farms

Teen gods and goddesses:
Archibald, teen god, city of Jamestown within US State Virginia
  nicknamed Shango from the pantheon in the city of Jamestown, Africa

Bibi, teen goddess, city of London within US State of Minnesota
  nicknamed Nikki from the pantheon in the city of London, England

Chun, teen goddess, city of Tibet within US State of New York
  nicknamed Kuan Yi from the pantheon in the city of Tibet, China

Fabio, teen god, city of Naples within US State of Florida
  nicknamed Mithras from the pantheon in the city of Naples, Italy

Kruti, teen goddess, city of Bali within the US State of California
  nicknamed Shivaa from the pantheon in the city of Bail, India

Hansel, teen god, city of Lund within the US State of Utah
  nicknamed Balder from the pantheon in the city of Lund, Sweden

Josefina, teen goddess, city of Carlsbad within the US State of New Mexico
  nicknamed Is Chel from the pantheon in the city of Carlsbad, Mexico

Liam, teen god, city of Waterford within the US State of Maine
  nicknamed Lugh from the pantheon in the city of Waterford, Ireland

Marcus, teen god, city of Athens within the US State of Georgia
  nicknamed Ares from the pantheon in the city of Athens, Greece

Noako, teen goddess, city of Sapporo within the US State of New York
  nicknamed Dainichi from the pantheon in the city of Sapporo, Japan

Rachel, teen goddess, city of Memphis within the US State of Tennessee
  nicknamed Isis from the pantheon in the city of Memphis, Egypt

Thian, twin brother of Thianne and teen god, city of Fultondale, Alabama

Thianne, twin sister of Thian, teen goddess, city of Fultondale, Alabama

Yaffa, teen goddess, city of Maui within the US State of Hawaii
  nicknamed Pele from the pantheon in same city and US State
Story Plot:

One of the twenty-six independent suburban cities is called Fultondale.
The suburb of Fultondale contains 8,380 individuals that live, work, and play at 685 feet above sea level that lies due north from the city of Birmingham. The city was incorporated in the year 1947 and had been a mining town in the 1900s.
The geographical city encompasses 12.20 square miles all landmass, without a single exposed fresh water stream above the dirt ground. The suburb offers numerous residential areas, businesses and one school system.
The landmass is formed from numerous ridgelines that comprise the southern end of the Appalachian Mountain chain with mountain peaks over one thousand feet in the sky, which has been mined for the past one hundred years.
On the southwestern side of the city, Sand Mountain lies in-between the man-made roadway Interstate-65 and the natural shallow fresh water creek, which is called Five Miles Creek stream. The mountain summit stands tall at 1,013 feet in the sky and houses at the 667 feet level, the Windsor farm house, all of farm crops, and all of the farm livestock and one single special schoolhouse for a special gang of teens.


Story plot:
Each baby newborn god or goddess must participate in the Fosterage Ritual, where each god and goddess infant is raised by a pair of adoptive guardians, not their god or goddess biological parent. Then, each supernatural teen is sent to a special school in the city of Birmingham, within the US State of Alabama, in which, each one will be trained to enhance their special god or goddess talents, abilities, or whatever else the god or goddess possesses at a metaphysical level for growth and improvement in order to become an active and responsible young adult god or goddess on Planet Earth.


Continued the same calendar date but different place and time zone.....


Thursday June 6th


City of Washington D.C., within the USA
Dull moonlight and heavy thunderstorms with warm temperatures

09:34:28 pm (Eastern Time Zone, USA)
Smithsonian Museum location
Hallway setting


Isis and Thian had created a working team at the school house building in Sand Mountain and then landed down on top of the quiet, clean floor inside the Smithsonian Museum in the city of Washington D.C., the capital of the United States of America. They slowly padded down the open corridor and searched for the assigned art work which was entitled Hercules at the Crossroads.
“This is so romantic. Don’t you think so, Thian?” Fourteen year old Rachel had selected the fun goddess nicknamed of Isis and held onto his naked arm with a smile.
Thian felt her hand and then gasped in alarm, nodding with nervousness, clearing his throat. “Uh! This particular piece of ancient art work had been painted by Annibale Carracci…”
She smiled and shuffled closer into his rib cage with smiles and giggles. “He is an Italian native. We should perform a pop after this and visit the city of Sicily, this evening for a late dinner, Thian.”
“Right! Annibale is an Italian native. The database stated he had painted the picture in the year 1597. The painting showed half-god and half-human Hercules where Hercules had to chose the path of pleasure or sin or noble deeds. I guess we both knew which path he took from the ancient tales and the Hollywood television programs,” he slightly chuckled with amusement.
“What path are interested in taking, tonight, Thian?”
He frowned. “Path! Where is the foot path that leads to the painting? I didn't see it, Isis?”
She giggled with a smile. “Are we walking a pleasurable or sinful pathway?”
He gasped in shock and cleared his throat, “Annibale Carracci had painted an allegory which is a moral lesson in the form of a story. Is that not clever of the painter?”
“Do you like to learn a moral lesson, Thian?”
“I like to learn and exercise a set of good moral lessons, all the time, which is good for you and for me and for everyone. Italian painter Annabel Carracci was telling the viewers that a person could acquire fame and fortune, if they worked for it rather than take the easy pleasure in life.”
She giggled. “I would take all of the fun pleasures in life. What would you take as your path, Thian?”
He stopped and stared at the intersection in the hallway, looking down at the portable computer tablet, where he had downloaded the layout of the museum from the internet information. “I think we are to go down this corridor on the left side of the hallway.”
They turned the wall corner and viewed a naked hallway without a wall of framed drawings, painting or pieces of mounted art work. On the right, a glass room was filled with individual colorful dresses standing tall on a headless manikin.
They stopped and stared into the glass room.
Isis giggled at the rows of items and continued to hold his naked arm. “Behind the long wall of glass are individual US First Lady gowns that were wore by each married or single lady of the President of the United States. One the front room, the first frock had belonged to First Lady Dolley Payne Madison. She was the wife of James Madison, the fourth President of the United States.”
He studied the room and then looked down, studying the electronic map on the computer screen with puzzlement. “I guess I missed the connecting junction back there. So, we should backtrack from this room and find the art gallery setting.”
“Can we stay a little while here? I wanna peruse the First Lady inaugural gowns, Thian?”
He continued to study the computer screen and jerked his hand from her arm, typing on the keyboard with annoyance. “All right! I guess we can stay for a little bit here. But then we need to finish our business and return back to the farm, before Granny finds out that we are all missing. She will not be happy but mad. You do not want to see her mad, only happy,” he chuckled with amusement.
“Aren’t the rows of First Lady inaugural gowns beautiful, Thian?” She stared with a smile at each gown.
“Yeah,” he grunted with annoyance and continued to study the computer scream, locating the art gallery within the massive museum.
“Can’t you imagine being presented a royal palace here, Thian?”
He frowned. “The American culture does not present a royal ball or a royal palace. We are a republic to which I stand both strong and brave. We believe everyone is equal here,” he nodded with a smile and continued to scan the row of First Lady dresses with puzzlement.
“I remember that. I was referencing a royal party and getting dressed up in a beautiful gown with sparkling diamond tiara.”
He smiled down at the computer screen finding the new location, “During the Christmas holidays, we hold pageants and parties. I guess you can get dressed up and dance around the room with music and ...” 
Rachel was fourteen years old and not his older teenly age. He could hear the words coming from Granny with her sneer.
She continued to stare at the rows of beautiful gowns. “Dancing! I love dancing. Will you be my dance partner at the next holiday party, Thian?”
He frowned. “It’s kinda too early for that…”
“Please, Thian!”
He exhaled with more annoyance. “Yeah, I guess so.”
She turned and smiled at his chest as she was petite to his tallness, “That's so nice! I can’t wait to dance with you, Thian. I’m getting so excited right now thinking about wearing a long flowing gown and a sparkling tiara and dancing all night long. Can I really wear a glittering diamond tiara?”
“Well, I guess so.” He looked up and turned to see the glass window, blinking his eyelids shut and then open. One of the big bulky gowns in the wall corner had shuffled forward from the wall corner and stood in the next row which was humanly impossible. Each stationary First Lady gown was housed inside an air-tight room without an ounce of air ventilation, because the moisture in the air and air winds would rot off each piece of ancient lace and silk from the First Lady gown causing the dress to disintegrate on impact. 
That the information was displayed on the glued hand-painted sign which was stamped onto the glass window.
“I can dance the tango and cha-cha. And I can waltz too. There are not many girls that can perform a proper dance waltz like me.”
“I guess so.” He continued to stare at the big First Lady gown. The dress shifted again. His two naked eyeballs was tired from reading and surfing all the information on the computer tablet from last night regarding the different pantheons within the deity world. The deity world consisted of gods and goddesses from the cultures within Greek, Roman, Spanish, Mexican, African, Chinese, Indian and more.
Inside the large glass window display, that big gown slowly moved forward and stopped inside the next row of First Lady gowns.
She smiled. “I might be a short goddess, but I have a pair of long legs. Do you want to see my legs, Thian?” Isis slid her foot in front of her body and stared down at her sandal.
“Impossible!” He gasped in alarm. Some of the other gown on a dummy were slowly scooting ahead toward the glass window inside the haunted display.
She looked up and winked at his jaw line with a giggle, “Do you see my leg, Thian?”
“Isis, we should leave this place, right now.”
“Why? I like the row of First Lady dresses. Each gown is pretty and give me a fun idea for my formal frock for our upcoming waltz dance performance.”
He jabbed a finger at the glass and the row of growing dresses inside the window display. “Isis, do...can you see the row of dresses in the rear of that big room?”
She turned with a smile and stared through the glass at the rows of first lady gowns, narrowing her two eyelashes in the side corner. “Which dress are you pointing at? There are sixty two dresses in there.”
“The row of dresses in the rear of the room, do you see the row of dresses?”
“Which dress do you like Thian? I will make a copy for our upcoming dance and then model it for you.” She giggled with a smile.
“Did you see the dresses with sparkling sequins? The row is slowly moving like a row of fighting soldiers in a musical march towards the glass window.”
She returned back and smiled at his jaw line, “I like sequins. Sequins are pretty things that shimmer and shine. So I’ll get a dress with sequins on it. Would that please you, Thian?”
“The row of sequins are slowly moving ahead and coming toward the glass window, where we are standing. Impossible! But I do see it and still don't believe it.” He continued to stand and stared at the row of moving dressed. Thian was tired from the lack of sleep. That’s all here.
“Or maybe I will make a silk dress in the color of rose. I love roses, the flowers. Do you like roses, too, Thian?”
“This is not happening in here right now! Those things are not moving across the floor towards us. This is not possible in here, right now!” He continued to stand and study at the weird movement while whispering for his eardrums.
“You can give me a rose or a bouquet o roses any time you want too, Thian.”
The three moving row of First Lady gowns rolled over the front row of First Lady gowns and then collided into the glass window with a loud crash, shattering pieces sharp particles in the air, over the hard tile, on each dress, and inside the display floor. A row of tattered and mangled gowns floated a few inches from the floor and in the air, spilling down on the floor, dying in the stillness of silence. The other rows of First Lady gowns continued to march forward through the new opening inside the broken glass window while tearing the fabric pieces, ripping off a long sleeve or the floor hem or a pretty collar from the First Lady gown.
“Jump back, girl!” He dropped the computer tablet on the floor with worry and wrapped both of his arms around the waistline on Isis, jerking her from the pathway of marching dresses, sailing both of them into the opposite wall. He covered her body and stared at the row of marching dresses with puzzlement.
“Ah! What’s happening in here? What are you doing to me, Thian?” Isis looked up and screamed in shock at the moving rows of First Lady gowns without a human female body inside the pretty fabric while feeling great fear and mystery.
He continued to view the rows of angry dresses with fear, “Can you form a goddess force field shield around your body, right now?”
She huffed in fear. “I guess so.”
The row of angry and haunted First Lady dresses continued to march towards the teen god and goddess without words or screams or grunts, stepping on the computer table, burning the metal components with heated flames in blue, yellow and red. Then the computer table burned into a pile of gray ashes, sending up a smoke signal in the air waves.
On the opposite wall, he continued to hug Isis and stared at the row of dresses, “Do it, too it, right now! Stay put right here! I’ll go and clear us a new footpath towards the exit door on the other end of the hallway.” He turned with a stern face and studied the hallway viewing the exit door that was the best plan for escaping from the crowded hallways with the rows of marching First Lady gowns. Further down the empty hallway, the floor did not contain pieces of torn dress and fabric debris that seemed to slither into live and then crawl across the floor towards the teens.
In-between his arms, Isis stared at the rows of tore and ripped First Lady gowns and sobbed with tears of fright. “I’m scared in here, Thian.”
He exhaled with worry too. “We’ll be okay. Stay put right here!” He released Isis and moved ahead of her body, reaching out with one arm, wiggling his index finger that activated his god powers. He slammed a stream of god force and opened the storage door on the side wall, levitating three brooms and two mops from the room into his hand. He leaned down and swept the trash of tattered fabrics from each torn First Lady gown away from Isis and finished the job.
“Okay, Thian!” She leaned into the wall and sobbed with fear.
He turned and raced down the hallway, sweeping away the grounded remnants from each one of the torn First Lady gown pieces from his footpath, when he heard the sound and then stopped. He spun around and viewed Isis.
The first row of marching dresses were ripping off individual glittering sequins, wooden buttons, metal zippers, plastic bows, and other hard items from each gown, tossing the item at Isis on the opposite wall. “Ow!” Isis screamed in pain. “Pain! I have pain in my legs!” She danced side to side in pain from each tossed items that stung and burn her naked skin and her clothes.
Thian quickly raced back to Isis in horror.
Three of the First Lady dresses with a set of two fabric sleeves where holding the right arm, the left arm, the right leg and the left leg on Isis, carrying her body above the air. The three gowns were dragging a tiny Isis across the sharp glass shard, cutting into her back muscles. Isis and the three First Lady gowns were half the distance back into the broken glass display case.
He performed a god leap from the floor and flew ahead in the air while hurling each broom and mop at the three floating First Lady gowns like a baseball bat, whacking each gown. The three First Lady gowns halted and continued to hold goddess Isis above the glass shards.
Thian reached down and snatched Isis from the three First Lady dresses, landing down on the floor, placing her on top of the clean tile for protection and safety. He performed another god leap from the floor and landed down on top of the one of the First Lady dresses, squashing the gown down on top of the tile, reaching out, ripping off each fabric sleeve with both of his naked hands from the other two First Lady dresses. He tossed the nasty fabric down on the floor. More individual First Lady gowns exited the broken glass window display and attacked his body striking loose garments and an array of detached accouterments consisting of zippers, beads, buttons, bows, and sequins. The small light weapons bombarded his body striking his face, both of his cheekbones, his chin, both of his arms, his chest, stomach, both of his legs, his two thighs and finally his booted feet. He performed a god twirl kicking out his leg at four of the First Lady dresses and then circled around, leaping from the floor, striking both of his boot toes at another row of First Lady dresses. His counter fist punches were useless against a tall dummy of soft yarns of fabric as Thian continued to hit the fabric. The First Lady gown would bounce backwards and then forward like a punching ball into his chest or his face.
Thian growled in annoyance at his person and shouted out loud, “Frack! Frick! Do something else, Thian!” He then performed a god leap from the messy floor with the huddle of fighting First Lady gowns and flew in the air, landing down beside an unconscious Isis with heavy breaths. He leaned down and touched the arm on Isis, snapping his fingers, performing a god pop from the floor of the Smithsonian Museum location.
At 10:10:08 pm, they disappeared into thin air without a musical fanfare or a plume of white smoke or a tiny ting of musical note.


Town of Fultondale
667 feet height on top of Sand Mountain, within the US State of Alabama
Warm temperatures with twinkling stars and full moonlight

09:09:09 pm (Central Time Zone, US State of Alabama)
  (One hour earlier than Washington, D.C.)
School house building setting
Dull moonlight with clear sky at heated temperatures


Teen god Thian landed down in an upright pose on his two feet while huffing out an array of sour breathes with fright, stumbling down on his kneecaps on top of the school house floor. He placed Isis down on the hard tile.
The teen goddess yelled out his name. “Thian!”



Same day but different American city and time zone....


City of San Diego within the US State of California

07:09:58 pm (Pacific Time Zone, USA)
   (Two hours earlier than Fultondale, Alabama)
Barn floor location
Light rain showers at 66º Fahrenheit


Shivaa and Lugh had formed a working team and decided to explore the US State of California, landing in front the side wall on an ancient red tinted horse barn that did not contain horses. They were currently huddled underneath the metal awning trying to stay out of sight of the ranch house.
"Lugh.” Shivaa whispered out loud and motioned toward a closed set of double doors. Lugh continued to crouch and shook his bone skull pointing towards an open door further down on the side wall on the barn structured. They slowly moved ahead towards the cracked down and as their individual nostrils sniffed a strong smell of wild animal coming from the enclosed barn room. These type of wild animals were not a group of friendly barnyard livestock consisting of chickens, goats and pigs. They were instead.
“FREDS,” Shivaa stopped and stared through the cracked door with worry.
Each Earth-bound super creature measured seven foot in height and possessed white tinted thick fur, a head of red tinted bushy hair, a pair of green tinted eyeballs and were blood-related to a werewolf. These particular breed of Earth-bound creatures came from the same supernatural world that was shared with the teen and adult gods and goddess but were called FREDS.
Each FRED normally hunted down and devoured the raw meats from each dead wild animal within the outlying forests consisting of coyotes, rabbits, squirrels, some stray cats and dogs and an occasion dairy cow, if not missed by the human owner. This was very odd to see a FRED out hunting during the early evening hours. With more odd behavior, a FRED was waiting for a teenly god or goddess for their evening dinner meal. Each human mortal was off-limits for a FRED, unless an occasion silly human had wandered into their food path. Then it was some bloody fun mealtime for all.
“Let’s scat from here, right now, Shivaa!” Lugh leaned over the collar bone on Shivaa and viewed the crack in the doorway, gasping in alarm.
She sneered at the short, cowardly little male god and stared at the huddle of FREDS, “No! We must see the artifact. We must find and then defeat Satan’s Grandmother. Else, all of us will never make adulthood. I wanna see my parents for the first time in my life.”
“I don't need to hear your sob story, because I have the same one. But we need more help in here and in there.”
“I agreed too. So, you go and get Ares and Thian to come back here and fight with me against the FREDS.” She smiled at the group of FREDS inside the barn.
“Right! Yeah! Okay!” He snapped his fingers and preformed a god pop leaving the California barn yard and his new goddess friend Shivaa, retrieving some god help with the known enemies of the teenly gods and goddesses.
Shivaa attacked with her new plan and screamed out loud her rebel yell of fight.


§


Back at the school house building on Sand Mountain location, at 09:09:16 pm (Central Time Zone, US State of Alabama, Thian and Isis rested on the smooth floor. 
“Help!" Thian continued to squat down on the floor and stared down with worry at a wounded Isis. "Isis is bleeding.” The other teen gods and goddesses swiftly gathered around Isis.
“I can heal her. I possess that goddess power,” Nikki moved ahead with a stern face and stopped, squatting down beside the wounded goddess. She reached out and placed both of her naked hands on top of the first bloody wound, closing her eyes. She mediated in silence with a healing touch on Isis.
Balder appeared and leaned down, assisting Thian to stand upright, shuffling both of them from wounded Isis and healer Nikki. Balder stopped and wiggled his big toe on his right flip-flop that activated his teenly god powers. He produced a long sofa and shoved Thian down on top of the soft leather fabric standing guard over his friend. The rest of the gods and goddesses surrounded the soft and stared down at Thian. Thianne and Ares moved ahead from the shared bench chair and formed a semi-circle in front of Thian.
Thian leaned down and examined his personal battle wounds, poking at each one with a sissy whine. “We were attacked at the Smithsonian.”
“Who or what attacked you?”
Thian frowned. “A dress...”
Mithras frowned. “Uh! Did a bad lady in a dress attack you inside the museum?”
He continued to tap on the bruise with a sissy whine, “Numerous marching rows of First Lady gowns inside the glass window display room within the Smithsonian, the entire closet of clothes decided they wanted blood, my blood and her blood.” Thianne parted from Ares and moved ahead, squatting down, examining the wounds on her twin brother. She reached out and cupped both of her hands over the first bruise. She and Thian were a pair of identical twins and also possessed supernatural gifts that can heal each other for some reason.
Ares laughed. “You are lying, so badly, man!”
Thian shook his bone skull and looked down at each wound cut and blue tinted bruise. “The dresses acted like they were possessed.”
Shango laughed. “Garments ain’t alive, bro, only people.”
“The dresses attacked us and then lashed out and harmed Isis. I do not lie,” he watched the healing hands on his sister touch each one of his wounds.
Kuan Yi frowned. “Were you harmed, too, Thian?”
“I received some light bruises, maybe, a few wound cuts.” He exhaled with puzzlement at the attacking dresses.
“Dresses! Do you say a group of dresses attached your body?” Mithras laughed.
Pele nodded with a stern face. “Something is quite wrong here.”
“An array of tossed glittering sequins cut your skin and wooden buttons sting your leg muscles.” Thian looked up and chuckled with the other teens.
“Leave him alone right now and for the rest of the night, ya'll. Or you will answer to me!” Thianne continued to shuffle her talented healing hands and sneered at the other teens.
Thian noticed the pair of sunglasses on Ares and smiled at the stupid teen god. “Why are you wearing a pair of dark sunglasses over your two naked eyeballs, Ares? There is not any sunlight during the nighttime, bro!”
“Watch this neat god trick!” Ares back stepped from the semi-circle and then stopped, waving both of his arms in the air, dropping down both of his hands, slapping his legs. The other teens turned and smiled at a silly Ares. Ares slipped the pair of dark sunglasses over both of his naked eyeballs. Instantly, the pair of sunglasses morphed into an enclosed black tinted warrior metal helmet that protected his face, both of his two eyeballs, his two earlobes going all the way down into the neck muscles.
On top of the sofa, Thian gasped in shock and then smiled at the new item. “Cool toy! Can I have one too?” Thianne finished healing each one of the small cuts and bruises on her brother, slowly standing upright, sitting beside her brother. she smiled at her boyfriend Ares.
“Yeah, this is cool toy and the cool toy is unique only to me, only one of a kind for me.” Ares smiled inside the enclosed metal helmet and slapped his chest that displayed a new blue tinted designer dress shirt. “Watch the wrist watch on my arm!” He reached inside the pocket on the trousers and slapped the new wrist watch on top of his naked arm. The wrist watch rapidly transformed into a large golden tinted body shield that was anchored onto his arm all the way towards the crook on his elbow, covering his upper torso. The other teens gasped in shock as Ares laughed in amusement.
Thian swiftly stood upright from the sofa with a gasp of shock and approached Ares with puzzlement, standing a few inches from the body shield, not touching but admiring the ancient weapons. “What are these two things? Where in the universe did you receive these two things, Ares?” The other teens stared at the two items and mumbled with jealously also.
Thianne continued to sit and smiled at her boyfriend. “Ares found the three items there at the Louvre Art Galley. We found them together there.” She blushed with a pink hue re-thinking the love moment. They had landed down inside the sub-basement of the building, instead of inspecting the ancient Greek painting.
On top of the floor, from the body of Area, from his head inside the enclosed black tinted helmet, his voice echoed within the classroom. “I found all the new cool items inside a glass display case which was labeled: Ares, the god of war. Look at this cool god trick too! This mobile telephone turns into a long sword.” Like magic, he pulled out the silver tinted mobile telephone and cupped in his fighting hand. The phone quickly transformed into a long sword before each pair of god or goddess eyeballs. The other teens gasped in shock at the new array of god toys.
Is Chel frowned at each new god weapon, “What really happened here to you, Ares?”
Ares laughed inside the helmet. "I truly don’t know. But this is really, really cool. What do you think, ya'll?”
Thian frowned. “Well, our god trip was not cool for Isis or me. We almost get killed by a row of dresses.”
Shango laughed. “Really, Thian! Did a row of soft, fluffy female dresses really attacked your a...?”
“Assume here, ya'll!" Kuan Yi frowned. "Thian and Isis by chance or by rotten luck had encountered some type of un-natural evil which had possessed the rows of First Lady gowns. I, too, had visited the Smithsonian Museum in Washington DC and had seen the rows of inaugural First Lady gowns. Some of these gowns are very elaborate with pretty and gaudy decorations.”
Is Chel gasped in alarm and waved both of her hands near her frown, “Wait a minute here! Maybe, the evil power comes directly from Satan’s Grandmother.”
Thianne gasped in shock and stood upright from the sofa, joining the huddle with the other teens, “We don’t know who Satan's Grandmother really is. What she really is? Where she really is?”
Pele turned and frowned at the teen goddess, “What are you suggesting here, Thianne?”
Thianne nodded and talked while moving her hands. “Satan's Grandmother might have given us a new clue here in finding the hidden cave, without realizing it. Look at the current facts! Ares, he had found a set of ancient god weapons, when we had been looking for one of the ancient gods that might could open the hidden cave with the entrapped nasty race of Titans there at the Louvre Art Gallery, by accident. Second, Thian had been there at the Washington DC Smithsonian Museum to inspect a second god or goddess artifact, when they were attacked, by accident or by chance.”
Mithras nodded with a stern face, “So are we are getting warmer?”
Kuan Yi nodded with a smile. “I was say that we are getting hotter.”
Thian nodded with a smile. “I agree with each valid assessment from Thianne and Kuan Yi. We can’t stop our forward teeny progress now. We are getting closer to finding that shi...”
“Shivaa!” An alto voice yelled out loud in the middle of the room. Each teen spun around and gasped at Lugh. The short male god was wiggling side to side and crying with sad tears of worry.
Pele gasped in alarm and approached Laugh first with fury. “Where is your work partner Shivaa?” The other teen gods and goddesses shuffled ahead and formed a new huddle around Lugh,
“Gone!" Lugh sobbed with more worried tears and wiped his runny nose with the back of his hand. "I mean back there. I mean. She. I mean. I left her.”
"Why did you leave her back there? Why did you leave your work partner, little man?" Mithras growled with annoyance down at the cowardly tiny male god.
Pele frowned. “Lugh, sit down on the floor and calm down! Tell us! What has happened to you and Shivaa?”
Thianne sneered. “Where is my friend Shivaa, Lugh?”
Lugh continued to sob and cry in-between his words, “We landed there at the horse barn, but there were not any horses in there. Then we were. She was. Attack...”
“Dang it!” Ares cursed out loud and still wore his helmet, staring down at Lugh.
“Give us more details of the event, Lugh! Is Shivaa there in the barn or inside her bedroom at the Windsor Farms?” Kuan Yi sneered.
“Is Shivaa harmed?” Is Chel gasped in worry.
“Speak out loud, Leprechaun.” Ares drew his sword and swished it in the air waves.
“We were attacked by FREDS.” Lugh sobbed with tears of worry.
“Holy snot!” Mithras frowned.
“Heck fire!” Pele frowned.
“Hold my spit!” Shango frowned.
“Perform your god pop and take both of us back to the horse barn, Lugh.” Ares started to remove each one of his new god toys and replaced each one down into his jacket pocket for safe keeping.
Lugh whined and shook his bone skull, staring down at the floor. “No! I’m not going back to there for any reason or purpose or punishment.”
“You’re the only one with the locate pointer for the horse barn location, Lugh.” Thian frowned down at the cowardly male god.
“Do it, too it, now, small man!” Ares squatted down with a sneer and reached out, grabbing the designer knit shirt on Lugh. Lugh did not look up to see arrogant Ares but snapped his fingers. They both of them disappeared from the school house floor into thin air.





Same date but different American city and time zone...


City of San Diego within the US State of California,
07:39 pm (Pacific Time Zone, USA)

Sunset (reds and pinks)
Parted clouds at 66° Fahrenheit
Horse barn setting


Lugh and Ares landed down in a squat position on top of the wet grass in the rain storm and then slowly stood upright from the wet ground. they slowly marched ahead towards the same cracked barn door and stopped, dropping down on the wet grass. Ares crawled ahead on both of his hands and knees through the slightly parted doorway and then stopped, hiding behind a tall bales of green tinted hay. The air odor would disguise their god scent from the huddle of FREDS for a short time.
He produced a god force field of invisibility and surrounded his body and the folded body on Lugh, who continued to squat outside the barn door for protection and visual observation.
A huddle of six smelly tall FREDS had surrounded goddess Kruti. She sat upright inside a wooden chair and was bounded with tied ropes around both of her wrist bones and ankle bones. Her two hands were tied down on top of each wooden arm rest. Her naked feet stood flat on top of a bale of hay. Her head was bowed down to her chest.
Ares narrowed his two eyeballs and used his god vision, softly cursing in angry. “Dang it!” The goddess was bloody and missing numerous body parts. Goddess Kruti was gone and dead from the Earth plane.
Out of the wandering light day mist, a ghostly figure materialized in the form of an animal. The animal possessed the head of an elephant with a trunk, two human feet, a big belly, and four different arms and hands. Then the animal spoke to each FRED. “I am Ganesh. I am the Hindus god of peace. I have come for my goddess daughter.”
Ares gasped in alarm at the strange and unique sight. One of the deities was visiting the Earth plane during his time of grief and mourning, gathering up the living soul from his goddess daughter for the permanent journey into the afterlife.
Each FRED swiftly stepped back from the super tall and super powerful entity. Ganesh changed into human form of a male holding an anelace in his hand, cutting off the ropes from both of her wrist bones and ankle bones with sadness. He wiggled the anelace in the air making it disappear from his hand. He leaned down and lifted up her limp body into his chest, quickly and quietly disappeared from the barn space and left a tiny plume of barn dust. Sunshine quickly illuminated in his spot for a few seconds and then turned into darkness.
Each FRED growled with fury and slowly moved ahead to the wooden chair with the dried blood proteins from the dead female goddess while sniffing the air waves while moaning over their lost lunch for the day.
From behind the tall stack of hay bales, Ares leaped upright from the floor and placed the pair of dark sunglasses over both of his eyeballs. The wrist watch was slapped over his wrist bone and he held the mobile telephone in the same hand with the watch, feeling each teeny item quickly transform into a true god weapon. He sneered with revenge for Kruti at the six stupid FREDS.
Outside on top of the wet grass beside the barn wall, Lugh gasped in alarm and stood upright, slamming open the side door, shouting out loud in fear, “Ares, don’t do it, too it!”
“Heck fire! I'm doing it and I'm ending their hunt, right here and right now.” Ares growled with his clanked teeth and then performed a god leap from the floor, flying through the air, slicing his god sword through two out of the six FREDS into death. He continued to fly in the air using his god powers while dicing each arm, slicing into each torso, and tearing off each leg. Numerous body parts pieces coming from the remaining four FREDS flew in the air, on the floor, and around an air-borne fighting teen god Ares consisting of red tinted blood proteins, gray muscle tissue and white colored furry skin tissue and then each one quickly ignited into a tiny fireball burning into a pile of air-borne ashes. The calm winds carried away each gray tinted ash flake into the forests, down on top of the pond water, and into the grassy meadow pastures.
Inside the barn floor, Ares dropped down from the fight and stood among the guts and blood, removing each one of his new god weapons from each body part, replacing each bloody and dirty item back down into a wet pocket on his ruined suit jacket. He growled with fury from the thrill of the six kills and then turned viewing the teen male god, sneering his teenly command. “Perform the god pop and get both of us outta of here, right now!”
Lugh exhaled with deep feelings of sad sorrow for dead Kruti and slowly padded closer to Ares in order to perform the god pop trick and halted a few inches from the rib cage on Ares. Lugh reached over and touched the naked and bloody wrist bone on the teen god, snapping his two fingers, disappearing from the bloody floor and returning back home at the school house building.


Back at the school  house building on top of the Sand Mountain location, at 10:09:48 pm which was Central Time Zone, US State of Alabama, both Lugh and Ares landed down on top of the hard floor inside the school house building.
The group of teens stood on top of the soft mud dried floor within the four walls of matching dried mud worrying about their goddess friend Kruti, who had selected the fun goddess name of Shivaa. Isis had been carried into the Windsor Farms and was located upstairs inside her private room for a peaceful healing slumber for the rest of the night.
Inside the tiny room, goddess Thianne felt the shift of the air waves within the room and then slowly spun around, seeing only Lugh and Ares standing on top of the floor, not her friend Kruti. She shouted out loud with puzzlement. “Ares!” She dashed ahead and stopped a few inches from Ares. The other teens spun around and dashed ahead, forming a semi-circle around Lugh and Ares, staring at the two teens in silence.
“Where is Kruti?” Thian frowned.
Ares did not move but tightened his jaw saying with a soft timber. “Gone!”
Kuan Yi frowned. “Where has Kruti gone to? Why would Kruti go someplace else? She was supposed to come back here to her home. We have leave from here and go and find her.” Lugh continued to sob and cry wiping off his runny nose with the back of his hand.
“Goddess Kruti has gone into the afterlife.” Ares exhaled with sorrow.
Mithras sneered. “I do not understand. Specific what has really happened to goddess Kruti, Marcus?”
Ares nodded with a sneer. “The barn had been filled with FREDS. Then they had cut her …”
“Yeah! We all know that.” Is Chel nodded with a sad face for the loss of her goddess friend.
“Holy snot!” Mithras sneered.
“Heck fire!” Pele growled.
“Hold my spit!” Shango frowned.
“No! It can't be, not my friend Kruti.” Thianne screamed with tears of sadness. Ares moved ahead and cuddled Thianne into his chest. She continued to sobs and cry with her sad tears.
Thian exhaled with sorrow and nodded to each face. “So, goddess Kruti wasn’t one of the teen gods or goddesses that Satan’s Grandmother was looking for. Else, she would have been captured alive, instead of ...”
“Don't say it, Thian!” Pele frowned and started to sobs with her own tears of sorrow for her goddess friend.
He nodded with a stern face. “However, I do believe that our new goddess friend Isis might be one of the goddesses that Satan's Grandmother is seeking. There inside the museum, the rows of haunted First Lady gowns were chasing after her, not me.”
Balder nodded with a stern face. “That is a very good point, Thian! We need to gather around and protect Isis for the next mission.”
Shango frowned. “Does anyone have a suggestion about the other two teen goddesses or gods that Satan's Grandmother wants to snatch and grab for her personal use?”
Is Chel frowned. “Clueless!”
Pele nodded. “What do we do now, Thian?”
Thian nodded. “We keep on hunting down and tracking more of the ancient artifacts. Now, I am convinced more than ever that the numerous art work pieces holds a major clue in finding Satan’s Grandmother, the hidden cave, the nasty race of Titans and ...”
“... new danger for us,” Kuan Yi nodded.
Balder nodded. “Danger comes either way for each one of us!”
Mithras nodded. “Balder is correct. We fight or flee. I wanna fight.”
Pele nodded with a sneer, “I wanna fight too."
Is Chel nodded with a stern face. “We should go back to California and gather her body for …”
“Her dad Ganesh made an appearance while me and Lugh was there," Ares nodded and continued to cuddle Thianne, who continued to cry without words. He said "I guess he had felt her death. Ganesh is the Hindus god of peace. He had been her real dad. Ganesh had materialized inside the barn floor, after her dead and then he collected the limp body and then he disappeared from the barn setting.”
Kuan Yi gasped in shock, “What do we tell to Granny Hanover and Mr. and Mrs. Windsor, tomorrow morning?”
“The truth!” Nikki nodded.
“We lie.” Shango shook his bald mound.
“We wait!” Thian nodded. "Now, everyone go to bed and try to sleep," he spun around with a stern face and moved ahead, walking through the solid mud wall without looking back at the group of teens. The other teens followed behind Thian and left the school house building in silence, slowly padding towards the Windsor Farms and their individual private bedroom suite.
CHAPTER TWO


Friday June 7th


01:24 am

1,013 feet peak, Sand Mountain location
Lush, green tinted forest setting
Bright moonlight with clear sky at warm temperatures


Thianne had not been able to sleep after hearing the sad news about goddess Kruti and her untimely death from the huddle of FREDS. So, she had spend the time inside her bed mattress and then mapped out the star cluster of Monoceros on her new computer laptop first. The she had then the comforts of the Windsor Farms again while wandering around the open woodlands on top of the mountain for hours using her goddess senses and a pair of spy glasses, when she had spotted a family of unicorns grazing on the tender grass near the creek stream in the early morning hours underneath the bright moonlight.
The gang of teen gods and goddesses needed to find the location of mysterious Tartarus and discover the whereabouts of Satan’s Grandmother, who wanted to open the gates and release out the nasty race of Titans.
Inside the barn loft, the last vocal message from her biological mother said: Find a unicorn.
Thianne slowly tracked the family of unicorns and hid among the tall forest trees. The mother and the father of the baby unicorn had ventured down the smooth creek stream, eating more of the tender grass. The baby unicorn had turned and traveled down the opposite way out of view from her parents. Thianne had followed the baby unicorn and parked behind a tall tree beside a row of fruit berries, snatching each tiny blueberry, tossing it near the baby animal. The baby animal smelled the broken berry and approach the berry, licking up the juice.
Thianne had continued to toss an individual berry on top of the short grass until the baby unicorn was moving closer to the grove of tall trees that continued to hide Thianne. “You are so precious! Come over here to me, baby.” Thianne whispered with a smile at the tiny creature.
The tiny creature was covered in white tinted soft fur and slowly inched closer on a pair of tiny hoofs in her direction. Thianne held out a tiny blueberry on top of her flat palm with an extended arm towards the tiny animal to smell. The baby female blinked pair of her long yellow tinted eyelashes shut and then opened and then stomped her small front glittering hoofs twice.
Thianne giggled lightly in fear of scaring the unicorn away from the hidden brush. “Good!” She smiled and placed another juicy blueberry on top of the clay dirt. The baby unicorn moved ahead and leaned down using its cute nose to smell the fruit berry.
Thianne studied the baby unicorn. Her tiny body was glowing white hue that almost blinked the eyeballs on the goddess. Her two rounded eyeballs were dark green color. Her two tiny ears were pink coated. Her two nostrils flamed with a red lining. Her nose tip was light blue hue. Her long tongue was painted in orange tinted. Her four tiny hoofs shimmered in specks of yellow, blue and purple. The unicorn was a walking rainbow.
The unicorn snorted with delight of the sweet fruit and moved ahead closer to the goddess, nibbling the berry juice.
Thianne fetched another tiny blueberry from the row of fruit bushes beside her elbow placing the food item down on top of the short grass and closer towards her folded kneecaps. The baby unicorn sniffed the air waves and smelled the smell odor, slowly moving closer to Thianne, licking the sweet fruit. Thianne giggled softly.
Dropping down another tiny blueberry, the creature stepped another hoof and stood a few inches from the folded kneecaps on Thianne. Thianne reached down and gently touched the furry head feeling baby fine hair of soft fur which was softer than the barn kitten.
Thianne placed a new blueberry inside her lap.
The baby squatted down and folded both of her tiny legs down, tucking them behind her stomach as she smelled new food item. Thianne calmly stoked the tiny ear point and then the tiny hoof on the baby unicorn as the animal nibbled on the fruit. 
Then Thianne felt a pinch of instant pain and as her two eyelashes closed shut. She experienced a funny sensation of falling off a high mountain cliff which was impossible. She was located in front of a tall tree sitting down in a thick carpet of short grass beside a row of fruit bushes. She could hear the soft whimpering coming from the baby unicorn within her goddess eardrums and could smell a sharp tangent smell inside her nostrils coming from lost stray canine dog. Her sense of smell and sight disappeared into darkness as her mind lost consciousness of the unicorn and the moonlight inside the forest proper.

At the current time of 06:06:06 am at sunrise with red, blue and yellow glowing rays of early sunlight and a row of parted clouds with warm temperatures, Ares had ventured away from the Windsor Farms and shouted out loud for his girl while searching for Thianne inside the thick forestland. “Thianne! Thianne!”
Beside the rows of fruit berries and in front of the tall tree, Thianne wiggled side to side from hearing her vocal name and then slowly sat upright on her kneecaps, moaning out loud, “Ugh!” She rubbed both of her eye sockets and then her aching head.
Ares spotted her body with a gasp of worry and rushed ahead, squatting down beside Thianne while watching her body movements for any injury or another ailment. “Thianne, are your hurt, princess?” He reached out and probed her collar bone, both of her naked arms, and her naked legs with both of his hands.
“The baby...”
His girl had ventured out with another one of her personal adventures in the middle of the night. Thian had tattle-tailed about the first outing with his sister to his friend Shango, but the pair of god eardrums on Ares had picked up the secret information.
If Ares didn’t sleep so soundly from all his extra punishment activities with Granny, then he would have been babysitting his love. However, that was the job for her twin brother, until Ares and Thianne were married.
On top of the wet grass, he smiled. “Thianne, were you playing with the litter of baby cubs or baby lions this week, darling?”
She wore a dizzy headache and whispered with confusion, “Ares!”
“It doesn't matter now! Time for school, sweetheart! Grandma is going to be infuriated if you miss the school sessions without an excuse from your parents, well, from your brother Thian.” Ares chuckled. A god or a goddess did not become sick with an ailment or miss a school session at the school building as their mom and dad could not provide a note of absenteeism.
She scanned the trees with puzzlement. “Where am I?”
“In the forest like Robin Hood, Maid Marian?” He smiled.
“Robins!”
“Were you playing with song birds like pretty fake and pretend Cinderella-belle? Can you stand upright from the wet grass, baby?” He stood upright and then leaned down, assisting her to stand, cuddling her into his chest.
“Maybe!”
“You got a nasty wound cut on your precious forehead, princess.” He viewed the wound and pulled back her messy curls from her sweaty face.
“Ouch!” She reached up and touched the wound, pulling back her hand, showing the blood.
He placed his rough hand over the soft wound and activated his god powers, closing the head injury, leaving a small red tinted skin patch which would heal within a few minutes. “Is that better, precious? Are you in pain, princess?”
She continued to scan the forest with puzzlement and felt her goddess powers increase in strong with the rays of bright warm sunlight, “Yes, I feel so much better, now, Ares. Thank you!”
He leaned down and grabbed her dirty hand, kissing her limb, pulling back with a smile. He leaned over and whispered into her cheekbone, gently shoving them ahead through the forests back towards the Windsor Farms to prepare for school sessions. “I would do anything for my girl. Look out now! You are going to have to fake it inside the school house room today.”
“Today!”
“Our school sessions will start within two hours, princess.”
“I’ll be fine for our shared school sessions. But Thian is going to notice that I’m missing.”
“He is particularly clueless today!” Ares continued to move ahead and laughed out loud with his secret.
She didn't shake her curls but frowned with worry moving ahead with Ares. “Thian isn’t easy to fool. He’ll find me and then question me and then…”
“Chill, precious! I stole Archibald’s white tinted powder dust and then I made Balder disappear from the hallway on the Boy's floor inside the Windsor Farms, when he was going downstairs to find some food, really early this morning.” He laughed out loud and leaned over, pecking her wet cheekbone with his love, pulling back with a smile.
She gasped in shock. “What did you do?”
“Balder is official missing in action. The boy-gods are searching for the misplaced body,” he laughed at his evil deed.
“Thian will murder your body, Ares.”
“Only when Balder returns back from his new hiding place!” He snickered with a smile.
“Where is he located at?”
“In the last place any one brain-celled moron would look for a missing body.”
“Where is Balder located at?”
“Balder is underneath my bed mattress inside my private bedroom.” He laughed.
“You are so …”
“...ingenious.”
She smiled. “I was going to say beaten. Thian and Balder will tear your fanny apart, Ares.”
“Is that supposed to impress me, princess?” He cuddled her and breathed on her neck while wishing that they could stay inside the forest for the day. However, school sessions and Granny Hanover beckoned beyond.
Ares knew Thianne was a powerful goddess. She could whip the buttholes on both god Thian and god Balder into a pair of tiny yarns of ball, if she really would try. However, Thianne was too sweet and too nice for such a nasty set of goddess dirty deeds. So, Ares loved, protected, and overprotected Thianne, like her twin brother.
They slowly scooted around the grove of trees. Ares snapped his fingers and then he performed the god pop trick, when they disappeared from the forestland grass and went back into the lobby of the Windsor Farms.

At the current time of 07:56:11 am, inside the school house classroom, among the bright sunlight and parted clouds of warm temperatures, Ares and Thianne walked one at a time through the mud wall and entered the classroom setting that displayed the familiar red tinted mud walls. Each one stared at the other the teens and saw each worried face. Ares smiled and escort Thianne into the room, stopping a few feet behind Granny Hanover in silence.
Granny Hanover stood several feet from the entrance wall and was surrounded by the other teens, staring at each face in silence.
Kuan Yi waved both of her arms in the air and wore a stern face, speaking out loud to Granny.  “Once upon a time, there was a devi named Kruti. She lived here at Windsor Farms with us. She had traveled from US State of California, when her adoptive parents had been accidently crashed by a moving train.”
Pele nodded without the arm movement and stared at Granny, “Kruti, she went by the goddess nickname of Shivaa, who is the true dive of destruction.”
Granny clutched the bumblebee necklace and nodded to each face, “I know the real goddess Shivaa. Shivaa is a most certainly one hot tempered goddess,” she chuckled and counted the number of teen. “I count thirteen teen gods and goddesses here inside the school house building. No more and no less!”
“Granny, Kruti is a tall girl with a head of dark curly shoulder length hair. She started here with me inside the school house at the age of fourteen years old. Now, she is almost eighteen years old.” Is Chel nodded with a stern face.
Granny scanned each face and then sneered out loud. “Deva Marcus!”
“Present!” Ares cuddled with Thianne and continued to stand behind Granny for fun.
Shango laughed and winked at Ares, “Deva Trouble with a capital letter of T.”
Granny growled in a low tone with angry. “Where is Deva Hansel?”
Shivaa and Pele were smiling. Nikki was crying with a set of sad tears of worry. Shango and Thian were folding their hands into fists and then unfolding their fists back into hands on each side of their legs. The other teens continued to stand around the huddle and watched the verbal dog fight and maybe a physical cat fight.
Granny exhaled with annoyance and ordered to Ares while staring at the other teens. “Deva Marcus, you are commanded to retrieve and bring Deva Hansel back here inside the school building room!”
“Fine! If you really believe the school house room can hold me and his bigger ego.” Ares laughed and then snapped his fingers while activating the god pop trick on the teen god male.
Balder/Hansel re-appeared on top of the dry mud floor in the fetus position and presented with an unconscious state while sound asleep. Nikki spun around from Granny and dashed ahead towards Balder and then stopped with a gasp, squatting down, rubbing his sweaty forehead. “Balder, sweet!” She looked back and sneered at Ares. “You hurt …”
“….only my naked eyes are from that loud tee shirt, man! Go and change your designer outfit, Archibald?” Mithras turned and smiled at Shango.
On the floor, Balder slowly shifted side to side and sat upright on his kneecaps, wiping off his sweaty face, wiggling his hands and arms. He viewed Nikki with puzzlement and whispered her name. “Nikki.”
“Are you alright, Balder?” Nikki worried with concern.
He slowly nodded with puzzlement and scanned the room with confusion, stopping on Ares, remembering with vivid clarify. He was heading downstairs for a morning time snack and collided into Ares, who was standing in the middle of the hallway. Then Ares doused a white powder on Balder. Balder sneezed and then became really sleepy, dropping down on top of the hard wooden floor on the second floor.
Balder reached up and touched the bruise on his cheekbone while sneering out loud with his vocal threat of death, “You're a piece of raw Cougar meat, Ares!” He yawned from the long nap and rubbed both of his eye sockets wiping away the sleepy crumbs.
The football team of the Birmingham State Cougars was the revel college football team against the Birmingham University Bolt. Birmingham University or Burn U was the favorite football team for Thian.
On top of the floor a few feet from the entrance wall, Ares continued to stand and laughed out loud while cuddling with Thianne, slapping his chest. “Gingerbread man, don’t threaten me, ever!”
“Deva Marcus, you will have extra fun duties, right now, until the suppertime meal tonight.” Granny spun around and sneered at Ares, moving ahead with a smirk towards the mud wall.
He released Thianne and tossed both of his arms in the air wearing a sour frown, “Dang it, Granny! I was only providing some interesting fun and games for each teenly entertainment, before the breakfast meal.”
“The daily school sessions are dismissed for the morning. Please follow me into the farm year, Deva Marcus!” Granny ordered.
“Hurray!” Some of the teen voices yelled in union.
Ares scanned the room and realized each teen voice, jabbing a finger at each god and goddess with a sneer. “I heard that nasty remark! And I do not forget a teenly voice coming from a teenly female wussie or teen male wuss, either," he spun around and frowned at the back spine on Granny. "Do you mean to come with you, right here, right now, today, Granny?”
“Right now, come along with me, Deva Marcus!” Granny walked through the mud wall and disappeared from the school house building into the bright sunny day, leaving the other teens.
Ares frowned. “Heck fire, Granny! It was only a joke or a tease or a taunt. Balder is a big boy. Well, maybe, Balder is the biggest baby wussie in the universe along with the other biggest wussie baby Thian.” He spun around and jabbed a finger at Thian, nodding with a frown at Thian walking backwards towards the mud wall.
“Ares, are you kindly asking me for a pounding of your body?” Balder sneered and cuddled with Nikki.
“Yeah! I do believe that the punishment befits the crime, god-boy.” Thian laughed.
“Thian!” Thianne spun around and viewed her boyfriend Ares with worry. Then Ares walked through the wall and disappeared from Thianne and the school house room in silence. She wanted to go with Ares and spun around sneering at her brother.
Thian smiled at the wall and then stared at his sister with a gasp. “Thianne, are you feeling sick? You look really pale on your facial skin. What is wrong?”
Thianne exhaled with annoyance and nodded with a frown. “I am not sleeping very well.”
“O! It's been too much excitement during the week. I understand that,” he chuckled.
“Ares!” She frowned with worry. Ares/Marcus was getting another set of punishment duties from Granny for rescuing Thianne from the woodlands, after tossing a diversion at her brother Thian.
“Forget about him, Thianne!” He frowned.
She swung around and stared at her brother, “Ares, he doesn’t deserve this punishment duty from Granny this time.” This time, the matter had been her fault, but she had promised Ares not to tell her brother Thian, since her brother would worry and then watch her sister too closely.
Shango laughed out loud and stared at Thianne. “Yay! Ares does lots more punishment, this time and next time and the upcoming time about that one.”
She exhaled with worry. “This is not fair to punish Ares. He was …”
“Thianne, that punishment isn’t really a punishment. Granny just gives Marcus some extra work around the farm property to exercise his god skills and discipline his inflated god ego.” Thian nodded with a smile.
“The extra work drains all of his god talents,” she frowned at her brother.
He shook his bone skull with a smile. “Drain Ares of his god skills! Naw! A T-rex dinosaur couldn’t drain Ares from his god powers. He is too arrogant and too powerful for any mortal or animal or beastie, Thianne.”
“I don’t understand your statement or your reasons. Ares, he comes back tired and bruised.”
He continued to shake his bone skull and chuckled with a grin. “You do not see his mental condition, but all of the other teen gods do, Thianne.”
She frowned. “What are you talking about, Thian? What mental condition exists on Ares?”
He nodded, “Teen god Marcus has jumped up thirteen and one-half steps in advancement within his god ways and powers.”
“You’re mistaken, Thian!” She shook her curls with the wrong conclusion of Ares.
“Marcus is an accelerator, as well as, a conduit of power like an electricity tower.”
“No, Thian! You are wrong!”
“When he performed that god pop with Lugh in order to rescue Shivaa, that was all Marcus.”
She nodded. “Lugh had possessed the locate pointer.”
“Lugh had privately described to the rest of the teen gods how Marcus had singled-handed mopped the barn floor with four different FREDS, all by himself, Thianne. That was all arrogant Marcus, not a tiny Lugh.”
“What are you saying here to me, Thian? Lugh was hurt and confused with the terrible, tragic situation.”
“Before that, Marcus had happened to stumble upon the set of godly, magical toys, a pair of sunglasses, a new mobile phone, and a new wrist watch band. Those are not baby teething toys. The three items were placed there and had used by a full status god, Thianne.”
“No! You did not know what you are talking about, Thian. Who is the full status god with these three god weapons?”
“The cool toys had belonged to true, real Ares, the god of war.” He nodded. “Our pretend teen god Ares had accessed that true god power and then used the new god power for himself. Our pretend teen god Ares had worked their raw supernatural powers for good.” She crossed her arms without a word. He nodded with a smile. “Thianne, Marcus possesses more than a set of awesome talented god powers. I don’t understand the punishment duties from Granny, either. However, she can tell and see and feel that boy’s stuff or things or powers or whatever.”
She waved both of her arms in the air and frowned with worry, “Thian, are you saying that Granny is testing him and his god limits for what purpose?”
He nodded. “My best guess here would be Granny is testing his god power limitations.”
“Why, Thian? Why is she doing that? I don't understand. I’m still concerned and worried and anxious about Ares. I ...”
“Don’t get upset, Sis. Granny isn’t beating the living soul from Marcus with a large, heavy tree branch with biting ants,” he laughed.
“We can only wish!” Shango laughed. Thianne turned and sneered at Shango with angry.

At the current time of 08:25:38 am, in the bright sunny with parted clouds and heated temperatures, inside a flat pasture of short grass without horses, crops and people that was surrounded by forestlands, an array of flying thick tree branches pounded down on his hair roots and then his back spine and at both of his legs as seventeen years old Marcus/Ares swiftly struck each flying object down on the ground, in the air, and out into the grove of woodlands. He frowned with annoyance among his sweaty face, “Granny, stop it!”
“Do it, again, god-teen!” Granny growled and stood on top of the flat pasture grass waving both of her arms in the air, pulling off each healthy tree limb from the grove of forest. She slowly encircled an old wooden red tinted wagon which had been used to fetch wood piling for the chimney stack inside the Windsor Farms.
Ares stood in the middle of the wagon floor and defended his body from each attack of tree branches that contained tree leaves and rough tree bark and some crawling red tinted ants. He sailed each branch away from his sweaty body and down into the deep forest scaring both the foul and foals.
“If you insist ...” he laughed with the physical fun and relived the fun event when he made Balder disappear from the common hallway and then rescued his princess from the forest fairies. He whispered for his eardrums only, "Why was Thianne inside the woodlands?"
Ares wanted to ask Thianne a dozen questions but was more concerned about her safety, after knocking on her bedroom door, without hearing a verbal response or seeing a physical encounter with her brother Thian. Then Ares had discovered she was gone from her private chambers.
Ares was very worried about Thianne. That wasn’t like his princess not to answer her bedroom door without peeking outside first. Thianne also would sense him coming and then greeting his smile, without the prompting ear blasting knock.
Strange!
Ares felt a sense of danger for Thianne, once he had discovered Thianne was missing from her private bedroom. He shifted his god senses immediately locating her inside the dense forestland on top of Sand Mountain, which was several thousands of feet from her residential home at Windsor Farms. His feeling came from his growing and expanding god magic.
Granny had always told to the young gods and goddesses that their supernatural powers would exponentially grow as each teen came closer towards the year of their eighteenth birthday.
Ares was getting mighty closer also to his full god powers.
He deflected the last thick tree trunk without tree leaves into the forest. “Time out here, Granny!” Ares exhaled with heavy breathes and wiped off his sweaty face.
“Do it again, god-teen!” Granny continued to perform a lady growl and slowly encircled the stationary wooden wagon flinging more hard objects at the teen god.
This silly physical game was getting tiring, since the second day of his acceptance here at the Windsor Farms. Ares had endured the daily punishment duty.
Granny Hanover was completely mean and also insulted Marcus during each workout session, but she had a bite and a sting, if a person came too close into her sizzling lightning bolt.
Ares had made the first mistake by insulting his academic monitor Granny Hanover which resulted in her awarding his first initial punishment and then sequential consequences after that. However, he found the set of physical exercises really more fun rather than the supernatural school of academics which were really boring.
If Marcus/Ares needed to find a fact, then he could perform a god pop trick into a museum or into a past or a present event. He rather enjoyed the physical workout using his growing body muscles except when the exercise would ruin his new designer business suit. And lately, the set of fun exercises were upsetting his girlfriend Thianne.
Ares could take the brow beating from Granny; the insults from Balder, and the threats from Thian for flirting with his only beautiful twin sister. However, Thianne was his life, his princess, his girlfriend, and his future wife. She and he were going to get hitched within two more weeks which was so close. Then Marcus would become a full god and Thianne would become his full goddess.
“Do it, again, god-teen!” Granny growled and continued to toss each heavy object at Marcus inside the wagon floor.

At the current time of 9:00:09 am, the other teens sat around a smaller square shaped wooden table while softly discussing the set of current events from last night and this morning eating the breakfast meal without teen god Ares and teen goddess Kruti.
The school house walls still were not decorated with a fun theme, only presented in red tinted dried mud. The house staff had prepared food trays inside the manor when Kuan Yi had activated her goddess powers and then materialized on the side wall a long table with individual food trays for the hungry teen gods and goddesses.
Kuan Yi sat at the king's end with Isis, Dainichi, Lugh, Is Chel on the long side. Thian comforted his sister Thianne, who was still upset about the punishment duties for her boyfriend Ares by Granny Hanover on the queen's end of the table. Shango always sat beside his best god pal and next to Mithras, Balder, and finally Nikki.
Pele stirred the food on her plate and shook her curls, staring down at the food. “Poor Kruti!”
Lugh stirred the food on his plate and frowned at Pele. “Granny doesn’t believe us here.” He ate the food and slowly chewed staring at the other teens.
Shango laughed out loud and winked at Lugh. “O! Is that a bad thing here?” He looked down and scooped up food with his fork and spoon, eating the breakfast items, chewing with an open mouth and stared at each teen while listening to the sad conversation.
“Kruti, she did exist here.” Nikki nodded with a sad face and leaned into the bicep on Balder, staring down at an empty plate without food. She didn't feel like eating this morning.
Kuan Yi stirred her food on the plate and stared at Thian, “Hold that thought, Nikki! What’s the plan, Thian?”
Is Chel swallowed her food from the plate and stared at Thian also, “What is the new plan, Thian?”
Balder swallowed his food and frowned at Is Chel, “What new plan?”
Is Chel frowned at Balder. “Our new plan to save each one of our teenly god or goddess living souls from Satan's Grandmother.”
"O yeah!" He ate more food and chewed with a pair of parted lips.
Shango swallowed the food and then turned with a wink at Balder, “Is Balder feeling okay?”
Balder mouth spat his chewed food particles in the air and over his plate, “Stow it, Archibald!”
Mithras turned and nodded to Thian. “We all should be training like Marcus.”
Kuan Yi frowned. “Training! Is Marcus really in god training? What for?”
Is Chel shook her curls with a smile at Kuan Yi, “Punishment duty is not violent and destruction.”
Thianne wiped off her sad tears while missing Marcus and meekly informed each teen. “Ares would greatly object to that comment.”
Lugh frowned. “Ares ain’t here!”
Thian frowned. "Is Chel and Isis are not here either. Where are they hiding up in their room?"
Mithras nodded with a mouth of food, “Because he’s training with his god skills. We should be training with our god and goddess skills in preparation for Satan's Grandmother too.”
Shango laughed. “Training! He’s getting his butthole beat bad and badder and than badder by Granny.”
Dainichi laughed. “Ares is receiving his morning tally of work detail exercises. That's all. That's it. That's done!” She ate the food.
Lugh nodded to Dainichi. “Are the daily work detail exercises fun?”
Thianne expressed with fury and worry. "No!"
Kuan Yi stared at the teen goddess, “Where did Marcus get his three magical toys, Thianne?”
Thianne nodded with a stern face, “We had been assigned to visit the country of Paris and search inside the Louvre Art Gallery. Ares found these three items there.”
Mithras nodded to Thianne, “How did Ares locate them within the massive art gallery? That particular art gallery is eight miles long”
She shrugged her shoulder and wiped off the tears from both eye socket. “I don’t know. He just did.”
Mithras frowned. “How did Ares just find that location inside a physical structure that was eight miles long, Thianne?”
She smiled. “Ares had popped us down into the gallery...”
“...without a computer navigation system ...” Balder nodded.
“….or a locator pointer...” Thian nodded with a stern face.
She nodded with a smile. “Yeah, that's right!”
Shango smiled. “Geez! I’m impressed.”
She nodded. “Ares found a sign on the floor that read: Ares, the god of war.”
Thian tossed up a palm near his stern face, “Whoa the horses! Back up a moment! There was actually a sign that directed Marcus to the three god toys.”
She giggled. “Ares, the god of war!”
Mithras turned and frowned at the nose profile on the teen god, “Balder, you’re very quiet over there, which is slightly odd and unique and usual.”
Shango laughed. “Which isn’t often enough for me!”
“Shut up, Shango!” Thian frowned.
Shango smiled. “Balder is still perturbed and miffed out and mad at the arrogant and talented teen god Ares for making his big body of bones disappear, this morning, before the breakfast meal on our floor level.”
Pele frowned. “Balder, what's wrong? You appear like you've seen an ugly he-ghost.”
“Tell them, Archibald!” Balder nodded to Pele and flipped his hand in the air. Each face turned and started at Shango.
Pele frowned. “Tell us what, Shango!”
Shango placed both of his dirty utensils down on top of his half-eaten plate of food and nodded with a stern face to each teen, “My powders …”
“...worked perfectly." Mithras clapped and laughed out loud with a head nod. "Can you teach me to do that same god trick like Marcus did, the morning on Balder?”
Shango shook his bone skull. “That’s my point here! No one person or human or animal or insect or god or goddess, but a Thunder god or goddess can touch that delicate and charmed powder mixture. The fine powder should become a pile of white tinted cooking flour within another human or non-human pair of hands.”
Kuan Yi gasped in shock. “Whoa the horses! Replay that again, man!”
Shango nodded. “A Thunder god or goddess mixes the prime ingredients with their special abilities and supernatural spells. Marcus, a teen god from another pantheon, should not been able to execute my Thunder god slick, trick ever and never.”
“A special treat for you, Balder!” Dainichi laughed.
“Currently, right now, each teen don't really know which god or goddess pantheon they do belong too. So, Marcus is one of the Thunder gods. That makes perfect sense, Shango.”
Balder frowned. “No! Marcus ain’t!”
Lugh frowned. “What are you saying in here, Balder?”
“What are you not saying in here, Balder?” Pele frowned.
Balder nodded with a stern face, “Marcus could be the one.”
Isis frowned. “The one of what?”
He nodded. “The one teen god that Satan’s Grandmother is searching for in order to open the hidden cave within the secret location of Tartarus that will release the nasty race of Titans.”
“No way!” Shango laughed.
“Wrong-o!” Mithras laughed also.
Thian turned and nodded to his sister, “How close is Ares to the age of eighteen years old, Thianne?”
Thianne smiled. “Ares is three days, eleven hours, sixteen minutes, and four seconds and counting upward towards the age of eighteen years old in order to become a full-fledged god adult.”
Thian nodded with a smile, “There! That’s your explanation, gods and goddesses.”
Kuan Yi shook her curls and frowned at Thian, “Not before the age of eighteen years old, it doesn’t compute, Thian! Ares should not possess all of these talented god skull, only a full pledged god or goddess possesses them.”
Nikki smiled. “Do I really receive my full-fledged goddess powers on my eighteen birthday?”
Shango smiled. “Yes, it comes with a gigantic learning curve as we are taught by our parents…”
“ ... only the divine parent, of course.” Nikki smiled.
Pele slapped her chest and pointed at some of the teens, “Marcus is a very talented teen, so what? I possess the same god powers. You do too. He does too. She does too,” she stopped and pointed with a giggle at the nose profile on Lugh. “However, I do wonder about you, Lugh!”
"What!" Lugh mouth spat his chewed food particles over his plate and frowned at Pele.
“What did Pele mean by that funny statement, dude?” Shango winked at Lugh.
Isis and Is Chel walked one at a time through the entrance wall and held an armful of items, smiling at each teen.
Isis moved ahead towards an empty spot on the hard table and stopped, gently dropping down each item from her crooked arm. “Hey! We’re back!”
Is Chel stopped beside Isis with a smile and placed all of her items on top of the table too, picking up, wiggling a pair of dark sunglasses near her smile. "Look at all the items we found!" Each teen stood upright from their seat and scooted around the table, forming a semi-crooked line around Isis and Is Chel, staring down at the new items.
“Where did both of you go without permission?” Mithras frowned.
"We went back to the Smithsonian Museum to check out the art works on each god and goddess. Then the set of art work pieces led us down into the sub-basement, where we found all of these items, which was sorta like the way Ares had done." 
“Why did you and Is Chel go back into the Smithsonian Museum room, right after that flock attack, Isis?” Thian gasped in worry.
Isis continued to land down each item with a smile, “I’m not a scary cat. I’m a big girl with a set of big goddess girly powers, Thian.”
“Isis is an arrogant tiny fly and Is Chel is an arrogant bigger fly. You should have told us where ya'll had disappeared from the Windsor Farms with Satan's Grandmother running loose around the cosmic.” Balder frowned.
“Enough, teens!” Thian stood upright from the bench seat and tossed both of his palms near his frown.
Is Chel explained. “We continued to search without harm or guards and then find all of these things inside an old storage closet within an unoccupied department on the sub-basement floor.”
Kuan Yi frowned and stared down at each item on top of the surface, “How were you able to trace down the correct location with a locate pointer?”
“Is Chel had created Ares.” Isis smiled.
Chel held up a voodoo doll near her smile. The tiny doll appeared like a mini-Marcus format with a pair of big blue eyes, a head of black colored hair wearing a pale blue business suit over its body.
Shango laughed, “I’m impressed, Is Chel.”
“I’m scared. How did do you create this Voodoo thing, Is Chel?” Mithras frowned at the tiny doll that had been created with real Voodoo magic.
Is Chel lifted the tiny doll in the air and sneered at each teen. “Don’t touch! This is a real tiny male of real Ares.”
“... without the red tinted blood proteins and pink tissues, of course. But it is alive.”
“Does the Voodoo male doll breathe too?” Lugh frowned.
Balder extended his arm and wiggled his fingers with a sneer, “May I borrow the Marcus dolly for a few second, from you, Is Chel?”
“No, Balder, Shango, Thian, and Nikki!” Is Chel looked up and cuddled the doll, shaking her index finger at the set of revengeful teen gods and goddesses.
Isis pointed at the doll. “We used loose strands coming from his private lavatory flood and then built a head of black tinted hair creating the essence of Voodoo doll Ares. Then we placed his pair of sunglasses over the painted two blue tinted eyes. The eye wear acted like a lighted beacon. When we hit the lobby space inside the Smithsonian Museum, the sunglass lenses lit up with a single ray of white light that flowed through the air waves and then pinpointed the route towards the god and goddess toys.”
Lugh smiled. “Nifty!”
Shango laughed. “Crafty is a better term.”
“That, too!” Mithras nodded.
Pele nodded with a smile and pointed down at each item, “I do believe this is the confirmation needed that we’re meant to possess weapons.”
Thian cringed and shook his bone skull. “Do not repeat that statement in front of Granny! Okay, Pele?”
Shango frowned. “Bull frog crap! Each one of us is in deadly danger. Polly had warned each one of us. Now, one of us is dead.”
Dainichi frowned, “Granny Hanover is only acting overprotective. She possesses her full goddess powers which can save us. It was all of you teens that got Kruti …”
"We all know what has happened, Dainichi. You do not need to shout it out again." Is Chel turned and frowned at the teen.
“Shivaa was our comrade, too, Dainichi.” Pele glared at the young teen.
Dainichi nodded with laughter. “Shivaa is a dead comrade now. Granny Hanover told us before that she is stronger and smarter and something greater than all of us, weakly teens. Each one of use should trust her reasons and her judgment.”
Balder sneered. “I don’t trust anyone, anymore, especially Ares.”
“Stow it, Hansel!” Thian sneered.
Mithras slapped his chest with a stern face. “Look! I'm not sitting like a decoy duck while waiting on Satan’s Grandmother to show here and kill me. I wanna be ready and prepared to fight.”
Kuan Yi nodded. “I agree.”
“I concur.” Shango nodded.
“Ditto for me!” Lugh nodded.
“I’m here, not there, too.” Pele nodded.
Thian exhaled with worry and nodded with a stern face. “All right! Every teen, go and get a item and see if this theory works on each like it did on Ares.” Some of the teens reached out and grabbed the closest item and pressed the buttons on the object.
Pele turned and pointed an index finger at each teen, counting out loud. “One, two, three, four...”
Lugh reached for a pair of dark sunglasses. "They are fourteen teen gods and goddess, Pele. I counted."
Kuan Yi reached out and grabbed a silver tinted mobile telephone, pressing the buttons, "Now, there are only thirteen teen gods and goddess.”
Shango reached out and grabbed a golden tinted wrist watch, “Is the number thirteen a bad sign now?”
Kuan Yi sneered down at the phone that did not activate with her goddess powers, “No! It’s only a math number, ya un-smart god!”
Thian did not reach out for a new item but studied the new objects. “There are two mobile telephones, one wrist watch, and a single pair of sunglasses for one or two or four different gods or goddesses. Where would the rest of the god or goddess weapons for the rest of us be located within the world atlas?”
Dainichi laughed. “I don't know! But good luck, suckers!”
Lugh frowned. “Who gets to become the lucky four gods or goddesses within this round?”
Pele wiggled the silver tinted mobile telephone in the air with her goddess powers and then dropped the item back down on top of the surface, shaking her curls. “Nothing happened for me! I didn't see or hear any bright lights or internal fireworks.”
Isis reached down and picked up the silver tinted mobile telephone, pressing the button, “What is the mobile telephone supposed to do, when touched or pressed?”
Thianne reached out and picked up one of the mobile telephones. “Well, for Ares, the mobile telephone slowly transformed into a long silver tinted god sword. The color is right. The mobile telephone is silver tinted,” she shook the item up and down and hit the buttons with a stern face. “Well, my goddess powers are dead on this phone,” she gently placed the item on top of the table.
Nikki reached out and touched the pair of sunglasses while activating her goddess powers, shaking her curls at the cold object, “This is another dead item that has not been activated by my goddess powers either,” she replaced the item back down on top of the table surface.
“Gimme!” Shango reached over and grabbed the mobile telephone. Like magic, the silver mobile phone shook, shifted, and shimmied into a long silver tinted god sword inside the same cupped hand. He gasped in shock. "Whoa the horses! Look at me! I am a god warrior!" He back stepped and swished the sword in the air with laughter.
Mithras spun around and smiled at Shango. “Incredible! Each new god or goddess weapon must represent and use magical juice from our god or goddess parent.”
Nikki spun around and smiled at Shango. “That weapon was crafted only for that particular god or goddess child, so not another god or diva cold touch it.”
Kuan Yi spun around and smiled at Shango, “Right! Only the real owner can morph the piece of cold equipment into a god or goddess weapon.”
Thian spun around and smiled at Shango, “Correct analogy! All right! Spread each item around the table. Then each teen goes around the surface and touches each item, so we can see which object belongs to the correct god or goddess.
Isis placed the other items in a semi-crooked line around the edge on top of the dining room table, back stepping from the wooden table. She and Is Chel had collected each item from sub-basement room, where their individual goddess power did not morph any of the items. So, the set of items did not come from their divine parent.
Thian spun around from Shango and formed the line first, reaching out, touching each item. On the third object, a wrist watch in gold hue produced heat on his cupped hand and became glued to his flesh He back stepped with shock and watched the item shook side to side. "This wrist watch contains some awesome god power here like one million volts of electricity are surging into my hand.”
Shango back stepped from Thian and the dining room table, standing on the side wall, lowering his sword near his leg and laughed. “You’re glowing Thian!”
He sneered. “Shut up, Shango!” The wrist watch quickly stretched with metal groans quickly shaping into an upper torso golden tinted body shield covering his neck down to his two knees. He gently lifted the object up and down with a smile. “Pfft! My new golden body shield is heavy, too.”
“Wimp!” Mithras laughed.
Balder laughed. “Wuss!”
Shango laughed. “Time to hit the arm weights, Thian!”
“Two out of four completed items, Captain Thian.” Pele spun around and saluted Thian, who was the leader of the teens.
Thianne followed behind her brother with a smile and reached out, touching each item. “We’re twins. So, our mom or our dad had left a goddess and god weapon for each child.”
Thian back stepped from the table and stood beside Shango, watching his sister, “Well, that would make god sense,” he laughed with the others.
Thianne lifted up and placed the pair of sunglasses over her two eyeballs. The object generated heat over her face and then immediately twirled, danced, and whirled into a complete black tinted face helmet with a clear face plate. “Neat-o!” She removed the helmet from her sweaty face and her wet curls. Then helmet morphed back into a pair of sunglasses within her open palms.
Each teen stared down at the last object, a silver tinted mobile telephone. Kuan Yi smiled. “So, who is god or goddess contestant number four?”
Is Chel stared down at the item and shook her curls, “I did not see a single sign either.”
“What single sign? What are you talking about, Is Chel?” Balder stared down at the mobile telephone and touched the item with his teen god powers without morphing the item into his personal god sword.
Isis reached down with a smile and touched the phone. “Whose god property is this?” Nothing happened. She moved ahead and left the table, standing beside Isis and Is Chel.
Balder touched the phone next, “Where’s the god manual?” Nothing happened.
“We don’t need a set of manual instructions for each toy. You slice it up, down, and around and then turn it around and dice up and down on Satan’s Grandmother's head.” Balder laughed and waved both of his arms in the air like he was holding a sword, displaying a beheading.
Nikki frowned. “Is Chel means that she did not see a tag or a sign on each object.”
Lugh gasped in shock and stood in front of the table, reaching out, touching the mobile telephone, “So, arrogant teen god Marcus is the real son of Ares from the name tag.”
Pele frowned and shook her curls. “No! Not right! We don’t know that Marcus is the true god son of Ares. Some human clerk could have placed the sign tag there for his nasty fun and games.”
Dainichi smiled. “So true!”
Thian smiled. “Finish up here. Everyone, go and touch the phone. The electrical shock should be shorter than the body shield. Do it, too it, Dainichi!” She touched the phone and then nothing happened, moving ahead with a sour frown to the front wall, spinning around, watching in silence the rest of the teens.
“Loser!” Balder laughed and stood beside Isis and Mithras on the front wall.
“Stow it, Balder!” Thian frowned.
Lugh reached up and patted the surface, searching for the phone, slapping his fingers into the cold metal. He felt the heat and slipped the object off the table. The phone activated with his god touch into a heavy sword that dropped down on top of the mud floor with a loud thud, tearing through the clay dirt.
“Lugh, the god winner and reigning champ of the world!” Shango stood on the side wall and laughed with the others.
Lugh continued to hold the halt with the heavy sharp tip on top of the mud floor, exhaling with frustration, “I don’t feel like a winner.”
Pele winked at Shango. “He’s joking.”
Nikki clapped with a nod. “We used all the current inventory for each talented teen. Where is the location of the next art gallery or ancient museum, Pele?”
Pele lifted both of her hands near her stern face, “Before we all venture out for the dancing ball, we are going to hold a memorial service for our goddess friend Kruti?”
Thianne nodded with a stern face. “Ares would want to attend also. When Ares returns back from his lessons, we can …”
Isis frowned. “I don’t understand here. Why doesn’t Granny Hanover remember our goddess friend Kruti?”
“I can explain.” Thian shouted out loud and continued to stand beside Shango on the side wall. Each teen spun around and stared at Thian.
Lugh dropped the heavy sword that immediately morphed back into the mobile telephone landing down on the floor with a tiny ting. He looked down at the phone with a sour frown. “Well, this cannot good, if there is an exact scientific explanation behind this stuff.”
Thian nodded with a stern face to each teen. “Transcendence! Transcendence is the ability to be go beyond space, time, matter, anti-matter.”
Is Chel frowned. “Wait! Who taught you this stuff, Thian?”
On the side wall, Thian wiggles his index finger that activated his god powers and produced the computer laptop, pointing at the metal lid, nodding with a stern face. “This computer laptop from Kruti also contains god and goddess data, rules and regulations about everything. I read about transcendence last night, since I couldn’t sleep.”
Nikki frowned. “So, has goddess Kruti gone into heaven then?”
Thian shook his bone skull. “Kruti is just gone.”
“Where did Kruti go, Thian?”
He exhaled with sadness. “Her body and her living soul had died into nothingness.”
“No!” Isis sobbed with tears and hugged the rib cage on tall Balder.
He nodded. “Her healthy body had been attacked and then her living soul had ended.”
Kuan Yi frowned. “No! Each one of us owns our living soul.”
He shook his bone skull and slapped his chest. “No! Not really! Each one of us is a creature of the universe. There is a balance of good and bad here. If the good thing wins, then that's great. If the bad thing wins, then it is not so great.”
Pele nodded. “Thian is correct. There is a balance that exists for both good and bad. If bad thing wins, then the bad things gets to keep the prize.”
Mithras frowned. “But the living soul on Kruti was not a prize for a bad thing.”
“Polly had warned us that Satan’s Grandmother is after three of us, because our god and goddess teen blood can open the hidden gates of Tartarus and then release out the nasty race of Titans to create chaos and cause death and destruction.”
“Okay! I buy that! The goddess blood on goddess Kruti wasn’t the proper type for Satan's Grandmother. But the gang of FREDS had touched and then killed her body and took her living soul.”
“No! Not really! We have a default clause.” Thian shook his baseball cap.
Lugh frowned, “What is a default clause?”
“When evil wins, we lose. Big time!” He nodded. “Then we do not exist and become nothingness.”
Is Chel frowned. “So, a killed god become a dead teen.”
“Far more than dead, we are non-existent.” Thian nodded.
Shango gasped in shock, “So, we become nothing!”
“Nothingness! This is the correct buzz word.” He nodded.
Lugh shook his bone skull at Thian, “No! I would die and then go and see my god and goddess parents.”
“Nothingness!” Balder exhaled with worry.
Isis sobbed with tears of sadness “Stop using that word, Balder!”
“Kruti is nothingness.” Thian nodded.
Mithras lifted his arm and smashed the air waves with his fury, “I want all the FREDS and all the GREGS and Satan's Grandmother all dead and burned into nothingness too!”
“I want my mommy and daddy.” Lugh frowned.
Thianne gasped in shock, “Does anyone know where our parents live on Earth?”
“Polly does.” Thian pointed with a stern face at the red tinted mud dried ceiling that led into the heavens and outer space stars. Each teen looked up with a gasp and then smiled at the ceiling while pondering their parents.
CHAPTER THREE





Infinite space and time

Planet of Jupiter within the Milky Way Galaxy
Mount Olympus location

"I vote that we go down to Planet Earth and assist our children, Zeus.” The real goddess Is Chel turned and frowned at the leader of the gods and goddesses.
The real leader of the gods and goddesses Zeus continued to eat the grape and lounged on top of the chaise. “You mean that you wanna go down and help your sire, Is Chel.”
Is Chel slapped her chest with a nod. “Josefina named herself after me. She knows that I am her diva mother even from afar. I am the goddess of medicine and caring. I care very greatly for my sire and the other sires, Zeus.”
Cupid slammed each one of the six hands and shouted out loud in frustration, sitting in the wall corner. “Keep all your multi-hands to yourself and off of my body, Aizen!” Aizen was the goddess of love from the Japanese pantheon tradition and could transform into her natural state into an array of six hands and six arms while poking each one of his sharp arrows back at short and sissy Cupid for her fun.
Zeus nodded. “You have been peeking down on the Earth, again, Epona. You know my rule.”
The Celtic goddess of horses Epona mouth spat out her chewed grapes into the air and over the hair roots on Poseidon. “Your rule is a fresh pile of green tinted cow patties which are only obeyed only by gang of large black tinted horseflies.”
Zeus, king of the gods stared at Epona in silence.
An array of loud laughter echoed from the other gods and goddesses. The lounge room was filled with the gathered attendees consisting of Poseidon, the Greek god of the water; Apollo, the Greek god of the sun; Athena, the Greek god of wisdom; Danu, the Celtic goddess of Mother Earth; Goibhniu, the Celtic god of the smith; Cliodna, the Celtic goddess of beauty; Luctha, the Celtic god of wrights; Epona, the Celtic goddess of horses; Tsui, the African god of rain; Tore, the African god of wood; Shankpana, the African god of angry; Gbadu, the African goddess of fate; Yemaja, the African goddess of fertility; Mugasa, the African god of sky; I-Ti, the Chinese god of wine, Pa, the Chinese goddess of droughts; Fu-Hsi, the Chinese god of love; Lu-Pan, the Chinese god of masons; Lo-Shen, the goddess of rivers; Quetzalcoatl, the Mexican god of wisdom; Tezcatlipoca, the Mexican god of war; Tlaloc, the Mexican god of rain; Xolotl, the Mexican god of death; Patecatl, the Mexican god of medicine; Tlazolteotl, the Mexican earth goddess; Chalchihuitlicue, the Mexican goddess of water; Xilonen, the Mexican goddess of corn; Kune, the Hawaiian god of trees; Lake, the Hawaiian goddess of the song, and Lono, Hawaiian god of storms.
Zeus sneered. “Do not make me start another civil war, Epona!”
“The war has already started down there on our home world of Terra, boss-man.” Tezcatlipoca, the Mexican god of war nodded and worried about the fate of the teen gods and goddesses.
He ate the grape and then pointed down at Tezcatlipoca, “Do not whine about the kids to me, Tez!”
Lono, the Hawaiian god of storms sneered. “And if one of the teens were your sire …”
Zeus growled. “Do not rain down on my parade, Lono!”
Mugasa frowned. “You should go and do it, Lono. I can produce a pale blue skyline right here and right now,” he laughed with the other gods and goddesses.
Zeus sneered. “We cannot and will not interfere.”
Luctha, the Celtic god of wrights nodded with a worried face for her son. “The teens need our god and goddess help down there on Planet Earth. The teens are only a tub of babies, when compared to our strength, wisdom, and fight.”
Zeus exhaled with annoyance. “If I find out someone has beamed a single message down to one or more of the teens …”
“...then you will do nothing as usual, my husband Zeus,” Hera laughed.
“The human couple who is named Windsor has all of the teens under control and on a long doggie lease. They human couple will not allow anything to happen with the kids.”
“The elderly Windsor couple there in Alabama, how in the universe did they get that job of protecting our god and goddess children?” Pele frowned with puzzlement.
Tlazolteotl, the Mexican earth goddess laughed and flipped her hand in the air, “I would be happy to turn the two elderly human into a litter of pink tinted piglets. Would that appease you, Pele?”
True Pele laughed. “Only if, I can roast the two live piglets in boiling peanut oil. I am the goddess of fire.”
A female voice shouted out loud within the enclosed room, “Only if, I give that command ”
Each face turned and stared at the upper wall corner of outer space stars and dark matter, viewing Apollyon.
Zeus looked up and winked at Polly, “Apollyon, it is so nice and kind of you to visit with us, if only for a short while.”
Polly gently floated down the side wall and stopped on top of the fake floor. “Yeah, I am nice and kind. I was just checking in.”
Epona mouth spat at Polly but missed. “She is checking on us.”
Polly nodded. “You had been placed here for your god and goddess protection regarding Satan’s demise.”
“Where is that old goat really located at the moment, Polly?” Zeus laughed. Polly did not flinch a facial muscle. He winked at the angel. “We do understand basic physics, Apollyon. Matter is not destroyed; it only changes form.” Each deity laughed.
She nodded. “Very well! Satan is maybe living within a new galaxy, which is beyond the Milky Way at the moment.”
“Hmm! So, the Prime Creator had given Satan a new home, at the moment.” Zeus frowned.
“It is more like an experimental home for a gang of experimental beings, a working proto-type from the Prime Creator.”
Tsui, the African god of rain smiled. “That should be an interesting outcome for all of us.”
Polly nodded. Her time was valuable and her tasks many. “The current matter of the day, the teens!”
Lake, the Hawaiian goddess of the song nodded, “Are the teens alright? I can’t believe that we had to leave them out within a rough and tough world all alone.”
Cliodna, the Celtic goddess of beauty nodded, “We had no choice. What about the teens, Polly?”
Polly nodded with a smile. “The teen gods and goddesses are doing well while learning and growing into adults. How is Ganesh doing?”
Fu-Hsi, the Chinese god of love nodded. “Ganesh is holding his own. Durga and Vishua and Indra are with him at the moment.”
Xolotl, the Mexican god of death nodded. “Was teen goddess Kruti cut ...”
“By the…” Polly nodded with a stern face.
Athena, the Greek god of wisdom sneered at the angel, “Don’t say it, Polly!”
Polly stated. “I would never tell anyone or anything how to kill a god or a goddess.”
“Her goddess body had been attacked by a pack of morphed werewolves during the daylight hours. Don’t you find that an odd incident here, Polly?”
“Yes, I find it an odd incident during the daylight hours, as well as, an of odd behavior coming from the litter of FREDS. We suspect that Satan’s Grandmother is involved and she is in the process of influencing all of the FREDS, GREGS and JANES.”
Gbadu, the African goddess of fate gasped in shock, “How is that even possible, Polly?”
Polly looked up and stared into the outer space stars, “Now, anything is possible down there on Planet Earth,” she returned back and nodded to some of the gods and goddesses. “Now, this has become a very serious business for all of us. But I will leave you to attend to your hobbies.”
Chalchihuitlicue, the Mexican goddess of water smiled. “Polly, some of us our eager to help the teens down on Terra.”
Polly shook her curls with a sour frown. “You understand all the rules of the new game. The first rule is called Free Will.”
Zeus nodded with a stern face for her dismissal from Planet Jupiter. “Thanks for the update, Apollyon! We hope to see you soon.”
“Yes, I will return back here for anymore updates. Good day, deities!” Apollyon vanishes off the polished marble floor without a fanfare of music or words or grunts.
Shankpana, the African god of angry sneered at the empty spot on the wall corner, where Apollyon had disappeared, “Polly could help us, if she wanted too.”
“She cannot.” Zeus looked down and grabbed another grape, exhaling with worry also.
Pele looked over and studied the blue and green planet, shaking her curls. “Free Will, that is our own choosing, choice, and chance too.”
CHAPTER FOUR



Saturday June 8th


07:38:46 am

Sand Mountain location
667 feet summit with Windsor Farms setting
Rain and thunderstorms at warm temperatures


On the second floor inside the main house that belonged only to the teen gods, goddess girl Thianne dashed down the connecting staircase and purposefully slammed into her brother, reaching out, grabbing his arm. She spun him around with worry and dragged Thian back to the third floor, leaning over, whispering into his face. “Come here quickly! Follow me right now!”
She pulled away from him and dashed ahead down the empty hallway, and then stopped, posing inside an open archway, pointing into the room in silence.
He moseyed down the hallway with a smile and then stopped, standing in front of the open door, staring into the room with a sour frown. “Thianne, you shouldn’t be near this room or in this room.” He turned and glanced down an empty hallway while searching for Mr. and Mrs. Windsor, in case, they had noticed the snooping.
She waved both of her hands in the air with a sour frown and spun around, entering into the bedroom that had been belonged to dead goddess Kruti. She wiggled her index finger on her right hand and activated her goddess powers. The side wall of dark bedroom drapes magically opened and allowed the rays of bright sunlight into the dark space. She stopped and pointed at the headboard on a four-poster bedroom suit,  “Look at this!”
He surveyed the empty hallway one more time and returned back staring at his sister, exhaling with sadness too for the death of his friend, entering the room. He stopped and stared at the headboard nodding with a stern face. “O! That's some type of Indian goddess pantheon thing on her headboard.”
She shook her curls and pointed at the other furniture pieces inside the room, “No! Kruti didn’t abuse the furniture. That’s a juvenile act. I’m been in her bedroom thousands of time while visiting her for fun. That thing had never been there on her bedroom furniture headboard before.”
“So, Kruti had gotten some new bedroom furniture pieces, before you had visited her again.”
“No! You are more familiar with that transcenden-thiny than I. Nothing in here has moved or changed, since Kruti …”
Thianne held back the sad tears with a loud sob wanting to learn more about the death of her goddess friend and how to prevent the same death with the two males within her life, her brother Thian and her boyfriend Marcus. She turned and stared at Thian.
He turned and exhaled with a nod to Thianne. “Right! Okay, Sis!” He returned back and studied each bedroom furniture piece. Her private bedroom was furnished like the other bed chambers consisting of a four-poster bed frame, a matching six layered chest of drawers below a half-length reflection mirror, a walk-in wardrobe closet, a separate lavatory, a private concrete balcony with a pair of glass doors. He looked back and stared at the unique craved drawing that was hand-etched on the wooden headboard.
She continued to sob and pointed at the unique art work on the headboard, “Thian, I have never seen this drawing or art work or whatever thing on another bed frame headboard either. This thing is new and it is different somehow. I am nervous about this new thing.”
“Chill, doggie!” He chuckled. “Okay! The etched art work is different. I’ll snap a picture on the mobile telephone. Then we need to leave. I don’t want Mrs. Windsor asking questions about me on the girly floor and our tour of the dead room,” he whipped out his personal mobile telephone like every single teenager carried around and snapped a quick digital picture.
She frowned. “It’s scary.”
“Creepy is the term I would choose.” He dropped the phone from his face and pointed at the headboard. “Did you touch it?”
“Definitely not!”
“I don’t think it bites.” He chuckled.
She reached out and shoved Thian away from the bed frame. “Don’t touch it, Thian!”
“I wanna see if the art work is etched into the wood or it is something magical.”
“I rather you not touch it, Thian.”
He exhaled with a smile. “Okay, Sis! Then you go and do it, too it!”
“No!”
“So I’m selected.” He moved ahead and extended his arm, pointing with his index finger at the art work design. He could tell the difference between burned wood or something magical. Immediately, he jumped backwards with a smile and gasped at the headboard. Thianne gasped in shock. He exhaled with a set of sharp breathes.
She reached out and grabbed his arm, slowly back stepping from the headboard, “What! What did you feel when you touched the art work?”
“Nothing! I’m sorry. I’m a little nervous too.” He laughed out loud.
She reached over and punched his bicep with a sour frown. “Scary cat, I’ll go and do it, too it.”
He moved ahead with a smile. “I’m ready. Are you ready?”
“Just skim it!”
“Here goes!” He stopped and extended his index finger slowly moving in the direction of the art work, brushing his flesh on the wood. “I touched it. Do you see me and it? Nothing happened. I’m alive and …” Then the unique art work disappeared off the headboard returned back into solid wood. He gasped in alarm and jerked back his hand, wiggling the fingers, feeling no pain. “Whoa the stage coach! Did you see that move? The art work is gone from the headboard.”
“What does it all mean, Thian?”
He shook his bone head and stared at the solid wooden headboard with the vanished image burned into his active god mind. “I don’t know. Let’s go and tell the other gods and goddesses what happened in here!” He reached down and grabbed her forearm, snapping his fingers. They both popped out from the room and disappeared off the floor, without a fanfare of music or words or grunts.

At the current time of 08:02:56 am, inside the school house building structure within the classroom setting with bright sunlight and parted cloud of hot temperatures, Thian and Thianne appeared in front of the school house building, walking through the wall one at a time, entering the school house room. The four walls were still red tinted dried mud today as not one teen was interested in creating a fun, new learning environment.
In the middle of the room, a wooden square shaped dining room table stood and contained individual dirty plates of eaten food. Each teen sat down and communicated while finishing the breakfast meal.
Pele sat the king's end on the table and stirred her food with a smile. “Thian, please explain that transcendental process, to me, again. I’m still confused. And I can’t figure out the technique. It’s very weird.”
“Where is Ares?” Thianne stopped and stood a few feet from the dining room stand while scanning the enclosed room for her boyfriend.
Shango sat on the opposite side of the female goddesses and continued to consume a third breakfast plate, “Weird! What’s been normal within the last twenty-four hours, Pele?” He ate the food.
“Is Ares at the breakfast meal inside the Windsor Farms?” Thianne frowned.
Thian moved ahead towards the side wall and prepared a plate of food. “In simple terms, within a transcendental death, the mantra or the spirit subtlety drifts out of existence and into nothingness which goes nowhere and into no place.”
Isis continued to sit and ate the food, “I thought a mantra were uttered soft sounds coming from the human body.”
“Shango, did you make Ares disappear, again? Ares is going to become very mad at you.” Thianne frowned.
“Hold your ponytail, girl!” Shango winked. “Granny had a special session for him.”
“Granny had a special session for Ares, this morning. Why would Granny have a special session for Ares, this morning? What did you do to get Ares into trouble?” She sneered and pointed at Shango, since he was smiled.
Shango nodded. “O! I might remember now. It might have or might not have been related to something to do with a nasty food fight here inside school house classroom, this morning,” he laughed with the other teens. Thianne sneered and wiggled her index finger near her distorted face.
“Calm down, Thianne!” Kuan Yi pointed at the side wall. “Get something to eat! Ares is coming right back, after his morning workout. We have other major problems here at the moment.”
Thian filled his plate with food and then spun around with a smile, moving ahead towards an empty spot at the table, “A mantra is the sound of your life while leaving your body, when a god or a goddesses dies,” He sat down and ate the food scanning each face on his friend.
Thianne dropped her hand and wiggled her index finger that activated her goddess powers and slapped her dress while shaking her curls, slowly moving ahead towards the food table. “We found something. Look at what we found! A piece of strange artwork …”
“...by way of Thianne and her talented snooping inside the bedroom that belonged to our friend Kruti.”
Nikki gasped in shock and sat beside Balder, working on her food plate, “Was she there?”
Thianne reached the food table and grabbed an empty plate, slowly filling it with food, “Nothing of Kruti! And her room contained none of her personal possessions either. So strange!”
Pele frowned. “Did Mrs. Windsor catch you, Thianne? Did Mrs. Windsor see you and then ask about our friend Kruti?”
She spun around with a plate of food and spun around, moving ahead, sitting beside her brother. She stared at each teen. “No! I had inquired with Mrs. Windsor. Mrs. Windsor told me that bedroom was empty and had been for years. And no one is expected here to occupy that bedroom for the rest of the year.”
Isis sobbed with sadness. “So, Kruti is really gone away from us.”
Thian wiped his dirty mouth with the back of his hand. “Back to business!”
"Berrington!" Pele laughed.
Balder smiled. "Mangrove!"
"Gage!" Shango laughed.
Thianne nodded. “Her bedroom is clean, shined, and polished from ceiling to floor. Kruti did not leave one piece of goddess DNA coming from her hair strands her manicured fingernails, or her clipped toenails. It was like she had never existed there at the Windsor Farms.”
Thian wiggled his index finger and activated his god powers, materializing a computer laptop, loading the digital picture from his mobile telephone into the screen. He touched the keyboard on the computer laptop making the rear wall into a screen displaying the unique piece of art work. "The pic is up on the wall screen, Thianne.” Each face turned and gasped at the new image on the wall screen in silence. Thian pointed the fork at the wall screen and shouted out loud, "Someone guess here!" He returned back and ate the food.
Nikki smiled at the new image on the wall screen.“That looks like a piece of art, to me.”
Lugh smiled. “That looks like a piece of burnt wood, to me,” he continued to eat.
“Well, that looks like a piece of woodcraft, to me,” Kuan Yi nodded at the new image.
“Witchcraft tool is more like it.” Isis nodded with a stern face.
“Hey! I met a cute female witch the other day. We could call and consult her knowledge on this piece of burned woodcraft.” Shango stared at the image and continued to eat.
“Shut up, Shango!” Thianne sneered with fury and stared at the image on the wall screen.
“That is a piece of an ancient Indian thing!” Balder stared at the image on the wall screen and continued to eat.
Thian reached over and slapped the bicep on Balder nodding with a smile. “Great minds think alike! I had volunteered the same deduction.”
Thianne yelled out loud in worry and fury waving both of her arms in the air. “No! No! No! This is some type of bad magic, not a voodoo doll or a witch spell or an angel incantation or a powder of potions or tonics.”
Is Chel nodded with a smile, “That is a picture of a mosaic.”
Mithras nodded. “That's a baby mosaic.”
Isis nodded. “Go and look up that digital image inside electronic database that Kruti had stored on her computer.”
Thianne frowned. “Her computer laptop was gone too!”
“Looking!” Pele wiggled her two digits on her left hand and produced her computer laptop, typing on the keyboard with a smile.
She frowned at Pele. “All of her personal possessions had disappeared. Why do you still have that laptop computer, Pele?”
Pele continued to type on the keyboard. "Well, I’m guessing here. Kruti had provided each one of us with a new computer laptop from her magic and then send each one of us a copy of her electronic database with all the numerous art pieces. So, each god and goddesses smothered our supernatural DNA all over each one of the metal laptops which is still inside our rooms.”
Mithras nodded with a stern face, “So, Satan’s Grandmother has some goddess limits like a learning teen.”
Kuan Yi smiled with a nod at the teen god. “Do tell us, Mithras!”
He nodded with a smile. “Okay! Here goes my working theory. Satan's Grandmother cannot zap out one of her nasty goddess powers that touches all of us, at the same time, only one of us one-at-a-time.”
Shango stood upright from his chair and extended both of his arms even with the floor, nodding with a smile. “Everyone, come and touch me!”
Pele frowned. “Shut up, Shango! Before I come over and slap your face into tomorrow.”
Balder reached over and punched his fist into the exposed stomach on Shango while catching Shango off guard. Instead of defending the play hit, Shango absorbed the strike with a good amount of pain and then folded down at his fit waistline, grunting in pain. Balder laughed and pointed at Shango. “He say, punch him.”
Thian frowned at Balder. “He say, touch him, your moron!”
“I am so sorry, Shango. I missed it.” Balder laughed.
Dainichi laughed. “It looks like you didn’t miss, Balder.”
Lugh nodded with a smile. “That's a clever theory, Balder. Satan's Grandmother cannot hurt, if we go around and touch each other’s personal possessions.”
Thian shook his bone skull and continued to eat. “This thing isn’t Satan’s Grandmother doings. Something else is connected to the transcendental property rule, I would bet.”
Pele nodded and pointed down at the screen. “Thian is correct. I have been researching the electronic database with all the numerous pieces of art work. This is a Pompeian mosaic.”
Nikki gasped in shock, “Do you mean a copy of this mosaic art work inside Kruti's bedroom had came from the town of Pompeii?”
She nodded and pointed at the wall screen. “Yeah, that thing had been buried along with all the fossilized folks during the eruption of Vesuvius, a long, long time ago.”
“Not good!” Mithras frowned.
“Not great.” Shango frowned.
Pele pointed at the wall screen. “The skull, in the middle of the mosaic, is comprised of two fluttering butterflies. Each fluttering butterfly is a symbol representing a fleeing spirit of life or a fleeing spirit of death.”
Is Chel nodded. “Kruti, her fleeing spirit of life is gone too.”
She nodded. “At the top of the mosaic art work, the inverted letter T represents a stage which means death takes the measure of all things.”
Isis nodded. “Kruti had not died by a natural cause of old age or aliment like a human.”
Mithras nodded with a stern face. “So, the sudden appearance of a Pompeian mosaic is a warning for each one of us about death or dying by a set of unnatural causes coming from Satan's Grandmother or a FRED or a GREG.”
Pele nodded. “The other symbols down below the two fleeing butterflies represent air and water which means we can die on land or by sea or by sky.”
“Do we really die here?” Lugh frowned with worry at the wall screen with the digital picture.
“That is just a digital picture on the wall screen, Lugh!” Shango laughed. Then the row of artificial overhead lights inside the classroom flickered off and then powered back on within a millisecond.
Isis pointed at the wall screen with the mosaic, “This is an important piece of art work, ya'll.”
“This is really creepy, ya'll.” Shango frowned.
“This is really scary, ya'll.” Nikki frowned.
“I want my mommy and daddy.” Lugh frowned.
Balder nodded with a stern face. “This is a real warning, ya'll.”
“We heard your set of words, the first time, Balder.” Kuan Yi frowned.
Pele pointed down at the screen and read the information out loud for each teen, “This mosaic had encouraged each Pompeian to make the most of life, before the volcano erupted. The proverbial injunction is called Carpe diem which means, enjoy today.”
Nikki gasped. “O dear!”
“Dang it!” Balder nodded with a smile.
“Hold my spit!” Archibald gasped in shock.
Lugh frowned. “Holy snot!”
Pele continued. “The earthquake had occurred in the year 9000 B.C. Why is this symbol important today? Why was this symbol left on the bedroom headboard inside her room? Why is the symbol important for us, today?”
Balder shouted out loud. “Enjoy today, ya'll, because tomorrow ain’t going to be here for any one of you!”
Nikki reached over and punched his bicep, “Shut up, Balder!”
Pele sneered at Balder. “Punch him really hard, Shango!” Balder snapped his fingers and then his body popped off the seat and landed in front of the entrance door while laughing with amusement.
Thianne nodded. “Then the mosaic Pompeii symbol disappeared from the headboard on Kruti’s bed frame, after Thian had tapped the image.”
Thian swallowed the food and then nodded with a stern face to each teen, “The mosaic Pompeii symbol had dissolved, without any trace. The etched or scratched or sketched headboard had returned back into solid wood again.” 
Balder nodded with a stern face. “This is a real warning, ya'll.”
Isis frowned. “Stop repeating that statement, Balder!”
He smiled with a nod. “Talking makes me feel better!”
“Shut up, Balder!” Kuan Yi frowned at Balder.
Lugh frowned. “Who sent or placed the Pompeii mosaic symbol on her headboard?”
Mithras nodded. “Satan’s Grandmother did as a warning to us, before she had murdered our goddess friend Kruti.”
Nikki nodded. “Satan's Grandmother continues to look and seek out the trio of marked goddess and god blood proteins that will open up the hidden gates of Tartarus.”



┬┴┬ 
_____
( O O )
  (---)
-----------
));(( …)):((
^^^^  …~~~~~
♥…♣



Thian frowned at his friend. “What’s wrong, Pele?”
Pele shook her curls and pointed down at the picture on the computer screen. “This picture here inside her electronic database on my new laptop computer is not a museum photograph.”
Is Chel smiled. “Kruti had popped …”
“No!" Pele frowned. "Kruti did not pop into every ancient smelly museum within the world for a photo shoot. Her parents forbade it, so did Mr. and Mrs. Windsor and Granny.”
Kuan Yi nodded. “Good point, Pele! So, Kruti had created her electronic database from numerous physical sources, such like, magazines, historical articles, internet pictures and a real camera.”
Pele frowned. “The picture is a digital copy of the Pompeii mosaic that Thian has.”
Balder nodded. "So, Kruti had used her digital camera.”
She said. “The digital picture looks funny.”
Isis smiled. “A digital pic is kinda strange looking when it is compared to real photography.”
Pele shook her curls. “No! You are missing my point. This picture is digital also coming from a digital camera.”
Kuan Yi shouted out loud. “You gods, the Pompeii mosaic had been taken by a digital device coming from her mobile phone.” Every face turned and stared at Kuan Yi. She nodded with a stern face. “I had replicated my own mosaic on my bed frame headboard and snapped the picture with my mobile telephone. I see the fuzzy similarity. The pixels aren’t programmed for great depth. This is the source of the electronic picture inside her computer laptop.”
Thianne gasped in shock. “That means Kruti had snapped a digital picture inside her bedroom on her bed frame headboard by herself. She knew the mosaic was there and she didn't bother to tell me either.”
Nikki nodded. “Kruti must have been trying to figure out the riddle of the mosaic.”
“What is the date on the Pompeii mosaic digital picture on her headboard?”
Pele wiggled her two digits and then enlarged the digital picture, gasping in shock. “The time on the Pompeii mosaic show three seconds, after midnight at 12:00:03 a.m.”
Isis started crying with sadness and sat beside Thian. He reached over and hugged her body, whispering some encouraging words. “It will be okay.”
Lugh frowned. “Holy snot! No! It is not okay, for me and for us. Goddess Kruti had been marked by Satan’s Grandmother, before her cold-blooded murder.”
“No! All of this doesn’t make any sense, to me!” Nikki frowned.
Is Chel frowned. “Satan’s Grandmother does not know each one of the marked god or goddesses.”
Mithras nodded. “We know that.”
Thianne frowned. “Why didn’t Kruti tell me about the mosaic?”
Shango nodded. “She was, like me, busy with the fun artifact hunt. I guess.”
Kuan Yi smiled. “Somebody go and text Polly! Let's see if we can get any more data about the Carpe diem and all the other stuff.”
Thian whipped out his personal mobile telephone and started to type out a text to Polly with a stern face. “I am doing it.”
Dainichi smiled. “Why bother, Thian! Polly is going to tell us the same thing. The Pompeii mosaic is a symbol of our morality or our death, whichever comes first,” she laughed without the other teens.

At the current time of 09:33 am, in the bright sunny with parted clouds of heated temperatures, inside a flat field pasture of short grass without the horses, the farm crops and the farmers that was surrounded by forestlands, inside the stationary wagon, seventeen years old Marcus leaned down on the edge of the rotten wood without falling off and wiped off the sweat balls and dead bugs from his face.
Before, a barge of SUV-sized boulders, basketball-sized rocks, and motorcycle-sized tree trunks along with several baby strolls that held plucked fruit berries, flower petals and all types of accompanying dead fowl and live insects. He had chunked each item away from his body and down into the nearest unplowed field during his morning exercise.
Granny Hanover marched over the flat soft grass and stared at Marcus, shouting out loud their fun play of words, "Up, slave!”
“Up yours, sister!” He laughed.
“Get up and fight, scumbag!”
“Up your chimney stack, baby girl!” Ares jack-holed and giggled.
“O! Is the baby afraid of Granny?” She laughed.
He smiled. “No fear here, babe.”
“So, only death is here, sir.”
He stood upright from the wagon wheel and frowned at Granny. “Don’t say things like that, Granny.”
She did not smile but smirked at the teen god. “I am sorry, Devi Marcus. My words just slipped out at the moment of your defeat.”
His hand cleared the caked blood from his broken nose and fanned his nose back into shape with a slight groan. Using the same hand, he rubbed an aching back spine from the physical game. “Are we finished for the day, Granny?” Two individual gigantic limestone colored boulders charged from the hillside at Marcus.
She laughed. “This is the last one, god-boy!”
He wiggled both of his hands in the air and then captured the pair of flying boulders, knocking them together and then started to sculpt an outline image of Ares in war battle, laughing with amusement, waving both of his arms.
“That is not bad, god-boy!” She stood and smiled with a not at Marcus.
He lifted both hands in the air and tossed both pieces of large boulders into the unplowed field beside his wagon, smiling at Granny. “Thanks, Granny! May I leave now?”
She nodded with a smile and stroked her neckline at the teen god. “Yes, Deva Marcus! You have served your punishment duties for the rest of day.”
He nodded with a smile and snapped his fingers, disappearing from the floor on the wagon.

At 09:44:02 am, inside the school house classroom, Marcus popped inside the classroom a few feet from the entrance wall with a smile and waved his right hand that was used to activate his god powers, exchanging his set of dirty clothes into a new dark blue colored business suit of silk.
A hologram world globe slowly spun on its cyberspace axis in the middle of the room and displayed the country of Africa for all eyeballs to see. An array of vertical colored pinpricked lights illuminated towards the ceiling radiating within the boundaries of the United States of America.
Each teen stood around the holographic world. Pele pointed at the hologram. “Isis, Lugh, and Kuan Yi have developed a set of new technology using this pair of sunglasses, which is possessed…”
“You mean obsessed.” Shango laughed.
Marcus/Ares gasped in shock and dashed ahead, pulling beside Pele, reaching out. He jerked his pair of sunglasses off the small object and held them in the air coming from an attack of another god or goddess. “Hey! They are re-possessed now!” The individual streams of colored lights vanished from the twirling holographic world.
“Replace the sunglasses back on the doll, Ares! You have ruined the god and goddess treasure hunt, boy.” Pele turned and sneered at tall Marcus.
He cuddled his sunglasses into his clean shirt and frowned at Pele. “This is my god property.”
“And a fine piece of very good property, you have. Go and sit down, Marcus!” Pele frowned and snatched back the pair of sunglasses back from Marcus, placing the shades back onto the Voodoo doll. She pointed the active Voodoo doll of a fake Marcus at the hologram globe. All of the colorful lights had returned and pinpointed a set of new god and goddess weapons on the holographic world.
Marcus was fresh and clean from bathing off the sweat, blood, and dead bugs from his punishment with Granny, donning a new dark blue Dior business suit on his six feet and six inches height, wearing a skin tone of dark complexion with a head of curly black tinted hair on a heart-shaped face. His face displayed an aristocratic nose, chiseled cheekbones and soft thin pink lips in a smile.
On the rear wall, a long table with individual wooden chairs hugged the dried mud without a teen. Thianne turned and winked at her boyfriend Marcus, back stepping from the holographic world, bumping into the table, and sat down in the chair while waiting for Marcus.
He skirted around each line of teens and the rotating ball of lights and then sundered over towards Thianne, wiggling his hand in the air, jerking an empty chair from the side wall with his god kinesis and placed it next to her warm body. He leaned down and whispered sweet words into her face, slowly sitting on top of the pad.
Around the hologram world, Thian spun around and wiggled his index finger, levitating Marcus' empty chair in the air as the item shifted back and forth from the floor and away from the butthole on Marcus. Ares continued to smile and drool over the face and the hands on his love Thianne, slowly sitting down in the chair, rapidly falling down towards the dried mud floor instead. He instantly caught his body with a hand wave of god powers and then flew straight up hovering his hair roots near the ceiling beams, turning to sneer at Thian.
Thian pointed at the side wall, where he had placed Marcus' empty chair and nodded with a smile, “Go and sit down over there by the side wall, which is far away and on the opposite side of my sister Thianne, Marcus!”
Marcus dropped down from the ceiling beams and gently landed down on top of the floor with a smile, waving his right hand again, stealing another empty chair from the side wall and sat with a smile beside Thianne. “I find this seat warm and comfy for all my needs.” Thianne smiled. He leaned over and whispered into her face.
Thian sneered in fury and wiggled his index finger on his right hand, aiming a green tinted echo bolt at the back spine on Marcus. Ares reached back and wiggled his hand sending the green god bolt back to Thian. Thian gasped in alarm and ducked down, rolling over the hard dirt floor. Ares laughed. “Back at you, man!” He stared into her pair of beautiful silver tinted eyes.
Pele wiggled her two digits, an index finger and a middle finger on her left hand, flaring out a tiny light green colored echo bolt at the back spine on Ares, shouting out loud with fury, “Ares, pay attention here!”
He shouted out loud and reached back, smoothing the tiny burn with his hand, turning with a sneer to see Pele. “Ouch! That hurt! Thian started it. Go and beat him up, Pele!” Marcus spun around and smiled at Thianne again.
Standing around the illuminated hologram, Kuan Yi laughed. “You gods, the war god whimpers, when pinched by one's fingernail.”
Ares twisted his distorted face and lifted up his right hand towards Kuan Yi. “Well, I’ll show ya’ll a whimpering moan, goddess.”
“Blast her, Ares!” Balder laughed with a nod and rooted for the cat fight between the arrogant god and the conceited diva.
“Stand down, Ares!” Thian frowned at Marcus and then jabbed a finger at Balder. “And you, shut up, too, Balder.”
Pele activated the Voodoo doll and pointed at the additional illuminated lights. “All right! We have found three more god or goddess weapons. There is a mobile telephone inside a hidden cave in the US State of Arkansas. There is a pair of sunglasses at a university. And there is a wrist watch inside a Virginia gravesite.”
“Gravesite! No way! No how! Not me!” Shango yelled out loud and shook his bald mound.
Thian turned and frowned at Pele while rubbing the pain from his tense neck muscles. “Look, ya'll! We are running out of time, daylight hours and moonlight hours, before Satan’s Grandmother attacks one of us again. Why are we finding so few god and goddess weapons?”
Balder laughed, “Our leader speaketh.”
“Our leader annoyeth.” Shango smiled.
Pele smiled. “Don’t have a coronary there, Thian! We have developed a set flying drones which are crisscrossing America right now focusing on the US States in Hawaii, Alaska, and the country of Puerto Rico.”
Shango smiled. “I vote to explore the warm weather and cool ocean waters in Puerto Rico right now!”
“Shut up, Shango!” Thian frowned.
Pele nodded. “Each tiny drone has been loaded with a Voodoo doll that is encircling the planet searching for one or more god and goddess weapons. Each drone will pinpoint a weapon, when it is fueled. When the geomagnetic and isotopes eat up all the fuel, the drone quits functioning. And the fuel for the drone is provided by Ares.”
“All those black beans come in handy, ain't right, Ares?” Balder laughed with a grin.
Ares turned and sneered at the teen god. “Shut up, Balder! I am not fuel!”
Pele giggled. “The drone uses his hair for fuel.”
Isis spun around from the holographic, strolled towards the back spine on Ares, and then stopped, lifting up one of his curly hair stands, clipping the section off with a giggle.
Ares spun around and gasped in alarm, staring at the tiny black curl in her hand. “Heck fire! That’s my personal property too. That’s me! Give it back, Is-is! I am not a fuel station here.”
“Because you’re the fool in here. Correction there!” Balder laughed.
“Shut up, Balder!” Ares frowned.
Pele reminded. “Relax, Ares! This is for a good cause to save all of our delicate god and goddess skins.”
Ares frowned. “My skin comes first. Who cares about ya’ll?” He turned and smiled into her cheekbone. “Do you want a bag of diamonds, princess?”
Thianne smiled, “Yes, I would like a bag of diamonds, Ares.”
“The US State of Arkansas is famous for its earth rocks. There are tons of hidden diamond caves down in the soil. So you and me can pop over, grab you some stones for a throat necklace, earlobes earrings and a diamond engagement ring for your ring finger,” he rubbed her hand.
She blushed with a pink hue. Marcus wasn’t talking about a marriage ceremony but acting upon it. Sh smiled. “A ring would be very nice for my ring finger.”
He winked. “As you wish, my princess!” Then he kissed her hand.
Thian spun around and sneered at the rear skull on Marcus, shouting out the order. “Every teen go and pair up for the new treasure hunt mission!”
Pele lowered the Voodoo doll of Ares as the hologram world disappeared from the classroom. She removed the pair of sunglasses on the Voodoo doll and tossed the sunglasses at Marcus. He could feel his god weapon near his body and spun around, catching the object with a nod to Pele. She gently dropped down the Voodoo doll on top of the floor and shouted out loud at the leader, shaking her curls. “No, Thian! We must carefully select each team due to exposure.”
He spun around and frowned at Pele, “What kind of exposure?”
She nodded. “A university setting is both overcrowded and dangerous with dumb an smart college humans. The month of September is famous for all of the active football games.”
Shango clapped with a smile and a head nod. “Yeah! Yay! Rah! Rah! Harrah! I wanna see the entire pep rally stands with all the pretty cheerleaders, and pretty majorettes and all the other pretty girls dancing and singing today.”
“Right, Shango!” Mithras smiled and clapped with Shango.
“Not right, Shango!” Pele frowned with annoyance. Then she called out particular names that formed the team of gods and goddesses for the treasure hunt. She smiled, “All right! Everyone has a new team member and do not start a fight, Shango! Good treasure hunting to all! Come back here inside the school house building, as soon as possible, so we can made Mithras happy. We will begin our battle war exercises." She smiled at Mithras. He clapped with a smile. Then Pele and her team were the first team to pop out from the school house classroom without a fanfare of music, words or groans.
CHAPTER FIVE




Same calendar date but different American city and time zone...


City of Kirby within the US State of Arkansas
01:01:01 pm (Central Time Zone, USA)

Dirt road setting
Rolling clouds with bright sunlight and windy at 106° Fahrenheit


The selected teen group of Balder, Nikki, Isis, Is Chel, and Kuan Yi popped down in the middle of the dirt road with a set of high winds, a hot sun of choking air and sweating heat.
“Welcome to Kirby, Arkansas!” Kuan Yi wiped her face and shifted the long straps on her Prada designer brand black tinted leather tote over her bone skull and straightened up her Gap designer brand white colored short-sleeved buttoned down dress shirt on top of her khakis shorts She readjusted a pair of Eddie Borgo wood and silver arm cuffs on each dress sleeve. She stood five feet and one inch height with a bob of light brown hair strands.
Balder continued to stand and stretched each body limb upwards while surveying an empty dirt road, and a grove of trees on each side of the dirt for civilization. “You messed up, again, Kuan Yi!” He wore a Tommy Hilfiger designer brand white sports jacket over a red tinted Gap designer brand tee shirt, a pair of plaid patterned white, blue, red and yellow walking Bermuda shorts and a pair of tan colored Olukai flip-flops. He displayed a pair of light blue eyes and a body frame of six feet and five inches in height.
“Thank you! I got it right, the first time, Handel!” Kuan Yi laughed and squatted down, touching the earth soil, re-strapping each one of her Givenchy designer brand ankle black tinted boots.
“What is the new place?” Nikki stood beside her boyfriend Balder and measured five feet even in height, displaying a head of long curly red tinted hair, and a pair of violet colored pupils. She wore a BCBG Maxazria designer brand hot pink zigzag-patterned silk sleeveless short dress with a Diane von Furstenberg designer brand yellow gold tinted throat necklace comprised of sparklingly rock crystals and real diamonds around her naked neck that fell down to her belly button. She paired a matching yellow gold tinted ring with a rock crystal on her index finger and a pair of star-pattered diamonds earrings on each earlobe. She slowly wiped off the earth dust from her Tiffany designer brand turquoise tinted handbag with a strap of silver tinted balls.
“We are located somewhere north from the town of Murfreesburg.” Is Chel measured five feet and six inches in height displaying a head of shoulder length black tinted hair and a pair of soft brown tinted eyeballs. She shook the coldness from the pop trick from her upright body and her clothing. She wore a Marc Jacobs designer brand red colored capelet with a matching torso camisole over a pair of black and red tinted, silk trousers, a pair of red tinted patent leather ankle strip sandals from designer Giuseppe Zanotti, and a gray tinted leather Stella McCartney designer brand bucket bag. She reached up and halted the swing on each one of her heavy Yves Saint Laurent designer brand brass earrings with each hand.
“Where is this new place, again?” Nikki continued to smile and wink only at Balder, not scouting the new environment.
Is Chel surveyed the new place with a stern face. “We are standing a little northerly from the town of Murfreesburg, which is called The Craters of Diamonds country.”
Kuan Yi stood upright with a smile and then retrieved the Voodoo doll of Ares from her designer purse, displaying it in front of her face. “You gods, we are almost on top of thousands of diamond mines. This place is the only set of underground diamond mines within the USA.”
“Diamonds!" Nikki turned and gasped at the dirt road and then the groves of tall tree. "Where are the diamond mines? I don’t see any of them.” She ran ahead down the road from the other teens and then halted standing on the edge of the dirt road, peering down into the yellow tinted grass.
Kuan Yi slowly moved ahead with a smile and flipped her arm in the air as her set of jewelry cuffs rattled on her body, still holding the doll like a flashlight that radiated a beam through the air waves down the dirt road. “We must walk northerly based on Ares’ trajectory.”
Balder scooted sideways and cuddled next to Kuan Yi, staring with an evil eye at the doll that was a replicate of Marcus, “May I hold the doll for a few seconds, Kuan Yi?” He laughed.
Kuan Yi giggled with a smile and continued to walk ahead beside Balder. She wasn’t fooled by the sudden kind streak from Balder. The voodoo doll was a real duplicate of Marcus.
Marcus enjoyed using and abusing his teen god powers on each god male especially Balder for fun and games.
Kuan Yi was not handing the magical doll to Balder for any reason, purpose, and goal, until she died by a freak accident. “Thanks! I got it right, again, Handel!” She smiled. “Nikki, an earth rock that forms a diamond mineral is located under the ground, not above the soil. In the year 1906 …”
Balder slapped both of his hands over each earlobe and the loudly moaned with annoyance at Kuan Yi. “O! Here it comes! Another old but new history lesson during our vitally important god and goddess mission.”
“I wanna hear the old but new history lesson, darling.” Is Chel dashed ahead and pulled up beside Kuan YI, bumping into her body with a set of giggles.
Balder dashed ahead and stopped beside Nikki, cuddling her into his rib cage, slowly moving ahead of Kuan Yi and Is Chel, creating an array of yellow dust balls on the road and around his naked toes.
Is Chel continued to hold the doll and narrated the story with a smile, “Farmer John found two diamonds on his land property here within the small town of Murfreesburg on a sloped crater, in which, his land property covered three-fourths of a volcanic crater. When the trend of diamond fever hit here within Pike County, Farmer John became known as Diamond John. Three separate magma formations had created the volcanic crater which had occurred 100 million years ago. When the diamond fever finally went broke and broke off, Farmer John sold his land to the USA. Then the USA government had created a state park which was called The Crater of Diamonds, where anyone can get down and dirty while digging with their raw fingers for a diamond. Over 75,000 diamonds have been found consisting of white, brown or yellow hues. Nearly 60,000 people visit this state park in a year and two diamonds are found per day. Some of the largest recorded diamonds consist of a 40.23 carat, which was called Uncle Sam. And a 34.25 carat diamond rock named the Star of Arkansas in the year 192.4. A 16.37 carat diamond had been named Amarillo Starlight and was found in year 1975.”
“I wanna go and get a diamond, Balder.” Nikki bounced up and down surveying the grove of trees.
“No, baby! I can zap you a great big diamond, after we return back home to the school house building, this evening.” Balder held her hand with a smile.
She smiled. “Okay, Balder!”
Isis measured five feet and five inches in height displaying a head of long blonde tinted hair and a pair of light green eyeballs. She slowly padded behind the back spine on Kuan Yi and Is Chel, surveying the new environment, “The soil is yellow hue, not black earth. Does anything grow here?” She wore a D&G designer brand pink tinted floral-print chiffon blouse, a pair of linen and satin pink tinted trousers, a Burberry designer brand green tinted patent leather purse, and an Etienne Aigner designer brand gold tinted necklace and a pair of matching pearl drop pearl earrings.
“This is a low region of pine trees without rows of fruit bushes. So, nothing really grows here. From each one of the underground bauxite mines, that metallic mineral is used as cable wiring in all flying aircraft and spacecraft.” Kuan Yi informed. “In the eastern part of Pike County, there are farms of chickens.”
Nikki smiled. “This barren place appears like a desert without life forms, a fast food restaurant, and no fun.”
Kuan Yi exhaled with annoyance and continued to walk down the dirt road. “We are not here for fast food or fun.”
Is Chel wiped off the sweat from her face, “Yeah, the place feels like a desert, hot and heated.”
She smiled. “The temperature reads 86 degrees, which is the normal air temperature in the month of September here in the town of Kirby within the US State of Arkansas, USA.”
The selected group of teens continued to pad down the road and entered a small town with rotten short and tall wooden buildings on each side of the dirt.
Nikki turned and studied each rotten building. "Why is the town empty of life forms and animals and humans?"
Is Chel studied each building also. “Abandoned is the better term here.”
Nikki frowned. “Why is the town abandoned then?”
Isis laughed. “This town is not abandoned. It contains numerous he-ghosts and she-ghosts cooling in the dark shadows inside each rotten building structure." She turned and waved at each ghost which was spying through the closed shutters at the team of gods and goddesses. "The town is haunted with spirits as they say,"
“Then I say we leave.” Balder laughed out loud and turned to see the same he-ghosts and she-ghosts behind each closed shutter also, without the hand wave but nodded in respect.
Kuan Yi ordered. “Shut up, Balder!”
Balder smiled. “I’m boss here.”
“You are bossy here. You got that one right!” She frowned.
The team continued to pad on top of the dusty road while passing each rotten building, kicking up a set of foot tornados in silence. Then the Voodoo doll of Ares slowly turned its red tinted beam and directed the ray to the side building that indicated the location of the god or goddess treasure.
"Stop!" Kuan Yi shouted out loud and halted, slowly turning her body with the doll towards a new building of rotten wood. "This is the place!" The rest of the teens halted and then turned with a smile to see the new building 
Isis frowned. "What is the place?"
Kuan Yi nodded with a smile at the targeted building, "Each one of these ancient wooden structures had been built in the late 1600’s, when the first settlements had established a town here within the state of Arkansas."
Is Chel frowned at the ugly but dangerous building, "What’s inside that museum?"
Balder frowned at the same structure, "What are we assigned to investigate and find and then steal?”
Kuan Yi smiled. “A pair of sunglasses.”
Isis whipped out her personal mobile telephone and quickly typed on the keyboard, reading out loud the new information. “What! Wait! Halt! This ancient cowboy town had been constructed in the 1680’s. Why are we looking for a pair of modern day sunglasses from the year 1680 in here? That’s nonsense, Kuan Yi! This assignment doesn’t make any sense, to me,” she looked up and stared at the rotten building.
Kuan Yi smiled. “A pair of sunglasses had been used by Emperor Nero in year 60 AD while watching each Roman gladiator fight. He held over his eyeballs a piece of polished green tinted gems that reduced the bright sunlight on top of the game. So, this had been the first recorded evidence of sunglass usage.”
“Are you taking Pele’s historical place, Kuan Yi?” Balder frowned.
“Thanks for the compliment, Handel!” Kuan Yi moved ahead towards the open archway and continued to hold the doll in front of her face. The green beam of light continued to light a straight line into the building. “In the 12th century, each Chinese court judge wore a flat panel of smoke quartz over both of their eyes to conceal their eyeballs until the end of the justice trial. The modern day sunglasses came from American Sam Foster in the year 1929 in order to protect people’s eyes from the bright sunlight rays. He sold the first pair of shades on the Atlantic City ocean beach in the city of New Jersey. The concept took off the ground literally where air force pilots in the military started wearing a pair of anti-glare aviator style eye shields in the 1930’s and then each famous Hollywood movie film stars followed in the 1960’s.”
“Breathe, Kuan Yi!” Nikki giggled.
Kuan Yi led the other teens into the abandoned structure that contained emptiness of space and rotten wooden planks on each wall. She stopped and stood in the middle of the empty room holding the doll in front of her face, exhaling with confusion.
Is Chel stopped a few feet behind the back spine on Kuan Yi and said with puzzlement. "Hey! Where's the museum?"
Balder stopped with Nikki and stood beside Is Chel, laughing out loud, "There ain't no museum pieces inside the ancient cowboy museum."
Isis stopped and stood beside Nikki, surveying the new room, "Well, there isn't a single item inside the museum. Is this the proper place, Kuan Yi?"
Kuan Yi did not response but encircled the room with confusion while holding the doll in front of her face. The green tinted beam from the doll pointed ahead and exited through the rear open archway that led into the back yard of tall weeds and wildflowers. She slowly moved ahead and exited through the rear doorway and then halted inside a manicured yard of grass and pods of colorful wildflowers. The green tinted bean from the doll darted across the air waves and entered the open archway on a new building. The new building had resembled a modern day brick coated three story salt house. She continued to stand and gasped in shock at the structure.
Each teen dashed ahead with laughter, entered the rear yard, and then stopped, forming a straight line while staring at the new building.
The new house structure was called a salt house that sat flat on top of a slab of vanilla colored concrete. A set of double wooden doors stood in the middle of the front porch that exhibited twelve open windows coming down from the top down to the bottom on three rows, without a set of curtains or drapes. An outside balcony occupied the second and three floor level in-between the four windows. The dry yellow dust bunnies was flying in and out of the structure like a set of dust tornados.
On each side of the doorway, a sandstone statue with a sitting yellow tinted stone lion stood guard.
Balder frowned and pointed at the structure. "Is that a house?"
Nikki gasped in shock. “Is that house really real here inside the grove of trees?”
Is Chel nodded with a smile. “That house is really real like we are really real and really here.”
Kuan Yi continued to hold the doll, where its green beam of light entered into the closed doors on the new building. She pointed at the doorway with a smile. “Okay! This is the spot. The beam from the Voodoo doll is pointing inside that building. Go and check out that open door, Balder!”
Balder continued to stand and stared at the new building. “This place holds a very strange design. I think the statues appear to be a very large statue of a sitting lion with a pair of big paws and its head is covered in a crown,” he gasped in shock. "That’s an Egyptian sphinx, ya'll!”
Nikki shook her curls. “Why is an Egyptian sphinx standing in the middle of Arkansas.”
"I do not know." Isis frowned at the new structure.
Kuan Yi waved her free hand and lowered down the doll, smiling at the new structure. “Forget it! Get in and out of the museum, before we run out of daylight, Balder.” Balder did not move but continued to study the new building with puzzlement.
Is Chel laughed. “Awe! Is the god baby a little bitty scared of the big structure?”
“Go and knock on the closed door, teen god!” Isis smiled.
Nikki turned and sneered at the nose profile on her guy. “Go and break it down, Balder!”
He nodded with a smile and strolled to the wooden front porch reaching out, touching one of the wooden knob. The set of doors swung open and revealed two figures, one tall and one short, who stood inside the open archway. He back stepped from the two figures and gasped in shock.
Is Chel smiled. “Now, we know. Both a race of trolls and a tomb of mummies live out here in the wilderness of US State of Arkansas.”
The troll held a porky body frame and a head of long light brown hair down to his waistline, a pair of tea shades over both of his eyeballs  that shaded part of his round face with a flat nose and pink tinted skin. He displayed a pink, yellow, and blue colored Hawaiian lei around his short neck and was dressed in white tee shirt, a hula grass skirt around his thick waist, and a pair of green tinted sneakers on his short feet. The troll held a ukulele tucked underneath his arm pit, staring up at Balder.
The mummy next to the troll was wrapped in a horizontal direction with numerous dirty yellow-stained body bandages coming from the bone skull down to the toe bones. The mummy displayed a pair of pink swimming goggles over each open hole through the bandages where a pair of human eyeballs used to be placed. The mummy face had been painted with a pair of black tinted arched eyebrows, a set of pink tinted cheekbones and a mouth of bright red tinted outline for a part of closed lips. A Hawaiian lei rested around her bandaged neck and an ankle-length hula grass skirt covered the rest of her lower body without the ukulele.
Balder winked. “I want my mummy.”
The short troll pointed up at the tall teen god with a sneer. “You will shoe manners to me or else!”
Isis moved ahead and softly giggled, standing beside Balder, “I think the troll means ‘show' manners.” The rest of the teens advanced and formed a row beside Isis in silence, staring at the troll and the mummy.
Balder looked down at the troll, “You are not a very nice, mummy.”
“I am Mr. Troll...”
“…living here among the yellow dust balls within the US State of Arkansas,” Kuan Yi dashed ahead and gasped in shock, standing beside Isis, staring at the unique pair of supernatural creatures.
Mr. Troll extended his free arm and nodded to Kuan Yi. “My natural habitat of woods, forests and lakes has been overtaken by a race of greedy and selfish humans.”
“O! I can understand. I am very sorry, dude.” Balder nodded with a stern face. “What’s your sad story, dudette?” He looked up and nodded to the mummy.
“A British-accented archeologist with a pair of dirty nails, one.” She raised a bandaged one finger and then a second finger. “Two, I do not want to live in a dusty place with sand that getting in-between my cloths. Three, a set of x-ray lighted machines with an array high beams that blind your cataracts. I’m lucky that I was able escape the afterlife from the country of Egypt,” the mummy slapped her hand down onto the bandaged legs producing a dust ball of yellow dust.
“Who are you?” Kuan Yi frowned.
“Cleopatra.” The mummy did not smile but proclaimed.
“Well, this is a wonderful pleasure to meet you in person, Queen Cleopatra.” Kuan Yi nodded with a smile.
Isis smiled. “O! You’re the mummy of Cleopatra.”
“Dudette, you’re very famous.” Balder smiled.
Cleopatra flipped up her bandage hand and shook her banged bone skull. “I can assure you here. It is all fabrication, lies, and exaggeration.”
“So, no one knows of your secret home location or of your person here, my Queen Cleopatra,” Balder nodded.
Cleopatra placed her bandaged index finger near the painted pair of lips on her wrapped face, “That is our little secret, big boy!”
He nodded with a smile. “Yes, ma’am.”
“What is your representative dignity?” Mr. Troll frowned at each one of the teens.
“I think he means ‘deity.’” Isis smiled.
“Gods.” Balder smiled.
“Devas,” Troll laughed out loud. Cleopatra nodded with the new shared knowledge. He smiled. “We have been invaded by a set of half-gods and goddesses with very limited flowers, Cleo, babe.”
Isis smiled. “I think he means limited 'powers.’”
“Look! Mr. Troll, we don’t want a fight here.” Balder nodded.
Troll flipped his free hand into the air with a head nod. “So, go and varnish!”
Isis giggled. “I think he means ‘vanish.’”
Kuan Yi nodded with a smile. “We are here for a very short visit to see your ancient museum.”
Cleopatra told. “Longitude is 31 degrees, 12 inches north, and latitude is 29 degrees, and 55 inches east.”
Kuan Yi whipped out her mobile telephone and quickly typed on the keyboard, hearing the beep, gasping in shock. She looked up and frowned at the mummy. “That's the location of the Egyptian museum, in the city of Alexandria, within the country of Egypt, a long, long ago.”
Balder shook his bone skull. “We are not interested in a floor of dead mummies. We are interested in exploding an American museum with all types of western stuff.”
“What kind of western stuff?” Troll asked with puzzlement.
“Old stuff filled with 1960s relics.”
“O! Are you prepping for a time jack?” Troll laughed.
Isis smiled. “I think he means a ‘time jump.’”
“Yeah! We wanna perform a time hop scotch.” Balder laughed.
“Give me the colt!” Troll told.
Isis giggled. “I think he means ‘code.’”
“No go, there, Mr. Troll! We don't have a cold or a code or a colt.” Balder laughed.
Troll waved his free hand at the teens. “No colt! Then go and take a bike!”
Isis smiled. “I think he means take a ‘hike.’”
Kuan Yi nodded with a smile. “We only wanna to see a small peep inside your western museum for one minutes and thirty seconds. Then we will leave you all alone.”
“No!” Troll flashed the ukulele into a long shotgun inside both of his hand, grinning with one hanging teeth at Balder.
Balder lifted both palms near his frown and back stepped from the duo in fear. “He holds a twelve-gauge shotgun, which is locked and loaded, ya'll.”
Kuan Yi frowned. “You cannot hurt a god.”
Troll grinned with a toothless smile. “True fact, goddess! But I can really do some ham to a half human part of your half goddess statue right now, at the moment, in a few seconds.”
Isis nodded. “I think he means ...”
Balder reached down and grabbed the hand on Nikki, slowly back stepping both of them from the wooden porch, where the troll displayed his rifle. “We know what Mr. Troll means. Thanks for the swift word translation, Isis.” He and the other teens slowly padded backwards in silence and then entered back into the empty museum building, forming a loose huddle in the middle of the room. Outside the museum building, in front of the salt house, the troll and the mummy continued to stand inside the open archway and spied on the ten gods and goddess.
Is Chel frowned. “What is Plan B here?”
Balder frowned. “Plan B has been tried and has failed.”
Isis smiled. “So, what is the Plan C here?”
Nikki smiled. “Does the letter of C represent clueless to anyone?” The other teens softly chuckled and nodded with a bone skull.
Balder snapped his fingers and nodded with a smile to each face. “I have an idea. We can ask them for a game.”
Kun Yi asked. “What kind of game?”
He grinned. “A long time ago, Queen Cleopatra had become famous for her brains and her diplomatic candor. So, I wanna tell her a riddle.”
“O no! Not a joke at this time!” Kuan Yi gasped in alarm.
Balder sneered at Kuan Yi. “No worm! I wanna tell a true riddle in the form of a question with some clues, so Cleo can answer it.”
“What does Cleo get?” Nikki frowned.
Is Chel winked at Balder with a smile “We get inside the western museum. You're a brilliant god, Balder. What’s your riddle?”
Balder shook his bone skull. “My riddle is only for Cleo, babe.” He placed his hand in the middle of the huddle.
Each teen presented their hand on top of Balder and then cheered out loud in unison. "Do it, too it!" Then each arm lifted up in the air and as each teen laughed.
Balder scooted from the huddle and led the team through the open archway, moving ahead back to the salt house entrance with the two figures inside the open archway and then stopped. He looked down and smiled at the shotgun on the troll. “We propose a game of wits in trade for entering inside your western museum.”
Troll continued to hold the gun at the legs on balder and frowned with confusion. “Do you want her to take off her bandages.”
Balder gasped in alarm and shook his bone skull. Cleopatra nodded to Balder and explained to the troll. “No, dear! The deva wants to engage with an intellectual challenge.”
Balder smiled. “I have a riddle for Queen Cleopatra. If she...”
“Not fair here! Queen Cleopatra comes from a different generic.” Troll frowned.
“I think he means a different ‘generation.’” Isis smiled.
Balder nodded and stared at the pink tinted swimming goggles on the painted and wrapped bone skull of Cleopatra. “I propose to engage Queen Cleopatra with an Egyptian riddle.”
Troll looked up and smiled at Cleopatra. “This is okay with me. Do you want the tusk, Cleo, babe?”
“I thrive on cerebral interplay.” Cleopatra motioned with her wrapped hand to Balder.
Kuan Yi nodded. “How about a time limit of ten seconds here? Does that seem to be a fair time limit, Queen Cleopatra?”
“More the soft interlude.” Cleopatra did not smile but stared at Balder through the wrapped bandages.
Balder nodded and then cleared his throat, “The one, who makes it, does not use it. The one, who uses it, does not see it. The one, who sees it, does not desire it no matter how pretty it may be.”
Isis counted out loud. "Ten. Nine. Eight. Seven. Six. Five. Four. Three. Two. One. Zero. Time limit has expired."
"Cleo, babe, go and embargo the half-god!” Troll looked up and smiled at the mummy.
“Go ahead and embarrass me, Cleopatra!” Balder smirked at the mummy. She placed her bandaged hand around her bandaged throat staring at Balder in silence. “Cleo, babe!” Troll frowned.
“I cannot say it.” She looked down and stared at the wooden porch.
Balder clapped with a smile. “Well then, I guess we have win the riddle contest and will receive entrance into your western museum.”
“Cleo, babe!” Troll stared at her with a worried brow.
She looked up and nodded her bandaged bone skull at Balder. “Congratulations, Deva! You have win our bet fair and square. I will lead you into the dusty western museum. The room is located on the third tier here in our home.” The troll wiggled his nose and turned the shotgun back into a ukulele again.  Cleopatra spun around and painted a set of yellow dust foot prints from her foot bandages slowly climbing to the upper floor alone and without words.
Balder entered the house alone and traveled beside the short troll. The troll leaned over into the tall legs on Balder and asked the question. “What is the answer to your riddle, half-god?”
Balder leaned down and whispered over the hair roots on the troll. “The answer is an Egyptian sarcophagus,” he stood upright and looked back over his collar bone, winking at Nikki. She giggled at his clever deed. Balder spun around back with a smile and observed the second floor level with numerous bedrooms.
Nikki strolled beside Isis. Kuan Yi and Is Chel trailed last in line up the staircase.
Troll stood upright and nodded with a smile. “The answer to the riddle is an Egyptian sarcophagus. Hmm! That makes sense. No use! Uses, not see. Sees, not want.” He flipped and stroked the ukulele with laughter and several head nods, “Good one to ear! I ear it, not use.” He continued to singing and laughing while climbing each step.
On the third floor level of natural wooden planks with front and side open windows that displayed the tall trees and lovely songs from each singing bird, Queen Cleopatra stepped off the staircase and led the teens into the center wall and then stopped a few feet from the open archway. She pointed into the new room, without a word of encouragement or a nasty retort. Each teen entered the room with a smile and stopped a few feet from the entrance door. The room was covered in yellow tinted dust over each item.
“This new place is kinda dirty-looking.” Isis frowned at the new room.
Outside the archway, Cleopatra laughed. “No slavery here, since the year 1864.” She reached out and slammed the door shut, leaving the third floor level and the group of teen gods and goddesses in private.
Inside the museum room, hundreds of exposed sunglasses rested inside an open box or down on top of the dirty floor or hung onto a dusty book shelf. Each box was scattered around the floor and placed inside some of the open wardrobe closets.
Nikki frowned. “Geez! Where do we start the sunglasses search?”
Balder extended his palm to Kuan Yi. "I know. Gimme the Voodoo doll of Marcus! He is good for something. He can pinpointed the god or goddess pair of sunglasses really quickly. Then we can leave out and away from this creepy forestland."
Kuan Yi stood beside Balder and shook her curls, whipping out the doll from her handbag, holding the item in front of her face. The doll did not emit a green tinted light that indicated the pair of sunglasses for a god or a goddess. She lowered the doll and replaced back into her handbag. "The room is filled with natural elements of yellow dust coming from the earth soil. An artificial object, like a Voodoo doll, cannot penetrate Mother Nature's dirt. We must use some of our limited goddess powers." She back stepped and stopped in front of the entrance wall, nodding with a stern face, lifting up her arm and displaying her two digits, an index finger and a middle finger that activates her goddess powers. "All right! Everyone, come and stand in-between me. We all need to access and use our goddess and god kinesis power and float up from the floor and out from each closet every pair of sunglasses in the air...”
“… while creating more yellow tinted dust into my nostrils.” Balder pretended a cough and then laughed out loud, slowly back stepping with Nikki, standing beside Kuan Yi. He leaned against the wall and lifted up his right leg with the flip-flop, pointing out his big toe at the dirty room that would access his god powers for the new task. The other teens stood against the wall and stared into the dusty room.
Kuan Yi wiggled her an index finger and a middle finger shouting out the command. “Do it, too it!”
Nikki wiggled her cute button nose that activated her goddess powers.
Is Chel lifted up and wiggled her two digits, an index finger and a middle finger that activated her goddess powers.
Isis wiggled her pinky finger on her left hand that activated her goddess powers.
Balder wiggled his big toe bone side to side.
Each pair of sunglasses slowly lifted up from the dusty floor or a dirty shelf magically floating in the air, forming numerous straight lines in the middle of the room. Each one slowly bobbed in the air and stared back at the row of teen gods and goddesses.
On the entrance wall, Kuan Yi dropped down her hand and nodded with a smile at the rows of sunglasses. “Good jobs, gods and goddesses! Now, everyone stand back. I possess goddess-force air.”
Balder lowered his flip-flop with a soft thud and leaned against the wall staring at the rows of sunglasses, “I know you’re full of hot air, Kuan Yi! But how is your bull frog crap going to help us here? The doll doesn't work. And I didn't know which pair of sunglasses belong to my god dad and then to god-me.”
Kuan Yi slowly stepped ahead from the entrance wall and waved her hand at the line of teens. “Every teen, stand back away from me. Here goes something great!” She inhaled all of the air molecules inside her two healthy lungs and expanded her chest cavity, staring at the rows of floating sunglasses. She leaned forward and then heavily exhaled all of her gathered air supply. An invisible whistling strong wind storm hit each row of sunglasses, wiping out each set of yellow tinted dust balls, sending the plume of dust out into the open windows inside the room. Then the room was clean and smelled like grove of pine trees.
Is Chel gasped in shock and stared at rows of clean sunglasses. “Wow! Is that a new goddess talent, Kuan Yi?”
Kuan Yi stood upright and nodded with a smile at the clean room. “Yup! I call it, the G-force wind storm.” She chuckled with the other females.
Balder frowned. “Your bad breathe smells like …”
“Shut up, Balder!” Is Chel frowned at the row of sunglasses.
“Project the doll at the clean sunglasses. Let’s see what happens now!” He frowned at the row of sunglasses.
Kuan Yi whipped out the doll and held the item in front of her face. A single green tinted beam streamed out from the stationary doll and swiftly fluttered on each pair of sunglasses, and then stopped while glowing on each charmed pair.
Isis smiled. "Wow! Look at that! There are numerous pairs of charmed sunglasses in here. We hit the right sweet spot. Grab a box and gather up our treasures for the rest of the teens." She moved to the closet and grabbed a box, slowly picking out each charmed pair of sunglasses with the aid of Is Chel and Nikki.
Balder moved ahead and collected a pair of sunglasses, placing over his two naked eyeballs. This particular pair of sunglasses did not morph into a cool god helmet. He spin around with a whistle and continued to wear the dark shades with a smile, moving back to the entrance wall.
Kuan Yi continued to stand a few feet from the entrance door and held the doll that displayed a green tinted ray at each charmed pair of sunglasses. Isis spun around and walked underneath a standing ladder while looking down inside the box. Kuan Yi gasped and shouted out loud in alarm. "Isis, you just...”
Isis held up one pair of sunglasses near her smile. “I got a lot of sunglasses here inside my box. Do you see my box of sunglasses?”
She pointed at the ladder with worry, “You just walked underneath a stationary ladder.”
Isis replaced the sunglasses back down into the box, “Pfft! So what? It is a ladder …”
“No, Isis!” Kuan Yi yelled in panic and lowered the doll.
“What’s your poison, Kuan Yi?” Balder stopped with a sneer and stood beside the nose profile on Kuan Yi with confusion.
Kuan Yi replaced the doll back into her handbag with a grunt and approached Isis, grabbing her collar bone, steering the teen back towards the stationary ladder. “Isis, go backwards and walk back through the ladder for good luck.”
Isis halted her body and then scooted around Kuan Yi, shouting out loud with fury, “No! Stop this childish game! I’m a true goddess. A goddess does not possess good or bad luck. We possess goddess powers to do ‘ham’ to others.” She laughed while making fun of the troll's vocabulary mix-up.
The other teens stopped and stood a few feet from the entrance wall waiting to return back to their home.
“Leave her be, Kuan Yi! Are we done here, gods and divas?” Balder spun around and cuddled his girl Nikki, leaning down, stealing a sweet kiss on her cheekbone. He stood upright and hugged her body.
“Yes,” Is Chel stood in front of the wall and held an open box of sunglasses also.
“Should we do something nice for Mr. Troll and Queen Cleopatra?” Nikki smiled.
“Yeah, we will varnish from here.” Balder laughed and snapped his fingers. Nikki and Balder popped out from the room first, without a fanfare of music or words or grunts.
Is Chel and Isis popped out from the room second without a fanfare of music or words or groans.
Kuan Yi stood in front of the ladder and exhaled with worry, shaking her curls, snapping her fingers. Then she popped out last from the western museum room in the city of Kirby within the US State of Arkansas going back into the school house building on top of Sand Mountain.
CHAPTER SIX




Same calendar date but different American city and time zone...

City of Marblehead within the US State of Massachusetts

03:03:03 pm (Eastern Time Zone, USA)

Manicured lawn setting
Loud thunder booms, bright lightning bolts
Raindrops shower at 87° Fahrenheit


A second selected group of teens including Thian, Ares, Shango, and Thianne popped down and landed in the wet ground at the college campus on the side porch of the library, hearing an array of loud sounds consisting of booms, cracks, pings, and tings.
A sheet of tear-shaped raindrops bombarded the manicured green tinted lawn, small water puddles and the concrete porch on the library building while yellow colored geometric shaped lightning bolts danced across dark blue clouds with loud thunder booms.
“Man, I’m don’t like getting wet.” Ares stood upright in the rain and whipped out the fancy handkerchief from his suit pocket wiping off the raindrops from his wet face.
Shango stood beside Thianne and clapped with a smile, looking up at storm clouds. “Nor do I, bro!” The raindrops ceased. The dark clouds quickly dissipated into rolls of white tinted clouds. The thunderstorm swiftly moved away from the campus and the group of teens heading further towards the east and out into the ocean waters of the Atlantic.
Thian stood upright on top of the wet grass and shook his body sending the water drops in the air and down on the grass. “Is that a new god trick, Shango?”
“Yeah, it's my latest, greatest, newest god talent. I just discovered it yesterday.” Shango reached over and flicked a couple of raindrops off his yellow tinted polo shirt. He displayed a pair of white tinted Perry Ellis designer brand pleaded cuffed trousers and a pair of Kenneth Cole designer brand loafers. He measured six feet and four inches in height with a pair of brown eyes and a bald mound without a single hair strand.
Ares displayed a Michael Kors designer brand tan colored push-up sleeved coat jacket over a pair of matching tan colored slim pants. A tan and white colored dress shirt covered his bulging muscles and chest. And a pair of tan colored tasseled leather shoes covered his feet. “That's anew slick trick, Shango! You're the new weather man here.”
Shango looked out into the ocean waters. “My god trick only lasts for a short period within time and space. The nasty thunderstorm will return as it is meant to become a massive storm with heavy raindrops and bolts of lightning. Even I can't mess with Mother Nature. So, we got twenty minutes flat for the team rescue.”
“That's plenty of god time for our in-and-out teen mission.” Thian smiled and surveyed the college campus.
“Where are we?” Ares turned and scanned the new environment with a stern face also.
“This is the library.” Thianne fluffed off the water droplets from a Lucky Brand designer white tinted ankle-length dress with a Ralph Lauren designer brand brown leather belt. She wore a brown colored leather collar with a dangling silver tinted star and a pair of brown tinted summer fashion heels. She pulled out from her Ralph Lauren brown leather tote bag a second voodoo doll of Ares and lifted the door in front of her face, A green tinted beam emitted and slapped harmlessly into a new building, “The beam is going there into a western direction inside that new squat-looking building.”
Ares turned and followed the green beam, reading out loud the words on the new building. “Gallows Hill with some funny symbols.”
“These funny symbols are part of the Greek alphabet, my stupid friend, who calls his person, Ares, the Greek god of all the Greek wars.” Thian laughed out loud and shoved Marcus from his person.
Marcus/Ares stumbled into Thianne and reached out, catching both of her arms, hugging her into his chest. He looked back over his collar bone and sneered at Thian. Thianne spun around inside his arms and leaned over, lightly kissing his cheekbone. He returned back and leaned down with a smile at his girl. “I am a southern Georgia boy from the USA, not the country of ancient Greece wards.”
Shango moved ahead and then stopped, shoving Ares away from Thianne while laughing out loud. “Now, he admits to being an American.” Ares moved with the flow along with Thianne and then halted still standing side-by-side and smiling at each other.
Thian padded ahead and stopped standing beside Shango, smiling at the same building. “Gallows Hills, the home of the Gamma, Kappa, Omega society.”
“That is a college campus fraternity.”
Thian rubbed the tension from his neck muscles. “I wished it were the entire football team that we must face.”
“Why, Thian!” Thianne stared at Ares, not the building.
Shango reached out and slapped the bicep on Marcus nodding with a grin at the same building. “A college campus fraternity allows provides a room of pretty girls and a kegs of free ice cold beer, what better two allies to possess in the rainstorm.”
Thian turned with a sneer and jabbed a finger at Shango. “No beer!”
“No girls!” Thianne turned and jabbed a finger at Marcus.
Ares smiled at the building. “You’re my girl, my number one girl.”
Thian back stepped with a  growl and move ahead with a sneer, shoving his upright tall body in-between Marcus and his sister, shouting out loud with a smile, “Concentrate on the teen mission, Ares.” He moved ahead with his sister leaving Marcus behind.
Shango padded beside Marcus with a smile. “What’s the mission specs, boss?”
Thian nodded at the building. “One god needs to sneak inside and located, stealing the pair of charmed sunglasses. We all cannot strut into a college fraternity house without being part of the brotherhood.”
Thianne swiftly moved ahead with a nod and a smile towards the building. “All right there! I will go and do it, too it!”
Ares gasped in alarm and dashed ahead, reaching out, grabbing her forearm and pulled Thianne back into his chest. “No! No! No! You will not, princess. Thian will go and get harmed by the brotherhood,” he laughed with Shango.
Thian spun around and winked at his sister. “I do believe that Thianne can penetrate easier …”
No! She ain't penetrating nothing, first born twin stupid brother. She ain’t going inside a building with only college men. I will go, since Thian is a chicken stew,” he laughed with Shango.
Thian slapped his chest. “I’m boss.”
“I’m bossier.” Ares removed his hands from Thianne and reached out, shoving Thian from his body with a sneer. "Get going now, chicken stew!" His girl was not visiting a fraternity house of college men even if it was an emergency of his life or his death.
Thianne scooted around and stopped in-between the two males that she loved with all her heart and her soul. “We’re creating a scene here, boys!” She turned and surveyed some of the wandering college students who were catching a glance at the pair.
Thian turned and frowned at the groups of spying college students, “I agree with Thianne,” he spun around and led the team towards a new direction. "All right! We will veer towards the water foundation and then act nature...”
“...like a group of studious college students.” Thianne laughed and moved with Ares, following her brother.
Shango dashed ahead with a smile and pulled up beside Thian, reaching over, slapping his hand in the middle chest cavity on Thian. “Thian, you better lose that Burn U college advertisement on your chest.”
Thian chuckled. “Great idea, Shango! I don't wanna start a fist fight that I must win, on purpose.” Birmingham University was currently the number one ranked football team in the nation. Thian enjoyed displaying his favorite football team name every day coming from the numerous collection of Burn U tee shirts inside his wardrobe closet in his bedroom in Birmingham.
“I don't know. I do believe that you might get your butthole whipped on by one or two of the tough-minded college men, Thian.” Marcus laughed and strolled with Thianne holding her hand.
“Shango will protect me, ain't right, man?” Thian laughed.
“Yeah, I got your front and butthole covered, bro!” Shango smiled.
“You need to exchange that crappy tee shirt for a slick business suit. Girls love a sharp dressed man, ain't that right, princess?” Ares released her hand and spun around with a smile walking backwards, walking, wiggling his hand that activated his good powers at Thian.
Thian continued to move ahead and then displayed a blinding neon green tinted Gucci designer brand suit jacket, a pair of matching trousers with a silk purple necktie without a shirt.
Shango gasped in shock and jabbed a finger at Marcus and then Thian, “How did he …?”
“Thanks for the wardrobe malfunction, Marcus!” Thian waved his index finger in the air that activated his god powers exchanging the stiff business suit into a loose and comfortable white tinted tee shirt and a pair of faded and ripped blue jeans. he continued to strut again with a smile and dropped his hand slapping his comfortable jeans, “Now, all of us need to fit in, cubs!”
Shango snapped his fingers and exchanged his clothes into a red tinted tee shirt, a pair of faded and shredded blue jeans, and a pair of black tinted Havaianas flip flops over his teen naked toes.
Ares frowned. “O! I see clearly You are heavily influenced by Balder now.”
“Stop this nonsense, ya’ll! You are attracting attention from the college student on and at us with your wild magic and loud voice.” Thianne continued to stroll ahead and scanned the open lawn.
“Don’t worry!" He spun around with a smile and hugged his girl, "I’ll protect with my life, princess.”
Thian leaned over with a sneer and thumped his rear skull on Ares, pulling back with a growl. “Concentrate on the teenly mission, Marcus! Thianne, you need to change your outfit also.”
“Okay!” She snapped her fingers while strolling with a smile and displayed a short blue jean skirt, a purple and pink striped blouse on her slender five feet and ten inches body frame. Her silver-colored hair hung down her back spine to her waistline.
Marcus stopped and turned with worry, examining her new set of clothes. “Whoa there, princess! That skirt is way too short,” he leaned over with a smile and placed his hand on the edge of her short skirt, moving his hand down while dropping the fabric hemline below her two naked ankle bones. He stood upright with a smile and stared down at the grass, where the skirt almost turned the ground, “Now, that is just right!”
“Is that Granny Hanover right, Marcus?” Shango laughed.
“Correct, Archibaldie!” He laughed.
“Ares, stop playing with my ankle bones.” She folded down and touched the long hemline, decreasing the fabric with her index finger that controlled her goddess powers, standing upright with a smile.
Marcus/Ares gasped in shock and frowned at his girl, “No, Thianne! You’re my girl, not another guy's girl. I don’t want you dressing like this.”
Shango smiled at the outfit on Thianne. “Look! This is for a good cause, my hide, Ares. Chill out, bro!”
Ares spun around with a growl and wiggled his right hand at Shango. “Then, you wear the damn short skirt and go inside that fraternity building and steal the charmed pair of sunglasses for the team, Shango.” Shango wore the same outfit on Thianne.
Shango looked down and yelped in alarm turning bright pink on his face, snapping his fingers and returned back his new clothes. He looked up and jabbed a finger at Marcus. "How did he ...?
“Enough, cubs!” Thian tossed both of his palms near his growl. “Thianne, you are it. Get going and grab the charmed sunglasses.”
Ares tossed both of his arms in the air and sneered at Thian. “No! I foreverly forbad danger to my girl.”
“She ain’t your girl, pal.” Thian moved ahead and shoved Marcus from his footpath, standing in-between Marcus and Thianne.
Thianne winked at Ares. “I have a plan.”
Thian pushed Ares away from Thianne and reached out, shoving his sister ahead towards the building. “Go, now, Sis!”
“I’m coming.” Ares spun around and dashed ahead after Thianne.
She slowly strolled ahead with a smile and snapped her finger, performing a goddess pop from the ground and her friends, disappearing in thin air without a fanfare of musical notes or loud words, or soft groans. Ares slid to a halt and gasped in alarm, standing in her spot of empty air waves and manicured green grass.
Thian moved ahead and slapped the bicep on Marcus, staring into the nose profile on the teen god. "Trust her, Marcus! As a matter of fact, you need to start trusting every one of the teen gods and goddesses, Marcus. Our very god and goddess existence depends on everyone cooperation and help.”
Marcus/Ares stared at the squat building using his god eyeballs and searching the front porch for Thianne, nodding with a stern face. “I trust Thianne and all the other teens. And I will fight to protect any god or goddess with my life.”
Shango nodded with a stern face and padded ahead standing beside Thian and Marcus in silence on top of the manicured lawn near the water fountain staring at the squat-looking building.
Thirty seconds later, Thianne popped in and landed down on the grass behind a row of tall bushes, leaning down, straightening her skirt on the opposite side of the water fountain. She stood upright with a smile and moved ahead, staring at the back spine on each one of the three teen gods, pulling up beside Marcus. “I'm back and I found it. The charmed sunglasses are a pair of Gucci designer brand mirrored aviators.”
Ares leaned over and hugged his girl, pulling back with a smile. “A pair of Gucci designer brand aviators. These are a pair of cool shades. I only got a plastic framed black tinted sunglasses. I wanna them. I will exchange my plastic frames for the real deal, this time.”
Shango laughed out loud and turned to face Marcus and Thianne. “Hello Greek geek! Each pair of sunglasses are personally programmed with your personal god DNA coming from your personal mom or dad. Do you not remember that god fact, Marcus?”
“O yeah! Right! I was brain-dead for a second.” He laughed.
Thian turned and smiled at Thianne. “Your are back, so soon, Sis. That was a really quick trip.”
Thianne smiled. “I can turn my body invisible.”
“Hold my spit!” Shango smiled.
“Do tell, Sis!” Thian grinned.
“Dainichi, she had guided me with the goddess trick.” She smiled.
Thian nodded. “That's a terrific goddess trick, Sis. Now, go invisible and pop inside the room and grab the sunglasses. Then we all go back home to Sand Mountain.”
“I can’t.” She shook her curls with disappointment.
“Why not!”
She exhaled with worry, “When your body goes invisible, your body is transparent and not a physical object anymore. So I cannot wear a single piece of clothing on my invisible body."
Ares gasped in alarm and scanned her clothes, pointing at the building. “Did you really go into that college campus fraternity house with a naked girly body.”
“Stay cool, bro!” Shango laughed out loud. Thian smiled.
She nodded. “Think about it, Ares! You are shifting each one of your air molecules into a state of invisibility. A piece of clothing does not contain a set of live molecules of life, only physical atoms.”
Shango smiled. “So, have you and your new goddess friend Dainichi been practicing your state of invisibility within a naked state of girliness too?”
Ares turned and sneered at Shango. “Do not go there, Archibald!”
“And are you doing it together or with togetherness during that same state of girly nakedness?”
“Shut up, Shango!” He lifted up his folded fist and shook at Shango sneering at the dirty mental thoughts about his girl.
Thian stepped ahead and shoved Marcus from Shango in case of teen god explosion, turning to nod at his sister. “Thianne, can you grab the pair of sunglasses and then carry them outside during your invisibility state?”
She shook her curls. “No! First, it will appear like some type of ghostly magic to the college humans. Second, , it will appear like ghostly magic as a pair of sunglasses lift up and then float through the air waves without a human hand or a human body.”
“Yeah, you cannot do that. Where is the physical location of the shades?”
She smiled. “The charmed pair of sunglasses are located inside one of the wall corners sitting on the nose bridge of a gigantic toy stuff Tyrannosaur dinosaur.”
“Okay! The shades are being wore by T-rex.” Thian nodded.
“No prob!” Marcus clapped with a smile.
Thianne frowned. “This is a major prob. There is also an active poker card game right below the dinosaur stuff toy that displays nine students.”
Shango laughed. “Are the nine students consisting of male or female body parts?”
“Do you really have to ask that particular college student question, Shango? The poker table is filled with all brass, brawn, and boldness with nine males.” Marcus slapped his arm and laughed out, “Each one is like me. So I will coast inside and join the poker card and …”
“You are not a Gamma Greek Frat boy here, Marcus.” Shango frowned.
Thian tilted his chin sideways and smiled at his twin sister. Ares gasped in alarm without mind reading Thian and scooted ahead, hugging Thianne, shaking his bone skull at her twin brother. “No! No! No! The answer is absolutely not.”
“Me thinks, the boy is in girlfriend love.” Shango laughed.
“Well, it might be a good imitation of love, anyways.” Thian chuckled.
“No! No! No!” Marcus shook his bone skull and shouted out loud at Thian while drawing a set of looks from the group of strolling students on the university campus.
He turned with a sneer and stared at the spying college student. “Shut up, Marcus!” Thian returned back and growled at the loud teen god.
“I’m not a scary cat, Ares.” She smiled.
Ares turned and smiled at Thianne. “I know that, princess. You love animals and aren’t scared of feline cats either. But those things are …”
“... loud and nasty college guys…” Shango finished the sentence that Marcus didn’t want to say.
Ares turned and sneered at Thian. “I told you before that I'm going inside and playing in the college card game, distracting the nine college bums …”
“... and start a fist fight ...” Shango nodded.
“… that Shango and I have to clean up. No go!” Thian smiled at his sister, “Thianne, she can distract the nine college guys with her beauty …”
“No way!” Marcus gasped in alarm and pulled Thianne closer into his rib cage.
Shango nodded. “When Thianne is distracting the table of poker players, we, three can enter into the Frat House and steal the shades off the T-rex. Then we pop out and finally go back home with our new treasure.”
“Do it, too it, Thianne!” Thian smiled. “But, you gotta be more seductive-looking, Sis.”
Ares gasped in shock and shook his bone skull. “No way, Thianne!”
“This is the best goddess plan that we got right now, Ares. I’ll be very careful.” She leaned over and pecked his cheekbone, pulling back with a smile, back stepping from Marcus. She wiggled her index finger on her right hand that activated her goddess powers. her clothes changed into a Guess designer brand denim mid-drift top that was unbuttoned at the bottom and a pair of low-riding Gap designer brand khaki pedal pants, a pair of Nine West designer brand tan colored platform heel. An individual Hermes designer brand golden cuff bracelet displayed on each wrist bone. A Fendi designer brand blue and white colored nylon tote bag hung from her collar bone.
Thian frowned. “You need to become more sexy, Sis.”
“No!” Marcus gasped in alarm and stared at his girl with worry.
Thianne wiggled her index finger and transformed into a long-sleeved black tinted Dior designer brand blouse silk blouse that was cut down into her belly button showing lots of her dark tinted skin and paired with a silk green Dior designer brand short skirt above her knees, a gold tinted Gucci designer brand belt around her waistline and a pair of golden tinted fashion heeled sandals with a black tinted Prada designer brand purse.
“Thianne, please!” He frowned at her new sexy look.
“Hmm! That is too sexy for the nasty college men! Try and go for a country sexy.” Thian frowned.
“Yeah! You are too sexy for me. You're giving me a heart attack, princess.” Marcus nodded with a worried face at his girl.
“Good job, Thianne! Marcus won’t be coming back with us, after his teen heart attack.” Shango laughed with Thian.
“All right!” She wiggled her index finger at her clothes and morphed into an evening outfit of  white tinted lace creating two individual clothing pieces. An off-the-shoulder mid-drift over her breasts and a pair of matching walking shorts over her legs. A pair of Gucci gold tinted flat thongs on both of her naked feet with a set of green tinted toenails. A Dior designer brand tan and white tinted shoulder purse on her collar bone and a pair of drop pearl earrings on each earlobe. She winked at her brother. “How’s this, Thian?”
“O Thianne! You are a beautiful goddess, my princess.” Marcus smiled.
“Yeah, you're a perfect goddess. Go and get them, Thianne!” Thian nodded.
Marcus dropped his face and stared down at the grass. She leaned over and lifted up his face, smiling into his eyeballs. “Are you coming to my rescue, Ares, if I need you?” He winked without words. She smiled with a nod. “Let me land down on the front steps and enter the building while moseying over and into the card game action,” Thianne leaned over and rubbed his nose profile, pulling back with a grin, back stepping from Marcus. She snapped her fingers and popped off the grass, disappearing into thin air without fanfare.
He stared down at her spot with fury, “There betta not be any action with my girl!”
Shango reached over and slapped the collar bone on Marcus. “That’s why we are standing here, bro!”
In front of the building, Thianne popped in and landed down on top of the concrete porch moving through the open archway with a smile, entering the college campus fraternity house. The standing guards of college men quickly slammed the front door shut and laughed at the priss on Thianne.
Back at the water foundation, Thian watched the front slam shut and ordered. "Now!" Each teen god snapped their fingers and popped off the grass, appearing in front of the closed door.
Thian reached out and shoved the door knocking the three silly college men down on the floor, stomping over each one of their extended hands and arms with a loud sneer. He led his two friends to the side wall in front of a row of glass book shelves inside an. The boys hustled after she closed the door.
The interior was draped in gold and maroon colors of old flags, older portraits of alumni on the walls, loud rap music, the stink of cigarettes, alcohol and other unfamiliar odors and the strange sense of baking chocolate cookies.
“I’m imitating this college atmosphere for our next class time session.” Shango smiled and scanned the college campus old house.
Thian scanned the room with a stern face and whispered his words to the other two teen gods. “What next class time session, Shango? Class has been dismissed permanently. Each one of the devas and divas will become eighteen years old next week. Each one of us will become a god or goddess adult and finally meet our parents.”
"Good point, Thian! I might go to college and join a fraternity, after I see my parents.”
Marcus stood in the middle of Thian and Shango scanning the room, spotting Thianne. She was sitting at the active poker table working the nine college students with her girly smiles and giggles. He nodded with a smile. “Yeah, I will finally get to see my parents for the first time within my conscious life. I wished that I could see and hug my mom right now.”
Thian continued to stand and viewed the new atmosphere. “I know what you mean, Marcus.”
The three teen gods stared at each dancing female college student, every tray of cold beer mugs, the active poker game feeling the college excitement within the air waves.
“I wanna a beer while we wait.” Shango stared at the tray of beer with a smile.
Thian turned and frowned at the two teen gods. “I heard your request. So, forget your request, Shango and Ares! Do you a brilliant idea of how we grab the pair of sunglasses off the tall stuffed dinosaur?”
“What do you want, big boy, tea or me?” A pretty petite girl with curly red tinted hair appeared with a smile and then rubbed her body into the rib cage on Marcus while holding a mug of cold beer in each cupped girly hand. He continued to watched Thianne and felt her soft body parts, looking down with a smile at the human female.
Thian reached over and shoved the cute girl away from Marcus. “No thanks, doll! He's trying to quit.”
“Suit yourself!” She winked at Marcus and then strolled ahead to the next cute male.
Shango stared down at the cute girl and gasped in shock. “Was that …”
“….a personal invitation? That be right, buddy!” Marcus slapped his chest with a smile.
Shango spun around with a smile and exited the front door while leaving Ares and Thian staring at side wall. Thian turned and gasped at the back spine on Shango. “What did you do to Shango, Marcus?”
Marcus laughed and stared at the closed front door with puzzlement, “Nothing, man! I did nothing to Shango. He must have a set of chick poxes or something worse.”
The front door opened and revealed a tall figure. Shango returned back into the room and strutted from the open door wearing a Hugh Boss gray tinted business suit with a pink and green colored paisley necktie, a matching pocket handkerchief and a pair of silver tinted cuff links on his new white tinted dress shirt.
Marcus laughed, “Is that you, Shango?”
Shango smiled. “Marcus is right! Chicks dig suits.”
He nodded. “The musical group ZZ Top said it best in their musical song. Every girl crazy about a sharp dressed man.” A new rap musical tune started to play from the hidden speakers inside each wall corner. Marcus started swaying side to side with the musical beat.
At the poker card table, teen goddess Thianne looked up with a gasp after hearing the new musical song and stared at the trio of teen gods, frowning at three troublemakers. She returned back and concentrated on her poker hand with a fake smile.
On the side wall, Thian continued to stand against a row of glass book shelves and whispered his words to the two teen gods, “Careful there, pal! You are going to attract too much attention at us. I see the sunglasses on top of the dinosaur. How do you or I or Shango retrieve the charmed pair?”
Another cute college girl with long brown tinted hair strolled in front of the trio, held a tray of beer bottles and then stopped posting in front of Shango. Marcus reached over and grabbed one of the beer bottles with a smile. “Thanks, my little chickadee!” Shango grabbed a beer bottle and then winked down at the human female.
She muttered in sweet tone. “Babirussa proctatresia.” The female slowly strolled down the wall handing out more beer bottles.
“I’m a babe magnet in my new business suit. Thanks for the tip Ares! Cheers!” Shango hold up the beer bottle and moved it towards his lips.
Marcus held the bottle and winked at Shango. “That hot doll didn’t call you that, man.”
“What did the cute babe say to me?” Shango stopped the mug near his lips and viewed Marcus with confusion.
“She called you a pig's butthole.” He laughed. Thian chuckled.
Shango frowned. “What did she call me?”
“Babirussa proctatresia.” He laughed.
Shango leaned over the jaw line on Marcus and chatted with Thian. “Thian, what did the hot chick say to me?”
Thian continued to scan the room while pondering an idea to retrieve the charmed pair of sunglasses, “The word babirussa means pig something. I’m not quite sure about the other English word.”
Shango stood upright and held the beer in his hand frowning at Marcus. “Spell it, Ares!”
“B...a...” Marcus laughed.
“Not that word!” Shango frowned.
“Forget it, Shango.” Thian leaned over and wiggled his index finger at each beer bottle, sending the bottle back into the local kitchen counter. Shango’s beer bottled disappeared from his cupped hand. Thian frowned. “I told both of you before. No beer!”
Marcus was turning eighteen years old within the next two solar days. Seventeen year old young teen god Thian could not compete with the super powers from a fully operational god adult like Marcus.
Marcus had also been the stronger teenager among the teen males and females, before this freak incident. Therefore, Marcus continued to hold on the bottle of beer with a smile.
“I’m fitting in. You’re cramping my college style, bro!” Shango crossed his arms and frowned at the new scene.
“Carpe diem!” Marcus chuckled with an evil smile and lifted the bottle towards his lips.
Thian sneered at his two friend, “First, we’re all underage. Second, we’re on a teenly mission. Third, I’ll send you back to the cemetery with Pele.”
Shango gasped in shock and shook his bald mound. Thian was the strongest among the teen gods and he would do that for fun.
Thian turned and sneered at the nose profile on Marcus. “Fourth, I will tattle-tail to Thianne that you have been flirting with all of the hot babe here inside the Frat House, Marcus.”
Marcus gasped in shock and looked up, staring at Thianne. She was still sitting at the poker card table with a fake smile and entertaining the college males. He ignored the god warning ad slowly lifted the bottle up towards his smiling lips.
Thian sneered. “I’m warning you here, Marcus! Do not drink that beer!”
He slurped a gulp of the yellow tinted brew and then gagged, mouth spitting the cold liquid on top of the wooden floor while coughing out loud, “It tastes like piss.”
“It is. The piss from his toilet bowl inside Shango's private bedroom.” Thian laughed. Shango gasped in alarm.
“Hey!” He continued to mouth spit his salvia down on top of the floor. Shango roared with laughter along with Thian. Marcus sneered through the clear mouth spit at Thian. "You are raw Bam U Cougar meat, bro!”
“I am greatly talented, man!” Thian leaned over the dropped bone skull on Marcus and performed a high-five hand slap with Shango. Marcus continued to gag and cough up more clear mouth spit on top of the floor.
At the poker table, Thianne looked up and frowned at the trio of teen gods.
The college student beside Thianne looked up and frowned at the trio of silly student, leaning over, bad breathing into her cheekbone. “Are those three little boys disturbing you, gorgeous?”
She faked a smile. “No, not really. The trio are just entertaining. That’s all.”
He smiled at her cheekbone. “You don’t come from around here.”
“I am from the US State of Alabama.”
He grinned. “Ah! A southern belle, how positively quaint? Are you staying long within my fair town?”
She looked down with a stern face at her card hand, “I am here visiting my cousin, who resides in one of the sorority houses down the street.”
On the side wall, Marcus continued to lean down and finished gagging and coughing up the terrible liquid, standing upright with fury, spinning around to face Thian. He drew back his fighting fist with a sneer. The beer had been changed into a disgusting liquid which smelled terrible. The beer was not a bottle of human pee, but another liquid had been chosen that resembled another non-egg birthed land mammal. “Get ready to die, Thian!”
Shango reached out with a smile and forcefully shoved with his god strength at Marcus and then away from Thian. Marcus was caught off guard from the powerful hand impact and gasped in alarm, stumbling backwards, landing on top of the poker table and smashed one of the college students inside the chair. The college male shouted out loud and shoved both of his arms tossing Marcus from his body and off the card table, slowly standing upright from the chair, spinning around and faced the two other teen gods.
Marcus flew off the table and twirled in the air, landing back down on top of the food table on the opposite side wall upsetting another poker card game and the college attendees. Marcus, food trays and the wooden table dived down and hit the floor with a loud crash. Marcus rolled to the side and then stood upright with a smile, staring at a curved line of eight college males. Each college male could have played a game of professional football displaying 300 pounds of muscle and measure of over six feet in height, sneering at Marcus, pumping a set of folding fists.
On the side wall, Marcus danced around each spilled food item and waved both of his hands near his smile. “Geez! I'm really sorry here, man.”
At the poker table, Thianne gasped in shock and slid off the chair, dashing ahead, standing beside Marcus for love and protection. Thian and Shango slithered along the side wall and turned the wall corner, racing towards Marcus, standing beside Thianne and stared at the eight large college students.
“I would accept the apology, if I were a man.” The tallest college student laughed out loud and as the four walls shook with his vibrations.
Marcus frowned at the college male. “What does that mean, moron?”
Thianne gasped in alarm and leaned over into his cheekbone. “Read his tee shirt, Ares!”
Marcus looked down and read out loud for each pair of eardrums “His white tinted tee shirt is typed in the big black bold letter: State College at Salem, Massachusetts.” He gasped in alarm. "The town of Salem had been the home with all of those nasty witch hunts. Why didn't one of my nice friends tell me so?”
“Gallows Hill! This was one of the terrible spots, where the humans had hung nineteen of my family members during the witch trials in the year 1692.” One of the other males pointed up at the row of oil portraits on each wall.
“O! Mama and daddy sees your ugly face and then remembers all of the terrible events every damn day. That's pretty cold, dude!” He laughed.
Thian gasped in fear and stared at the male warlocks. “Shut up, Marcus!”
Marcus frowned at the eight warlocks. “Why did I leave all of god toys at home?”
Shango stared at the eight warlocks also. “Because each toy contains your magical god powers. Where another supernatural entity can rob you blind or sober.”
Marcus laughed. “O yeah! Right!”
Thian shook his bone skull. “Look! The curved line of warlocks cannot kill you.” One of the long wooden food tables sailed through the air and hit the chest cavity on Marcus, tumbling backwards into the side wall from the violent impact, landing on top of the spilled food. He ruined his new business suit.
“Ares!” Thianne screamed in panic and dashed sideways, squatting down beside Marcus, reaching out and touched his collar bone with worry.
Thian continued to stand and nodded at the row of warlocks. “I stand corrected. The row of warlocks can beat and bruise your body up and sideways, Marcus,” he laughed with the warlocks.
“I hate warlocks.” Marcus slowly stood upright from the messy floor in fury and wiggled his hand, shoving two of the eight warlocks into the open archway on the side wall into the living room setting. The two warlocks plowed into an upright gigantic plasma television screen, breaking the devise, ending the college football game.
“What’s it, not a man?” One of the warlocks shouted and pointed an index finger at teen deva.
“I am Ares, the god of war!” Marcus sneered at each male. Time to teach the sub-species on the ecology ladder a few lessons in Alabama southern table manners. He lifted up both hands and cracked his knuckles.
“O! He's a deva.” Another one of the warlocks laughed at Marcus.
“I’m not an armchair, man!” Marcus swiftly advanced and plowed his fist into the jaw line on the talking warlock, producing red blood from the lips on the warlock. The warlock stumbled backwards and dropped down on top of a red leather sofa in unconsciousness.
The remaining curved row of warlocks attached Shango, Thian, and Marcus  connecting a flying fist into a bone skull or a jaw line while kicking out an extended leg at each other, breaking more of the furniture items inside the ancient house.
One of the female college students dropped down the tray of bottles and launched up from the floor, flying through the air, and then landed down in front of Thianne. She winked at the teen female. “What are you, sweet pea?”
“I’m a diva.” Thianne slapped her chest with a sneer.
"I'm a witch!" The witch laughed out loud with a nod. “She is a step-down goddess. We can take her goddess body, sisters.” A row of four college students tossed the tray of beer bottles at the three teen gods and then lifted up from the floor, flying through the air waves, and landed down beside the first witch.
Thianne moaned at the four witches. “This is not good.”
The first witch pointed at silver tinted locks, “I want all the locks of her silver hair.”
She sneered. “No, witch!”
A second witch turned and winked at Thian, “I want your twin brother.”
Thianne yelled. “No way, Hazel!”
A third turned and winked at Marcus, “I want your boyfriend.”
“No dice, ditch!” Thianne threatened.
A fourth witch winked at Thianne, “Awe! The tiny diva can’t say a single nasty curse word as she is an underage teen.”
Thianne stood upright with a smirk and parted her pink tinted lips spraying out a vertical plume of heated fire at each wooden table, the tray of food, each painted wall, and down on the floor. Each witch gasped in alarm and quickly backed away from Thianne materializing a tall canister of white tinted foam extinguishing each fire bomb inside their residential house. Each witch put out the fire and then turned with a sneer aiming the sprayer at Thianne.
“Grab the sunglasses, Sis!” Thian ordered and continued to punch the nose on the warlock blooding his hand and the male’s face.
On top of the floor, in front of the growling four pretty witches, Thianne quickly levitated up from the floor without getting doused in white foam. The spray of foam hit the side wall and covered the wall, the floor, and all of the spilled food items. She rapidly flew through the air and then stopped, reaching over, snatching off the sunglasses from the green tinted nose bridge on toy dinosaur. Chunks of broken furniture pieces and trays of food soared back and forth across the ceiling, the floor, and air waves.
On top of the floor, Marcus tossed one of the warlocks into the wall. Shango ducked down with  laughter. The warlock plowed into the sitting furniture.
Thian tossed the warlock against the marble fireplace, hitting his forehead into the hard mineral, knocking the warlock unconscious. He stood upright and exhaled with annoyance, spreading his arms to the side even with the floor space, yelling out loud with his newest god talent. “Freeze!” The fighting motion stopped and as each witch and warlock stood in place while grunting and snorting at the teen god.
Thian dropped down both of his hands down to his legs and nodded with a smile, “Yeah! This is much better. Enough of the fighting, cubs! We're leaving right now.”
Thianne flew backwards through the air waves and spun around, landing down in front of the closed door. She opened the door and disappeared into the sunshine, racing ahead into the manicured grass, exiting out from the warlock and witch's force field. She continued to ran and snapped her fingers, popping her body from the grass and then landed back home in the US State of Alabama.
Inside his house, on top of the messy floor, the leader of the warlocks continued to stand upright within the frozen state from the talented god powers with a set of stationary blood on his busted chin bone. Each blue shadow from a moving god formed within his two shiny black tinted eye socket. He growled at each god. “Don’t ever come back here, again, gods!”
“Don't worry! We won’t ever.” Thian continued to stand and nodded with a grin to leader of the warlocks.
Marcus moved ahead with laughter towards the open archway. “Chill, out, man! It was really fun. I only wounded his pride and his ego and his cheekbone and his jaw line …”
“I curse you.” Another stationary warlock mouth spit his salvia through his parted lips within the frozen state with a his magical incantation.
Marcus flipped up his hand and nodded with a smile, “Yeah! Yeah! Go and talk to my daddy!”
The stationary witch mouth spit his salvia through her parted lips within the frozen state that echoed into the eardrums on Marcus. “Beware, honey! His father could …”
Marcus halted with a gasp and spun around, staring at the stationary witch. “Do you really know my biological god dad?” She sneered in the affirmative. Marcus looked back over his collar bone and gasped to Thian while pointing with a bloody finger at the witch. “Hey! The witch really knows my dad, Thian.”
“No! She lies. Move it, Marcus!” Thian moved ahead with a sneer and shoved the back spine on Marcus shuffling both of them across the open floor.
Marcus yelled out loud at the witch. “Hey! Is my biological god father really the war god Ares?”
He moved ahead and reached back, grabbing the earlobe on Marcus, pulling his friend through the archway. “We are heading back him, Marcus!”
Marcus waved both of his arms in the air and yelled back at the witch, “Hey! Wait! I wanna talk to the witch some more. She has all of the answers that I seek, Thian!”
Thian dragged Marcus and then they both exited out from the building for their safety. After Thian exited from the building proper, his frozen god power vanished. Then each witch and warlock loaded onto their personal broom stick and appeared on top of the rooftop, blasting their broom sticks up in the air into the bright rays of sunshine and vanished into an array of tiny dots within the pale light blue sky.
Thian and Marcus stopped on top of the grass and each one snapped their fingers and popped off the grass at the local college, disappearing from the air waves in the city of Salem and then returned back home to Sand Mountain.
CHAPTER SEVEN




Same calendar date but different American city and time zone...

City of Lexington within the US State of Virginia
     (three miles, west, from Lexington)

03:33:34 pm (Eastern Time Zone, USA)

Cemetery setting
Parted sunlight with a slight breeze
Grove of shady trees at 75° Fahrenheit


The third group of teens included Pele, Mithras, Lugh, and Dainichi. Each teen popped down on top of the tall weeds inside the middle of a human cemetery grave site within the US State of Virginia. The outline of the landscape was blanketed in warm and inviting green leaves covering the soil ground, rows of plant bushes, tall trees, and row of vertically upright tomb markers.
On top of the weeds, Lugh scanned the new landscape and twisted his Old Navy designer brand black tinted turtleneck skirt within his two hands with nervousness. The sweater was paired with a set of Versace designer brand pin-striped black tinted trousers, a pair of Kenneth Cole designer brand black tinted leather tie shoes. He continued to scan the creepy graveyard and dropped down his Salvadore Ferragmo designer brand beige business briefcase. He jumped up in the air and landed down on top of the granite tomb stone, screaming out loud. “Yikes! This place is covered in green tinted poison ivy.” Lugh continued to scan the ground only and snorted with frustration.
Pele stood beside Mithras and wore a pair of Hugh Boss designer brand leather brown tinted walking shorts, a Vera Wang designer brand green tinted sleeveless silk blouse, and a pair of Sergio Rossi designer brand purple tinted open-toed wedge fashion heels. Her back spine displayed a gold and black colored Kate Spade designer brand tote bag for the new set of mobile telephones. “Leaves of three, let it be! Leaves of four, have some more!” She slowly stepped closer towards some of the green leaves moving towards the first tomb stone, strolling to the first plant. “The vegetation that covers all of the tombstones, the entire ground soil and the grove of trees is called the Virginia Creeper plants.”
“The whole place gives me the creeps.” Dainichi continued to stand in-between Lugh on top of the tombstone and Mithras, pressing down a United Colors of Benetton designer brand tea-length dress with blue, purple, and yellow flowers down her waistline and then adjusted a Matthew Campbell Laurenza designer brand sterling silver tinted collar band with stones in red, yellow, pink, blue and yellow hue around her naked throat, checking each solid silver tinted ball earring. She looked down and counted each chucky Bulgari designer brand bangles on both of her arms that numbered twenty-three, an odd number. She wondered if the math number was unlucky.  She reached down and adjusted her Oscar de la Renta designer brand sequined evening clutch underneath her arm pit while staring down at the greenery.
“I’m creeped out.” Lugh frowned down at the ground.
Mithras stood like statue with his warrior skills slicing his pair of blue eyes side to side for any unexpected intruder within his vacancy. He wore an Oakley designer brand dark blue hoodie and exhibited both of his naked hands inside the front pockets. A Hugh Boss designer brand backpack flapped against his pair of faded and ripped Calvin Klein designer brand blue jeans. He wore a pair of Louis Vuitton designer brand brown colored leather ankle boots. “You are a creep, who is creped out.” He laughed at his silly humor.
Pele stopped and stood in front of the tombstone, reaching down, plucking a leaf from the stem, holding one in each hand. “This leave belongs to a rambling creeping ivy from the vine family of Vitaceae that grows in most parts of America which is called woodbine or ivy. Feel it!” She extended her hand to Lugh, “The tendrils end in a tiny disk which sticks to the surface of anything as it creeps onto and it even holds its integrity up towards ten years of exposure with all sorts of weather and the weights ten pounds. This tiny leaf can easily be mistaken for the itching poison ivy. But this leaf holds five leaflets, not three.” She lifted up the leaf and ate the item chewing with a smile. “Plants are high in fiber.” She nodded to each teen. Mithras and Lugh laughed.
“You’re a very disturbing goddess girl.” Dainichi slowly moved ahead from each tombstone with a sour frown.
“You got a wet wit and dry sense of humor, Pele. I wished that Shango was here to see your leaf performance.” Mithras slowly moved ahead over the ground and laughed out loud.
“Do our business and leave outta of here!” Lugh continued to stand on top of the tombstone and frowned at Pele.
“You mean fly off the leaf from the Virginia Creeper leaves.” Mithras laughed.
Dainichi frowned and scanned the woodlands. “What is place, Pele? Where are we located?”
Pele moved ahead and scanned the land. “We are three miles behind the Virginia Military Institute in the city of Lexington within the US State of Virginia.”
Mithras nodded. “This is an ancient Civil War cemetery of lost soldiers.”
Pele nodded. “Yes, this cemetery landscape is actually pre-dated before the Native American Indians from the Occanneechi tribes within the Roanoke River region.”
He nodded. “The first Europeans, who had settled here within the present day US State of Virginia had been a group of Spanish Jesuits from the year 1570 and resided on the York River and then the Spanish Jesuits community had been wiped out by Native American Indian tribe of the Occanneechi, a few months later.”
“Very good, Mithras!” She smiled.
“I read.”
She giggled, “Unlike Ares.”
Mithras defended his buddy. “He reads ...”
“... only girly magazines. They really are ...” Lugh laughed and dropped down from the tombstone, landing down on top of the harmless leaves, slowly moving ahead with a smile.
“Thanks, Lugh! We are girls too.” Pele huffed out loud with annoyance.
Lugh smiled. “You are not all of these sexy girls inside his magazines.”
She sneered and stared at the lonely building in front of her face. “Keep right on insulting me, Lugh! Then you will find that your short person won’t have any use for a sexy girl within any male capacity.”
Lugh frowned. “I…”
Mithras stopped with a sneer and spun around, shaking his bone skull at the short male. “Don’t upset the goddess of fire, ever and never and foreverly!” He laughed and spun back around, slowly padding ahead with a smile following behind Pele. “Get this all done and beat it from here!”
Lugh nodded with the good advice and continued to move ahead in silence.
In front of the other teens, Pele continued to walk ahead and whipped out the Voodoo doll of Ares from her backpack, holding the object in front of her face. A green tinted beam poured out and soared directly into the lone building entering the closed door. She smiled. “The church ahead holds each treasured item.”
Lugh continued to move ahead and stared at the building. “What kind of church holds an ancient museum?”
Pele nodded. “The first USA Federal Government warehouse for pieces of junk coming from the first representative legislature here in America, the House of Burgesses formed in the year 1619 and had been presided over by Governor George Yeardley. The governor and council voted to send all of the physical material possessions starting with the formal settlers from the village of Jamestown and afterwards to here for permanent storage.”
Mithras frowned at the building, “So, are the individual mobile telephones for each god and goddess located there inside that old church building, Pele?”
She smiled. “Yes, and more junk to sort through also!”
Lugh smiled. “The history of the telephone had been invented by Benjamin Franklin.”
She frowned. “Benjamin Franklin invented the currents of active electricity.”
Dainichi smiled. “Thomas Jefferson did the telephone.”
“Ben Franklin is the real answer here.” Pele laughed.
Lugh grinned. “Benjamin Franklin was born here and is buried here.”
“Benjamin Franklin was born in the city of Boston within the US State of Massachusetts in the year 1706.”
Lugh frowned. “O!”
“Somebody had failed their American history tests.” She laughed.
Lugh laughed. “I’m a modern man, not an ancient girl. Isn't that right, Mithras?”
“Whatever, dude!” Mithras continued to walk over the ivy leaves while ignoring the teen banter, concentrating on the mission. Pele and Mithras both skidded to a halt.
Lugh bounced off the backpack on Mithras and back stepped with a sour frown. “Holy snot!”
Dainichi stopped with a gasp and pointed at the building as each one of her bangles jingled. “I see rows of he-ghosts and she-ghosts on top of their tombstone, staring back at me.”
Pele shouted out loud and lifted both of her arms, nodding with a smile. “Hello! Attention all ghosts, ghouls, wraiths, poltergeists, and other haunted, who are possessed as an unlucky soul. We are only crossing over your territory and walking towards the church. That is all!” Each ghost appeared as a farmer or a wife of a farmer from the year 1690 displaying a pair of crossed arms and shook each bone skull at each god and goddess.
Mithras moved ahead and stood beside Pele, staring at the ghosts. “Can they talk to us?”
Pele continued to stand and frowned at the ghost. “I do not believe think so. We don’t talk on their universal wave length.”
“How about using a mobile telephone?” Lugh nodded with a smile and whipped out his personal mobile telephone, tossing the item in the air, landing it down into the cupped hand on the first he-ghost. The he-ghost lifted up and held the phone near his ghostly earlobe, staring with a nod at Pele.
Pele took out her personal mobile telephone and placed the item next to her earlobe, nodding to the he-ghost in use of the human item. She dialed the telephone number for Lugh with a smile and listened to the ringing tone. Then the tone connected to air space. She yelled out loud into the hidden speaker. “Hello, designated leader of the ghosts!”
Hello!
“We are moving across your property and heading towards the church.”
No!
“Come on, scout! We are a team of gods and goddesses, supernatural creatures too. We do not mean you any harm.”
Harmed done! Go home!
She slapped her chest, “We are not human either.”
“Don’t tell them that!” Lugh frowned with fear.
The he-ghost spoke into the human mobile telephone: You are different from us and the humans that visit here. Go home!
“Let’s come back later tomorrow night.” Dainichi continued to stand and laughed at each ghost.
Pele shook her curls. “We cannot fail here. Each god and goddess needs a mobile telephone to defend their god or goddess person against you know who.”
“How are we going to get passed the goon patrol?” Lugh frowned at each ghost.
“Can you perform a teleport from here into the building?” Mithras nodded.
Pele cut off the telephone link. The he-ghost dropped her phone down on the grass without disappearing off his grave stone. She frowned. “No! I cannot pass through their mesopause.” She shook her curls and stared at each ghost.
“They don’t have menopause. The souls are all dead.” Lugh retorted.
“Someone had failed their science tests also.” Pele chuckled with Mithras.
“And their high school health class also. A male does not get menopause, Foot stool.” Mithras laughed.
Pele smiled. “Here is a quickie science lesson for the day, Lugh. The troposphere is the lowest atmospheric layer which is closest to the Earth plane. The troposphere is where the nasty thunder storms and sheets of rain fall. Within the tropopause, there comes the stratosphere and then the stratopause, the mesosphere, the mesopause, the thermosphere, the ionosphere and finally the exosphere.” She pointed up into the clouds and then smiled at the pale blue sky.
“You know the exosphere as the heavenly plane.” Mithras smiled at the rows of ghosts.
Lugh smiled. “Wow! Does their territory go all the up there …”
“… into the pearly gates and then stops inside heaven.” Pele smiled.
“O! No wonder the unlucky souls are a gang of angry un-natural beings that live here inside an ancient cemetery.” Lugh laughed.
“What now? What are you going to do now, Pele?” Dainichi exhaled with annoyance.
“When I reach the math number of three, each one of us will quickly levitate a ground body from the leaves and then swiftly fly straight ahead above the tree tops?” Pele pointed up at the clouds after formulating a plan of action for getting off the cemetery and inside the churches to retrieve each mobile telephones for every teen.
“What are you going to do, Pele? I wanna help too.” Mithras nodded at the ghosts.
“Very well! I’m going to create an electric field.” Pele informed.
“I don’t understand. You need a charge particle.”
She slapped her chest, “I am a conductor that transmits currents of live electricity.”
Mithras leaned down and smiled into her cheekbone. “O! I understand. You are the one that has been starting and ending all of those white tinted smoke signals within the dark woodlands.”
“Sh! How can you see that?” She gasped in alarm.
“At night time, when you are supposed to be asleep, too, Pele.”
She smiled. “Why didn’t you come out and investigate the floating smoke signals?”
He frowned. “No way! Not with Satan’s Grandmother running around loose and unbound around our farm, maybe.”
“Yeah! You're right! But I have been practicing my electricity currents and I am perfect.” She smiled.
“Let’s see your stuff!” Mithras smiled.
Pele slowly moved ahead with a smile and away from Mithras. “Watch this!” She spun around and smiled at Lugh and Dainichi. “On the math number of three, everyone jump. Get ready!”
Lugh frowned and pointed at the first he-ghost. “What about my personal mobile phone?”
She shook her curls. “Forget it, Lugh!”
He continued to point at the he-ghost that stood in front of the phone, “Hey! That is my personal mobile telephone!”
“Geez! When you get home, materialize you a new one, Lugh.”
He shook his bone skull. “I can’t do that with my limited god powers. My adoptive mom gave me that particular mobile telephone.”
She nodded. “Stop whining, Lugh! When I get back home, I’ll get you a new mobile telephone. How’s that, Lugh? Are you happy now?”
“I want a brand new mobile telephone that accesses my email, the internet, with touch screen and a tiny keypad and GPS navigation and a MP3 music and a video MP4 playback and a RDS radio receiver, alarms, memo recording, PDA functions, video download, video calling, built-in camera with autofocus and flash, ringtones, games, PTT and …”
“Fine, Lugh!” She laughed.
“I want the 5G technology on my new mobile telephone too.” Lugh smiled.
“Quiet over there and down there, dude!” Mithras sneered.
Dainichi frowned. “You are getting a new mobile telephone here inside the church museum.”
Lugh frowned. “That is a play phone for playing with all of the bad guys. I need a true phone.”
“Hush, Lugh!” Pele nodded.
Balder spun around and frowned at Lugh. “Hold the cell phone, Foot stool! Who do you call on your personal mobile telephone?”
“People?” Lugh nodded.
“What people?”
“My friends ...”
Mithras laughed. “Okay! We are not your friends. Who are your friends that you call?”
Lugh nodded. “Back in the US State of Maine, I have girl back there. I talk to her all the time when I’m not being haunted by ghosts or chased by JANES or wanted by Satan’s Grandmother.”
He laughed with the other teens, “Okay, little man! Congrats, Lugh!”
Lugh smiled. “Thanks.”
Pele nodded to each teen. “Listen up here! After each one of us jumps up from the leaves and hovers above the tree lines, you must help me close up each tree canopy that is covered by Virginia Creepers plants going down into the ground. I am going to create a single fluid strand of electricity.”
Lugh shouted out loud. “You were right about that diva of fire thing, Mithras.”
Mithras smiled. “Way right, dude!”
Pele continued. “I will use a set of static electricity and capture each ghost in place, until each one of us finishes our important teenly job for the other teens.”
Mithras nodded. “You generate a static charge, after combing your hair briskly on a dry day. Your hair strands become positively charged and the comb is negatively charged which makes your hair crackle in sound. By walking on top of the rug carpet, you get zapped by touching the brass door knob.”
“Ouch!” Lugh laughed.
Pele informed. “I will apply direct voltage down on the telephone. So, the mobile telephone becomes positively charged and each ghosts will become negatively charged. If they touch each other …”
Lugh asked. “Can ghosts touch each other?”
She nodded. “I do think so. If they touch each other …”
“Shocker!” He laughed.
“Right!” She smiled and spun around viewing the ghosts, who were arguing over the single metal equipment which was better than expected. The gang of ghosts were producing numerous tiny flashes of blue lights as each positive electron slammed into the negative ones. She didn’t want to harm any of the ghosts, but the individual mobile telephones were needed to save all of her teen friends. “Four!” Pele shouted out loud.
Each teen wiggled their particular body part and shot up from the ivy leaves, hovering in the air above each tree top. Pele pointed down her right hand and wiggled her two digits, creating a red tinted beam that flowed down at Lugh's personal mobile telephone. Each ghost yelped in voice and jumped away from the exploding human tool.
Pele, Lugh, Dainichi and Mithras wiggled their body part and stretched each tree canopy over the four corners within the cemetery that appeared like a blanket cage with green tinted Virginia Creepers plants.
Pele smiled. “We are done! Thanks to all you, guys! Now, hustle your air-borne body into the church.”
“The ghosts can break out of their trapped leaf cage at anytime.” Mithras understood the theory and wiggled his middle finger, flying through the air waves towards the church grounds.
“They don’t know that. By the time they figure it out, we will be long gone from here.” She flew ahead and laughed out loud, landing down on the ground soil first in front of the church.
The church structure displayed an A-frame that exposed rotten wooden planks and a broken tall steeple hanging down over the tin rooftop. The structure was also covered in the Virginia Creeper plants. The front porch was missing numerous wooden planks exposing the clay dirt underneath each cracked seam of wood. All the lovely stained glass windows were board up with plywood wood and covered in a set of black tinted iron bars that were decorated with more green tinted blanket of tree ivy. The ivy vine covered the closed door and was padded lock with a gleaming gold requiring a door key for entrance.
Each teen landed on the other side of Pele. Lugh landed last on top of the ground beside Dainichi and frowned at the building. “And here I stand. And I thought the grave site was really creepy.”
“Get in and get out!” Pele moved ahead towards the front porch on the church. “Anyone’s compliment on the front door!”
“Got it!” Mithras wiggled his middle finger and activated his god powers using his god kinesis, firing at golden pad. The lock burned and then slid off the door knob, hitting the dirt with a loud thud. The door shifted opened from the slight breeze stirring within the woodlands.
“Simon said …” Mithras entered the open archway and disappeared inside the new building. Pele, Lugh, and Dainichi followed the back spine on Mithras, without comments.
The foyer space presented in pitch black dark without a lamp or a burning candle or rays of sunlight that did not illuminate each dirty gray tinted wall. A tiny flashlight emitted from two active mobile telephones while surveying each wall.
Pele reached over and slapped her hand onto the dirty wall. The wall brightened up like a lighted candle.
Mithras spun around and smiled at the lighted wall, “What is that called, Pele?”
“This is called hand painting.” She giggled. “I gave the solid wall some of my personal electrons which in turn are reflected off the dirty white.” She slowly moved ahead of the team and left behind her bright  hand print that lighted up each wall padding ahead down the hallway towards a center room. “Follow me! I will light up the way.” She chuckled with the other teens.
Mithras continued to survey the other walls with the flashlight from his personal mobile telephone and followed at the back spine on Pele first. “This is totally cool, Pele!”
Lugh moved ahead next and Dainichi padded last in the vertical line in silence.
At the end of the hallway, the team of gods and goddesses stopped and stared at the forward wall. viewing a row of closed wooden doors.
Lugh smiled. “I see twelve different doorways. So which one do we pick?”
Pele whipped out the Voodoo doll of Ares and held it in front of her face. The green tinted beam soared through the air waves and targeted the correct wooden door. She smiled. “Ares says door number five is the correct one.” Mithras moved ahead and opened the targeted door. The green tinted ray entered into a new room.
The new room displayed fifty feet in height and fifty feet in width with a twenty foot ceiling that exhibited white walls that was not covered in ivy leaves or ground dirt. On each wall and covered within the middle of the room, numerous row of tall and lean glass curios stood side by side within the tiny room where only one person could scoot between the small space much less four different body types. Inside each glass curios, rows of numerous and different types of telephones.
Lugh frowned. “Which door do we pick now?”
Pele pointed at the first glass curio. “First task, we must remove the glass window on each curio.” The sound echoed loudly with a small creak and then a loud crash. Each glass window splintered, and then shattered falling down onto the rotten wooden floor. Pele gasped in shock and yelled out loud at the broken glass that laid over the floor. “Not by force, but by magic, you gods!” She spun around and screamed at the two male teens.
“Twofer!” Mithras moved ahead from the entrance wall with a smile and tossed both of his arms in the air while nodding down at the broken glass, dropping down both of his hands, slapping his legs.
Lugh moved ahead from the entrance wall and surveyed the different telephone in silence.
Pele exhaled with annoyance and lifted up the Voodoo doll of Ares, “The doll will direct a green tinted light at each charmed  mobile telephone for each god and goddess.” The green tinted beam pointing at the first telephone. “There is one. Do you see the steady stream of green light.”
“Wow! Come over here and look at this, Mithras!” Lugh stopped and stood in front of one open curios, waving his hand, yelling at his male god.
On the entrance wall in front of the white wall with the opened doorway, Dainichi stood beside Pele and crossed her arms in annoyance as her jewelry rattled around her arms in her eardrums. She frowned. “Why did you pick them for our teenly crew, Pele?”
“I felt sorry for them.” Pele giggled and continued to hold the doll  in front of his face.
She frowned. “Why did you feel sorry for us?” Dainichi moved ahead to the first targeted phone and opened the mouth on the backpack from Pele.
Lugh waved his hand and yelled out loud. “Dainichi, come over here and look at this old stuff!”
Pele smiled. “Credit for the creation of the telephone …”
“... goes to Alexander Graham Bell,” Lugh smiled.
Pele continued to hold the doll at each tagged telephone. “Actually, the invention of the telephone is disputed between Innocenzo Manzetti, Antonio Meucci, Johann Philipp Reis, and Elisha Gray and Thomas Edison. Alexander Graham Bell had been the first person awarded the telephone patent.”
“Are you really postulating that guy got rich first?” Dainichi smiled and picked up the next glowing telephone.
Lugh smiled. “Pele said this is a museum. This place is really a museum with real but dead telephones. There are hundreds of telephones in here. Why is that?” He spun around with a grin and pointed at the weird telephone which appeared like an ancient kitchen blender used within a house.
Pele followed Lugh's finger and then smiled, “That ancient kitchen blender is an original Alexander Graham Bell telephone with a hand-cranked generator.”
Lugh nodded at the weird telephone. “Wow! Is that really the first telephone that had been created by Alexander Bell? How does it work?”
“I don’t know.” Mithras continued to move around the room.
“What were the first words that Bell spoke onto his new phone?” Lugh laughed.
“I don’t know.”
Lugh shouted out loud. “Bell was on the eastern side in his house while his assistant Watson was located on the western side of the same house. Bell connected the harmonic and yelled out loud. “Elementary, my dear, Mr. Watson!”
Mithras laughed. “That expression was spoken by fictional character police detective Sherlock Holmes, Foot stool!”
Pele smiled. “Bell was about to test his new transmitter while Watson waited inside the other room. Bell spilled a spry of acid on his pants and shouted out loud into the phone. ‘Mr. Watson, come here. I want you!’ Watson rushed into the other room announced that he had heard every word out of the equipment, hence the invention of the first successful telephone.”
“O!” Lugh frowned.
“I do believe that some short teen male god needs go back into middle school.” She laughed.
Lugh roamed around the room and stopped in front of another strange telephone, “What is this?”
She looked around the upright doll at the new item. “Those are varied types of professional business phones.”
“For working people, not like you, Lugh.” Mithras continued to stroll around the room and told.
“I work too.” Lugh frowned.
“Work at annoying me, Lugh!” Pele frowned.
“Good! I’m doing my job.” Lugh chuckled. “What is this?”
She leaned over the doll again. “That is an Olivetti rotary dial phone which was built around the 1940s.”
“Come over here and touch it, man!” Lugh pointed down at the telephone with a smile.
Pele continued to hold up the doll as the green tinted ray touched each telephone. When the beam hit the marked telephone, the telephone glowed in bright green hue for one of the gods or goddesses. Dainichi continued to move around the tiny room and reached the next telephone, placing it down into the backpack in silence.
“Don’t touch the pieces, Lugh!” Pele frowned at the troublesome twins.
Mithras stopped and stood beside Lugh, reaching down and touched the telephone. Nothing happened. He chuckled out loud and moved ahead, scanning each type of telephone in silence.
Lugh laughed and shuffled ahead, stopping at the new funny looking telephone, “What is this?”
Pele looked at Lugh and then the telephone. “That is an ancient British telephone. The body is white colored. Each receiver is colored in red or blue or yellow or black or gray …”
“...like a taxi cab.” Mithras smiled.
Lugh shuffled again and stopped at the next funny looking telephone, “What’s this?”
Pele frowned at the ancient telephone. “That is called a 500 series rotary ancient AT and T telephone that resided within every home. The hue of dark black was only color made.”
“Here is one. It is in pink hue.” Mithras chuckled.
“Touch it, Mithras!” Lugh moved ahead and stopped, standing beside Mithras, staring down at the pink tinted telephone.
“No!” He frowned and continued to shift to the row of .
“What’s this?” Lugh asked.
“That is a Taiwan box phone in ugly puke green color.” Pele frowned as Dainichi continued to pick up the glowing telephones.
“I found a cute bear-shaped telephone for a little kid!” Lugh smiled.
“Here is a clown designed telephone for a silly adult.” Mithras pointed down at each ancient telephone with a smile and continued to move ahead to the next object. “This telephone displays a Mickey Mouse base.”
Lugh sung out loud. “Mickey mouse. Donald duck. Mickey mouse. Donald duck. Da. da. da. da. da. da. da. da...”
“This is a Fisher Price toy telephone in the colors of red, white, blue and yellow. This is a little kid’s pull telephone that goes over the floor.” Mithras had received the same model as a child from his adoptive parents.
“Touch it, Deva!” Lugh continued to stroll ahead and laughed down at the next telephone.
“You come and touch it, Foot stool.” Mithras frowned.
Lugh appeared and stood in front of the toy telephone, reaching down, touching it. He yelled out loud with a smile. “Do you see me? I am still a man.” He tossed both of his arms in the air and then dropped them down slapping his legs.
“You’re a deva.” Pele laughed.
“You're a footstool.” Mithras laughed.
Lugh moved ahead and then stopped, pointing down at the ancient telephone. “Wow! This is a CB radio microphone." He picked up the microphone and spoke into the  devise. "Breaker! Breaker! This is the bandit. Smokey on patrol on Highway 11. Over!”
Mithras stopped with a smile and picked up the new object in green hue, “Wow! This is a walkie-talkie," He spoke into the devise. "Forest rangers, come in and report to Smokey Bear's den at 1300 hours!”
Lugh passed the telephone and sung out loud the theme sing. “Hey! This is a Batman telephone. Na. Na. Na. Na. Na. Na. Batman!” He  moved ahead with loud laughter towards the next telephone.
Mithras continued to play with the green colored walkie-talkie communication phone. “Hello, Batman! This is Commissioner Gordon. Help me, please!” He laughed and dropped down the devise moving ahead to the next telephone.
“This is a girly pink tinted telephone over here.” Lugh stopped and reached down with a smile, slowly stroking the top of the telephone with his index finger. The telephone did not heat on his flesh as he already possessed his god weapon which was hidden inside his bedroom in Sand Mountain.
“O!” Mithras stopped with a frown and stood behind Lugh, staring down at the telephone.
“Pick it up, Mithras!” Lugh continued to stroke the cute telephone.
“No.” Mithras frowned down at the pink girly phone.
Lugh laughed. “Yeah! This is your personal body shield. I can feel it!”
“No! This is not my personal telephone. The phone is pink colored. It belongs to Pele or Dainichi or Thianne or another goddess girl, not me. I am a god man. Both of them need a body shield too.”
Lugh laughed. “Touch it!”
Mithras frowned. “No!”
In front of the entrance wall, Pele scooted around the doll and frowned the two non-workings teens gods and then the new telephone. “That is a 1950 AT and T princess telephone for a girl, not a guy, Lugh.”
Lugh lifted up the handle near his smile. “Calling all princesses! Report to Ares!”
Mithras frowned. “That's not a funny statement, dude!”
Lugh told. “Ares would appreciate my witty humor.”
“You possess a set of sick humor. Marcus only has eyeballs for Thianne.”
Pele leaned over and frowned at the telephone in front of Lugh. “That is a 1882 ancient hand crank wall phone that had been used by the pioneers.”
Lugh held the hand receiver into his ear and turned the small lever, lifting the mouthpiece into his lips. “May I please speak to Miss Laruen Engels, ma’am!” Mithras moved ahead and laughed out loud. Lugh dropped down the hand receiver back on the telephone and moved ahead with laughter and stopped at the next weird looking telephone.
Pele frowned at the devise. “That is a 1919 candlestick dial phone.”
Lugh picked up the receiver and hollered out loud, “Don’t jump out the window, because Wall Street crashed, Ernie.”
She frowned. “Lugh, the crash of Wall Street had occurred in the year 1929, not the year 1919.” Lugh moved ahead with a smile and pointed down at the next telephone. She nodded. “That is a 300-model black tinted rotary desk phone from the year 1939. Do not touch it!”
“Why not!” Lugh moved ahead and left the telephone with loud laughter.
She exhaled with annoyance and continued to hold the doll. The green tinted ray slowly scanned each telephone around the room. She frowned. “I am sick and tired of your demented humor and all of your dead wrong history facts.”
Dainichi slowly moved ahead to the next glowing telephone for one of the teens. “How come you know so much, Pele?”
“I read.” Pele frowned at the back spine on Lugh.
Lugh danced down the aisle and passed each telephone with a smile. "I read also ..."
“... each one of Marcus’s comic books.” Mithras laughed.
Pele nodded. “I had studied the different types of telephone, before we had popped in here hoping to get a better understanding of the type of hardware.”
“What do you think, so far?” Mithras smiled.
She laughed. “I do believe that Lugh needs to go back and study out of his elementary and middle school academic lessons much more.”
Lugh stopped and stood in front of the weird telephone. “What’s this one, Pele?”
Pele nodded. “That is a wooden type hand-cranked wall telephone that was invented in the year 1900 here within the USA.”
“She’s smart.” Dainichi stood in place and watched the two teen gods.
“She’s a smart asset for our team.” Mithras smiled.
Lugh stopped and pointed down at the telephone with a smile. Pele exhaled with annoyance at Lugh, “That is a standard gray tinted public telephone …”
“... stolen from the local gas station,” Lugh laughed and moved ahead down the next aisle of telephones.
Mithras stopped and pointed down at the devise. “Hey! This is a piece from a blue tooth.”
Lugh pointed down at each devise with laughter. “This is a Motorola beeper and then a portal GPS device and then a portal computer Ipad and finally a computer game Xbox. Well, I’m taking the game box.”
Pele screamed out loud with annoyance at Lugh. "No, Lugh!"
He frowned down at the item. “Well, I guess that I will get one when I return back home,” Lugh reached and grabbed the Android Smartphone, “Can I keep this one, Pele?”
“No!” She shook her curls and continued to hold the doll in front of her face. The green tinted beam slowly tapped each telephone to determine if it was a god or a goddess weapon.
“Pretty please! I’ll be a good master to my new smart phone. I promise, Pele!” Lugh cradled the modern day mobile telephone into his breast like a baby with tenderness.
“No!” She sneered.
Dainichi frowned at Lugh. “Pop one for yourself back at home, Lugh.”
Lugh frowned and continued to hold the smart phone. “I don’t have the god range power. So, I want this one instead.”
“Put it back!” Pele sneered.
“No!” Lugh shouted out loud. Pele released one hand and wiggled both of her digits, an index finger and a middle finger creating out a red tinted beam that hit the butthole on Lugh. He yelled out loud and dropped the phone down on the floor. “Ouch! That hurt my body, Pele!” He spun around and stuck his tongue at Pele.
She laughed. “Then, act like a god, not a goober! Geez!”
Lugh spun back around and strolled ahead, stopping at the next telephone, laughing at the item. “Which one is this?”
Dainichi stood in place and spotted a new item, moving ahead, frowning down at the glowing telephone. “Pele, would it not be faster to pick each telephone up and see if it transforms quickly into a helmet?” She stopped and picked up the pager which was very large within her tiny palm, placing it down into the backpack.
“No! You, me, he, and he cannot activate each charmed telephone for an absent god or goddess.” Pele shook her head and watched the green tinted beam coming from the Voodoo doll of Ares.
Dainichi stood in place and scanned the room watching the slow-moving beam. “How long will we be beaming inside here?”
She frowned. “We have found five telephones, so far. We only have three more telephones to go. Hang onto your ponytail, Dainichi!” Pele laughed.
Dainichi frowned at two teen boys who continued to goof off without working. “This is so boring.”
Pele continued to hold the doll. The green tinted beam slowly scanned an assortment of telephones. Lugh stopped at the next telephone and pointed down at the object. She frowned. “That's a 1954 retro orange tinted rotary style phone that came in multiple colors for the telephone customer.”
Lugh waved his hand in the air with a smile. “I knew that. This is a 1968 trim line telephone with a set of pressing buttons on the handset.” He moved ahead and jabbed a finger down at each item. “Blackberry 1999. Blackberry, 2002. Blackberry 2004.”
Mithras continued to scoot around the room and studied each funny looking telephone. “Just say numerous blackberries of different sizes and models.”
Pele frowned. “Boys, you need to stroll around the room and pick up the glowing telephones, not the dead ones.”
“Yes ma’am.” Mithras laughed without obeying Pele.
Lugh moved ahead to the new telephone and stopped with a smile, pointing down at the new telephone. “Hey! Look over here at the pretty rose painted girly telephone.”
Pele nodded. “That is an antique replica French porcelain telephone.”
Lugh danced side to side and laughed out loud, tossing both of his arms in the air, singing out loud with a smile. “Ooh! La! La!” He completed the circle and reached down, grabbing the telephone, starting to twirl his body and the phone in a circle. But the pretty girly telephone swirled to the other side.
Mithras appeared beside Lugh with a sneer and reached out, grabbing at the telephone, before it hit the wooden floor. He screamed out loud in pain and looked down, seeing the telephone and a set of burning palms. The heat slowly crawled up his forearm and climbed onto his bicep like magic. Then telephone quickly transformed into a silver tinted wicked curvy saber.
Lugh gasped in alarm and stared at Mithras. Pele and Dainichi looked up and stared at Mithras also. Lugh pointed at the male and laughed out loud twirling in a completed circles for fun. “Mithras is a girly goddess.”
 Mithras tossed the weapon in the air and caught it by the jeweled hilt, pointing the sharp tip at Lugh, sneering at the shorter god. “Repeat that for me, again, Footstool!”
Lugh stopped in front of the angry taller teen god and whined like a sissy in worry.
Pele lowered the doll and wiggled her two digits, an index finger and a middle finger, activating her goddess powers, gliding a red tinted echo blast at the collar bone on Mithras. “Don’t play with all of your new toys until Christmas morning, kids!” She laughed.
Mithras press the button and shut off power. The god sword transformed back into a French telephone inside his large palm, rubbing his collar bone with his free hand from the internal burning string through his arm in silence.
Lugh laughed again. As long as Pele was in charge of the team, she would protect him from harm with mean, taller Mithras. He shouted out loud. “You’re going to need a carrying case for your girly telephone, Mithras.” Lugh skipped ahead with a smile and then stopped in front of a wardrobe closet, where an assortment of ancient leather bags and covered boxes had been stored. He reached inside and grabbed one of the old cases, “Ah! I see a lovely one over here, Mithras. The carrying case displays the same set of tiny roses in dark red hue. But that is very close to pink hue within the world of feminine guys.” Mithras spun around and sneered at Lugh lifting up the receiver in the air to create his new god weapon again.
“Halt! Place your personal god weapon back down into your backpack and away from the short, silly teen god male, solider god.” Pele shouted out her command. “We have identified and collected the other ten telephones for the other ten teens. Now, the two efficient goddesses have finished up all the hard work here with the Voodoo Ares doll. So, we’re going back home to Alabama.” Dainichi spun around and flipped the backpack over her collar bone with a smile, moving ahead towards the open archway.
In front of the open closet, Lugh spun around and gasped in shock at Pele. “What about the captured grave yard of angry ghosts?”
In front of the entrance wall, Pele closed her eyelashes and stretched out with her goddess senses while scanning her goddess handy work. “The force field is still holding steady." She opened her two eyelashes and nodded with a smile to each teen. "So, we have to cross through the grave site to the locater point for our teleportation spot.”
“Can’t we teleport from within this tiny room space back down into the locator point inside the dead cemetery?” Dainichi spun around and frowned at Pele.
She frowned. “A fully operational god or goddess can teleport from point A to point B, but a divas cannot ...”
“…and neither can a teen god.” Mithras nodded.
Pele nodded. “Back to the gravesite! The ghosts are unharmed and very leery of us. They won’t be a bother with any one of us. So, in this round, we can waltz through and leave out from the cemetery.”
“Good plan!” Mithras nodded with a smile and lifted up personal backpack to his wide shoulders.
From the tiny room, Dainichi led with a smile the other teens through the open archway and rushed down the still illuminated side wall that barely lighted up the dark corridor. Pele followed last and reached out, slapping her hand print onto the light wall scattering the electrons in the atoms into negativity, negating the effect, returning darkness back to the wall.
Down the hallway, through the open doorway, Dainichi led the other teens back into the bright sunlight, slowly strolling through the leaves with a smile.
Mithras exited the church building with worry next and raced over the ivy leaves moving ahead towards the leaf cage which exhibited an array of tiny flairs of blue sparks coming from each ghost touching each other. He stopped and looked up into the pale blue sky.
Lugh followed the tall god too closely and then ricocheted backwards from the back spine on Mithras and then halted with a sour frown. “Holy snot!” He reached over and slapped the back spine on Mithras, “What are you doing there? Why did you stop moving? Keep going!?”
He continued to search the clear sky with puzzlement. “I hear something.” Lugh looked up and scanned a pale blue sky without birds or clouds.
Pele dashed beside Dainichi, stopped and looked up at the sky with a worried brow. She could hear the sound of swishing movements, but the sound was hard to locate or see over the thick blanket canopy of Virginia Creeper plants that covered the entire cemetery and the entire forest of dead trees.
Falling down from the pale blue sky and landing on top of the goddess-made blanket of green tinted ivy vines and leaves, an overgrown flying squirrel with a humanoid body hit down twos by twos on top of the electrified force field which had been created by Pele. Each body measured four feet tall in height with a pair of big blue colored eyes, a pair of big red tinted lips and a big round yellow tinted nose bridge. The bone skull did not present a pair of earlobes or strands of hair on a clean shaven face. Each body wore a ratty white tinted dress down at the two naked kneecaps, a pair of leather sandals, and a gold tinted necklace around the exposed throat, holding both of their pale tinted short arms parallel even with the ground with four digits on each pale tinted hand and four toes on each pale tinted foot.
Mithras pointed at the object and yelled in panic. “JANES, they are here and they are coming for us!”
“Text Polly!” Pele gasped in alarm.
“No time to text my mama! We got to run away and leave this creepy place before we are attacked and killed into nothingness. Run ahead at the locator point and pop back home!” Dainichi raced ahead with a smile and slapped each forearm on every teen, shouting out loud in panic, moving ahead towards the leaf cage with the captured ghosts.
Lugh continued to stand and stared at the sky seeing numerous rows of JANES. “How do we leave from this creepy place and the creepy JANES, Pele? They are landing down and blocking the gate into the leaf cage with the rows of ghosts?”
Dainichi shouted out loud and continued to ran ahead towards the leaf cage that was still activated with Pele's goddess powers. “No! Pele is blocking the gate with her goddess-made electric field. Ain't that right, girlfriend?”
Pele gasped in alarm, “I am. Yeah! Right! I will go and lift up the charged force field from the area of the cemetery. Then each one of you dash through the cemetery back to the locater point and get outta of here. I will provide cover by creating an array of fire balls coming from the electrons as my force field dissipates into nothingness.”
The first wave of JANES landed purposely down on the electricity current not being able to absorb the electron charges and then prettily exploded into a ball of yellow and red colors becoming a floating plume of red tinted ashes in the air waves.
On top of the ivy leaves, Mithras continued to stare at each exploding JANE. “No! That's not a good plan for you, Pele. You can’t stay and fight all of landing JANES alone and without a set of god weapons.”
Pele exhaled with worry. “I have no choice here. I hold the key of electrons here. Go and get help to come back here to aid me, so I can pop off the ivy leaves and back home on Sand Mountain, too.”
He continued to stand and sneered at the semi-crooked line of JANES that were exploding into a pile of green tinted ashes. “We can wait right here for each JANE to burn themselves out.”
She screamed in panic. “No! The JANES will figure out that the gods and goddesses are hiding in here, not inside the covered gravesite.” Pele pointed in the sky and then at the leaf cage. “We are already too late. Do you see the rows of JANES in the sky? The other ones have stopped and hovered in the sky while observing and thinking out the problem.”
He huffed with annoyance. “Polly forgot to mention that they’re smart …”
“….sun generated and move along the shaded overgrow of Creeper plants. They can’t spot you or attack you from up there.” She continued to look up and observed each JANE behavior.
“Then you can come with us.” Mithras suggested.
“I have to stay grounded with my body in order to open the electrified leaf cage. Do you remember the theory of electricity?” Pele held her hands in the air, pleading with Mithras.
He yelled out loud with fury and worry watching the smarter JANES in the sky. “Heck fire! This isn’t fair for you, Pele. Once you open the leaf cage that is covered by the blanket of ivy leaves, then the bright sunlight will bombard the dark area with bright light and expose on your person.”
She huffed of fear and stood grounded on top of the soil, lifting up her right hand, twirling her two digits that activated her goddess power at the leaf cage. “Get ready! Go and get help for me!”
“Wait! I have my god sword. I can protect you and fight with the …” Mithras looked down with laughter of the upcoming battle and slapped his leg, gasping in alarm, searching the grounded leaves of ivy with puzzlement. His personal property was missing. “Where’s my personal backpack?”
Lugh pointed at the back spine on Dainichi with worry. She continued to race ahead into the thicker part of the dead woodlands which was completely covered with cool shade of dead trees. He yelled out loud in fear, “Dainichi, she took all the bags including each backpack and my briefcase for safety.”
“What! Dang it, Dainichi!” Mithras looked up with a snarl and stared at the back spine on Dainichi. “I’ll be...”
“...opening the leaf cage right now.” Pele drew back each electron and created an individual tiny fireball in blue and yellow hue that bounced in the air waves. The bright rays of solar sunbeams took its sweet tea time slapping down each electron lifting up the bottom of the electrical force field for two gods. Mithras and Lugh both raced ahead and crouched down, dashing underneath the short lift on the blanket of electrified ivy vines.
Pele continued to wiggle her two digits that slowly negated her electrified force field withthe aid of the bright warm sunshine and slowly back stepped from the open area. Then she dropped her hand and crouched down behind a row of ivy-coated dead plant bushes praying for the blue beam to finish extraditing the rest of the electrons from the leaf cage. The leaf cage slowly deteriorated coming up from the bottom toward the middle and working its way to the tree ropes. The cage was one-fourth full cleared.
Underneath the protection of the dead row of bushes, Pele could feel each teen, who had shifted their personal body atoms into a god teleportation back home to Alabama. The atoms scattered into nothingness as her heart sank down into her yellow tinted painted toenails. She was all alone without a god weapon or a god warrior. However, her brilliant hiding spot was getting hotter for her and warmer for each JANE.
Each smart JANE slowly moved out from the grave site and floated up a few inches in the air, scanning each ivy-coated dead bush while sensing its new prey.
The leaf cage collapsed into nothingness without sound or fanfare. The canopy of tall trees jolted back into place once again protecting the creepy grave site from nothing. All of the ghosts had disappeared from each tombstone and abandoned Pele to her goddess enemy also.
Pele shoved her short body deeply underneath the row of ivy coated dead plant bushes for her protection and security. The other hovering JANES quickly dropped down and landed on top of the leafy ground.
Polly said each JANE could touch and then absorb a live life form. The first four JANES turned into a green hue looking like a fluffy bloated green pea and then exploded into green tinted dust ball.
Pele smiled and then slapped her mouth with both of her hands. If she stayed quiet, then each JANE might do all the deadly work for Pele.
Each JANE hovered one foot from the ivy leave ground. They were really smart or possessed some type of good survival instincts. Six of them floated towards Pele.
Pele could see a pair of pale tinted feet with four matching toes on a pair of golden tinted leather sandals coming closer to her hiding place. So, she developed a new plan and leaned over the dirt, exposing her goddess arm with her two goddess digits outside the bushes, creating four individual blue and purple fire balls, aiming it and then tossed each fire ball at the gold tinted necklace band around their exposed neck. Two of four JANES vanished in a plume of red and pink colored ashes while the other two grew three feet taller. She drew back her arm and rubbed the bicep with disappointment and continued to watch each JANE.
Pele had remembered too late that each JANE absorbed both light and heat. The electricity fireball was another source of light and heat. Her goddess talent had been worthless against the JANES. She wiggled her two digits and levitated a set of dead tree limbs tossing at each golden throat collar, exploding one-at-a-time each JANE into dust and ashes.
“Blast it, Dainichi!” Pele whispered in fury. Her personal backpack had contained a set of night sticks as her goddess backup weapon. She concentrated on a new plan of action. The old dark church could protect her delicate body from each JANE also. The church path was exposed underneath bright rays of skipped sunlight beams. Any one of the JANES could drop down and then touch Pele, ending her goddess life force.
Well, that was her only plan of defense at the moment. If she stayed here, then the odds were very good that she would certainly be touched and then absorbed by one of many JANES into a finally death act.
Pele scooted out from underneath the bushes and then swiftly stood upright, spinning around, accessing her goddess speed ahead, leaping over fallen logs, running through smaller plants, climbing over low tree trunks and raced ahead towards the front door of the church building. She spun around and ran backwards seeing a row of three JANES on her tail, spinning back around and raced faster. Two JANES flew faster and  hovered over her hair roots. Four of the JANES were invading from her rib cage and watched her movements. Pele junked to the side and then jaunted to the other side creating a zigzag pattern of confusion like a jack rabbit for each JANES. The church steps were fifty feet ahead of her face.
Pele focused on the locked pad that she had replaced with respect after exiting the ancient church building. She lifted up her right hand and wiggled her two digits activating her goddess powers. A red tinted beam emitted from her fingers and slammed into the pad bursting the gold into an array of splintered pieces of nuggets.
Two JANES dropped down and hovered a couple of inches off the ivy leaves directly in front of her footpath extending both of their arms for a JANE touch.
Pele gasped in alarm and wiggled her two digits, performing a goddess leaped up from the ivy leaves, soaring ten feet in the air, passing over their bone skull and then quickly dropped on top of the metal rafters on the front porch. She landed hard down on her back spine on top of broken rotten wooden planks and the cool clay dirt, exhaling in both pain and fear.
The two JANES slowly twirled around in the air and floated ahead towards a grounded and injured goddess teen with both of their arms outwards and then joined by a row of twenty more JANES that was growing steadily, flying towards the new prey.
On top of the broken planks within the cold dirt, Pele jerked both of her bloody hands out from each broken plank wiping off the blood from nose and the tears from her eyeball. She grunted in pain and tried to lift up one of her trapped sandal from the broken wooden pieces, sitting upright with a set of heavy groan of aches. She leaned down and pushed each wood chip away with her bleeding fingers. Numerous rows of JANES continued to slowly fly in her direction without stopping or moaning or singing or humming.
Pele couldn’t stand upright from a wood spike embedded in her calf muscle and reached down, pulling the stake from her leg, screaming in pain.
Numerous rows of JANES were fifteen feet from Pele and closer to the church front porch. Pele realized that she had lost the war battle. She was blooding from her forehead skin tissue all the down to her exposed toenails feeling tired, drained, exhausted, and sleepy from her head concession. This was the end for her.
The numerous rows of JANES continued to soar closer and appeared thirteen feet from the front porch.
Marcus/Ares appeared, well, his back spine wore his tan colored designer jacket. He had popped in and landed down on top of the tall weeds in front of porch, spinning around and winked down at Pele. “Calvary’s here.” Then he spun back around and sliced his god sword into the golden tinted band on three JANES in a row with ease.
Thian appeared next and stood beside Marcus whipping his silver tinted sword into each golden band on four JANES from his newly morphed mobile phone. Shango, Isis, Mithras, and Kuan Yi all popped in and landed in front of both Marcus and Thian with an shiny new god sword as the JANES smelled new prey and then quickly flew through the air for the charge.
Each JANE prettily exploded into a plume of yellow and red flames floating the colored dust away through the slight wind and then into nothingness coming from each expertly armed and dangerous teen god and goddess.
Thianne and Nikki popped in and landed down inside the dirt at the front porch, squatting down beside Pele with a worried brow, quickly examining each one of her bleeding wounds, placing a bandage over the cut and a splitter board over Pele's broken arm.
“Hey, girlfriend! It's time to get ready for junior prom dance contest.” Thianne giggled with a grin.
“Only if I win the queen’s tiara!” Pele opened her two eyelashes and slightly smiled while whispering to Thianne in pain.
“I guarantee it.” Thianne winked and then smiled. “Ares!”
Marcus/Ares popped in and landed right beside Thianne, smiling down at her silver tinted hair roots. “Did you call out for me, my lovely princess?”
“Pele is ready for your shared god teleportation. Be very careful with her bleeding wounds.” Thianne ordered.
“Of course, I will, my princess. Pele, may I have this dance!” He knelt down and lifted up her injured body into his chest, snapping his fingers, popping off the dirt and disappeared from the air waves of the cemetery. They returned back home to Alabama.
“Out, ya’ll!” Thian stood in place with a smile and shouted out his command order. One by one each god and goddess popped out and then vanished from the church grounds, returning back home to Alabama also.



CHAPTER EIGHT




Same calendar date and back home to Alabama...

Sand Mountain location
06:06:06 pm (Central Time Zone, USA)

School House building location
Sunset pink, yellow, and orange hue without clouds with hot temperatures


Each teen had popped inside the school house classroom without major injuries but some minor wounds against the numerous rows of once deadly, now dead JANES.
Thian had wiggled his index finger and created a cozy living room setting with four long sofas, six padded sitting chairs, and two loveseat in a crazy fabric-pattern of blue dragons and pink balloons for fun without thinking about the last battlefield activity that was real, not fake. He also provided a tall eating tray with a set of legs in front of each empty seat for every teen.
On the rear wall, two sofa rested side by side with a sitting chair inside each wall corner. On each side wall, one loveseat kissed the ugly red tinted mud wall and was surrounded by a row of individual sitting chairs.
Shango had wiggled his middle finger that activated his god powers and provided a long table of food trays and pails of cold beverages on the front wall.
In the middle of the red tinted dried mud floor, several backpacks, handbags, totes, purses, and briefcase stood upright vomiting out an array of individual silver tinted or colored mobile telephones, pairs of colored sunglasses, and a few golden tinted wrist watches.
Each teen limped ahead to the food table first and grabbed a plate of food and a cold beverage, slowly scooting the room, sitting down on top of the clean fabric with some of their wounded body limbs lightly bleeding over the new dragon and balloon fabric.
Occupying the middle of the blue dragon fabric on the loveseat at the side wall, Balder did not bother to dress his pink cuts or blue bruises, eating the food, laughing out loud. “Out, ya’ll! What kind of military command code is that, Thian?” He chewed the food with a smile and reached over, patting the arm on his girlfriend Isis. She continued to cuddle with her boyfriend and consumed the food in silence, sitting on part of the white tinted fabric and part of the blue dragon tail while watching the action.
On the rear wall, in one of the two long sofa, sitting on top of the large blue dragon fabric, Is Chel sneered and pressed down on each one of her skin bruise healing the wound with her limited goddess powers. “One that works and I always obey. I don’t wanna confront a single JANE, at least, until the end of the next century.”
Thianne popped in and landed down inside the mud room, smiling at each face. “Pele is resting inside her bedroom. She’ll be as good as new with food trays of proper nutrition, lots of sleepy time and a warm bubble bath.” She squatted down and sat beside her brother assisting with the inventory items.
“Great news, Thianne!” Thian sat in the middle of mud floor and munched on each food item while surveying the new inventory. He looked up and smiled at each face. "Good news, teens! We found all of the god swords. Every teen, if not, but now, will receive a new silver tinted mobile telephone or a colorful ancient human telephone. But one very long and very large satellite mobile telephone belongs to Isis.” Isis looked up and nodded to each teen in silence as each teen softly clapped for the lucky goddess. Thian lifted up one of the items and frowned. “Some of the mobile telephones are really an ancient Blackberry PDA model and then there is this one, a Motorola thing.”
“That mobile telephone is mine!” Dainichi strolled from the solid wall, entered the room with a cold beverage, and then stopped with a smile, reaching out, snatching the pager from Thian.
“That is not technically a talking telephone. That devise is a pocket pager or beeper. You can’t talk on a beeper, Dainichi. Are you certain the Voodoo doll beam tapped the correct charmed mobile telephone, Lugh?” Kuan Yi sat on top of a blue dragon inside one of the wall corner and turned with a frowned to view Lugh while slipping on her cold drink.
On the other wall corner, on top of a large blue dragon fabric, Lugh turned and nodded back to Kuan Yi in silence, returning back, laughing at Mithras with purpose.
“Does the beeper really work as your goddess weapon, Dainichi?” Thian frowned at the devise with puzzlement and curiosity.
Dainichi held her palm open as the tiny beeper swirled into a twelve-inched silver saber, holding the goddess weapon near her smile in silence.
On the rear wall, in a sitting chair on top of blue tinted dragon fabric, Lugh stood upright on all of three feet and two inches in height and waved both of his short hand for attention from each god and goddess, yelling out loud too. “And we have a new goddess among us, ya'll!” He pointed down at the French telephone in the pile of equipment items. “Teen goddess Mithras and his teen goddess French Ooh! La! La! telephone.” Lugh reached down and stole the equipment holding the pretty item with both of his hands displaying the stolen ancient carrying bag over his collar bone, slowly performing a circle to show each teen.
On the side wall, tall and tough teen god Mithras didn’t respond, attack, or comment, but continued sit on top of the pink tinted gigantic balloon fabric inside the loveseat while tracking his blue colored eyes on her. Dainichi marched across the floor, plopping into the big leather chair.
“Sit down, Foot stool!” Balder continued to eat in the loveseat on the opposite side wall and sneered at the tiny male god.
Lugh complied with the bigger god order and scooted backwards with the French phone, sitting down on the empty chair on the same side wall, wearing a sour frown in silence.
“Drum roll, please!” Thian wiggled his index finger and produced a deep, low sound from a musical timpani for three times. Then the music stopped. He laughed and wiggled his finger floating the first item towards the god behind his collar bone. Mithras sat on top of a pink tinted balloon on the sitting chair on the side wall. “First pair of sunglasses has been collected from the cemetery. Go for it, Mithras!”
Mithras reached out and touched the sunglasses with a set of clean fingers, flipping the item over his eyeballs. The pair of Oakley gray tinted sun glares with a set of sculptured ear stems did nothing over his face. He removed the item and tossed it in the air, flying it to Shango on top of the loveseat, looking back at Dainichi on top of the sitting chair on the opposite side wall.
Shango lifted the sunglasses onto his face. Nothing happened. The process was repeated until the exact god or goddess DNA matched the god-charmed or goddess-charmed sunglasses with the proper teen god or diva.
Lugh shouted out loud and felt the heat on his two hands. “The winner is me.” The Oakley sunglasses morphed into a black tinted helmet perfectly covering his tiny head showing only the whites of his two eyeballs. He stood, then twirled, and finally stumbled forward. Is Chel and Nikki caught Lugh before busting his tiny nose.
“Sit down, again, Foot stool!” Balder sneered at the tiny god.
Marcus/Ares strolled from the food table and delivered a plate of food to Thianne. She accepted the food with a nod and started eating the items while watching the action, sitting with her brother.
Marcus moved ahead and sipped on the cold sweet tea beverage, and then stopped, spinning around with a grin, sitting down on top of the pink tinted balloons inside one of the padded sitting chair beside Mithras.
Mithras didn’t flinch remaining focused with both, his thoughts and his eyes on Dainichi partly hidden in the sitting chair, reaching up, catching a new pair of sunglasses from Thian. He quickly placed the shades on his face which did not react, ripping them off, tossing the item to Shango on the loveseat.
Marcus/Ares followed the line of sight on teen god and stared at the young goddess from the US State of New York, leaning over into the cheekbone on Mithras with a smile and a whisper. "Do you want me to fix you up?”
“Fix up what?” Mithras did not frown or flinch but continued to stare at Dainichi.
He smiled. “Do you want me to fix you up a hot date with Dainichi?”
Mithras growled at Dainichi and then at Marcus, “I want to kill her, not date her, Marcus.” He lifted his hand and caught a new pair of sunglasses, repeating the procedure, which did not react to his precious god DNA and tossed them to Shango.
He turned and stared at tiny Dainichi with his cool god attitude. She was hard to see inside the sitting chair but not that hateful sneer on Mithras. He whispered back and continued to stare at the young goddess, “What happened back there at the cemetery?” He slipped on the cool drink.
“She stole my personal backpack.”
He swallowed the liquid and opened his mouth. “Ah! Clever and smart goddess Dainichi had arrived back here with a bag of god swords which saved Pele’s life force. If Dainichi hadn’t got to us the rest of the god weapons …”
“My sword was located inside my personal backpack along with the three other mobile telephones. We carried our own bag in case of something bad.”
He stared at Dainichi and whispered back to Mithras. “That is a very clever technique. But Dainichi is the heroine from last night and this morning. Don’t go getting jealous, Mithras! She saved Pele’s life bringing back the bags of mobile telephones here inside the school house classroom first.”
Mithras captured another new pair of sunglasses and tried them on without success, flipping the shades to Shango. Mithras sneered and stared at Dainichi, “I’m not jealous and don’t care about becoming a hero. She took it without my permission at the time of the JANES attack there inside the cemetery.”
He frowned. “What are you implying here, Mithras?”
Mithras stated. “One, Dainichi didn’t bring her personal large designer handbag or a personal designer tote bag to carry back any or all of the charmed mobile telephones to one single teen. Two, she stole all the charmed phones. Three, she quickly disappeared when the rows of JANES started attacking us on the ground by using her goddess invisibility talent.” He caught a new pair of sunglasses from Thian and repeated the procedure without success again, flipping them to Shango.
He gasped in shock and then nodded with logic. “Well, she was scared. I was scared, too, Mithras. That’s her defense mechanism calling out her life force existence. We all have one. Don’t get me wrong here!”
“No, Ares! Something more happened there in the cemetery! I couldn’t protect Pele from …”
“Don’t start the blame game, here and now, Mithras! Satan’s Grandmother is to blame for this terrible incident there at the Virginia cemetery. You tried to save the day and Dainichi is a very young and inexperienced goddess girl. She got scared. This battle stuff is all new and deadly even to might me,” Ares softly chuckled and then sipped the tea.
“Are you really a scary cat, Ares?”
He laughed. “Am I really the god of war?”
“I ain’t scared of nothing." Mithras captured a new pair of sunglasses and slid over his eyeballs. The sunglasses heated his face and then quickly morphed into a complete black tinted knight helmet covering Mithras' face. The other teens cheered and clapped with silliness for the lucky teen good. Mithras turned and spoke through the helmet to Marcus over the loud noise. "But I am concerned about her true girly and goddess intentions.”
He frowned. “Her intentions of what? What is she going to do? What for?”
Mithras reached up and removed the helmet from his sweaty face, sneering at Marcus, “I can’t address your questions; but I’m going to find out all of my answers.” The helmet immediately transformed back into a pair of D&G designer brand yellow tinted lens sunshades inside his open palm.
Marcus reached over and slapped the bicep on Mithras, nodding with a stern face. “Look, man! I believe you. So, if you need my help for anything such like, no questions but some answers, then call me. I will be there for you!”
He turned and sneered at Dainichi, “I will, Ares.”
In the middle of the mud floor, leader Thian laughed at each joke and every funny face, drawing from the briefcase the last pair of sunglasses near his smile. “We have a pair of pink candy-colored framed Julbo eye shields. Which god or goddess is missing a black tinted helmet?” Each god and goddess was wearing their god or goddess helmet for fun, but Marcus, Mithras, Thianne, Thian, Dainichi, and Shango.
Inside her goddess helmet, on the side wall, Kuan Yi turned and pointed, shouting out loud to Dainichi. “O! These are a cute girly pair of shades. So, I think Dainichi needs …”
“No! I have my goddess sunglasses.” Dainichi removed down into her pocket and pulled out the item near her smile. A pair of Prius designer brand purple tinted lens eye shades.
Kuan Yi removed her helmet as it transformed back into a pair of sunglasses. She frowned at the item. “I didn’t remember those particular sunglasses from the museum.”
“Well, I found the shades inside one of the tote bags from Arkansas trip.” She smiled and then sipped her beverage, dropping the sunglasses back down into her pocket.
“O!” Kuan Yi nodded and stared at Dainichi with suspension.
Marcus/Ares returned back to see Thian and stood upright, clapping with a smile. “Aren’t ya bald is still exhibiting a bald mound while lacking the proper attire on top of his molded mound,” he wiggled his hand and activated his god powers, snatching the sunglasses from Thian, lowering the item on the nose bridge on Shango.
The pink tinted sunglasses expanded into a bright hue of red and then quickly transformed into a solid black tinted helmet covering his naked skull. Each teen burst out in loud laughter and hand claps with some wild whistle calls. Inside the helmet, Shango shouted out loud. “Hardy, har, har. Enjoy the show, ya'll!” He quickly removed the helmet as it transformed into the girly pink feminine plastic framed eye goggles inside his large palm. He examined the item with a snarl. “The shades need a new paint job!”
Thianne giggled and shook her finger at Shango, shaking her locks, “Do not alter any of your god weapons, Shango!”
Each teen god and goddess removed their new helmet as each pair of charmed sunglasses coming from their goddess mother or their god father morphed back into the original sunglasses.
Pele received a pair of red-tinted tea shades.
Ares possessed a pair of black tinted plastic-framed Ray-Ban Wayfarers.
Thian received a pair of Gucci designer brand black tinted mirrored aviator sunglasses.
Lugh possessed a pair of Oakley gray tinted sun glares with a pair of sculptured ear stems.
Thianne received a pair of Jackie O brand amber colored designer Balenciaga large rounded fashion spectacles.
Mithras possessed a pair of D&G designer brand yellow tinted lens sunshades.
Shango received a pair of girly pink framed Julbo designer brand sunglasses.
Is Chel possessed a pair of Foster Grant designer brand red and white tinted framed eye shields.
Kuan Yi received a pair of Kenneth Cole designer brand black tinted wraparound sunglasses.
Nikki possessed a pair of DNKY Donna Karen designer brand bejeweled rounded turquoise tinted eye goggles.
Balder received a pair of Armani designer brand green tinted framed goggles.
Dainichi possessed a pair of Prius designer brand purple tinted lens eye shades.
Isis received a pair of Dior designer brand blue colored sunglasses that had morphed into a black tinted goddess helmet. She removed her helmet with a smile and a sweaty face as the item transformed back into a pair of sunshades. On the side wall sitting beside Balder, Isis had finished her plate of food. She scooted off the loveseat and crawled across the mud floor, stopping in front of the numerous colorful bags, which had contained a pair of charmed sunglasses. She reached inside and pulled out a new pair of sunglass from the brown tinted briefcase, scanning the item. “Hey! Look over here! I have found a pair of Luxottica designer brand orange tinted sunglasses. Which teen did not receive their pair of cool shades?”
“Everyone is accounted for. What is that thing in your cupped hand, Isis?” Kuan Yi continued to sit in the wall corner and frowned down at the sunglasses.
She wiggled the sunglasses near her smile. “We have an extra pair of shades.”
“No!” Thian continued to sit on the floor and ate the food, looking up with a frown.
“Yes!” She smiled.
“No!” Is Chel frowned and continued to sit on top of the sofa.
Isis wiggled the sunglasses with a smile. “Are you blind? Can't you see them? I hold an extra pair of charmed sunglasses.”
Thianne sat beside her brother and behind the back spine on Isis, gasping in alarm, reaching over and snatched up the sunglasses. She cuddled them into her chest and started to sob with her ad tears, “The pair of sunglasses belonged to goddess Kruti.”
Thian nodded with a soft timber. “Each mom and dad had planted each teenly weapon for their child …”
“... to use …” Balder nodded.
“... to have …” Nikki nodded.
“... to protect …” Mithras nodded.
Shango frowned. “They knew about Satan’s Grandmother too.”
Kuan Yi nodded. “They knew something was a-miss here at the school house building.”
“I wished that I knew them too.” Marcus frowned.
“I a-miss them.” Lugh frowned.
Thian smiled at each face. “Cheer up, ya'll! Each one of us is almost eighteen years old. We all will be seeing our parents soonest.”
Isis turned and smiled at Thian. “Is that a new god talent of future seeing, Thian?”
He exhaled with worry too and shook his bone skull. “No! I pray with hope to see my parents very, very soon.”
“Me, too!” Isis nodded.
Marcus/Ares continued to stand and reached down, slapping the collar bone on a depressed Shango, who continued to stare down at the pair of girly pink tinted sunglasses that served as his god helmet. Marcus laughed.  “Did you go and look up that word, Shango?”
Shango looked up with a smile and viewed the other smart goddess among the teens. “Proctatresia! Can you spell that word for me, Kuan Yi?”
Kuan Yi turned and smiled at Shango, pursing her lips. “Really!” She giggled and wiggled her two digits, producing a tiny hard copy word dictionary on top of Shango's lap. He reached down and flipped through the pages with a smile, finding the word, reading the definition.
Marcus/Ares crossed his arms with a smile and then gasped out loud. “Read the definition out loud for each pair of eardrums, man!” He was right about the English translation.
“Proctatresia, the word is the dilation of the anus or rectum.” Shango frowned. The other teens laughed out loud and pointed at poor Shango.
Ares slapped the collar bone on Shango and continued to laugh. “Whoa the horses! That was better than I had ever imaged. That hot witch there at the college campus had called you, a pig turd.” He moved ahead with a laughter and hugged his girl Thianne.
Thian slowly stood upright from the floor with the dirty plate and wiggled his index finger, making the dirty plate disappear back into the manor kitchen space. He lifted both of his clean palms near his face. “Enough, cubs! Everyone stand up. I need to return back the furniture items as we got some more business.” Each teen stood upright from the seat and made their dirty plate disappear from the small eating tray also.
“Business, we’re teens. We’re young. We have fun.” Balder slowly stood upright and hugged his girl Nikki. “Hey! I made another poem.”
Thian whipped his talented index finger around the room making each piece of furniture, the food table, and trays of food, and the empty bags in the middle of the floor disappear, returning back into the storage room inside the Windsor Farms. Thian was a god, not a witch.
The school house classroom was clean and clear again with all the standing teens.
Thian dropped down both of his hands and slapped his blue jeans, nodding with a smile. “So far, each mobile telephone has been passed out and then morphs into an operational god sword for death kills. So far, each pair of sunglasses transforms into a black tinted god or goddess helmet for face protection. The last item, where are the wrist watches that transform into a shield for body protection, Is Chel? What is the status for locating the rest of the wrist watches, Is Chel?”
Is Chel placed her pair of charmed sunglasses down into her designer purse for safe keeping and shouted out loud, waving both of her hands. "Everyone, move back from the center of the floor. I need to create another hologram of the world in the center of the room, where we access and then locate each wrist watch for every god body shield." She back stepped and stood at the rear wall, wiggling her two goddess digits in the air, producing a new hologram world. She reached down and pulled out, holding the Voodoo doll of Ares at the rotating fake world. A green tinted beam shot out and landed at one geographical stop on the map and then separated into an array of tiny lines. She frowned at the new location. “That’s very odd. I’m finding only one location on the entire planet of Earth.”
Thian stood on the side of the rotating fake world and studied the same location. “Could something be malfunctioning on the doll, Is Chel?”
Is Chel smiled. “All systems of Ares work fine.”
“What is working fine on me, Is Chel?” Ares looked up and sneered at Is Chel cuddling with Thianne against the side wall without viewing the rotating fake world hologram.
“The doll of Ares works fine along with my Voodoo potions.” She giggled with a grin.
He gasped in shock and then snarled back at her, “What Voodoo potions work fine on me, girl?” Ares barked.
“Shut up, Ares!” Shango stood beside Thian and stared at the fake hologram world.
Thian nodded. “Can you find the other eleven working wrist watches for the rest of the other teens, Is Chel. Does another teen have a new idea or suggestion?”
Isis stood on the rear wall beside Is Chel and stared at the hologram. “That is strange. Why did the beam split into many tiny veins?”
Nikki smiled. “The beam resembles an eight-legged spider body.”
Lugh stood along the side wall and pointed at the hologram. “I know. I got the answer. We need more body shields. So each leg on the holographic spider is a god body shield. I can count them. One. Two. Three. Four. Five. Six ...”
Kuan Yi laughed and nodded with a smile. “Okay! He can count beyond the math number of five.”
Isis smiled. “I do believe that Lugh is correct here.”
Lugh crossed both of arms like his friend Marcus when he expressed overconfidence. “Of course, I am correct here.”
The body on Thianne started to shiver and produced a set of raised goose bumps, when she was worried about a future event. She frowned at the fake hologram world, “I don’t know here. Something is not quite right here.” Ares felt her concern and leaned over, hugging her body into his chest, staring at the hologram with worry too.
Shango stood beside Thian and stared at the rotating hologram with puzzlement. “What do you mean, Thianne?”
Thianne nodded at the hologram location. “Kruti and I both have been to that particular geographical spot. That particular geographical spot is located there in Birmingham at the McWane Science Museum.”
Balder nodded with a smile at the hologram location. “Well, a new or ancient museum holds lots of ancient artifacts and old stuff. So what of it, Thianne?”
Thian nodded with a stern face at the hologram location. “Thianne is right. The McWane Science Museum is filled with all type of scientific experiments, math models and inventive high-tech games for both children and adults. But it does not display ancient mythological history or weaponry artifacts for a teen god …”
“…and a powerful diva.” Isis laughed.
“You gods, I can explain the single location beam on the holographic planet of Earth here in the city of Birmingham, Alabama.” Kuan Yi looked down and typed on her personal mobile telephone. “I had accessed my phone and found the information. There is a new traveling exhibition which is entitled the Show of Time which is housed there at the McWane Science Museum, until Sunday afternoon.”
Is Chel gasped in alarm. “Tomorrow is Sunday!”
Shango nodded at the hologram. “A traveling museum exhibition displays all types of things, such like, ancient and colorful true Egyptian artifacts which are seem by all types of people around the world. Our god and goddess parents are brilliant here. They have arranged somehow for each wrist watch via a body shield to us, in case we couldn’t find the items. But we are smart too. We have found both the group of charmed mobile telephones and the pair of charmed sunglasses.”
Ares released Thianne and rubbed his palms with a wicked grin. “Now, we are almost ready for upcoming battle war with Satan's Grandmother.”
Mithras sneered and studied the hologram, sitting on the side wall alone, “Shut up, Ares!”
Nikki frowned at Ares, “That statement is not funny, Marcus!”
“I’m only stating a true and truth and future upcoming god and diva war fact, ya'll.” Ares chuckled with some of the male teens but not all of the teens. However, Ares was ready for the upcoming war party with Satan’s Grandmother. And she was not going to become the victor either. Thianne exhaled with worry and leaned into his chest, staring at the rotating fake world in silence. He hugged her body and smiled at the fake world in silence.
Balder stood beside Nikki on the opposite side wall. “If each charmed wrist watch is located there in one spot, then one teen needs to go and retrieve all of the charmed items, Ares,” he laughed and stared at Ares.
Shango clapped with a smile and spun around staring at Ares. “Which teen god wants to volunteer his god skull? I mean to say his god skills, Ares.”
Is Chel nodded. “The most logical choice would be a teen who is already equipped with a god body shield.”
“That is a very good point, Is Chel!” Thian nodded at the fake world.
“The two selected gods are me and Thian.” Ares held up his arm and slapped on the charmed wrist watch activating his god powers. The watch band quickly morphed into a large golden tinted sphere that covered his upper torso and gleamed underneath the artificial overhead lights devoid of markings, crests, jewels and indentations on the pure gold heavy metal.
Is Chel nodded. “Ares and Thian, you need to go right now during the sunset hours, instead of pitch black darkness as the gang of FREDS and GREGS is out wandering and waiting for you.”
“Right, Is Chel!”
“Wrong!” Kuan Yi stood on the side wall and shook her curls. “This is most illogical, Captain Thian! Ares and Thian are both the two best fighters among us. You do not send in the best warrior for a child’s task! Pick another teen or two to go and retrieve the bag of wrist watches which are probably stored inside a dark storage closet while waiting on the museum staff member to go and get and then display on top of the wooden tables, tomorrow morning.”
Isis pointed at Thian with a smile. “Thian is the leader of us. He should stay behind and continued to glide us. Ares has his god body shield and can go all alone as he can fight better than the rest of the teens. He can collect all the wrist watches without accidentally popping open each body shield either. If one of us touches our own watch, then it will implode up, down, and then sideways while revealing us and our god and goddess powers to each visiting human there at the museum room.”
“Is-is is so right.” Ares turned and winked at her.
Kuan Yi frowned. “No! Ares can’t go alone. How is he going to steal all the watches, by himself, without anyone noticing and without proper backup support, to boot?”
“I’ll think of something.” Ares scooted away from Thianne and stood alone, snapping his fingers, changing into a black outfit, consisting of a pair of leather pants, a matching hoodie sweater, and a pair of matching  cowboy boots, holding a black tinted nylon bag for all the stolen and charmed wrists watches. He smiled at each face.
Balder laughed. “You look like a hoodlum, instead of wrist thief, Marcus!”
Kuan Yi frowned. “Wrong, again, watch thief! This is a charity benefit party with dinner and dancing starting in fifteen minutes. Ares cannot go dressed looking like a thief.”
Ares snapped his fingers again with a smile and transformed into a white tinted dinner jacket, a silver and red stripped bowtie, a matching handkerchief down in the pocket, a pair of black tinted trousers, and a pair of black tinted leather shoes.
“Very nice, Ares!” Thianne scooted over and snuggled her guy.
Thian exhaled with annoyance and moved ahead, reaching out, grabbing the naked forearm on his sister and drugged her away from Marcus. “You are still a hoodlum by stealing my sister,” he laughed and hugged his sister with love.
Mithras frowned. “So far, Ares has been picked to lift the bag of wrist watches and …”
“I’ll go and grab the bag of wrist watches like all of the fake American superheroes together and then fly back here fasting than a light speed from a fake outer space warship?” Ares chuckled at his silly humor.
“You!” Kuan Yi pointed at Ares.
“Me!” Ares slapped his chest and nodded with a smile to each face.
“Who is going to tote the doll?” Is Chel moved ahead and held the doll to Ares, shaking her curls at the teen god. “I do not like this new plan, Ares. You could get hurt or worse. You could become arrested by the local law authorities for stealing valuables inside a museum.”
Thianne nodded with worry at her boyfriend. “Ares, I concur with Kuan Yi and Is Chel. You could get arrested by the local police authorities. If you are captured for stealing priceless antiquities, even in Birmingham museum, then you will go directly into jail ...”
"And then Marcus can pop out from his lovely jail cell using his god talents. Geez! This is too ease even for me!" Thian laughed.
Is Chel frowned. “We are teens, not adults, yet. You will be questioned, if you are stopped by any security guard for attending an adult event, without an adult chaperone.”
“Lookie! I'll go and change my local identification into an older adult god.” Ares smiled.
Kuan Yi frowned. “To what appropriate age, Ares? Will you become twenty or twenty-five years of age? You can’t appear older. And if you are caught, who is going to claim your imprisoned body? Will that be Mr. Windsor or Mrs. Windsor from your private jail cell?”
Isis smiled. “Granny can do it, too it!”
Kuan Yi shook her curls. “Granny Hanover isn’t here. I’m haven’t seen her since yesterday.”
Nikki frowned. “Where is Granny Hanover located at?”
“She is unavailable.” Dainichi smiled. The other teens spun around and stared at a new sitting chair in bright red hue that held a tiny goddess.
Thianne spun back around and nodded to her boyfriend, “That's a very good point, Dainichi. Granny Hanover is not here and cannot help, if you need help, Ares.”
“I won’t get caught with the bag of charmed wrist watches inside the local museum, princess.” Ares smirked and reached out for her hand. Thian leaned over and slapped the hand down on Marcus while sneering at the arrogant teen god.
Kuan Yi exhaled with worry. “All right! You can go and lift eleven wrist watches from the table, place them down inside your designer suit pockets and then jiggle down the steps into the Men’s Bathroom.”
Ares laughed. “You have a vivid imagination, Kuan Yi. I’m use a storage closet as the locater point for my greatest escape to date,” he laughed with the other teens.
Is Chel frowned “What about all the wandering and waiting FREDS and GREGS? Each one of these nasty things are out on the street, up in a tree, and in disguise from both the gods and the humans. And like Ares, one or two could be also at the same museum party stalking its next human prey for its dinner meal. Then teen god Ares will become both the creamy chocolate cake and cold vanilla ice cream for the god dessert meal.”
“You got a wild and crazy vivid imagination, Kuan Yi!” Balder laughed. "Girls, they think too much and too often and too negative about things like an easy teenly mission. Ares will survive and return as usual."
Shango laughed. "If you, two girls had not be debating with a pair of parted lips and taking up so much time, then Marcus could have went there and then come back to here, by now," he laughed with the other teen gods.
Kuan Yi pointed with a stern face at Ares. “Pele, she would be warning your person with the same details, if she wasn’t recuperating inside her bedroom from her deadly encounter with the numerous JANES.”
Ares lifted up his arm and removed the wrist watch that morphed back into a wrist watch, storing the item down into the jacket pocket, “I concede. Who wants a ride through time? Get it! Got it! Go through space and time with me!” He laughed.
Thianne smiled with a nod. “I will go with Ares. I have the goddess power of invisibility,” she stepped ahead.
Thian pulled his sister backwards and cuddled her, shaking his bone skull at Marcus. “Absolutely not, Thian.” All the heated talk of the group of JANES, FREDS and GREGS were upsetting his stomach and his mind which could kill any god or goddess teen.
Thianne was his twin sister and he loved and cared for her, since they were tiny kids. She couldn’t, wouldn’t, and isn’t go with Marcus on this dangerous god mission.
Balder gasped in shock. “Do you really possess the god power of invisibility, Thianne?”
Thianne spun around and smiled at each face. “Yeah, I had discovered yesterday. I can turn my physical body into an invisible body while still protecting Ares as his back up girl. And I can hand each the watches to Ares without him being accused of stealing.” She giggled at her idea of working with her god on this dangerous mission to save the teen gods and divas from Satan’s Grandmother.
Thian frowned. “I don’t approve, Thianne.”
“Good plan, Thianne!” Nikki smiled.
“What if you touch your own watch?” Lugh frowned.
Thianne smiled. “The laws of invisibility only work on live molecules. A wrist watch is dead matter. So, touching my own wrist watch shouldn’t activate the shield. I think.”
“That's a very good point, Thianne.” Isis smiled.
“We have our team. We have our plan.” Nikki smiled. 
Marcus/Ares snapped his fingers and activated his god powers at Thianne. Her upright body displayed a dark blue long skirt with stripes in purple and pink. The Vera Wang designer gown exhibited a beige colored bodice with rows of silver sequins. She displayed a diamond collar necklace and a pair of sparkling diamond studs in each one of her earlobes and a pair of long silk gloves up towards each one of her elbows.
“How did he….?” Isis pointed at the beautiful ball gown on Thianne.
Marcus/Ares leaned over and smiled at Thianne, “You are my beautiful goddess, princess.”
Thian leaned over to Marcus shoving the face from his sister, sneering at Marcus. “Forget it, Marcus! And forget going, Thianne!”
“Make me one, please, Ares!” Isis clapped with a smile.
Marcus/Ares turned and smiled at Isis.“I will do that thing another time for you, Is-is.”
Thianne spun around and sneered at her brother, “I am …”
“…not going, Thianne.” Dainichi stood upright with a smile from the sitting chair and slowly moved ahead through the hologram world, tearing up all of the electrons. The hologram disappeared from the center of the room. She stopped with a smirk and stood in front of Ares, speaking to Thianne. “Your baby skills of invisibility will get Ares arrested for sure, Devi Thianne. I am the mistress goddess of invisibility. I can protect Ares better than any god or goddess inside this room.”
Ares turned and stole a glance at Mithras. Mithras narrowed his two eyeballs and continued to stare at the nose profile on Dainichi, caressing the carrying case that held the charmed French telephone which morphed into his god sword.
Ares had to decide. He didn’t want Thianne in danger ever. Dainichi was very correct that the new goddess talent was a very new skill for his girlfriend Thianne. But Dainichi was an old hand and a tested warrior with that goddess talent.
Also, Thian would protect his sister Thianne with his life, if she remained here inside the school house building at the Windsor Farms.
Ares slid his eyeballs back down and smiled at Dainichi, “Fine! Thianne stays safe with the rest of ya’ll. Dainichi, did you need a formal gown for the ball?”
“I can create my own, dear. Let’s not tarry too long! Should we?” Dainichi spun around and slid beside Ares, reaching out, grabbing his arm and winked at Thianne.
Thianne gasped in shock and then sneered at the short goddess for escorting her boyfriend on the ease teenly mission.
Ares looked up and nodded to each face, “I have one request. Everyone, stay alert and on stand-by, in case, something goes badly wrong, for me. Okay?” Each bone skull nodded with the teen acknowledgement.
Thian smiled. “This is almost done! We are almost set to face Satan's Grandmother Be very careful, Ares and Dainichi at the museum.”
“I will.” Ares understood the risk by carrying eleven different types of watches. He would first lift or steal or borrow to never return back to the owner for each god and goddess. Then he would pop down inside an isolated spot within the McWane Science Center and walk into the show case exhibition room as one of the invited guest, collect all the marked watches and stow them down inside his backpack. Then Ares would leave the room and then casually stroll back inside the touchdown point and perform a god pop back to Sanctuary, if he doesn’t get stopped by the local adults or security patrols.
Inside the school house room, Ares lifted his hand with a smile at Thianne and snapped his fingers quickly popping off the mud floor, displaying from the other teens while flying with Dainichi towards the McWane Science Museum.
The pop trick is an essential tool for each teen god and goddess as they slowly grow into an adult god and goddess. Each one has been taught to perform a god teleport at the age of four years old, when a child can tap their two index fingers together for the act of the traveling action. When the two fingers are snapped, the child can move from the far corner in the same room to the other side wall, without being seen through the traveling action.
As each child grows stronger with their god or goddess talent and then controls that talent, the kid can move across space and time within a set of limited parameters, such like, city to city and state to state using an exact locater point. The locater point represents the touchdown spot for the god body after popping from a known geographical area, such like, their home base. The touchdown spot is magnetized with their god or goddess DNA molecules for the popper to launch backwards back into home base.
A teen god or goddess cannot teleport without using a sighted touchdown spot for traveling through linear time and space. A full operational god adult can move around the globe by snapping his fingers once at the age of eighteen years which also ends of the god and goddess fosterage ritual.
Before popping out from the school house classes, Ares had decided to follow the recommended locator point from smarter teen goddess Kuan Yi after she had studied the outlay of the museum building on her phone. The locator point was located in front of the exit door on the eastern side of the museum room.

At 07:07:07 pm, inside the Birmingham Museum, among the parted clouds and heated night, like magic, Ares and Dainichi appeared one after another in front of the double exit doors in bright red hue within an empty hallway that led towards an individual male and female lavatory room before heading upstairs into the grand exhibition room.
Ares slowly strutted ahead and left Dainichi behind, heading into Men’s bathroom open archway on the left side within an empty hallway, entering the space and scanned each bathroom stall. Each one was empty without a human male. He moved ahead and stopped in front of the reflection mirror, brushing off collected dust and lint from his white tinted dinner jacket while admiring him person, exhaling all the nervousness from his body. He smiled and softly spoke with confidence. “Do it, too it!”
The four words: Do it, too it. They were the unofficial motto for the teen gods and divas. He spun around and exited the bathroom space meeting her brown tinted eyeballs.
Dainichi patiently waited and leaned against the peach colored opposite wall for him to emerge out from the bathroom.
Mithras was correct. Dainichi needed to be watched. She carried too much confidence for a young teenage goddess that had volunteered for a very important teenly mission. 
Ares was scared to death of being caught, captured, and carried off to a real jail cell holding area without the benefit of an adult to bail him out of the difficult situation. Granny Hanover was missing from the school house building. Mr. and Mrs. Windsor couldn’t be found at the moment.
Dainichi smirked and wore a short black sequined short, wiggling her left hand, disappearing into thin air, without a trace.
Ares studied the side wall of peach hue that had exhibited her last known position. He couldn’t see any outline of a girly figure either and couldn’t feel her girly presence like Thianne had done at the Salem State College. He didn’t know, if Dainichi was behind his back spine or beside his rib cage or in-between him and the wall.
He turned with a stern face and faced the set of wooden steps, slowly moved ahead with Dainichi somewhere close beside his person. He guessed. Ares climbed the steps and entered a very large auditorium, standing a few feet from the staircase while scanning the entire scene with his pair of turquoise eyes while the classical musical composer Bach softly bombarded both of his eardrums.
On the side wall in pale blue hue, a large glass display detailed the story of ancient watches without a single curiosity human reading the historical information. 
On the forward wall in pink hue, a long of food tables with an individual yellow or orange tinted table cloth had been placed on the side wall of bright yellow hue. In front of the food tables, small groups of social human, who were talking or eating or drinking items from each food table.
In the center of the large space, scattered tiny tables held a high vase of flower arrangements with tall sunflowers and pretty orange tinted roses as each centerpiece decoration. A row of chairs were wrapped with yellow fabric and exhibited a bright orange tinted bow. Most of the guests were seated while eating and chatting there.
On the opposite side wall in orange hue, three built-in wooden tiers displayed an assortment of wall or desk or table clocks.
On the rear wall in lavender color, two shallow built-in wooden  tiers presented an array of wrist or throat or ankle watches minus a security guard.
Ares didn’t see a uniformed security when meant each one of them was disguised as an invited guest also. Like Kuan Yi had mentioned before, there might be a few disguised hunger FREDS and GREGS looking for their supper meal, right before their midnight snack too.
He lifted up the slick small black colored backpack onto his collar bone and exhaled with nervousness. Kuan Yi said that an invited guest did not bring or tote around a piece of luggage to a social event. Thianne pointed out the small backpack could carry and conceal all the charmed wrist watches, in case of emergency, if Ares needed to dump all the merchandise somewhere safe for a later pickup time.
Inside the exhibition room, Ares elegantly strutted towards the forward wall with the long of food table. It was better to fit into the crowd while eating and drinking. The food trays consisted of sliced beef, chicken fitting into toddler tiny rolls, rabbit food of carrots and broccoli, other finger vegetables, tiny quiches, shrimp and oysters and finally, tiny square cuts of brownies and assorted smaller cookies for dessert. At the end of the food table, a tray of ice cold glasses displayed yellow tinted champagne or closed bottles of beer or glasses of red wine. He settled on a large glass of water with a small plate of food items that occupied both cupped hands, chewing on a cold carrot stick, slowly spinning around, strutting towards the side wall of clocks.
An older woman at one of the table leaned into the face on another older female and spoke with whispered words without viewing Ares. He continued to cross the semi-empty room, when she looked up and winked at Ares. He continued to strut ahead and chewed on the thick carrot stick, surveying the other tiny tables which held older couples or mature married couples, whose dollars had sponsored the exhibition clock and watch show or benefited the local charity organization for the museum showcase. He stopped and parked at the end of the wooden shelf staring at the numerous types of wall clocks.
Ares exhaled with nervousness and continued to chew the hard carrot stick studying a wall modern day and ancient wall or desk or table clocks. Each item didn’t appear to be in any particular order based on historical decade or age of clock invention. His eyeballs distinguished each mechanical or electric clock. Some of the more interesting mechanical time pieces included three Germany-made 1400 AD coo-coo clocks, one Dutch pendulum clock from the 1650, and a marine chronometer to navigate the high sea built in the country of England in the year 1777.
He did not believe that a wall or a desk or a table clock would transform into an excellent god body shield coming from one of the god or goddess parents, so he slowly scooted down the wall and pretended to admire each item with a fluttering stomach. He quickly and quietly wanted to find the eleven unknown watches and leave the social event without an incident. He stopped and stood in front of the line of last wall clocks, pretending to study each one, swallowing the mushy carrot spit down his tight throat. He coughed out and slowly slid through the wall corner, standing in front of the first column of three tiers of body watches with his sole purpose for visiting a stuffy charity event.
Within the three tiers, some of the watches displayed various French, English and American assorted pocket watches and some decorative watch pins and a few throat necklaces between the time periods of 1600s to 1800s. Numerous electric analog wrist watches came from the time period frames of the 1950s, 1960s and 1970s. Numerous digital functional and fashionable wrist bands from the 1980s to present day.
Ares exhaled with worry and stared at a few of the wrist watches which were priceless collection items. He noted one of them. An 1840 French wrist watch was constructed in solid gold squares with a set of diamond and turquoise stone inlays. The face had a solid gold cover over the analogy clock. That baby was an antique item, not a play toy.
Ares, also, noted some of displayed wrist and necklace watches came from highly expensive manufacturing companies of wrist bands, such as Italian Panerai, French Cartier, and Swiss Rolex. Within his active mind, he hoped those particular famous brand name watch companies were not one or more of the charmed watches which had been left by goddess mom or god dad for their baby god or diva. He inhaled and held his sour breathing. If so, Ares might be sharing a different bed for the evening away from school house building, the Windsor Farms and his private warm bed mattress.
On top of the carpeted floor, Ares slowly looked back over his collar bone and studied each socializing guest with an alcoholic drink that was numbing their brain cells without remembering his brief and short visit to the traveling exhibition showcase. He returned back and his sight to his purpose. He leaned over and gently dropped the glass of sweaty water down on the tray, standing upright with a stern face, sliding his backpack in front of his chest, holding the small plate of food in his free hand.
His plan was to admire each watch while eating without viewing each guest. In reality, he would use god kinesis and whip out, hovering the Voodoo Ares doll in front of his chest with the backpack flap open which was located in front of his belt. Dainichi would move in and grab up each charmed watch, dumping down into its new home.
Ares admired each different watch without touching the red velveteen security rope and wiggled his hand activating his god powers. His suit jacket opened and then the doll slowly lifted up from the deep pocket hovering in front of his rib cage. The green tinted beam shot out and split into two smaller ray, tapping two different targets, a 1970s wide black leather double banded electric silver faced analogy wrist watch and a Casio designer brand G-shock sports wrist watch. Ares shoved the doll back down into his suit jacket pocket using his god kinesis, cutting off the lighted beam. He crunched on carrot stick using his free hand.
He swiftly levitated the backpack from his chest cavity for capturing each one of the two identified items. Like magic, each wrist watches swiftly lifted off from the wooden shelf and rapidly soared through the air waves, moving rapidly in the air waves, dumping with her goddess force motion down into the dark hole. Ares balanced the violent impact with another touch his god kinesis and then shuffled his two feet another five feet to the right while whispering his words into the goddess hearing, “Careful there, babe!”
Ares floated the doll out from his jacket again. A green tiny beam shot out and then split into three legs tapping three more wrist watches. At this pace, his teenly mission will be completely within fifteen minutes and then return back home for some lovely rest and relaxation.
Dainichi floated up the Patek Philippe Calatrava designer brand wrist watch, a Timex designer brand carriage watch, and finally a Bertolucci designer brand stainless steel sports watch in the air and then dumped all three items down into the backpack, sounding with a set of metal tings inside the cloth pouch.
Ares side stepped another five feet and hovered the doll  in the air, eating a piece of warm cooked shrimp. He didn’t know if the seafood tasted good or not. His nerves overwhelmed his taste buds at the moment. He was at the half-way point with a collection of six more watches for the teens. The doll did not produce a green tinted ray on the set of watches. 
Ares cursed. “Dang it!” This wall space didn’t hold any of the charmed wrist watches. He scooted five feet to the side and then stopped, lifting up the doll in the air. A green tinted ray shot out and split into four avenues hitting four different watches inside three different wooden tiers.
“Impressive assembly of clocks, wouldn’t you agree?” The female voice attacked the back spine on Marcus and as the body appeared and stood beside him, reaching out, touching Ares on the arm.
The doll dropped back down into his pocket cutting off the green tinted ray. Marcus jumped a few inches from the carpet and landed back down hard while spilling some of the shrimp pieces on top of the clean carpet, barely catching his hovering backpack in his free hand, before the heavy bag of watches hit down on top of one of his shiny tuxedo shoes.
She squatted down and picked up each spill shrimp piece on the floor with her cloth napkin, slowly standing upright, replacing them back onto his messy plate. She looked up into his face with a gasp of shock. “I’m so sorry, sir! But you appear to be a young and handsome man.” The middle-aged suntanned alligator-skinned older woman stood and dressed in a long yellow lace gown, giving Ares a sweet smile.
Ares turned and nodded to the old woman. “Yes ma’am! I am mighty impressed with a bunch of tick-tocks just to keep time a-moving.” He hoped to finish their chat very quickly.
Dainichi couldn’t be seen by Ares, but he knew that her goddess invisibility skill would allow her to see and hear the words. She didn’t move any of the charmed watches. Ares hoped that Dainichi memorized the location of each charmed watch. Else he would have to waste more teenly time and then withdraw the doll from his pocket again, repeating the slick god skill.
The woman cut her eyeballs up and down on Ares and presented a wicked smile, batting a pair of mascara eyelashes with a bold flirt. “It is so nice to see young man attend all of those boring social calls. Are you with a date?” She was a direct threat to the teenly mission.
Ares cleared his throat and nodded with a smile. “I am afraid so, ma’am. My special girl is attending the ladies room. I just wait patiently like a good scout,” he softly chuckled.
“Well, if one day, you aren’t interested in her anymore, give me a ring,” she dropped her card on the top of the food plate and winked at Ares. “I could show you some more impressive clocks.”
He looked down and read the tiny business card, returning back, winking at her. “Of course, I will do that, Miss Evans.” She back stepped with a smile and a nod, spinning around, returning back to her table with her friend.
Too close!
He looked up and faced the wall of wrist watches, exhaling with relief, opening the backpack with his free hand. He slowly looked back over his collar bone and studied each tiny table with an assortment of nicely dressed invited guests. They were occupied with drinking, eating, laughing and chatting. Ares was starting to sweat on his forehead and reached up, wiping off the sweat with his free hand. Fighting a house full of warlocks and his school mentor Granny Hanover was easier than this silent sneaking spy stuff.
Dainichi was still invisible and standing beside Ares, accessing her goddess power, shifting each of the four watches one-at-a-time through the air, dumping each one down into the pouch on the backpack.
Ares returned back and gasped in shock, staring at the 1840 French made gold and diamond number. That watch was priceless. She quickly hauled all the loot down into the backpack. He slowly sideways and stood in front of a new portion of the wooden tiers.
Ares opened his suit jacket and then maneuvered the doll up from the pocketing hovering it in the air waves. The green tinted light flashed on the last two watches, a Citizen Watch designer brand sports metal wrist watch and a plain pink tinted skinny leather band with a oval face Bravura designer brand wrist watch. Dainichi wasted no time and lifted up the item, dropping each wrist watch down into the bag.
"Eleven!" He closed his two eyelids and whispered with happiness for his eardrums, swiftly spinning around, closing the flap on his backpack. He slowly strutted to the side wall with the perpendicular staircase without looking back to each social. His heart fluttered rapidly like he was going to have a heart attack and turned, racing down the staircase, moving ahead down the well-lit corridor with a smirk. He hugged the wall paint like a watch thief and concealed the heavy backpack hearing each tiny ring coming from each colliding face plate on every stolen watch. He almost reached the archway at the Men’s restroom and was twenty feet from his touchdown spot.
“Sir!” the male voice called ten feet from the back spine on Ares.

At 07:29 am, god teen Ares stopped with worry in front of the open archway beside the Men's Bathroom and hoped that loud voice was a silly shout out for another party.
Dainichi stepped out from the Men’s Bathroom and hid beside the side wall, wearing a casual flowery outfit, extending both of her arms in the shadows, wiggling her fingers for the backpack of stolen wrist watches. Ares slipped the backpack over from his chest and handed the item to her. She slipped back into the dark wall corner and popped out from the bathroom space returning back home to Alabama with a smile.
Ares spun around and nodded with a smile to the short human male. “Hello! Are you calling for me, sir?” The male was dressed in a dark blue plain business suit with a blaring red tinted necktie minus any fashionable pocket handkerchief, a set of glittering cuff links and a golden tie pin. Ares exhaled with worry. The man clearly represented the security force for the traveling showcase.
“You forget to leave your food plate, sir!” The man pointed down at the dirty plate that was glued onto Ares' hand.
Ares only held a single-minded thought was escape from the McWane Science Center with the stolen expensive watches.
“I am so sorry, sir! My body functions quickly called for assistance here.” Ares pointed into the open archway at the Men’s bathroom and handed over the dirty plate to the disguised security guard.
“Sir, are you alone at the charity event today?” He accepted the plate and stared at Ares.
Ares smiled. “Well, I am going into the Men's bathroom alone that is most certain.” He slowly slid his body towards  the open archway with a nod while staring at the guard.
The guard slowly scooted over and stood in front of Ares with a fake smile, “You seem very young to be attending this grow-up social event.”
“My great grandfather was a watch maker. My passion runs in the family, so to speak.” Ares softly chuckled with the quick fib of the great fairy tale.
The security guard quickly examined Ares with deep suspicion. “Watch maker! Is it your current family business?”
“My current family is into crop farming.” He nodded.
Either, his mother or dad was a god or goddess with unlimited supernatural powers and wealth. He didn’t know what the other parent did for a living. All that information was mystery and suspense, until he turned eighteen years old which was occurring within two more solar days. He would meet his true biological parents for the first time. Since he was fourteen years old, Ares lived with Mr. and Mrs. Windsor at the Windsor Farms which was both a rescue center and farm property for crops and animals. So, he was partially telling the truth to the calm but curiosity security guard.
He reached out and extended his arm presenting his open palm, nodding with a stern face at Marcus, “Sir, may I see some identification, please?”
“Yes, of course, you may see my identification.” Ares pulled his wallet from the coat pocket, where he also kept the pair of charmed sunglasses as his god helmet, the new mobile telephone for his god sword and the charmed wrist watch for his god shield. He presented the plastic cared to the open palm. Ares had not changed his personal true identification with a new name or a new older age.
The guard snatched up the plastic card and silently read the information, looking up with confusion. “Do you really live on top of a mountain peak. Is there farmland on a mountain?”
“Yes, sir, that is the single answer to both of your personal questions.” He appeared polite but needed for the guard to twirl around and wander back into the exhibition room without suspicion. Then Marcus could pop off the carpet and return back home to Windsor Farms.
“Son, please, come with me!” The guard cuddled the identification into his chest and thumbed back over his collar bone at the staircase.
Ares nodded with a smile but only needed a few more seconds and he would experience teenly freedom. “Of course, may I ask is there something wrong? You are a police officer. You didn’t carry a gun.”
“I’m in charge of the walls of clocks and watches, son.” The guard dropped his hand and spun around, leading Marcus/Ares back up each step going by the traveling exhibition room, where the wall of clocks and watches were being shown into the large auditorium. He continued up the steps and stepped off the third floor, moving ahead with a stern face down the side wall without art works and presented in stark white paint.
Ares stepped off the steps and scanned a narrow empty hallway staring ahead at an open archway at the end of the short corridor. This was the secure office. He looked up and searched the walls and ceiling tiles for a security surveillance equipment using his god powers. He didn’t find any of these electronic operating devises on this floor or down on the lower floors.
Birmingham is a medium-sized metro city with a limited local government funding, especially for each art and cultural event. Most of art work is produced by local artists and talents for sale in the local art shows and bazaars, not here inside the McWane Science Museum. The museum is an interactive center for children, teens, and adults to learn and participate in science projects and game models about Planet Earth, outer space waves, and wildlife animals. Each science booth and every fun science games provides hands-on participation which is surrounded with hidden pieces of security equipment that monitors and protects each rambling child at fun play.
The guard entered into a tiny enclosed room made of solid wall tile panel and stopped in front of a small metal white tinted table, standing behind one side, tapping on top of the metal with his fingers with a set of tiny tings. He looked up and nodded to Ares. “Son, please, stand on the opposite side of the metal table and then empty out the contents from your dinner jacket and pants pockets.”
“All right! May I ask what’s happening here?” Ares moved inside, stopped, and stood behind the metal table without a single chair, looking down with a smile, rattling the contents from his pockets.
He stared with a stern face at the black tinted hair roots on Marcus, “Son, a naught person has taken some of the wrist watches out from the open display shelves inside the auditorium room which is located down below me and you.”
“Am I a suspect, here, sir?” Marcus/Ares slowly removed each item from his suit pocket while impatiently waiting for his god and goddess friends. Dainichi had popped back down inside the school house classroom and tattled the terrible story about the capture of Ares.
Marcus/Ares was not going to confess to the true crime, since he did not carry a single piece of criminal evidence on his body. Therefore, all in all, he was innocent and should become freed from the current crime and allowed to leave the Center, once the guard was out of the security room. Marcus/Ares had calculated one minute and forty-three seconds to escape from the tiny room, race down the hallway, perform a frog-leap, landing down on the ground floor. Then he would god race towards the touchdown spot, returning back home to Windsor Farms.
“Only if, I find one of the missing watches on your body, son.” The security man smiled at Marcus/Ares.
“Well, that action would make sense, to me, for you.” Ares smiled and continued to slowly pull out each item from his jacket one at a time, holding each item in front of his face for the guard, placing each one of his personal items on top of the metal table in a row, echoing with a sharp ting. The guard watched in silence each movement from Ares. The pair of sunglasses displayed first, then the money wallet, then the mobile telephone, and finally the bulky wrist watch.
The guard examined each item and looked up, nodding to Ares with a stern face, “Are there more items inside your pair of pants, son?”
He reached down and patted the suit jacket flat, tapping the trousers which did not possess a pocket while indicating there was no more objects on his person.
However, the criminal interrogation was not finished yet.
The guard reached out and grabbed the watch, smiling down at the item, “This is a nice Oris BC4 flight timer with a retail value of 3,890 dollars. Does this expensive watch really belong to you, son?” He looked up and nodded with a stern face.
Marcus/Ares exhaled with annoyance and did not possess one of the stolen watches from the traveling exhibition, where each stolen item was safely housed at the school house classroom with Thian and the other teens. He grinned. “Yes, that is my personal wrist watch, sir. Officer, if there isn’t a problem here, then may I leave the security office and the Center?”
He replaced the wrist watch down on top of the table and frowned at Ares, “Well, you see, there are two events for me to investigate here. One, a number of watch items are missing. And, two, you don’t seem to belong here at the social event. Mrs. Evans thought I should talk with you about both of those matters.”
“I have not have the stolen any items, sir.” Ares smiled.
“Let’s see here!” The security guy reached down and grabbed a piece of paper, lifting up the item into his face, reading out loud to Ares. “The missing items are as follows. One 1975 Rebel wrist watch by designer Lambretta at 89 dollars. One Casio designer brand G-shock wrist watch which is priced at 625 dollars. One Jelly rhinestone electric blue leather band sports watch valued at twelve dollars. One Patek Philippe Calatrava white gold round black leather band wrist watch for a male which prices at 19,800 dollars. One Blancpain fifty fathoms automatic sports watch with a black face and a black leather band for a guy at 12,500 dollars. One Timex carriage watch for a lady with a silver plated and a gold plated wrist band priced at fifteen dollars. One Audemars Piguet designer brand rose gold tinted circular face with a brown alligator strap for a lady priced at 2,220 dollars. One Van Cleef and Arpels designer brand white tinted golden oval face which is surrounded by diamonds on a black calfskin band strap at 2,550 dollars for a woman. One Bertolucci designer brand stainless steel round sports lady watch for 2,400 dollars. One Bedat and Company designer brand solid rose gold watch with a circle of diamonds on the face for a lady prices at 2,700 dollars. And finally, number eleven of the stolen items is a French-made solid yellow gold, diamond, and turquoise inlay lady's wrist watch that had been made in the year 1840 which is valued as priceless.”
Marcus/Ares nodded with a smile to the guard. “I didn’t possess any of these expensive watches, sir. May I leave now from the security office?”
"Son, there, to me, seems to be a problem here. Several observant guest eyewitnesses told me that you had stood motionless staring at the wall of wrist watches for a very long time. Why is that, son?”
Marcus/Ares nodded with a grin, “Well, I was eating and enjoying the wall of watches on the rear wall. The view was great for my eyeballs, sir.”
“So, you were eating the food and admiring the hardware. Where is your girlfriend?”
Ares nodded. “What about my girlfriend?”
“You told Mrs. Evans that you arrived here at the exhibition with a female date. Where is your female date?”
“She had to leave …”
“….with the bag of stolen wrist watches.” The guard finished the sentence with a stern facial expression.
Marcus/Ares frowned. “No! My girlfriend had to leave as she had a nighttime curfew from her loving parents.” He decided to act like a teenager and pointed down at his identification that displayed his true god age as seventeen years old. Mr. Tough Guy guard could not touch Ares, without contacting his guardian, who was Mr. and Mrs. Windsor. They were responsible for his teenage well-being and personal safety, where he official resided.
“Well, that’s too bad here! I guess I’ll hold you here until you can call your girlfriend to come back into this security office for a set of my professional questioning.” The secure man reached out and grabbed the silver tinted mobile telephone, handing back to Ares.
Ares cringed with worry and stared down at his personal mobile telephone. If  he pressed the on button on the true god weapon telephone, it would activate the god sword. This mobile telephone did not broadcast a set of words, only a group of skin wounds. Ares touched the phone and pulled it into his face, tapping different parts of the metal while pretending to dial a true telephone number. He looked up and pointed at the phone. “Well, I’m afraid my mobile telephone is dead. I guess I like to talk with too much time to my girl.” He chuckled with the fib and handed his phone back to the guard.
The guard accepted the phone and tapped on the button without activating the god powers inside the special god weapon, exhaling with annoyance. “Yeah! You’re right. I’ll get you another one that works.” He whipped out his personal mobile telephone and typed out a text message to one of the other security guard for assistance with a suspect criminal, finishing the text, stowing the phone down into his suit jacket pocket. He looked up and reached out, snatching up the wrist watch, smiling at Ares. “While we wait here! I heard tell that this baby has air flight data coming from all over the world. Can you can access that flight data on the face for me? Can you show me how it words, son?” He handed the watch back to Ares.
Ares cringed with worry and accepted back his personally assigned god wrist watch that came from his biological parents. This was another test to pass indicating that the expensive wrist watch belonged only to Ares. He couldn’t slap the watch band onto his naked arm, because the god body shield would appear as he was not a full-fledged god adult but still a lowly deva.
Secondly, the mechanics inside the wrist watch were dead and did not function, because of magical god rule.
Ares couldn’t explain the god physics to another human including this rough and tough security guard. He twisted the side dial back and forth without using the same verbal excuse that his wrist watch was dead. He continued to touch each one of the tiny button and every tiny dial viewing a pair of still clock hands which were not moving, until his brain cells could think of a new plan of action. Maybe, Ares should power up all of his god weapons and scare the bugger into a heart attack. He softly snorted with amusement.
The guard frowned down at the hair roots on Ares, “Well, son, can you provide any flight data to show me on your watch?”
“Well, I don’t use that specific function while on a hot date with my girl, sir.” Ares didn’t face the man but commented underneath his breath. If he pretended to work on the request, then maybe, the guy would be satisfied with his teenager incompetence.
“Well then, slap it on your wrist bone and show me how the lights works!”
Ares cringed with worry. That was not possible, unless the man wanted his eyes to budge out from both of his eye sockets at the upcoming god surprise. He continued to work each dial and mumbled underneath his breath. “One request at a time! I think. I think I get some data on the flight plans on the face for  you, sir.” He lied and continued to twist clockwise and then counterclockwise each dial which didn’t move a darn thing but wasted time for his escape plan to formula within his active brain cells during this criminal investigation, without injuring the human security guard.
“Let’s me see the watch, son!” The man extended his hand to Ares. “What does the data look like?”
“There! Do you see the flight data on the watch face, sir?” Ares lied again with a smile and handed the watch back to the secure guy while buying more time, before his escape from the human world returning back to the teen scene at the Windsor Farms.
The guard examined the watch face and frowned down at the watch. “I can’t see any of the flight numbers. Place it on your wrist bone, son! Or does the expensive wrist watch not belong to you, son?” He extended the watch back to Ares as he called out Ares’ bluff.
Ares exhaled with worry and decided this was the only way to get out of this delicate situation. Once he strapped the titanium band down onto his wrist bone, the god shield would glide elegantly into a golden sphere while scaring the guy down on the floor and into a medical coma.
Ares retrieved the wrist watch and extended his arm, slowly lowering the watch band down onto his exposed wrist bone as the security man watched the movement.

At 08:08 pm, the security office door slammed open and created a loud boom sound against the plastic wall, revealing two individuals.
Both the guard and Marcus turned to face the open archway and gasped in shock.
“Deva Marcus!” Granny Hanover stood with a sour frown inside the open archway inside the doorway. She was dressed in a designer pant suit with red tinted tiny apples from the S-Sung fashion collection, standing beside teen goddess, seventeen years old Dainichi.
Dainichi wore the same Vera Wang designer plantation dress with a beige bodice and a long skirt with purple and pink strips which Ares had dressed on his girlfriend Thianne, before leaving the safety of the school house classroom. Dainichi smiled and winked at Ares as her diamond tiara sparkled on top of her bob of black tinted short hair strands.
“Granny Hanover, is that you?” Ares laughed with confusion, puzzlement and relief, staring at his mentor.
The secure man frowned at Granny Hanover. “Is this your blood relative and your missing girlfriend, son?” Dainichi giggled at the guard. Ares nodded and stared at Granny without words.
Granny slapped her chest and nodded to the guard, “I am Granny Hanover. What are you doing with the boy, in this enclosed room, sir?”
The security man smiled. “Well, it's very nice to meet you, Mrs. Hanover. Who are you by the way?”
“No one! I sent the boy ahead of me to admire the wall of clocks. When I had arrived and found him absent from the exhibition room, I inquired about his whereabouts. I was told that you were escorting my boy from the exhibition room and inside the security room,” Granny spoke with a stern tone and stroked her necklace with her hand while touching her hair bun with her free hand. “Why is Deva Marcus here with you and not with me?”
“Please come and sit down at this table, Mrs. Hanover. We have much to discuss before midnight hour.” The secure guard tapped down on the metal table.
“We will not be discussing any topic, subject, or matter.” Granny nodded to the older human male without viewing Marcus. “Deva Marcus, my parked automobile is located on the city street in front of the building. So, please go from here and leave with Devi Dainichi, right now.”
“Yes, ma’am!” Ares nodded with a smile and quickly moved ahead towards Granny Hanover, sliding around the goddess mentor. He didn’t bother with a hand wave or a vocal gesture at the security man, dashing down the side wall of white paint.
Dainichi spun around with a smile and pulled up beside Marcus, strolling with him, climbing down the steps. He hit the ground floor and dashed ahead towards the double set of exit door which was blocked by numerous standing security guards, where the touchdown point was shimmering underneath a row of artificial dull tinted overhead lights, which only a god or diva could see with their supernatural god eyeballs. 
Ares halted and exhaled with worry. Dainichi stopped with him and tugged on his suit jacket in the direction of the glass covered front doors. They turned and moved out the door, entering into the night sky, standing on top of the vanilla walkway. The time was close to ten at night. The moon and stars brought out the gang of FREDS and GREGS for their suppertime meal and some gory fun.
He leaned down and whispered into her face. “Did you get the bag of wrist watches to the other teens safely?”
“Yeah!” She smiled and scanned the city street.
He gasped in shock. If Granny had found about the teenly mission which each teen had gathered each god and diva weapon for a defensive stance against Satan’s Grandmother, then all hell would erupt here on Planet Earth. He whispered. “And how much does Granny know about the secret collection of the wrist watches, the sunglasses and the mobile telephones?”
She sneered. “Nothing! I know nothing! I took nothing! Granny noticed that you were missing from her little of army of god brats. She wondered why Thianne wasn’t with whining about your missing person with her sissy girly goddess display of defiance, as usual.”
He exhaled with worry. “And how much did you spill about our teenly mission, Dainichi?”
She exhaled with annoyance. “Spill stuff like spilling a glass of milk on top of the floor. Nada. Zero. Zippo. I’m part of the god and goddess army, Ares.”
He exhaled with relieve and nodded at the city street with cars and  people. “That’s great! Thanks for your quick thinking idea exchange hiding in the men’s room. That was too close. Are the teens coming to help?”
“What help from a god or goddess teen? You’re out from that nasty human museum and standing safe and sound with me on top of the sidewalk in the lovely bright moon rays of a romantic night, Ares.” She giggled with a grin and reached over, holding his forearm with both of her hands.
He continued to survey and the crowded parking lot for the getaway automobile. “Where is the parked car located here, Dainichi? I didn’t know Granny could drive any type of mechanical or electrical or beastie vehicle?” Ares laughed.
She flipped her hand to the side with a smile. “Granny does not. Granny told me that we take a taxi cab which is parked by the yellow tinted fire hydrant traveling back to the farm, unless you are able to pop both of us back there from here. Do you see the yellow rust bucket of bolts that appears like a taxi cab?”
He frowned. “No. I cannot pop both of us off the city street sidewalk without the locater point which is located inside the ground floor level inside the museum. Yeah! Let’s move to the ugly taxi cab.” Ares turned and left the entrance door on the Center while anticipating Granny’s departure from the museum also staring at the taxi cab. “I don’t how far the travel range from the museum back to the farm and neither do you. I guess the taxi cab ride will calm my frilled nerves. Do you have some human money?” She pulled out a wad of human dollars from her new Vera Wang designer brand beige colored hand clutch, holding the item near her smile, winking at him. He nodded at the money. “Are we waiting for Granny to depart from the museum also?”
She shook her bob with the sparkling diamond tiara. “No! Granny told me to leave with you immediately.”
“What is Granny doing to that secure guy wiping his mind?”
“Granny didn’t tattle to me. But she is a supernatural lexicon probably casting one of her evil goddess spells over his hair roots so  he will forget about me and you by morning.” She giggled. 
He exhaled with worry and stopped beside the ugly taxi cab, reaching out, opening the door like a southern gentleman for a lady. Dainichi bent down and slid down into the rear bench seat on vehicle first. He scooted on top of the bench seat and closed the rear door shut.
Dainichi leaned over and whispered into the cheekbone on the taxi driver, handing the wad of human money. Ares stared out the glass window through the side door with worry. She sat back and reached out, grabbing his hand, giggling with a grin. “Well, we are out  from the farm and about the town. We should go and eat some ice cream. I’m craving something cool and sweet after our adventure.” The taxi cab slowly pulled away from the sideway and slowly drove down the busy city street heading into the downtown.
He continued to survey the night environment searching for a single or group of FREDS and GREGS, looking back over his collar bone, staring at the glass entrance doors, not seeing Granny but some of the guest. “No! We’re going back home. We’re on a mission which succeeded just barely. Next, we go and find Satan’s Grandmother and then next …” He turned and frowned at her. “Where did you find, Granny? I thought she had been missed from the school house and very busy for her classroom of students. No other teen has reached her for the past two days.”
She slapped her chest with a smile. “Granny inquired about us.”
He frowned. “Inquired! What do you mean that she had called you?”
“I’m her favorite goddess.”
He chuckled. “Man, I had thought, all this time, I was her favorite goddess.”
“You receive a set of punishment duties for becoming her un-favorite god, Ares. You should learn to act and behavior like a big bad god, which you’re entitled to become really soon at the age of eighteen years of age.”
“Well, I wanted to have a little fun, before I become that boring and snoring entitled god. Why are you the favorite goddess with Granny?”
“I do what I’m told to do all the time.” She batted her two eyelashes with the messy mascara and her two eyelids covered in purple and  yellow tinted makeup while flirting with Ares, who was a taken teen god with his girl Thianne.
He laughed at her silly statement and her ugly makeup. Thianne did not need or care to wear fake makeup. He frowned. “I don’t.” Ares looked over and stared through each glass window with puzzlement. The cabbie was slowly driving through each empty city streets in downtown Birmingham, without advancing towards the city of Fultondale, where their homestead resided on top of Sand Mountain.
The business district consisted of hospitals, medical office buildings and the university campus office which was seven blocks south from the main highway and closed after the range of working hours, except for the guarded and secured medical centers. No one living in Birmingham ever traversed in downtown after darkness, because of crime, the gang of criminals and all of the un-natural creatures which were the gangs of FREGS and GREGS.
He leaned forward and slapped the front seat with a smile. “Hey, buddy! The main highway which is named Interstate 65 is located west from 23rd Avenue. You need to turn to the left right now.” The taxi driver turned to the left and drove down another empty city street.
She smiled at his rear skull. “I’ll protect your god body, Ares.”
“Sure, Dainichi!” He leaned back against the partly torn and worn leather seat inside the taxi, closing his two eyelids while resting and relaxing and exhaled with relief of a terrible night.
“I still want a dish of vanilla ice cream and some heated chocolate brownies.”
“You can get that particular and other sweet dessert items back at home. We’re going back home. I’m dog tired.” He moaned with a sour frown.
She slapped both of her hands down in her lap and frowned down at the floor. “I’m bored at the farm. We’re out of there for a little while. How about hitting the sights of downtown Birmingham? There are blue and green entertainment lights over there along the city street with people and music and food trays.” Dainichi bounced on the seat and turned pointing her manicured finger to the side window at each busy sidewalk with happy humans.
“No! The downtown areas is too dangerous for me and you, Dainichi, until we become full-fledged gods and goddesses.”
“I’m just suggesting that we ate a dish of cold ice cream. We will take twenty minutes flat to get back home?” She frowned.
“We are going back home to the farm.”
She snarled at his nose profile. “Are you trying to order me around like you do with Thianne?”
He didn’t move from his comfortable position resting his head against the worn seat. “I don’t order Thianne around to anywhere. I told you about the gang of FREDS and GREGS and the downtown during the nighttime and all of the danger moments. Do any of those nouns produce trouble? Don’t you understand my word, diva?”
“You didn’t understand me at all, Ares.”
“I shouldn’t need to remind you, right now. Danger. Danger is coming Will Robinson.” He laughed.
“What does that silly expression mean to me?”
“That expression comes from an ancient 1970 television program meaning danger to me and for you.”
“I don’t like us arguing like a set of children.” She moved closer into Ares and leaned over, blowing into his eardrum.
He slid over to the side door with a frown, “Fine! Don’t talk about a dish of ice cream right now. I'm experiencing some pretty bad daydreams about gangs of both FREDS and GREGS.” Ares turned and surveyed the new roadway with a gasp. The short taxi ride was taking a long time arriving at the main roadway interstate. He returned back and yelled out loud at the rear skull on the stupid taxi driver, “Hey, buddy! You turn a wrong turn. We're heading east, not west. The shortest route goes west towards the main roadway of Interstate 65.”
She smiled at his nose profile, “Ares, do you like me?”
“What! O yeah!” He continued to monitor the driver pathway going down a new downtown city street while searching for the main roadway Interstate 65.
“I think you’re a great god.” She smiled at his nose profile.
He turned and frowned at her face like she had released a strong butt fart. “I am deva, not a god. I turn eighteen years old within two more days.” Ares leaned back into the seat and huffed out loud with annoyance at Dainichi, staring out the front windshield and observed the taxi cab driver with frustration.
She giggled with a grin, “I like you, Ares.”
“I am the man for goddess Thianne, Deva Dainichi. But you know all of that old information.”
“I could become your new girlfriend.”
He held his fury at the mere but innocent suggestion of leaving sweet and beautiful Thianne. “No, Dainichi! I’m really fond of Thianne and Thianne is really fond of me. She is the only one goddess for me.”
“I can be better for you.”
“Let’s not talk about my girl goddess Thianne. Is that okay with me? Yes! I just wanna get back to the farm.” Ares frowned at the front wind shield and leaned forward onto the front seat on the traveling taxi cab while pointing at the city street. “Cabbie, slow down and turn to western direction right here and right now.” The cabbie grunted and made the turn towards the west driving very slowly. Ares frowned at the city street. “I swear to something. I do believe that we’re further down into downtown than before.”
She turned and smiled at the wind shield, “I do not think so, Ares!”
He leaned back into the seat and turned to the side window while watching each road, every sign and then the rear skull on cabbie. “No more talking! I tired. I wanna get back home to the farm and eat some food.”
“You ate a plate of food at the exhibition museum. I saw you, well, I was standing invisible beside your tall muscular body, Ares, honey.”
“I ate some skinny pies and lots of tiny rolls with no cow beef. It was not good god food.” He burped out loud and pounded his nervous stomach while softly chuckling.
She turned and smiled at his nose profile, “I’m a good cook.”
He stared at the front windshield, “What do you cook?”
“I can cook eggs and oatmeal and …”
“That's good for you, Diva.” He commented with a smile and mystery. Dainichi was acting really weird, odd, and strange which was much more than usual tonight. Usually, the female teen did not speak a word or a giggle or a grunt but watched each teen in silence while eating each one of her daily meals at the shared dining room table. Even during the school session, she rarely spoke out a good word or a even bad word unlike Ares and Shango during the shared class time.
Dainichi smiled at his nose profile. “I would become a great wife, Ares.”
“Please, do not start up that old subject again.” He exhaled with annoyance. He only wanted to be get back home and into the warm arms on Thianne after this dangerous and successful teenly mission.
“Okay!” She sullied.
He closed his eyelids and leaned back against the headrest again. He had a aching headache from nosy goddess Dainichi and a neck pain from the stupid cabbie. The cab halted suddenly. He slipped down from the seat and fall down on the floor and struggled to stand upright bending his long torso hitting his hair roots on top of the short ceiling.
The cabbie turned around and grinned with a mouth of yellow tinted fangs and a tongue of yellow tinted drool.
“Dang it!” Ares yelled out loud at the GREG and rolled to the side, turning to see the goddess, shouting out loud in puzzlement. “Dainichi!”
She was gone from the once occupied bench seat. No! Dainichi had implemented her precious goddess talent of invisibility in which Ares had wished that he possessed the same god talent, at the moment. She might or might not be sitting next to him. Anyways, she was safe but, not him.
Ares reached down into the suit pocket and pulled out the mobile telephone and the wrist watch gasping in shock, slamming his free hand around the suit jacket. He was missing the pair of charmed sunglasses that would morph into a protective god helmet that would cover his handsome face. He reached down and scooted his hand around the floor in the taxi cab without finding the misplace item looking up at the face on the GREG, sneering in fury. "Dainichi!" He quickly created his god sword and his god shield.
In the front seat, the solo GREG twisted around and then crawled in an ugly method over the front seat drooling his yellow tinted mouth saliva from each exposed yellow tinted fangs readying for his suppertime meal. To kill a GREG, Ares must cut off one or all of the ugly toes which was impossible from this angle. So, the next best strategy was to run away from the enemy right now.
Ares twisted around and violently hit the passenger back window with his god body shield shattering the protective glass sending the shreds outwardly with his god kinesis, shooting out the messy glass down onto the nicely paved roadway. He slid sideways out through the broken window, sailed through the air, and then landed on his face and chest ten feet away from the parked taxi.
The single GREG used the taxi driver's door and slid out, standing on top of the nicely paved roadway snarling and mouth drooling at Ares. Then his waiting buddies in exact color, height, and mouth drool drips appeared and landed down on each side of the monster, starting at a grounded but unharmed teen god Ares while feeling the warm god body with a throbbing healthy heart as the newest ground prey for the suppertime meal today.
Note: A GREG does fly in the air but can run faster than an Earth cheetah. The Earth wild cat has been clocked racing on the ground at more than sixty miles-per-hour.
Ares slowly stood upright with his own god sneer and whipped his sword around the air waves, holding the god shield in front of his upper chest in the dull moonlight, staring at the row of red-eyed, gray tinted goon shits. He charged with a really nice loud god yell in part fury and part fright while slicing his sword through tons of tender muscles, into thick veins of green tinted blood proteins, and ugly orange tinted gut tissues at each GREG. Ares was winning the goon battle but losing the supernatural war.
When he killed a GREG, a new GREG replaced the pile of sizzling red and gray ashes on top of the nice road pavement. Ares could sense their massive body heat and terrible smell nearing too close at his aching and tired teenly body, seeing three rows of twenty GREDS running at him coming from behind a row of tall warehouses and buildings.
Ares continued to fight with his sword and his shield while slowly pacing backwards toward the nearest tall stone and brick building, a bank. He wiggled his hand with the words and then performed a god leap over a grove of ten feet high oak trees, landing down inside an open courtyard inside the building center while exhaling with worry. His enemies followed, of course.
He wiggled his hand with the sword again and executed a god jumped off the bed of lovely colored flowers and landed down in the middle of the cool water fountain with the lovely lighted beam projecting off the rippling water, creating pleasure pastel and vivid colors of the rainbow. 
One GREG stomped on top of the flowing sprinklers with his boot cutting off the purple ray. He drooled with yellow tinted salvia coming from his open mouth.
Ares charged ahead with a growl and sliced his sword against the throat. The GREG stumbled backwards as his head disconnected from the upright body. The body flung backwards and then swiftly gravitated through the air toward the flying skull, reattaching in mid-air.
Ares gasped in alarm and then sneered in fury, squatting down, slicing the sword low cutting at the two bone ankles on the repaired GREG separating both of the feet from the upright body. The body dropped down backwards with a GREG scream of annoyance. Ares quickly hacked through one of the steel-toe hiker boot with ease using his god sword exposing the four toe bones. He sliced off each toe which parted from one naked foot. The fallen body on the GREG prettily exploded into a fireball of red and gray hairy flames and then turned a pile of gray ashes as a light wind sweep the dead GREG remnants around the corner of the same bank building.
Ares waved his right hand. The god shield was attached to his other forearm and bicep by a set of thick leather straps. He broke off numerous thick and healthy tree limbs from the ancient tree for his aid, aiming and then slapped the other GREGS down inside the water foundation into a state of unconsciousness for a few seconds. He wiggled his right hand and performed a god leap from the water foundation landing back on top of the manicured grass with pods of pretty planted flowers. He stood upright and then heard a set of soft hissing noises beside his rib cage and behind his butthole, spinning around, cursing out loud. "I must the last meal on the planet tonight." Three rows of hungry GREGS raced ahead towards Ares for the nightly meal.
Ares wiggled his hand and performed a new god leap from the grass, flying upwards at the fifty feet mark, landing down on top of the flat office building rooftop within downtown Birmingham on 26th Avenue city street. He stood in place and exhaled with worry using his pair of god eyeballs scanning each city street below. He could try an unauthorized pop trick and return back home to the farm, maybe, without dying into nothingness.
The only problem, when the teen or adult god or goddess energy is manifested from an unprotected cold spot, such like, a cold tile floor or a cold car seat or a cold city street, parts of the physical structure would come loose and then tag along for a supernatural ride with the young teen god or goddess. This is why the pop concept is carefully supervised for a teenager and why there is a supernatural mentor like Granny Hanover at the supernatural school house building for each growing and learning supernatural teenager.
Three rows of GREGS easily launched up from the manicured grass and then gently landed down on top of the same rooftop with Ares while growling, spitting and drooling at the suppertime meal that was continuously running away.
Ares started once again his attack dance, cutting and slicing into numerous GREG body parts coughing out loud from the vile odor, until he had separate one or more toes from the foot joints. He was also slicing and dicing columns of radio towers, television cables, telephone lines, and some power electricity wires that were connected to the same building. The human workers were going to have an unpleasant surprise at their place of employment early tomorrow morning. 
He halted and exhaled with heavy breathes of hard work. The air waves were still. He surveyed the eastern side of city. Ares remembered a grassy dog park was located in the middle of downtown area. The main roadway Interstate 65 stood on the western side of downtown and more tall office buildings stood on the northern portion with more tall office buildings on the southern section of downtown Birmingham. He spotted the open grassy park surrounded by ancient tall trees with numerous cute curved loveseat benches for a pair of lovers, a nice manicured lawn for each pile of stinky dog turds, and pods of colorful flowers for each stinky bumblebee. 
H laughed. "Granny likes bees. She would like this park too." He wiggled his right hand and performed a god sail swiftly flying through the air like big bird and then landed down in the middle of the grass on both dress shoes with a smile.
Four rows of GREGS were scattered around the grass eating every rabbits, squirrel, and bird for a light snack dropping down the tiny dead animal viewing the main course, Ares. Each modified hairy werewolf dashed ahead without a sound but mouth drool charging Ares.
Ares exhaled with annoyance. "I do not like repeats." He charged ahead and whipped his sword and shield through the air hitting a GREG. One GREG slammed into the back spine on Ares wrapping both of his thick long hairy arms about the upright teen god. Another GREG punched his fist into the nose bridge on Ares breaking the teen's bone, producing a set of golden tinted blood, back stepping from Ares, licking the blood off his hairy fur.
Ares bowed his arms and released his body from the GREG, spinning around, slamming his sword and cut the upright beast in half. He wiped the blood from his broken nose and looked down with a smile at the slick sticky substance, "Wow! My own god blood is really golden color and juicy tasting. Not!" He squatted down and stabbed the edge of his shield down into the boot toes slicing off all eight toes. The dead GREG exploded into a sizzling plume of red and yellow tinted ashes blowing away the pile of dull gray remnants with the light wind breeze from Ares and the other GREGS.
Another GREG slammed into Ares. He dropped down on top of the grass and gasped in alarm, rolling over the ground, before the hungry GREG could bite his exposed neck and then suck out his god blood from the pierced vein.
A GREG sucked only blood, any blood protein would do. They could suck on cows, horses, pigs, and pigeons if the beasts were really hungry. A GREG preferred god blood, which was golden colored and sweet tasting on their acidic yellow tinted tongue, so Ares had been told.
Well, he was right now extremely desirous for their nighttime supper meal.
Ares wiggled his hand and performed a god lift up from the grass, flying through the air waves over each hairy skull, lowering down his god sword and cut off each bone skull. He spun around in the air and dropped down, charging ahead, kicking each skull before the GREG could repair and sliced down into the thick hiker boot toes, separating toes from bones until he ran out of dead GREGS. Each dust ball filled the air making him cough out loud. He spun around and drowned, seeing three rows of GREGS running out from the grove of trees, the row of plant bushes and across from the city street towards his person.
“Bull frog crap.” He moaned with annoyance and couldn’t fight all night, until dusk. He was strong. Each one of the punishment exercises with Granny Hanover were great for increasing his endurance, strength, and firming up his developing biceps and triceps into a wad of hard flesh. However, this special fight event, without a nice referee, a lovely chiming bell, and a set of red tinted ropes for body protection, was exhausting his healthy teen body.
Ares spun around and performed a god gallop towards an opening devoid of plant bushes, low tree limbs, wildflowers and sitting benches as the dull moonlight rays hit his silver tinted sword and his golden colored shield sending a massive reflection light like numerous white lasers up into the dark skyline. The rest of the nest with GREGS would see Ares very clearly here at this open spot within the grassy dog park.
Ares had calculated a 97.41 percent rate of good probability for successfully performing the god pop trick from the grassy park and then landing down on top of the manicured lawn at the Windsor Farms, without a proper and warm locator point. Ares was aiming for inside the schoolhouse, where the other teens were gathered and worried about his teenly person.
 Dainichi was there already eating her dish of cold ice cream or maybe she was walking back home using her goddess invisibility skill or calmly riding inside another rusty taxi cab while eating a cone of cold ice cream back to the farm without Ares.
Ares fumed with angry at the vanished tiny diva, who held purposefully stolen his pair of charmed sunglasses, which was his god helmet for his face protection. He reached up and touched the cut on his bloody cheekbone with his dirty finger pads.
His friend Mithras had warned Ares about Dainichi and her unknown bad goddess intentions.
Now, Ares had personal experienced her deceptive and cowardliness non-goddess ways, including stealing personal god property. Dainichi might be a young goddess but enough time had elapsed now. Thian and all of his other friends should have been searching for a misplaced Ares and was coming right here and right now while keeping Ares alive and breathing into the 23rd Century.
Ares snorted out loud and nodded his bone skull staring at the rows of GREGS. He would deal with teen goddess Dainichi later tomorrow morning, after he had consumed a hot bath, a plate of hot food, and a nice sleep inside his own warm bed mattress in his private bedroom.
The time was now to perform the pop trick returning back home to the farm homestead on top of Sand Mountain, within the human city limits of Fultondale.
On top of the smooth manicured grassy lawn without a running dog with an array of singing birds on each tree limb, a light breeze tickling his bloody wet neck muscles, and rays of dull moonlight hitting his sweaty black tinted hair roots, Ares shuffled each hand and pressed the off button on each god weapon, transforming each item back into its original state, placing the mobile telephone and the wrist watch back down into his intact jacket pocket on the torn and smelly dinner jacket. He could not perform the pop trick with an object inside his cupped hand without damaging the rest of his precious body parts. He stood like a Greek statue in the dull moonlight beams and dropped both arms down by his side, closing both of his eyelids, focusing on the red tinted dried hard and rough mud floor inside the school house building, at the Windsor Farms, on magical Sand Mountain. In an instant, Ares would know if the pop trick worked or failed. Then he wouldn’t be gone from it all. The GREGS would attack and find…
Ares flooded his active mind with Thianne, his girl and his goddess. They were going to be getting married soonest. He envisioned her face within his mind calming his nerves.
He could smell the rows of GREGS advancing towards his still body. They sensed Ares couldn’t run, hide, or fight any longer. His bloody wounds were enticing them to purr and growl for the food meal, his golden tinted god blood proteins.
Ares slowly lifted up right hand that contained his god powers high into the air for his last defiance show in case this move didn't work while concentrating and focusing and believing within his mind, his heart and his god soul on his new flight back towards his permanent home. He snapped his fingers.
Bright vivid colors blinded his two eyeballs and halted his breaths for a few seconds within an atmosphere of dead air currents. The tart sensation was both scary and thrilling at the same time within his mind, on his body and inside his soul.
Ares popped off the grass at the Birmingham city grassy dog park and then popped down on top of a rough hard surface, falling down on his knees with the sudden impact on both of his ankle bones losing his upright balance and slammed down flat on his stomach muscles and his face down onto the floor rattling each tool inside his suit jacket with a set of tiny ping sounds.

At 10:10 am, inside the school house classroom, on the rear wall, a line of teen gods and goddesses felt the shifting heated air waves and continued to stand with fear at the new energy ball, seeing a ground Ares.
“Ares!” Thianne struggled away from her brother and screamed out loud with worry, feeling the energy from Ares flood the classroom.
Thian gasped in alarm and reached out, grabbing her arm, cuddling her into his rib cage, before she could reach Ares, pulling her out the way from a large second falling object that landed on top of Ares with a heavy thud.
“Ugh!” Ares grunted out loud, after a 155 pound female GREG landed on his back spine with three of his friends that were still alive, breathing and wiggling on top of the hard floor.
“GREGS!” Kuan Yi shouted in fear.
“Attack the GREGS!” Mithras sneered in revenge.
“Kill the GREGS!” Is Chel cheered with a smile.
The other teens whipped out their new mobile telephone and morphed the item quickly into their unused shiny god sword simultaneously advancing ahead, slicing through body parts on each standing GREG, eventually cutting one toe or all toes. Each dead GREGS exploded in the air waves creating a drifting plume of red and yellow flames.
Kuan Yi raced ahead and slapped her hand on the side dried mud wall creating a large archway, where the floating piles of gray ashes swiftly drifted outside into the moonlight and down on top of the plants and grass. She released her hand and closed the open archway back into the red tinted dried mud wall.
Pele bounced up and down with excitement and a bright smile. “All right! Team work! Yay to the gods and divas!” Each teen cheered with a set of laughter, yells, and whistles.
“Burn U!” Thian had to cheer out loud with laughter.
“Shut up, Thian!” Balder frowned as he was a football fan for the revel college team.
Thianne struggled out from her brother with worry and dashed ahead to Ares, sliding over the floor, without slamming into his body. Her two shaky hands reached down and touched his body, feeling his heat and his breathing life form and gently flipping him onto his back spine. Nikki and Isis appeared with worry and squatted down pressing each palm down onto a healing goddess touch on each one of his torn and bruised and exposed skin tissues.
“Ares.” She whispered softly into his eardrum.
Ares blinked opened one eyelid and then shut it back while softly speaking. “What a day, princess! I’m beat!” He passed out on top the floor into a state of unconscious.
Thian finished administrating a set of high-five hand slaps to each teen god and spun around with a smile, advancing to Thianne, shoving her from a ground Ares, He squatted down and grabbed the bicep on Ares yelling out loud. "Get over here, guys! We got him, Thianne. Go and get into your individual bed frames, before the Windsor humans or Granny finds us still inside the school house building, divas.” Each teen god grabbed a body part and then grunted out loud while lifting a heavy and unconscious Marcus and then slowly exited the school house building moving through the night air into the Windsor Farms for everyone's bedtime ritual.
CHAPTER NINE





Sunday, June 9th
07:54:18 am

School House Building location
Classroom setting
Sunlight without clouds with warm temperatures


Pit black darkness surrounded the square shaped familiar classroom, except for a tiny stream of bright yellow tinted laser light shining down from two far wall corners illuminating a sharpened silver tinted horizontal blade which was connected to a tall wooden guillotine. The natural rope on the blade released and then sounded with a dull snap tone dropping down towards its target on the floor.
Ares and Thianne popped in and landed down on top of a smooth white tinted marble floor inside the classroom, holding hands, staring at the rear wall and gasped in alarm.
Pele, Kuan Yi, Isis, Is Chel, Dainichi, and Nikki, one-at-a-time walked through the red tinted rough mud dried entrance door and then each one stopped a few feet from the wall, staring at the rear wall, gasping in alarm also.
In the middle of the room, a tall wooden guillotine platform stand and displayed a soaring shiny blade that dropped down at a steady pace towards the floor. Then the blade sliced through the neck bone on the human with a bun of bundled yellow tinted hair strands. The human head slid off the body and hit the side of the small basket, encircling off the edge, jumping from the basket. The loose human rolled three feet in a perfect straight line over the smooth white tinted tile floor and then stopped, resting upright on the severed bloody neck muscles. A distorted female face poured red tinted blood from each eyeball, both earlobes, both nose holes, an open mouth down onto the white tinted floor missing the other puddles of wet red tinted blood proteins by a couple of math inches.
Each side wall displayed the usual hard, rough red tinted dried mud design without a single piece of lovely, funny or horrible art work or a single glass window to view the bright sunlight and rolling white clouds on the outside of the school house building. On the entrance wall, a row of standing teen gods and goddesses stood with a smile and watched the action. On the rear wall, a long row of big gawky, ugly sitting chairs stood a few inches apart and housed a different teen god sitting on top of uneven platform of black tinted metal.
starting from the left side, Balder, Mithras, Lugh, Shango, and Thian wiggled different body parts inside their new chair and laughed out loud at the sick entertainment program, this morning, without the present of Granny Hanover, of course.
Thian was posed at the lowest level and sat at one end of the long metal row, laughing with the rest of male teens inside a semi-curved, thickly padded and brightly neon orange tinted short sofa, where both of the curled sides formed an individual nice arm rest for each one of his naked elbows. He measured six feet and six inches in height and displayed a pair of gray eyeballs, a head of cropped silver tinted hair, and a tone of dark tan colored skin, wearing his usual clothing style. A pair of Levi designer brand faded and ripped pale blue jeans, a white colored tee shirt with the bold black tinted words: Burn U and a pair of Jack Purcell designer brand plain white tinted athletic sneakers. His hair roots were covered in an white tinted baseball cap backwards, not forwards. He leaned down and picked up the overturned black tinted nylon backpack that held his three god weapons from the floor, leaning it into the soft leg on the funny-looking sofa chair.
Thian did not possess a silly god nickname as the great United States of America was a true mixture of numerous culture, peoples, and traditions that came from all over the world. The only pagan tradition Thian dearly worshiped was a dangerous, vicious, bloody college football game between two revel teams and only bowed his chin down to last year's crowned USA National College Champion, the Birmingham University Bolt that ruled here in the great State of Alabama. He yelled out loud and tossed both of his arms in the air without standing from the soft cushions from his brilliant performance. "Burn U! Burn U! Burn U..."
Mithras cheered out loud and tossed one arm in the air for the slick and sick deadly show. “Yaw!” His chair with his god body was posed as fourth in line on top of the next highest metal platform, rocking his body back and forth on top of a wooden rocking chair that was designed after gigantic Earth animal giraffe. The sitting chair for his butthole displayed a long yellow tinted with brown colored spot padded chair that rocked on top of matching legs. The front of the chair was crafted after the long neck, face, and ears of the gently giraffe with a pair of handles for both of his cupped palms. On each side stomach, an individual wood-crafted matching baby giraffe stood alone like each one was moving beside his giraffe mother. His two naked feet rested on top of the flattened back spine on each fake wooden baby giraffe.
Mithras was his selected god nickname that meant, the soldiers’ god, among all the ancient Roman warriors from centuries ago. A soldier's god is a Roman god that slays a mighty Earth bull giving life to the earth soil and gathering a gang of happy fans from the Roman army.
His proper name was Fabio, who hailed from the city of Naples within the US State of Florida, not the old country of Italy. Fabio measured six feet and five inches in height and exhibited a head of light blonde colored shoulder length hair, a tone of olive colored skin, and a pair of intense light green eyes, wearing a Lanvin designer brand blue and white tinted plaid button down dress shirt over an Old Navy designer brand white tinted turtleneck shirt, a pair of D&J designer brand gray tinted walking shorts, and a pair of Santoni designer brand silver tinted slip on shoes. A Marc Jacobs designer brand green tinted canvas duffle bag contained his three god weapons that came from his unknown but loving biological parents.
“Woo-hoo!” Shango laughed out loud and lifted up both of his arms in the air, rocking back and forth inside a leather  black tinted upright, thirty-four inched, stand-up, leaning seat.
A standing desk stool or a standing desk chair comprises two components, a tall pole with a formed seat for the butthole and a vertical cushion attached to the pole that cushions the back spine down towards the feet. A standing desk stool allows the individual to rest or work in a posed position between sitting and standing without the use of a traditional office chairs with rollers or a straight back chair with two arm rests. The piece of equipment provided less pressure on our back spine and engages other muscles throughout a standing body as opposed to a sitting body.
Shango was positioned as the second god raising slightly above his god friend Thian. This particular standing desk stool for Shango slightly shifted forth and then backward with his upright body and his emotional feelings of enjoyment while watching the silly new god game in the middle of the floor. Every time he lifted one or two arms in the air, his standing stool rocked slightly back and forth massaging certain body parts with laughter and happiness.
Standing six feet and four inches in height without a strand of hair and a pair of dark brown eyes, Shango displayed a conservative green tinted Roberto Cavalli designer brand short-sleeved polo shirt and a pair of Guess designer brand khaki slacks bucked by a leather tan colored Aigner belt. He wore a pair of tan tinted Caboots designer brad zip boots each big feet and then leaned down shuffling a Long designer brand tan leather bag onto the metal platform from the swinging upright chair for protection that housed his three god weapons for his personal safety. He had selected the god nickname of Shango which meant, rain and thunder, that came from all the different sorcerers within the Thunder pantheon of Africa. However, Archibald hailed from the city of Jamestown within the US State of Virginia, not the ancient and honor country of Africa.
“Good one!” Lugh nodded with a smile and sat cross-legged on top of a lavender soft blanket inside a gigantic old-fashion matching lavender tinted baby stroller with a partial cover, wearing an Armani designer brand red tinted long-sleeved sweater, a pair of Hugh Boss designer brand brown tinted trousers, a matching pair of brown tinted tasseled loafers. A Calvin Klein designer brand brown tinted messenger bag sat in front of the stroller carriage at his crossed ankles that held his three god weapons for body protection. Lugh came from the city of Waterford within the US State of Maine, not the ancient and noble country of Ireland. He picked out Lugh, the Celtic god of light, as his fun god nickname here at the Windsor Farms completing the rest of his teenly god lessons before becoming an adult within the week of seven days at the age of eighteen years old.
“Do it, again, sir!” Balder laughed out loud and lounged inside a medium-colored green tinted metal chair that resembled the lower part of a sitting Earth insect grasshopper. On the chair, the head and upper body was missing, leaving two right hind legs and the two front legs underneath a wavy seat which was shaped like a squat and fat lower letter "w" which held the bend body of Balder in comfort. The weird wooden chair in green gently swayed back and forth like the chair was rocking a tiny newborn baby, not a teen god.
A canti-lever chair displays a set of non-traditional chair framework components without a flat seat, a straight back rest, and four straight legs. The long, outstretched, metal seat waffles up and down curving the back spine on the human while lifting each human kneecap into air which is higher than the human bone skull. The chair lies horizontal and conforms with the body like a long, lumpy sleep mattress with bent supports that erect certain body parts in the air on the sitting individual, such like, Balder.
Balder wore a Banana Republic brand blue and green plaid pair of walking shorts, an Armani designer brand pullover pink tinted cashmere sweater over a long-sleeved white tinted tee shirt, and a pair of Havaianas designer brand purple tinted flip flops. A Calvin Klein small red and white duffle bag lounged on the floor slightly touching the front grasshopper-shaped leg on the canti-lever chair. The teen god possessed a pair of pale blue eyes, a head of short cropped blonde hair, and measured six feet and five inches in height with chest and arm muscles. He liked to shout loud his chosen god nickname Balder, the love god of light, beauty, and happiness from the Norse pantheon. However, some of the other teen gods and divas enjoyed referencing and teasing out loud his proper name of Hansel. Hansel came from the city of Lund within the US State of Utah, not the sister city of Lund within the ancient and noble country of Sweden. And his current girlfriend was teen goddess Nikki.
“One thousand points!” Thian continued to sit in comfort and shouted out loud as an explosion of loud male laughter bombarded the darkness and inside each pair of eardrums on each teen god and goddess.
A few feet from the entrance wall, in the same row of goddesses, on top of the smooth tile floor, Ares cuddled his girl Thianne and shouted out loud with laughter, staring at the new fun but deadly theme environment inside the classroom, “Ah! It's a new method of punishment duty. So, Granny did come back here from the city, after her fun night of partying.” He released Thianne and leaned down, sitting a Dolce and Gabbana designer brand leather grey tinted briefcase containing his three god toys on top of the tile floor, not in a wet bloody puddle either. The briefcase rested beside one Gucci designer brand tasseled black tinted leather shoe. He stood upright with a smile and clapped for the slick deadly performance swaying his six feet and six inches height that exhibited olive skin complexion, a head of short curly black colored hair on a heart-shaped face. His facial features included an aristocratic nose, a pair of chiseled cheekbones, a set of turquoise colored eyeballs, and a pair of thin pink tinted lips which continued to smile at the deadly entertainment this morning. He reached down and straightened the suit jacket on his Ralph Lauren designer brand black tinted pin-striped business suit with a silver tinted pocket handkerchief and a matching necktie against a white colored long-sleeved dress shirt. He flexed both of his muscles and leaned over, curving them around Thianne with delight, whispering down in her eardrum all of his sexy words. He hailed from the city of Athens within the US State of Georgia, not the old country of Greece. His proper name Marcus came from his biological mom and dad when he was born here on Planet Earth as a tiny innocent baby. however, Marcus preferred hearing through the air wave the his nickname Ares, while play fighting with each one of his teen gods and goddess friends. His parents left Marcus with a pair of smart and nice guardians within the fosterage ritual until he reached the age of eighteen years old. Then Marcus will see his parents for the first time and then hug his mom with cheekbone kiss and shaking his dad's hand.
Beside her boyfriend Marcus, seventeen year old goddess Thianne frowned at the silly pretend sick entertainment and measured five feet and ten inches in height on a slender body frame wearing an ankle-length Mui-Mui designer brand electric blue and white colored sleeveless dress with an matching Ferragamo designer brand tote bag over one of her collar bones that contained her three goddess weapons that had come from her biological parents also. A pair of Chloe designer brand white tinted ankle-strap sandals posed on each naked foot with a set of pale blue painted toenails. A Tacori diamond cuff bracelet rested on one arm. The other arm was cuddled on Marcus. Her head of silver colored long hair wiggled side to side when she laughed and as her pair of grey eyes danced only to Marcus. Her skin complexion displayed a dark tan tone like her twin brother. Thianne had been born and raised in small town Fultondale, within the US State of Alabama. She did not know her biological parents, except one was a divine deity and the other one was only a human mortal.
Thianne stood beside her goddess friend seventeen years old Pele.
Pele tossed both of her arms in the air and wiggled both of her hip bones, shouting out loud with excitement on a dull morning of school sessions. “Neat-o!” She measured five feet and eight inches in height and displayed a head of long dirty blonde colored hair, a pair of aqua colored eyeball, and a tone of dark colored skin. Her proper name was Yaffa. Yaffa name means beautiful in the ancient Hawaiian language. But she liked her nickname better, which was Pele, the diva of fire. Pele laughed at the deadly entertainment show and dropped both of her arms, clapping with more excitement. She came from the town of Maui within the US State of Hawaii. She wore a Paul Smith designer brand green and grey ankle-length skirt paired with a Prada designer brand tee shirt in horizontal green, white and black colored alternating strips, jumping up and down on a pair of Rocco designer brand suede tinted gray colored platform shoes with numerous silver tinted rhinestones on each foot toe. Her dark blue colored Yves Saint Laurent designer brand handbag swayed back and forth and contained her three goddess weapons that came from her biological parents. Her pair of clapping hands wore a Paul Smith designer brand green and gray tinted bowtie wool hand gloves and as a white tinted angora beanie covered her bone skull down into her two earlobes.
“You gods,” Kuan Yi stood beside Pele and frowned at the sick entertainment choice coming from the five silly teen gods this early morning, before the breakfast meal. She measured five feet and one inch in shortness, displaying a bob of black tinted hair, a pair of hazel eyes, wearing a Prada designer brand brown, tan and blue colored horizontal striped dress with a Fendi designer brand orange colored fake fur covering her neck and her collar bones, without a gem stone of jewelry. A Stephen Venezia fabric and leather black block sandals secured her feet swinging her Marc Jacobs yellow leather tote bag in the air holding her weapons.
Kuan Yi had switched her unique personal teenly clothing style from her usual soft prettily flower-patterns and tons of colorful jewelry when the other teen goddess Dainichi, for some strange and un-known reason, started copying her cool fashion style.
Kuan Yi was really named as Chun. Chun means spring in the Chinese language.
However, she preferred being addressed as Kuan Yin, the diva of mercy. Kuan Yi haled from the city of Tibet within the US State New York, not from the ancient country of China. She shook her bob with disgust and turned to spy on Thianne. Her friend goddess Thianne frowned at the silly and sick entertainment show also, crossing her arms with displeasure at the horrible scene.
“I wanna play in your reindeer games too, Thian.” Dainichi laughed out loud and nodded with a smile. She measured five feet and six inches in height and dressed in a Dondup designer brand grey tinted, silk, flower-patterned flowing short dress, where her goddess friend Kuan Yi used to display the same clothing style.
On Dainichi's naked neck, both of her wrist bones, her two ankle bones, both of her earlobes, all of her fleshy fingers were decorated with almost the entire collection of Bulgari designer brand jewelry consisting of red rubies, blue sapphires, green emeralds, glittering diamonds and shiny gold and a diamond covered Tiffany designer brand tiara on top of her black tinted hair roots. She displayed a pair of brown colored and stomped around in a pair of  JC de Castelbajac designer brand platform four-inch heels in dark brown tinted leather sandals, shaking a Bottega Veneta designer brand red tinted clutch in one hand that was crowded with her three goddess weapons for fighting off a FRED or a GREG or a JANE or Satan's Grandmother, if need be.
Her proper name was Noako. Noako means the esteemed one in the ancient Japanese language. She came from the city of Sapporo within the US State New York with the same city sister in the ancient country of Japan. She had picked out Dainichi, the goddess of wisdom as her diva name. She possessed the unique goddess power of invisibility and then disappeared from the classroom floor for three seconds, materializing back in plain view, wearing a different clothing outfit by famous fashion designer Vera Wang. Her new designer outfit displayed rows of tiny colorful flowers with a solid beige background and as her entire body was covered in sparkling Tiffany diamonds on her neck, both wrist bones, both earlobes, one nose hole, both ankle bones and all of her ten fingers. She smiled at the deadly performance in the middle of the floor.
The environment theme quickly changed coming from one of the silly teen gods on top of the uneven platform, displaying a large swimming pool of deep blue water on the floor that slapped each wall. On the floor, the standing gang of one god and numerous goddesses quickly materialized an individual floating rowboat, standing on the floor while watching the new commotion.
On top of the fake but moving sea water, a large wooden ship from the year 1699 AD with four masses of white tinted sails and a long wooden plank extending from the side of the vessel. A skinny body frame on a tall, dark-skinned young adult male with a ponytail of blonde hair screamed with a piercing yell first and then jumped down from the ratty wooden plank, landing down in the cold water, producing a large splash effect in the air. The plume of water dropped down and landed on top of the deck without hitting the row of sailors in blue uniforms.
On top of the uneven platform, teen god Shango clapped with a smile for his best god friend, “Nice splash, Thian!”
Lugh continued to sit in a cross-legged pose inside his baby stroll and wore a sour frown, staring at the wet sailors. “I give it four hundred points.”
Mithras stopped rocking on top of the gigantic yellow tinted Earth animal giraffe chair and turned with a sneer looking down at the pale blue colored baby stroll cover that nicely hid a short Lugh. He yelled out loud at the silly god, “What, Foot stool! You gave him only four hundred points. That was truly one thousand and one points which I generously give to my friend and leader Thian!”
Lugh rocked back and forth inside his protective shell within his silly gigantic baby stroller while giggling at the silly sight, shouting back at a mean, nasty god teen Mithras. “Yeah, I did, ya big ugly smelly fart! There wasn't enough splashing sea water on top of the ship's deck or in the air waves. Talented Shango and his huge water splash wave got the entire deck and all of the dry sailors soaking wet.”
Mithras reached down with a growl and grabbed onto the baby stroll cover with his large palm, violently shaking the entire baby stroll, sneering out loud. On top of the soft lavender tinted blanket, teen god Lugh gasped in fear and grabbed into the sides inside the stroll while screaming in fear. Mithras laughed with the rest of the teens but Lugh.
Balder continued to slightly rock back and forth inside the canti-lever chair and laughed out loud. “That’s because he has wetted inside his pink tinted, girly panties and it leaked down and covered the tile floor last time,” he laughed with the other teens but Shango.
On top of the floor in the darkness, “Thian!” Thianne shouted out loud and waved at her brother.
From the uneven platform, Thian turned and smiled down at his twin sister, “Hi, Sis! Do you care to join my winning team against the four other sorry gods?”
“I’m winning the competition show, dude!” Mithras released his hand and frowned down at the steady baby stroll with a crying Lugh inside a wrapped blanket. He couldn't make the stroll fly off the tall platform and then injury the silly god.
Shango laughed. “Naw! You ain’t, man. Thian is winning the non-foot competitive race.”
The classroom quickly shifted with a set of new god air waves throughout the space. The swimming pool of water, the ship, the drowning sailor, and the rest of the sailors disappeared from the floor and was replaced with a plot of brown tinted dirt. 
A new spotlight started in the wall corner and soared fifteen feet from the side wall displaying an upright female who wore a white tinted blindfold over both of her two eyeballs, a pair of tied wrist bones behind her back spine, holding a lighted cigarette inside her lips. She stood tall and straight in front a red bricked wall with an armed firing squad of six soldiers in a tan colored uniform aiming an individual brown tinted rifle at her blinded face. The Captain of the soldiers in the same uniform stood to the side and slowly lifted up his personal black tinted hand gun pointing at the pale blue sky, shouting out loud, without facing the female. “Ready! Aim!” He paused for drama.
On top of the uneven platform, Shango slowly rocked back and forth in the standing chair, laughing and clapping at the same time with several head nods at the new sick entertainment event, “Good pause, Mithras!”
Thian tossed both of his arms in the air and laughed out loud, “I award one thousand points for the drama,” he dropped both of his arms and slapped each arm rest without noise.
On top of the dirt, the Captain shouted out loud without discharging his weapon, “Fire!”
A set of six tall gray tinted with a pair of pink-tinted floppy ears on an African elephants turned to face the uneven platform with the five sitting teen gods blasting out an individual thickly spray of cold fresh pond water from each massive trunk at every male.
Thian was quick-thinking and swiftly erected a god-shield around his chair that protected his body, before the rolling wave of water hit each god and every chair.
Shango wiggled his middle finger that activated his god powers and morphed the designated wave water into a plume of orange tinted dust with his magical powders. The powder hit his body and the chair. He laughed out loud and slowly waved his hand dispersing the dust around the room.
On top of the dirt that occupied the floor space, Kuan Yi laughed out loud and continued to wave both of her hands in the air. "Game over!" She had wiggled her two digits, an index finger and a middle finger activating her goddess powers while morphing the line of soldiers into a row of mammals, before the release of the fake deadly gun shot at the fake human girl.
On the floor, the other teens continued to laugh and point at the three wet teen gods on top of the uneven platform against the rear wall.
Ares roared with laughter and leaned over, winking at Kuan Yi. “Good one, babe!” He stood upright and started clapping with more laughter and stopped, leaning over, hugging Thianne. He pointed at each wet god with chuckles.
The other divas reached over and slapped a body part on Kuan Yi nodding with a smiles of the brilliant switch-a-roo on the teen gods.
“Girl gone!” Teen goddess Rachel hollered with smile. She has selected the diva nicknamed of Isis, the goddess of fertility. She hailed from the city of Memphis within the US State of Tennessee, not the village of Memphis within the ancient and noble country of Egypt. She measured five feet and five inches in height displaying a head of short blonde tinted hair and a pair of dark green tinted eyes. The goddess wore a pair of Proenza Schouler designer brand gold tinted leather with a set of black tied booties, a DNKY designer brand pale blue and black diagonal striped pool pants, a white and black vertical striped silk Calvin Klein designer brand jacket over a matching body shell. She held a Dooney and Bourke designer brand tan colored saddle bag with her three goddess weapons. An Anzie designer brand throat necklace, matching bracelet and a pair of earrings in silver mineral and precious stones of amethyst, aqua, and jade covered some of her body parts.
“Nice touch, diva!” Teen goddess Josefina had picked out the diva nickname of Is Chel, the diva of medicine.” Her proper name of Josefina meant lucky. She came from the city of Carlsbad within the US State of New Mexico, not her sister city of Carlsbad within the ancient and noble country of Mexico. Her individual curly brown tinted shoulder-length hair strands twirled around a pair of D and G brand silver tinted drop earrings. She measured five feet and six inches in height possessing a pair of bronze colored eyes and a matching tone of skin tissue, wearing a John Galliano designer brand violet colored Bohemian waist jacket over a pair of orange tinted spandex walking shorts, a pair of Church’s designer brand blue and white colored ballerina slippers shoes. One cupped hand held a Hogan designer brand blue and silver tinted saddle that housed her three goddess weapons that came from her biological mom and dad for body protection.
“You’re a poor sportsman, Kuan Yi!” Dainichi smiled and then snapped her fingers, changing her fashion outfit for the third time, wearing a Balenciaga short silk dress made of tiny pink and red buds interlaced with green vines which was tied with a matching belt at her waistline. Numerous Bulgaria designer jewel items covered every limb and finger. She continued to stand on a pair of Dior designer brand pink tined leather Mary Jane’s fashion pumps with a set of four inched heels, holding a Viktor and Rolf designer brand black tinted patent leather rose clutch that held her three goddess weapons underneath her armpit.
Diva nickname Nikki didn’t comment or clap or shout or smile but wore a stern face of worry and concern. She didn’t want to upset any of the teen divas or her boyfriend Balder.
On her first day here at the Windsor Farms and inside the school house building, teen god Balder had announced in front all of the other teen gods and goddesses, “A pixie is the world’s cutest fairy-like little girl with a hair of bouncy ringlets and a squeaky voice along with a cutesy personality.”
Her proper name was Bibi coming from the city of London within the US State of Minnesota, not the ancient village of London within the old and noble country of England. She had adopted the Scandinavian pixie named of Nikki, who was the protector of all children.” Bibi measured five feet and zero inches in shortness and displayed a head of long curly red colored hair with a pink bow-tied Paul Smith designer brand headband and a pair of violet colored pupils. She displayed a blue tinted multi-colored satin halter top from the Juicy Culture designer brand collection with a pair of pale blue pants, and a pair of Fendi designer brand open-toed high-heeled fashion sandals in honey, berry and green hues. She carried a Tod's designer brand pink tinted purse containing her three goddess weapons and swayed side to side while flirting with her god boyfriend Balder. He continued to sit on top of the giraffe rocking chair with some wet body parts blowing out his good morning kiss onto her cheek. She felt a tiny teen good echo blast hit and then warm her cheekbone. She giggled with delight and continued to rock back and forth with teen love.
“Naw! Naw! Not until I win the non-foot race first.” Mithras continued to slap each wet part on his semi-wet clothing while drying out each object with fury.
Lugh rocked back and forth inside his protective shell within his silly gigantic baby stroller while giggling at the silly sight, shouting back at a mean, nasty god teen Balder next. “That would be which hour or day or date, Balder? Or is it after you go and defeat Satan’s Grandmother? You're losing the non-foot race and are behind by four thousand god points.”
“O really! Then, watch this new slick god move then!” Balder wiggled his big toe that activated his god powers creating a new sick teen god exhibition inside the classroom without the present of Granny Hanover as each teen continued to waste time with laughter and giggles until the new school session started.
The plot of brown tinted dirt and the row of sitting elephants along with the stationary soldier captain disappeared and was replaced with a new tall wooden gallows platform stand with a rope noose around the neck bone on the female girl without a face. Well, her face faced the side wall but her bone skull wore a short bob of black tinted hair. The trap door underneath her naked toe bones sprung open. The female dropped down through the air as her bone skull separated from her neck muscles. The headless girly body fell down and then landed on top of the white sand, without the glittering red blood proteins. The separated skull with a bob of black tinted hair strands and a pair of hazel eyes on a tone of olive tinted skin hung lifelessly with the rope still clinging around the naked throat, slowly spinning around to face each teen while still suspended in the air waves.
On top of the white tinted sands, Marcus/Ares pointed at the separated dead head on the dummy with the familiar face and then turned with a gasp to see the true teen goddess. “Hey! I know that girly face. I think I know that girly face. I do believe that I know that girly face.”
“That’s! That’s me. That is my face,” Kuan Yi shouted with fury and pointed down with a set of sneers at the at the fake separated head without blood.
On top of the uneven platform, Balder continued to rock back and forth with a smirk laughing out loud, nodding down at Kuan Yi, "That be right, babe!"
Kuan Yi lifted up her hand and wiggled her two digits together on her left hand, an index finger and a middle finger while rapidly shooting out a red tinted echo blast, hitting the collar bone on nasty teen god Balder.
Balder screamed out loud in pain and tumbled backward from the rocking chair, wigging his big toe on his right foot, performing god lift from the floor and hovered in the air waves. He sailed around and performed a somersault across the room, landing down on one kneecap, sneering at Kuan Yi. “You’re dead shark meat, babe!” Kuan Yi charged forward with her set of nasty rebel yells to encounter her enemy.
Marcus/Ares and the other goddesses wiggled their individual body part that activated their supernatural powers, lifting off the sands, flying through the air and then landed down on top of the uneven platform and stood beside various teen gods.
Marcus/Ares occupied the rocking chair giraffe with Thianne behind his back spine, slowly rocking back and forth with a smile while staring down at the god-diva fight on top of the white sands.
Shango continued to rock back and forth inside his standing chair, wiggling his middle finger on his right hand, creating a new environment.
Below the uneven platform and underneath the running feet on Balder and Kuan Yi, a ten-feet deep Roman gladiator white tinted sandy battle pit appeared on top of the floor coming from the historical time period of 60 B.C. Back then, the Roman Coliseum had been used by males fighting other males or wild animals in a death match.
The other teen gods and goddesses slowly stomped down a set of steps getting off the uneven platform and then scattered around, encircling a cold metal steel protective railing, leaning down into the pit arena. Thian stood in the middle of the circle beside his sister Thianne, who cuddled with Ares, displaying Pele, Is Chel, Mithras, Dainichi, Isis, Lugh, Nikki and Shango.
Shango stood beside Thian.
Pele upright with a smile and wiggled her two digits on her right hand, an index finger and a middle finger at each mud dried wall, creating a gigantic plasma television devise that displayed the war battle of Balder and Kuan Yi in true living color. She continued to stand and stared at the television screen in front of her face.
Shango leaned down over the railing with confusion and stared at the god-diva fight, “What’s her beef?”
Ares cuddled with Thianne and laughed out loud while enjoying the god-diva fight, “Balder.”
Is Chel frowned and continued to watch the god-diva fight with puzzlement, “What’s his prob?”
“Kuan Yi.” Thianne frowned and did not enjoy the god-diva fight.
Thian leaned over the railing with a worried brow “Someone spit out the truth here! What's wrong with this ugly and wicked fairy tale now?”
The only noise came from the heavy grunts of battling Balder and Kuan Yi down inside the pit arena. Balder grabbed the female and then body slammed Kuan Yi down hard in the sands drawing real blood from her one of nose holes and her pair of busted lips. She had bit her tongue and smashed cartilage inside her nostrils. He leaned down and then dropped his full weight of 220 pounds on six feet and four feet body frame aiming at her back spine.
Kuan Yi gasped in shock and then rolled to the side and out of range from his massive bulk, swiftly standing upright, coughing out more of her blood proteins over the white tinted sand as tiny drops of golden blood poured from her one nostrils, ears, mouth and a cut over her right eye.
She shouted out loud with laughter, pointing at Balder. “Pretty good, babe! But I’m best in here, out there and among the outer space waves.” She performed a body twisted sideways and landed down on the sands, executing a hand cartwheel, then a round-off, moving into three forward flips, slamming her booted feet into the face on Balder with her diva-speed and then caught his body with her two boot heels at the neck muscles. She swiftly crawled her two individual boots over his collar bone lifting up her body in the air, standing over his hair roots with laughter. She launched up in the air from his two collar bone, cutting her spiked heels into his flesh and then landed back down on the sands giggling with delight.
Balder crumbled down into the sands in pain and surprise weakly yelling out loud. “Heck fire!” He stumbled down on his two knees and both of his palms while inhaling a flood of oxygen molecules, quickly healing his injury god body.
On top of the platform around the metal railing, Thianne pulled away from Ares and pointed down into the pit with worry. “Go and stop the fight, Thian!”
“Hold your ponytail, Thianne!” Shango continued to lean down with a smile while softly chuckling at the awesome god-diva fight performance.
“It’s just getting good.” Dainichi bounced up and down on top of the platform cheering with delight at the bloody violence of two gods fighting each other.
“Ares, go and make them stop fighting, right now.” Thianne continued to point down into the pit with worry.
Marcus/Ares didn’t stop the fight; he stared at Thian. “Dang it, tell! Why does Balder hate Kuan Yi?”
Thian and Thianne had been the first god and diva housed at the Windsor Farms. So, both of them know everything about every teen god and goddess including the nasty gossip and rumors.
Marcus/Ares didn’t like seeing two of his friends fighting each other, especially when each one of one the teens had a future rough and tough war battle with Satan’s Grandmother, once her evil soul or ugly face had been found. On the flip side, god Balder and goddess Kuan Yi had to get their nasty teenly differences off their mind to face a more upcoming mighty supernatural challenge.
“Do you need a reason? I don’t like Kuan Yi, either.” Shango frowned down at Kuan Yi.
“That’s because she can whip your little fanny, Shango.” Dainichi continued to dance side to side with loud laughter, jabbing a finger at the bald mound on Shango.
He stood upright with a sneer and pointed back at the goddess. “Hey, little girl! For the written, electronic and vocal recording, I don’t like you, either.” Dainichi stuck her tongue at Shango, laughing off her goddess threat.
“Shut up, Shango!” Mithras continued to lean down and frowned down at the ugly god-diva fighting action.
Lugh stood in front of a short portion on the railing and turned with a nod to Dainichi. “Dainichi, she had saved our lives back there at the Virginia cemetery. She is a cool goddess and a sweet girl. Kuan Yi is a …”
“Enough, cubs!” Thian continued to lean down and frowned at the god-dive fight and each bickering teen.
Thianne leaned over and snuggled into Ares, whispering into his cheekbone. “Please, go and stop the fight. Balder might get hurt.”
Marcus/Ares held her close. He could feel her worry for her two friends and her passion for him and the other teen gods and divas. He stared down at the ugly god-diva bloody fight. Shorter Kuan Yi was executing a good job of holding her own weight against the bigger guy. Ares turned and frowned at the nose profile on Thian again. “I want to know the true and truth facts, before I toss Shango down to assist his loser buddy Balder.” Shango looked up and sneered at Ares.
“I do, too, Thian!” Nikki crossed her arms and worried for the two fighting pair. Balder was always kind and nice to her, but he didn’t like or act that way towards Kuan Yi. Nikki was always curious in regard to their nasty on-friendly partnership.
Lugh returned back with a grin and pointed down into the arena at the two god-diva fight. “It’s so plainly obvious here, even I have figured it out.”
“What is so plainly obvious here, Lugh?” Pele continued to stare at the god-diva bloody fight.
“Kuan Yi is a supernatural goddess spy.” He continued to point down into the pit.
Mithras looked up and sneered at the short teen, “Who is the supernatural spy, Foot stool?”
He looked up and continued to jab a finger down into the pit, “The supernatural spy, the only one we got here within the group of gods and goddesses.”
“Explain to me that statement, Footstool!” Ares gasped in alarm and looked up, sneering at Lugh. Ares didn’t like a tattler or a fibber or a spy with Satan’s Grandmother running around the world and maybe the farm hacking at each teen god and goddess while seeking out the three marked god or goddesses with their golden tinted god blood proteins that could open the closed gates in the secret location of Tartarus that would release the race of nasty Titans.
“She told all of us!” Lugh nodded with a stern face and continued to point down into the pit.
“Tell us again! I seemed to have missed that classroom assignment, Lugh.” Isis turned and sneered at Lugh. She did not trust the small teen god with her dinner plate or her homework assignment.
Lugh started to dance on top of the rock-coated platform, nodding with a smile. “Kuan Yi, she had mentioned it first. There are two different teen divas that come from the same city, New York City within the US State of New York.”
“So!” Is Chel looked up from the pit fighting and stared with a stern face at Lugh.
He continued to dance and wiggle both of his hands. “My adoptive parents had versed me well in supernatural god and goddess rules and regulations also. As an infant, I was separated from my biological mom and my biological dad and then handed over to a set of protective guardians as stated within the God and Goddess Fosterage Ritual. And then …”
“Skip down to the next paragraph.” Shango turned and sneered at the short teen god.
Thian stood upright from the metal railing and waved his hand near his sneer. “Forget the paragraphs and the rest of the chapters! Go directly down into the ending, Lugh!”
Lugh continued to dance and smile at each teen, lifting up an index finger. “Only one teen is raised inside one city within the USA territory for their safety, protection, isolation, exclusion…”
“Kuan Yi, she was born and raised and ventured out from her home city of New York within the US State of New York.” Thianne turned and nodded to each teen.
“So, Kuan Yi was born and came from the same city of New York City within the US State of New York.” Isis turned and stared at Dainichi.
Dainichi slapped her chest and smiled with a nod to each face, “And I had been birthed and raised and ventured out from the city of New York City within the US State of New York and then landed down here at the Windsor Farms here in Alabama too.”
Is Chel gasped in alarm and pointed at Dainichi, “Do you see? Do you hear? There are two different teen goddesses coming from the same city within the same US State. That's weird!”
Shango exhaled with frustration and crossed his arm nodding with as tern face to each teen. “That's no big deal! New York City is a great big and wide geographical place on the USA map with hundreds and hundreds of smaller suburbs and villages.”
Pele gasped in alarm and pointed at Lugh, nodding her curls. “No! No! No! Lugh is correct. I understand that same principle, concept and idea. One teen lives in one city!”
Lugh stopped dancing and turned with a raised eyebrow staring at Dainichi. “How can teen goddess, seventeen years old Kuan Yi come from the same city of New York where a second teen goddess, seventeen years old Dainichi had lived first?”
“I or she or he or they or us or them can’t answer that stupid question, foot stool.” Mithras smiled.
“Then we can go and ask Kuan Yi that same question.” Thian nodded with a stern face.
“Kuan Yi is not going to have an answer to that question either, Thian.” Nikki frowned with annoyance at the other gods and goddesses.
Lugh smiled. “Yes, she will, if she is a super duper supernatural spy that spies on each one of us like she works for Satan's Grandmother.”
“Stop saying that stupid statement, footstool.” Shango sneered at Lugh.
“Why should Lugh shut up? There are two different teen divas that hail from the one city which is New York City. Why isn’t Dainichi a suspect of supernatural spying also?” Mithras turned and sneered over the hair roots on Dainichi as he stood beside her petite body. He didn’t trust her ever. Dainichi didn't look at Mithras but continued to shuffled closer to Isis as if she was hiding something. 
Lugh smiled and pointed at Dainichi, “Dainichi, she had saved our hinnies at the Virginia cemetery. Didn't you remember that special day and that brave event, Mithras?”
“We all remember that brave act.” Pele nodded with a stern face to Lugh.
Ares smiled. “So, why do we dare to question our teen goddess friend Kuan Yi, Lugh? I still don’t understand your reasoning.”
Thianne nodded with a stern face. “Ares is right. What kind of proof do you have on Kuan Yi regarding any type of supernatural spying, Lugh? Maybe, we should be questioning you, Lugh."
Lugh lifted up his hand and showed each finger with a smile. “One, she is the second diva coming from the same town of New York City. Two, Kuan Yi, she had figured out the death mosaic first.”
“No, she didn't! Kruti had figured out the death mosaic, before she had been murdered by Satan's Grandmother and the gang of GREGS." Thianne gasped in alarm and slapped her chest, "I was the one who had found that death mosaic inside her private bedroom, the next day.”
Lugh turned and winked at Thianne. “But, Thianne, you do not hail from New York City like Kuan Yi. So, you are eliminated as a supernatural suspect of spying. This police detective work is called selective hypostasizing.”
Ares growled. “This selection conversation sounds like a pail of snitching hockey pucks, to me.”
Is Chel nodded with a smile. “My goddess friend Kuan Yi is a smart and an intelligent ...”
“I have more evidence to present," Lugh lifted up his third finger and nodded to each face. "Three, she employs her insulting language at each real god and goddess with her nasty expression, you god...”
“I find my new goddess friend Kuan Yi to be a very funny and entertaining girl.” Isis nodded with a smile.
“Five!” He wiggled his entire hand near his smile.
Pele jabbed a finger at Lugh and laughed out loud. “You only counted up to the math number of four. Lugh can’t count out a math ruler of twelve inches with each black tinted number and without support from his mommy. How can we trust a god that can't count to the numbers of ten?”
“Four!" He dropped down on finger and nodded with a stern face to each teen. "Kuan Yi continues to side with our mentor Granny Hanover for not fighting against our enemy.”
Nikki slapped her chest and nodded with a smile to Lugh, “I do not wanna fight with my friends or my enemies, either.”
“My goddess friend Kuan Yi is a peacemaker, not a troublemaker,” Thianne leaned over and punched the rib cage on Ares giggling with delight. Ares softly moaned and then leaned over, hugging his girl.
Lugh lifted his thumb and wiggled his hand pointing down into the battle pit with loud laughter.  “Five! How is godly possible for a teen goddess to beat the snot out of tall, mean, rude, nasty, ugly teen god Balder?” The other teens returned back and laughed out loud, staring down into the battle pit as the god-diva fight continued.
“Kuan Yi is a strong goddess. Woe to Balder!” Ares laughed with the other teens.
Thian leaned down over the metal railing and watched the bloody god-diva fight. “All pantheons are not created equal, Lugh,” he laughed with the other teens.
“How is that so, Thian?” Lugh frowned at the nose profile on Thian.
He continued to stare down at the bloody fight, “A pantheon is marked by a set of distinguishing characteristics ….”
“...or flaws...” Pele leaned down and stared at the bloody fight also.
“How is that so, Thian?” Lugh frowned at the nose profile on Thian.
 Thian smiled down at the bloody fight. “Eons again, each pantheon warred with each other over properties …”
“...of humans ...” Dainichi leaned down over the railing and laughed out loud while watching the god-dive bloody fight.
Is Chel continued to watch the fight and frowned with annoyance at the goddess. "Not nice, Dainichi!”
"But right, Is Chel." Shango smiled down at the god-dive fight.
“I had used one of Kuan Yi's descriptions,” she smiled down at the battle pit.
“Do you see? Do you hear? That is another bead on her Gucci designer brand spy purse. Kuan Yi does not like the human race.” Lugh continued to stare down at the fight.
“Shut up, Lugh!” Mithras sneered and continued to stare down at the fight.
“Therefore, some of the weaker pantheons had been conquered then absorbed, and finally vanquished while creating a set of bigger and tougher ones.” Thian continued to stare down at the battle fight.
“One of the bigger and badder pantheon is the race of Titans.” Is Chel said.
He stated. “Right! All of the smaller pantheons attacked the biggest, baddest one and then boxed the nasty race of Titans down into the lost place of Tartarus, keeping them and the spot lost forever, until now.”
“I came from a stronger and braver and badder pantheon.” Lugh smiled and slapped his chest.
“Quiet, footstool.” Shango smiled down at the battle fight.
“Pele and I have exchanged a new working theory here. The inter-marriage between each different pantheon has weaken each newborn baby god or goddess while an intra-marriage ceremony produces a stronger baby god or goddess.” Thian said.
Lugh gasped in shock and then sneered at the nose profile on Thian, “Are you telling me that my mom is an inferior species to my father?”
Mithras looked up and laughed at Lugh. "You said that, shorty, not I or him or her or she or he or it!"
Thian looked up and frowned at Lugh. “It is a working theory among the teen natives here at the Windsor Farms, Lugh. I'm suggesting that a god and a goddess from the same pantheon is always stronger and more powerful rather than a marriage of one deity and one human.”
Isis frowned. “But I was told that I had …”
“...to participate in the God and Goddess Fosterage Ritual," Pele said. "Each supernatural baby possesses one divine parent and one mortal parent while keeps the peaceful peace among the pure breed and mixed bred gods and goddesses. Every divine parent produces a supernatural baby. So, if this god and goddess data was ever shared, it would cause war …”
“... or chaos among the race of humans.” Thian nodded with a stern face to Lugh. “And Pele and I are working through an ancient theory that had been proposed a long time ago which had been utilized to save the remaining gods, goddess and their dying pantheons.”
“Good working theory, Thian!” Mithras nodded with a smile to the leader god.
Thian smiled at Lugh, “Now today, Pele and I are suggesting that our fine goddess friend Kuan Yi might come from a daddy god and a mama goddess of the same pantheon thus giving her set of great powerful fighting goddess skills against he-man god Balder.”
“Kuan Yi, she’s definitely beating the heck out of Balder, including his face, his chest, his one legs, his one arm,” Shango chuckled.
“Go and stop her, Thian!” Nikki frowned down into the battle pit, where Kuan Yi was sitting on top of Balder, punching both of her fists into his bloody face. When the leader god ignored her plea, she turned and shouted at Shango. “Please, Shango, go and stop her!” Shango stood upright with a chuckle from the metal railing and leaned over, hugging her body while staring with a smile down at the battle pit.
Is Chel leaned over the metal railing again and smiled down at the battle pit while secretly rooting for her friend Kuan Yi, but could not cheer out loud, without a fight coming from one or more of the silly teen gods, “Well, I can buy that ancient working theory. So, Kuan Yi comes from two truly powerful supernatural deities within the same pantheon.”
Pele smiled down at the battle pit and silently cheered for her friend Kuan Yi but could not shout out the words without causing a riot first and then a nose bleed on one of the teen gods second. “Well, within the same pantheon, there exists both major and minor gods and goddesses. To carry our working theory, a union of two minor deities produces a minor god or goddess while two …”
“I got it, Pele!” Lugh frowned down at the battle fight.
“Lugh, might I add here. All of your new working spying theories are all flawed. I do not wanna hear anymore of your words about a supernatural spy among the ranks of teens here at the Windsor Farms.” Thian continued to stare down at the battle fight.
Pele looked up and laughed out loud. “You have exhibited an individual failing grade in all of the academic subjects of science, history, math, health, and literature. Can you even spell your name?”
Lugh looked up and sneered at the goddess, “L… a…” he gasped in alarm at the wrong spelling of his god nickname and his proper name, giggling with a sissy tone. “I’m nervous with the vast attention right now and right here. Okay!” The other teens looked up and laughed at the short teen god.
Pele shook her curls and laughed out loud, pointing at Lugh. “Did you see that? Did you hear that? He's a perfect example of a minor, minor baby god.”
Shango looked up and winked at Pele, “O! I thought he was a toddler twit,” he laughed with the other teens.
Lugh waved both of his arms in the air and shouted out loud with fury. “My final evidence against supernatural spy Kuan Yi, not one of the nasty JANES directly attack us. Instead, each nasty JANE studied us while waiting on a hand signal from their secretly smart mistress Kuan Yi to capture all of us, if brave and bold teen goddess Dainichi had not been courageous enough to head into the crowd of JANES and then towards the cage that had trapped all of us for the end.”
“Bull frog crap!” Ares crossed his arms and shook his bone skull at Lugh.
Thian exhaled with annoyance and nodded his bone skull, staring at Lugh. “I agree with Marcus, not Lugh. Lugh, you are posturing some harsh and dangerous assumptions here and into each pair of eardrums.”
Shango sneered. “Yeah, little man, the word assumption translates into an ass of me and you, but mostly you, not me,” he slapped his chest and laughed with the other teens.
Pele shook her finger at Lugh and nodded with a stern face. “You should be very careful around here with your false accusations, Liam!”
“Tread softly, footstool.” Mithras sneered at Lugh also.
Lugh continued to stand and waved both of his arms in the air, nodding with a stern face to each teen. “All the past, present and future facts do not add up to the number one hundred like on a math test. This is the past, present, and future problem with a supernatural spy.”
“More bull frog crap coming out from her parted lips!” Ares sneered and turned with a wink to see Mithras. "I do believe that those pink-tinted lips on Lugh might need some red tinted blood stains. What do you think, Mithras?"
Mithras cracked his knuckles and sneered at Lugh. "I do believe my fellow teen god is correct. I do wanna see red blood proteins on your face, Lugh!"
At 09:19 am inside the school house classroom, Nikki screamed in worry, "Balder!" She snapped her fingers, performing a goddess pop from the upper platform, landing down inside the battle pit beside her bloody, unconscious, and grounded boyfriend. She squatted down with worry and pressed both of her palms down into his first wound producing her healing touch on his injured body.
On top of the platform, the other teens looked down and gasped in shock at the sight. Balder rested on his back spine in an eagle-spread post while golden tinted blood proteins smoothly flowed from an array of open vestibules on his injured body looking like a dead god.
“Heck fire!” Ares gasped in alarm and bent both of his kneecap, performing a leap up from the platform, rolling into a somersault and then gently landed down on his two feet posing a few feet from a grounded Balder. He slowly strutted ahead with a smile to for the god rescue.
On top of the platform, Thian snapped his fingers and performed a god pop, landing down beside an upright but wobbly Kuan Yi and then reached out, grabbing both of her arms. He pulled her into his face and then steadied her body, before she fell face first down into the sands, sneering into her bloody face. “This is over, foreverly, cub!”
Kuan Yi wobbled her curls and her bloody lips. She didn’t have an ounce of energy left to speak a work or argue a sentence or mouth spit.
He pulled her into his chest and motioned for goddess Isis. Isis smiled with a nod and dashed ahead, gently colliding into the rib cage on Thian. He hugged both of the goddesses with worry and then snapped his fingers, performing another god pop, leaving the battle pit arena inside the school house classroom, landing down into the private bedroom of Kuan Yi.
Teen goddess Isis was a natural healer and could privately seal all of the pink tinted cuts, deep black tinted bruises and all of the numerous broken bones on Kuan Yi during the night. The stiff body of goddess Kuan Yi would feel sore and stiff for a couple of hours and then completed recuperated during the early morning hour of a new day using her awesome teen goddess powers.

At 10:10:11 am, back inside the school house classroom, on top of the blood-stained white sands, the other teen gods and goddess consisting of Thianne, Shango, Pele, Is Chel, Mithras, and Lugh gently landed down on top of the sands and then slowly moved ahead towards a grounded and injured Balder.
“Is he dead?” Mithras stopped a few feet from the right leg on Balder and chuckled down at injured and unconscious teen god. Balder wasn’t dead but defeated by a shorter, sissy, smarter goddess. Mithras couldn’t wait to tease Gingerbread Man for this stupid, silly god stunt.
“Balder!” Nikki leaned down with her worried tears and touched his sweaty forehand.
Pele stopped with a smile and then squatted down, leaning down, checking his pulse. "He's just beaten..."
“…and bleeding…” Is Chel exhaled with relief and stopped, squatting down, ripping off his tee shirt and examined each chest wound consisting of fresh pink tinted skin cuts and a few broken rib bones while hoping Kuan Yi didn’t accidentally or purposefully pierce one of his healthy lungs.
Lugh stopped and stood in front of the naked feet on Balder, gasping in alarm. “You kill a god by cutting …”
“We know all of that ancient information, Liam. Do not shout it out for Satan's Grandmother and any of her spies to hear!” Thianne stopped and stared down at Balder, standing beside Ares.
“O! Yeah! Right! Duh! I forget to mention the secret password.” He shook his bone skull and laughed out loud.
“What a-mess?” Mithras snickered.
“Man, Kuan Yi is a tough tiny little thing.” Shango stopped and stood beside Mithras, staring down at Balder. They both chuckled regarding the bad fight decision coming from a stupid Balder.
“I always thought the diva of fire was as a big bad goddess too.” Mithras laughed.
“Everyone, stand back and move away from Balder!” Ares parted with a grin from Thianne and waved both of his arms in the air, slowly strutting closer to an unconscious body on Balder.
“What are you going to do, Ares?” Thianne frowned at the back spine on Ares.
“I'm going to give my friend Balder a jump start.” He swatted both of his arms in the arm making the other teens shuffle away from Balder.
Pele slowly stood upright from the sands and scooted away from Balder, standing a few feet away from Ares, frowning at the arrogant teen god, “You are not a healer god, Marcus.”
Nikki stood upright from the sands and scooted away from Balder, sneering at Marcus, “You are not a medical physician, Marcus!”
Mithras scooted away from Ares and Balder, pointing down at the live body, “He ain’t dead!” 
“He might be soon!” Lugh shuffled backwards from the naked feet on Balder with laughter.
“Is Chel, what is the medical status of Balder?” Shango scooted away from an arrogant Ares and his awesome god powers without accidentally getting his body zapped.
Is Chel continued to shift her pair of red tinted healing palms over each open wound, before working on all of the internal broken ribs and then sat back, staring down at Balder. “Pfft! He is unconscious, bleeding, and immobile. Does that list of medical symptoms please your black tinted heart, Shango?” She slowly stood upright from the sands and scooted away from Balder and Ares.
Ares stopped and stood at the naked feet on Balder, clapping his hands, rubbing both of his palms fast and furious while creating an array of god heat. His normally white tinted hand palms swiftly morphed into bright red hue.
Shango continued to stand away and smiled at the back spine on Ares. “What do you plan to do to Balder kill him, Ares? I mean, he doesn't like you, but no one really likes you, Marcus,” he chuckled with the other teens but Thianne. She turned and hissed at nasty Shango.
“I am going to heal his unconscious body in one sucker punch. Watch this! Watch me!” He kneeled and leaned over, holding both of his red tinted palms in the air, inhaling with deep breathes. He slowly lowered both of his palms, placing a red tinted heated index finger on each one of the big naked toes on Balder. When Ares connected his individual heated finger pad onto the soft fleshy skin tissue of the teen god, Balder immediately jerked upright at his waistline extending all of his limbs in the air feeling a jolt of an electrical shock for one full second, dropping back down onto the soft sands and exhaled with life. Ares released each big toe and held both hands near his smile.
“Don’t, Ares! Stop it!” Nikki screamed in worry and stomped toward Ares, growling in fury.
Thianne gasped in shock and rushed ahead, cuddling Nikki from the dangerous god shock, whispering into her eardrum. “Balder is going to be fine and dandy, Nikki. I promise. I trust Ares."
“You're killing him, Ares! Stop this!” Is Chel gasped in shock and wiggled side to side with worry, watching both Marcus and Balder.
Mithras laughed and nodded at the god miracle performance, “No, he ain't! Wait and watch and learn! Do it, too it, dude!”
Ares closed both of his eyelids and inhaled more deep breathes, leaning down, placing each hated index finger pad on top of each naked big toe again, releasing each toe digit with a smile. Balder immediately jerked upright from the sands and sat on top of his fanny flinging out each arms and legs, wiggling each finger and naked toe bone in the air.
“He flies in the air without a motor!” Shango pointed down and chuckled at Balder.
“Shut up, Shango!” Is Chel sneered at Shango while staring down at Balder.
Thian landed down on top of the sands several feet from a loose circle of teen gods and goddesses, frowning down at an animated Balder, moving ahead and then stopped in-between Mithras and Pele. He pointed down with worry at Balder. “Is that a good show?"
Shango shrugged his shoulder and continued to smile down at Balder, “Maybe!”
Pele laughed out loud and shook her curls, staring down at Balder. “You should never leave Ares un-supervised, Thian.”
“I’m learning.” Thian smiled.
Balder stopped shaking and continued to sat upright on top of his butthole, blinking both eyelids open, leaning forward with a growl. He grabbed each bone wrist on Ares and then tossed the teen god from the sands, through the air, towards the rear wall, sneering. “Hot! That’s hot!” Nikki gasped in shock and parted from Thianne, rushing ahead towards her boyfriend, sliding over the sands. She leaned over and hugged his body with a smile of love.
“It’s heated, man.” Ares rolled with the god throw, stopped on top of the white sands, and then stood upright on one kneecap, laughing at Balder.
“It’s healed.” Is Chel rushed ahead to Balder and squatted down while eye burning each pink skin scar and every healed bruise plus healed broken bone.
“It’s alive.” Shango tooted with a hoot and danced side to side with delight.
“The wounds are all closed and cauterized like a medical surgeon.” Pele moved ahead and stopped, standing beside Balder, examining each healed wound with relief.
Shango spun around with a chuckle and winked at Ares. "Is that another stolen god trick, Marcus?"
Ares slowly stood upright from the sands and quickly strutted towards Thianne, “Naw, man! It is one of my new emerging god talents!” He stopped with a smile and cuddled Thianne.
“Good, cub!” Thian leaned back and then reached out, slamming his folded fist with a touch of his god force into Ares for both fun and irritation knocking Marcus away from his sister on purpose, sneering at the arrogant teen god.
Shango reached out and grabbed the arm on Marcus tossing the teen back into Thianne laughing out loud with a wink. “Hmm! It makes you wonder what he’d do to you, if he told you that your were acting like a bad cub.” He laughed with the other teens but Thianne and Marcus.
“Yeah! Right!” Ares faked a smile to Shango and then cuddled into Thianne leaning down into her cheekbone with his set of sweet words as Thian growled like a tiger at Marcus.
Thian returned back and stared down at a healing Balder kneeling down on top of the blood-stained white sands, nodding to the teen. “This is over, foreverly, cub. She won and you lost.” Balder exhaled with defeat and flipped his hand in affirmative as his dizzy headache was blurring his two eyeballs at the moment. Thian, Pele and Is Chel assisted Balder to stand upright. Thian pulled back and stood alone. Pele and Is Chel continued to cuddle Balder.
Pele snapped her two digits and performed a goddess pop from the classroom into the third floor hallway, where Balder could move into his bedroom for some rest and refresh his bloody sore body parts.

At the current time of 10:11:13 am, among the bright heated day, inside the school house classroom, Thian exhaled with annoyance at the god-diva fight. Each teen should be saving their supernatural energy for the upcoming bloody and deadly fight with Satan's Grandmother, not at each other's throat for revenge. He wiggled the index finger on his right hand and activated his god powers changing the Roman gladiatorial pit with blood-stains and white tinted sand grains into a padded room with soft pale green foam. He tossed both of his arms in the air and shouted out loud with a stern face. "All teens, we are going to work off some steam today. Everyone, move about and scatter away from each other and form a very large circle but face the center point. Then everyone, change out from your regular clothes into a padded uniform for your protection and activate your personally assigned mobile telephone with your god or goddess sword and your personal assigned wrist watch with your god or goddess body shield and your personal assigned pair of sunglasses into your god or goddess helmet. We're going to spar and kick some goddess booty," he laughed with the teen gods. The gang of teen goddesses sneered at Thian and then turned to growl at each teen god next. Thian laughed out loud with a nod. "We waste energy and practice our fight skills while waiting for our two friends to rest and then heal their bodies, before Granny shows up for the morning lessons."
Each teen scooted around with a smile and formed a gigantic circle standing a few inches from one of the four padded walls in light green hue, quickly transforming their set of designer clothes into a boxy shape of individually shaded foam pads that protected their individual body parts from harm. Each teen wore a pair of sunglasses over both of their eyeballs, holding their personal mobile telephone in a cupped hand. The other arm wore their personally assigned wrist watch. Each teen waited on the command from their leader Thian.
Thian smiled. "Morph your god or goddess sword first!" Each teen mentally wished the command inside through mind that traveled down into the mobile telephone transforming the object into a long silver tinted sword inside each fighting hand. Each teen cheered with delight and swished the sharp blade in the air waves without hitting around teen.
Thian grinned. "Morph into your god or goddess body shield!"
Thian stood in the middle spot on the entrance wall several feet away staring first at Is Chel, Mithras, Pele, Shango, Isis, Dainichi, Nikki, Kuan Yi, Lugh, Ares, and then finally Thianne.
Is Chel activated the 1975 Rebel wrist watch by designer Lambretta at eight-nine dollars into her goddess body shield smiling down at the item, slowly whipping through the air waves getting the feel for the heavy metal.
A Casio G-shock wrist watch priced at 625 dollars morphed into a body shield for Mithras.
A Jelly brand rhinestone electric blue leather band sports watch at twelve dollars fit around the wrist bone on Pele.
A Blancpain designer brand sports watch with a black face and a black leather band at 12,500 dollars fit at the wrist bone on Shango.
A Timex brand carriage wrist watch with a silver and gold plated wrist band and a white tinted faced for fifteen dollars fit around the left wrist bone on Isis.
A Van Cleef and Arpels designer brand wrist watch displayed in white-gold tint and an oval shaped face and was surrounded by a circle of diamonds on a black tinted strap at 2,550 dollars for Dainichi.
A Bertolucci designer brand stainless steel sports wrist watch at 2,400 dollars fit on the wrist bone on Nikki.
An Audemars Piguet designer brand gold tinted, circular face with a brown tinted strap at 2,220 dollars rested inside the briefcase that belonged to teen god Lugh.
Thianne stood several feet away from Marcus without harming his body with her lousy sword skills. She had received the 1840 French-made solid yellow gold, diamond, and turquoise inlay wrist watch which was also a priceless human collector item. She stared down at the watch inside her palm. Once she slapped the watch band into her wrist bone, the watch would activate with her goddess power into a golden tined body shield for her body protection or her upcoming bloody battle with Satan’s Grandmother. She whispered for her eardrums only. “It is so beautiful. The gold is so soft.”
Marcus/Ares suddenly appeared in his boxy foam suit in bright yellow hue and reached out, touching her naked hand with her goddess sword, leaning over into her eardrum. “You’re more softer and more beautiful ...”
A red tinted echo blast hit the foam leg on Marcus and created a small spark of fire. Marcus leaped from the foam padded floor and slapped the burning piece of yellow foam on his true leg with the tip of sword, looking up with a sneer, sailing down with a growl at Thian. “One day, Thian!” Thian jabbed his finger with a sneer at Marcus and shook his bone skull in silence. 
Around the padded form, short teen god Lugh had not morphed into any of his god weapons and bounced up and down on top of the soft padding, laughing out loud, pointing at each teen god with amusement. “I spy a pair of pink tinted cat-eyed sunglasses on the tough face of sissy teen goddess Shango. Then I see a pretty pink princess phone for a sissy girl inside the large palm of newest teen goddess Mithras,” he chuckled out loud with some of the other teens, bouncing around the padded foam for fun, singing out loud with silliness and danced around the room with delight, “That’s hard to spit out with your tongue salvia, isn't it, Shango? Pretty pink princess phone for goddess Mithras. I have come to the major conclusion here that Mithras and Shango are both …” The tip on the sword stopped at the nose bridge on Lugh. Lugh halted with a gasp of fear and then slowly bent down moving away from the sword while shivering in fright from the nasty teen god.
Mithras hold his top at the nose bridge on Lugh while Shango held the tip on his god sword on the earlobe of Lugh. Mithras sneered down at the leprechaun. “I dare thee to challenge me to a death match, foot stool.” A red tinted echo blast slammed into the bicep on Mithras and stung the flesh tissue. However, Mithras did not flinch but laughed out loud, still holding the sword at Lugh.
Thian continued to stand on the entrance wall and waved his free at the three annoying teen gods. "Simmer down, beanie weenie! Move away from Mithras first, Lugh! Shango, you move away from Mithras next. Mithras, stay put!” Each teen scooted around and found a new spot. Thian laughed out loud and slammed a Cartier Santos-Dumont designer brand yellow-gold tinted, square-shaped face with a brown tinted band dress on a wrist watch at 14,375 dollars onto his wrist bone morphing into a golden tinted body shield. He looked up and smiled at each decorated teen. "Now, the last item, morph into your god and goddess black tinted helmet and start to fight but do not harm Lugh," he laughed out loud and then silenced his voice as his helmet transformed over his entire bone skull, dashing ahead with a grin, pointing the tip on his new god sword at the back spine on Marcus, who was too busy flirting with his sister Thianne.
The missing teens were resting inside their bedrooms with their bag of three god or goddess weapons. A Patek Philippe Calatrava designer brand white-gold tinted, round shaped face, black tinted leather band wrist watch at 19,800 dollars hid inside a bag beside teen god Balder.
Kuan Yi continued to sleep in her bed mattress with rest and cuddled her designer brand purse that held her three goddess weapons including a Bedat and Company solid rose gold tinted wrist watch with a circle of diamonds on the face for 2,700 dollars.

Two hours later, at 12:02:04 pm, inside the school house classroom, Kuan Yi walked through the entrance wall of light green padded foam and then stopped a few feet with a smile while hearing a set of loud tings, a series of heavy grunts, seeing the slow-moving action among all the teens, laughing out loud. “You gods, you don’t need a weapon to fight against each enemy. Sometimes, a single word or an ink pen or a hand gesture does the trick on the human or the beastie or the supernatural entity.” She crossed her arms and nodded with a grin to each pair of fighters.
The other teens had formed a set of pairs and continued to fight with the battle exercise against another teen honing their god or goddess skills for the upcoming fight with Satan's Grandmother.
On the rear wall of light green foam and away from the other teens, Lugh was paired with Nikki, hearing the familiar voice, spinning away from Nikki with a gasp. He pointed the tip of his sword at Pele and shouted out loud in fury, “Do you see the spy? She has entered back into our god territory.”
The entrance wall rippled with movement. Balder walked through the foam padded while hearing the voices from each god or goddess with his super god hearing, moving inside and stopped beside Kuan Yi without fighting her. He pointed and sneered at Lugh. “Do you remember what I told you before, footstool?”
Lugh laughed out loud and wobbled his sword tip at Pele and then at Mithras without fear. "No! I do not remember, ya big ugly oaf."
On the entrance wall, in the middle of the space, Thian was paired with Isis while they both practiced swords moves and shield protection. He turned and stomped his foot for annoyance, wiggling his index finger on his fighting hand with the sword. The classroom changed from padded foam walls back into the rough red tinted dried mud walls again along with the floor and the ceiling. Then a round table appeared surrounded with straight back chairs. "Everyone, depress your god weapons back down into the original matter. Our two friends have returned back to us with a good set of table manners. Everyone, pick a chair and sit down. I don't believe we're participating in one of Granny's school sessions today. So, we can spend our time and figure out where the hidden cave of Tartarus is located. Then we go and find it."
Kuan Yi nodded with a smile and advanced towards one of the empty chairs, sliding down, slapping the wood with her hands. "Thian is our leader and our leader is correct. We must find that cave first. Then we will win against Satan's Grandmother."
Each teen quickly transformed their personally assigned three god weapons back into the three original objects, selecting a new set of clothes, moving ahead and sat down at the wooden table. Each one did not store their three god weapons back down into a bag but placed each one at their elbow in case of a surprise attack by a JANE or a GREG or a FRED or another god or goddess teen. Pele sat at the head of the table turning to stare at the next teen Nikki. Nikki scooted very close to Balder staring into his eyeballs with love. Balder sat beside Shango, Thian, Isis, Is Chel, Lugh, Dainichi, Ares, Thianne, and Mithras.
Lugh sat in the wooden chair that was too short for his face which viewed the edge of the table, wiggling both of his earlobes that activated his god powers. The four legs on the chair slowly grew in height stretching each wooden leg from the floor and in the air and then stopped a few feet above the table surface. The legs on Lugh stood even with each bone skull and as he wiggled side to side with a smile at each face. "I do understand the deadly threat here. However, each one of us turns eighteen years old and then becomes a full-fledged god or goddess adult here at the safe Windsor Farms. So, we just stay and wait it out. Then we all win it all!"
Is Chel frowned at Lugh and shook her curls. "Polly told all of us that Satan's Grandmother needed the golden tinted blood proteins from a god …”
“...or a goddess …” Isis nodded with a stern face.
Mithras slapped his chest with a sour frown, “But each one of is a only a half-god ...”
“…or a half-goddess …” Pele slapped her chest with a smile.
Lugh frowned, “So I still don’t understand any of this matter. Why is Satan’s Grandmother only after three teens?”
Is Chel extended both of her arms through the air and nodded with a stern face. “Because there is not located a full-blooded god or goddess anywhere or any place or any spot here on the planet.”
Mithras nodded with a stern face. “Fact, Is Chel!”
Lugh frowned. “So, each one of us is a defenseless and clueless and helpless and penniless and homeless half-god.”
“Bad fact, Lugh!” Isis shook her curls at Lugh.
Is Chel continued to wiggle in the hard chair, “Our precious golden tinted god and goddess blood proteins contains a set of much more stronger molecules than a herd of GREGS, FREDS, JANES and the entire race of humans.”
“Great fact, Is Chel!” Pele nodded with a smile.
Ares had replaced two of the wooden chairs with a pink-tinted, thickly padded wooden bench sharing with his girl, cuddling her body, leaning into her rib cage while smiling at her nose profile.
Thianne was facing the center of the table surface and listening to the conversation, saying to each face. “Why did Satan's Grandmother commission the gang of FREDS to murder and kill teen goddess Kruti then? That strategy move doesn’t make any sense to me.”
Thian shook his bone skull. “Our fellow friend Kruti wasn’t one of marked goddesses or gods. So, Satan's Grandmother is slowly eliminating each non-god or non-goddess from our wolf pack. That makes better sense to me.” Each bone skull nodded in silence.
Lugh frowned. “So, Kruti died into nothingness and her goddess blood wasn’t needed.”
Pele frowned. “Her goddess blood was used …”
“Wait a minute!" Mithras frowned and pointed at Pele. "Are you are suggesting here that the golden blood proteins from a goddess had been obtained and then used by Satan’s Grandmother on the hidden gate at the hidden location spot of Tartarus?”
She nodded. “Yes, I am.”
Ares frowned. “That's a new working god theory.”
Lugh shook his bone skull. “No! That's a bad working god theory.”
“It is only my working theory.” Pele nodded.
Mithras frowned with worry, “I want my mommy and daddy.”
Is Chel nodded. “A group of human or goddess blood proteins can survive lots of stuff, such like, disease, pollution, and beasts. An injured human receives a blood transfusion for life survival all the time and then lives into a very long life, if it is successful.”
Mithras nodded with a stern face. “Yeah, we all know that. And we also know that god and goddess blood is no different with survival properties like a human too.”
Lugh frowned, “We, gods ...”
Ares laughed. “You gods!”
Kuan Yi frowned. “You gods, the blood remnants from a dead god or goddess comes from our physical body and then can be stored inside an ice cold room or inside a laboratory test tube which doesn’t change the texture or the content either.”
Pele nodded. “Right, Is Chel! Is Chel is correct, as usual.”
Ares nodded with a smile. “Ah! And all of this means, what exactly for me, for you, for us?”
Is Chel frowned. “Satan’s Grandmother does not need a live teen god or goddess in order to utilize their drained blood protein to accomplish her goal, opening the gates and releasing the nasty race of Titans.”
Thian waved his hand near his frown and then dropped his limb down, slapping the surface, nodding to each face. “I call forth a subject change. We need to find the lost cave, not guess about the major or minor or no powers from Satan's Grandmother. Where is the geographical location of the hot spot which is named as Tartarus? What is the earth soil description of hot spot Tartarus? Some god or some goddess or someone or anyone take a guess with Tartarus!”
Pele wiggled her two digits, an index finger and a middle finger activating her goddess powers and then produced her computer laptop with all of her collected god and goddess information. She lifted up the metal lid and quickly started typing on the keyboard while hearing each soft beep and then shouted out loud. "I have some new information to share with the group. I have accessed my resourceful god and goddess database with a trillion or more pieces of information. The city of Tartarus is located at the lowest region here on Planet Earth. The ancient poem from Greek poet Hesiod states the city of Tartarus is as far below the earth plane as the earth plane is from the heavenly plane.
Kuan Yi frowned. "And this place not in space and time is far, far away from all of the twinkling outer space stars.”
Lugh wiggled side to side and crossed his arm with a sour frown. “I have never heard of that Greek poem or that Greek poet Hesiod before.” The other teens laughed out loud.
Is Chel laughed. “Are we all surprised, Lugh?”
“No, footstool!” Mithras laughed.
Pele smiled down at the screen on her laptop while searching more information. “Geez! You had failed the academic subjects of earth science, world history, mathematics, world literature, spelling, and Greek poets and poems.”
Lugh sneered. “Shut up, Pele!”
She continued to read out loud, “Here is a really weird riddle which is related to the secret location of Tartarus that has not been credited by any god or goddess or alien or human..."
"Because the creator of the riddle killed that god or goddess or alien or human right after revealing the location of the Tartarus by Satan's Grandmother," Lugh laughed with the other teens.
She read out loud. "An anvil falls down from the heavenly plane and takes nine days and nights to reach the earthly plane. That same object, an anvil, will take the same amount of time and space to fall down from the earthly plane and then reach the final location in Tartarus.”
Mithras rubbed his hands with a nod. "Now, that is a great big working clue. A day and a night is equal to twenty-four hours. Twenty-four hours times nine days equals 216 hours. What does 216 hours translate into?"
Isis smiled. "The total amount of 216 hours is 12,960 minutes. Or the total amount of 216 hours is 777,600 seconds."
Is Chel pointed with a grin at Isis. "Now, that smart goddess knows her math skills."
"Thank you!" She smiled at Is Chel.
"I am clueless." Kuan Yi frowned.
"I am useless." Shango frowned.
“This is a riddle.” Isis turned and pointed at the teen god. “Hey, Balder! You're the great teen god riddler among the gang of current god and goddess teens. So, come and answer this riddle!”
Balder looked up from Nikki and frowned at Isis. “Uh! I don’t know the answer to the riddle.” Each teen laughed out loud for a few seconds and then stared at each other in silence for a full minute.
Teen leader Thian exhaled with defeat and then smiled at each face. “All right! We are clueless to the mysterious location of Tartarus, like Satan's Grandmother," he laughed with the other teens. "But I do know that ambrosia is a concoction of honey, water, fruit, olive oil, and barley.”
Is Chel grinned. “You’re supposed to call out the words, subject change, when you can the subject, Thian.”
Shango tossed both of his arms in the air and laughed out loud. “Lunchtime! I call out the next subject change,” he slapped both of his hands down on top of the hard surface and nodded with a smile.
Pele turned and sneered at Shango, “It’s not the lunchtime meal.”
Kuan Yi pointed and smiled at Pele. “Subject change!”
Isis leaned over and smiled into the cheekbone on Thian. “I didn’t know that ambrosia was a concoction of honey, water, fruit, olive oil, and barley. You're so smart, Thian.”
Shango folded down his waistline with a distorted face and hit his forehead on the hard surface on purpose, laughing out loud. “I think I’m going to become sick to my stomach.”
Pele sneered at the misbehaving god, “Shut up, Shango!”
Shango looked up and burped out loud shuffling his parted lips and both of his hands with weird sounds. “Who in the world or on the planet or in the cosmic mixes the mineral of yellow tinted tasting olive oil with golden tinted sweet-tasting honey? And it is not I!” He slapped both of his hands down on top of the hard surface rocking the table for fun with his mighty teen god strength.
Pele slapped the table with both of her palms to stop the rocking motion and frowned at the misbehaving teen god. “Shut up, Shango!”
He grinned. “Now, a cup of sweet honey with sweet fruit piece with tree nuts sounds delicious! I’m getting hungry again. When is our scheduled lunch meal? The hour is passed my lunchtime meal.”
She continued to snarl at the misbehaving god. "Shut up, Shango!”
Thian smiled. “Ambrosia is the food of the gods.”
“…and goddesses…” Nikki frowned at Thian. “Why do you purposefully leave out the goddesses from your speeches, Thian?”
Is Chel laughed and pointed at Nikki, “Subject change!”
Thian repeated with a smile. “Ambrosia is the food of all the gods and all the goddesses.”
Mithras frowned with frustration at the moment. “We all know that food fact, Thian.”
Shango smiled. “Like I said before now it is the lunchtime meal as we all had eaten the breakfast meal, this morning, which was four hours ago," he burped out loud and tossed both of his arms in the air
Isis frowned. “Thank you, gross Food god, Shango.”
Shango slapped both of his hands down on top of the hard surface and nodded with a smile. He spun around inside the chair and faced the side wall of dried mud, wiggling his middle finger in the air space that activated his teen god powers. A long table appeared and parked on the side wall displaying a row of food trays with hot and cold entrees and a large pail of cold beverages. He slid off the chair and advanced to the side wall with a smile, grabbing an empty plate, filling it with a pile of delicious food items. Each male left the table and followed Shango first but not Thian. Then each goddess slid off the table and followed beside Ares next filling an empty plate of food. Each teen returned back to the dining room table and sat down eating the meal.
At the table without a plate of food, Thian nodded. “We still do not know the location of Tartarus. But, maybe, if we could find the earth mineral ingredients which forms god and goddess ambrosia food, then we might could find the lost village or community of Tartarus.”
Lugh swallowed the food and frowned at Thian. “No! They are gods and goddesses without their personal god and goddess powers as each one of the nasty Titans lives underground.”
Thian smiled. “Part of the god and goddess ambrosia is the food ingredient of natural honey. Honey comes from a honeybee. The Earth insect, the flying winged honeybee is a subset of bees, the third largest insect order and exists within the kingdom of Amimalia and Phylum of Arthropoda and Class of Insecta and order of Humenoptera and Family of Apidae and Genus of Apis. And the honey bee has lived for millions of years."
Isis leaned over and smiled at Thian. “I am impressed with Thian,” she sat back and ate the food forming her closed lips into a smirk.
Is Chel pointed at Isis with a smile. “Subject change!” Then she ate her food.
Ares chewed his food and stared at Thian, “What is Thian trying to say to us?”
Shango chewed the food, “He's talking like a bot computer which is part of his active brain matter."
“O!” Ares smiled and chewed the food, looking down, stabbing the meat.
Pele chewed the food and typed on the keyboard while hearing the beep, wiggling her two goddess digits in the air with a smile. She looked up and pointed at the rear wall. "I have placed an array of colorful pictures of honeybees there on the wall screen for your eyeballs and your brain cells."
Lugh scooted his chair and looked up, smiling at the wall screen. “Awe! The little honey bee is building his house...”
Mithras frowned at Lugh. “Honeycomb, dummy! Within the colony of honey bees, the set of worker bees produces and builds a honeycomb structure that comprises numerous hexagon shaped cells. Each honey bee collects the nectar watery liquid from the flower and then stores the nectar as honey inside their honeycomb hive,” he shook his bone skull and continued to eat in silence.
Pele smiled. "A honey bee shows six legs, two compound eyes with thousands of tiny lenses on each side of the head. Three eyes on top of the head, two pairs of wings, and two stomachs. One stomach for a nectar pouch and the other one for their food. A honey bee contains 170 odor receptors that recognizes signals and social communication and smells their food within the hive. The two pair of wings on a honey bee flies 200-beats-per-second making a distinctive buzzing sound. The bee flies six miles from the hive at fifteen miles-per-hour. The brain of a honey bee is oval-shaped and the size of a sesame seed that learns and remembers object, makes complex mathematical calculations in distance and performs efficient forage skills. The physical proboscis on the honey bee appears like a drinking straw sucking up the juicy nectar watery liquid from each flower. The nectar falls down into the first stomach inside the honey bee. The main stomach digests food for energy and existence. Back at the house, I mean the hive, inside the first stomach within the bee, the insect processes the nectar liquid into honey..."
"What! Wait! Whoa! Hold up!" Shango tossed both of his arms and frowned at Pele. "I did not know that a honey bee possesses two stomachs. And I did not know that the dang bee processes the fresh supply of flower nectar inside its first stomach and then dumps that tub of honey down into their shared honeycomb hive home. I wanna know this. How does the bee release all of its processed honey from its first stomach going down into their shared honeycomb hive home, honey?"
"It shits it out from it butthole just like Shango!" Ares clapped and laughed with the other teens, except for Shango. Shango gasped in alarm and frowned in disgust shaking his bald mound.
Is Chel pointed at the wall screen and smiled to each teen. " A honeybee can travel two miles from its honeycomb hive for foraging for food and pollinating the flowers visiting two million flowers to produce one pound of honey.
Lugh smiled. "The race of Carpenter bees pollinates all blueberry fruits that keeps the wild fruit growing in the forestland."
Thianne frowned. "What does your useless point add to the thread on the honey bee?"
"Nothing!" He laughed.
Is Chel smiled."A honey bee collects the nectar juice from the flower and stores the honey inside the hexagon shaped cells which is called a honeycomb home, honey," she giggles. "Both the nectar and the honey provides energy and food for the flight muscles on each worker bee. The honey food also feeds all the hungry new honeybee babies. A honey bee is the only insect that produces food for the human race, honey, of course. A honey bee exhibits sleeping behaviors like other mammals including humans and gods and goddesses..
"Hey! I don't need to sleep!" Lugh slapped his chest with a grin.
Mithras frowned. "And it shows. And we can see, hear, and tell you: go to sleep, footstool!" He laughed with the male gods.
Is Chel nodded. "A honey bee produces milk for each baby bee which is called the Royal Jelly. Royal Jelly is the only food the larvae eats during its formation of eyeballs and wings. A honey bee uses it sesame seed sized memory to navigate the air waves by memory, visual landmarks, colors, the position of the sun, the smell of the air and magnetic forces. Each honey bee communicates a new pod of flowers with the information of distance by performing a waggle dance in the air waves to the hive of honey bees. A honey bee possesses a distinct odor..."
"... just like Balder. Balder also possesses a de-stink odor coming from his pair of naked feet inside his nasty pair of topless leather flip-flops. I do believe he and Lugh needs a bubble bath right now and right there inside their private lavatory," Ares laughed with the others.
She frowned. "Every colony also smells differently from another honey bee colony. A queen bee possesses a stinger tail, but she never, ever lives the honeycomb hive to defense her royal person or her royal place. She depends upon the guardian worker bees for that. But, if a worker bee is threatened by another force or human or animal or another insect, the bee will sting with its stinger and then the insect dies. because the stinger from the attacking honey bee gets hooked into your fleshy god or goddess or alien or mammal or human skin while the bee is trying to flee. When the stinger tail gets stuck in the flesh or hair strand, part of its flying bee body becomes ripped off, causing the poor insect to die immediately. The mammal or human or animal or god or goddess experiences a swollen prick of red tinted skin as its bee venom spreads around the limb.
Ares smiled. "Awe! You really did murder in bee blood and bee guts each and every poor flying insect by tearing its little body apart into a death ritual."
Isis lifted her hand and giggled with a grin. "My turn! My turn! I wanna tell every teen my known of the honey bee insect. The honey bee lives in a colony. The colony holds 60,000 honeybees and one queen bee, honey." she laughed with the other teens. "Inside the colony with the single queen, every female is called worker bee and does all the work until each female dies six week later. Poor girl! The queen bee live for five years to mate with each drone worker and then produce an eggs inside her queen hive. She lays 2,500 eggs per year and 200,000 eggs per year. If the queen stores the drone male sperm to fertilize her egg, then the larva becomes a female bee. If the egg is not fertilized, then the larva becomes a male honey bee. The male honey bee is called a drone bee which does not possess a stinger tail and does not produce honey and really does not work but only mates..."
"I want that fabulous working job too!" Shango raised his hand and laughed with the other male gods only.
She frowned. "Inside the colony, there are thousands of worker female bees, one hundred drone male bees, and one female queen bee. Each worker honey bee is assigned a specific task inside the honeycomb hive. A nurse honey bee..."
"...like my Thianne, who is my honey bee of a tender caring nurse, when I'm sick and tired and lonely and..." A red tinted echo blast appeared in the air waves and hit the bicep on Ares. He screamed out loud and then whipped an angry face towards the only person on the planet that hated his guts, shouting out loud with fury, "Thian!"
"Yes!" Thian winked with a smirk at Marcus/Ares.
Isis cleared her throat and smiled. "Each worker honey bee performs a different task inside their shared honeycomb hive home. A nurse bee takes care of all the larva eggs. A construction female worker bee bonds the wax cells into making each honeycomb shape. A janitor female worker bee cleans the hive. A guardian female worker bee protects the hive. A food finder worker bee finds and gathers the food for the hive."
Ares growled one more time at evil Thian and then smiled, slapped one of his palms down onto the hard surface and then wipes off both of his dirty hands with the cloth napkin. He smiled at each face. "My turn! I wanna talk about the sex acts of each honey bee..."
"No! No! No!"Thian waved both of his arms in the air with a sneer and shook his bone skull at Marcus. "Marcus, that is not needed or necessary here within our discussion thread," he dropped both of his arms and hit the hard surface rocking the dining room table with his teen god strength. Pele slapped both of her hands down on the surface and stopped the rocking motion on the table over the hard floor using her teen goddess powers while laughing out loud at the silly pretend fight between Thian and Marcus.
He smiled."Yeah, it is. I gotta do my part as a god male for the entire wall of male teens. A drone worker is a male that only lives for sex with the queen bee. Now, I find that both an exciting and thrilling job along with Shango and the rest of the raging teenly hormones coming from each male teen, right now," he laughed with the other males. "Words are some powerful allies, ya'll! The drone male honey bee exists for one purpose in its short life to fu..."
"Ares!" Thianne gasped in shock.
"...fudge on the queen bee. Then the drone male bee dies in the act of mating. Can you imagine that visual scene?" He laughed with the goddesses, not the gods. "This is a classic exhibition of a sexual suicide within the insect kingdom. Man, I'm glad that I am part of the god kingdom. Sex intercourse  between the male and female bees occur in mid-air flight. The queen bee flies out from the honeycomb hive and searches for her mates. A group of drone male bees swarm around her bee body and then compete for a chance to mate her bee private parts," he chuckled with some of the teen gods. "Eventually, one male drone bee grabs her private part and then inserts his bee penis into her reproductive body part. I do not know where, so do not ask me," he chuckled with the other teens. Balder gasped in alarm and reached over, covering both of the earlobes on his girl Nikki while growling at nasty Ares. The other teens laughed out loud.
Ares continued. " Then a mid-air explosive force comes from that male ejaculation act which causes the tip on his ex penis to rupture and then become ripped off from his male bee body and left inside the queen bee reproductive body part. Ouch for the male bee and the queen bee! Then the happy but tired and dead male drone honey bee falls down from the air waves and lands its dead bee body down on the grass for a bird to eat for its mid-day meal. The queen continues to mate with eleven other male drone bees during one non-wedding flight pattern until her bladder or her stomach or her whatever contains enough male sperm to fertilize all of her one million baby bee eggs for the rest of her five year life force down here on Planet Earth. Wow! That's a beautiful and rough and tough and wild ride, ya'll!"
Kuan Yi frowned at arrogant Ares. "And finally, a honey bee can detect changes within the air pressure. If the weather produces raindrops, then each honeybee stays safe and warm inside their honeycomb hive. A honey bee does not fly in the cold air temperatures either. During the wintertime days and nights, a honey bee eat the honey that had been collected during the warmer days and months. The colony forms a group hug inside their hive keeping the queen bee and their fellow bees warm and cozy.
Lugh laughed. “A honey bee female possesses and uses a defensive sting on their stinger ...”
“...like a defensive female goddess.” Shango laughed out loud and mouth spat his chewed food particles over his food, in the air, and over the table.
Is Chel laughed with amusement, “Subject change!”
He smiled. “A female bee stings and bites when mad ...”
“….only at teen god Shango ...” Mithras laughed and then ate more of the food.
“Shut up, Balder!” He frowned.
Mithras smiled. “That’s why he doesn’t have a girl…”
“Shut up, Balder!” He hissed at his friend.
Kuan Yi nodded. “A honey bee will also pollens flowers, fruits, and vegetables.”
Mithras continued to eat and taunt his friend at the same time with a wink. “Shango doesn’t pollen…”
Shango pointed at Mithras and growled with annoyance. “Hey! Do you remember the words I told Lugh?”
He laughed. “Naw!”
“Simmer or blender down, you big beanie weenie!” Shango snarled.
Mithras continued to chew the food and then slowly started to stand upright from the chair for a new fight with the arrogant teen god. A red tinted echo blast appeared and slammed into the naked bicep on Mithras. He cursed out and looked down at the stinging flesh without a cut or a burn, looking up, growling at the attacker. "Thian!"
Thian sneered and pointed a finger at Shango and then Mithras. “Shango, shut up and sit down! Mithras, sit and heel in here!” He slapped both palms on top of the hard surface nodding with a smile at each teen. "So, every teen understands the purpose of the honey bee. What is the purpose of the honeybee's honey?"
Lugh frowned. “I don’t know.” The other teens laughed and pointed at the shorter teen god.
Pele smiled. "The forage or each food item for the queen and all of the worker honeybees is nectar and pollen coming from each blooming plant within their flight path. The forage provides pollination of flowers. Nectar contains sugar that feed the muscles on each bee wing and heats the honeybee body for the wintertime. Pollen provides protein minerals that fed the baby honeybees which replaces the dead honeybees to continue the life cycle and colony activity.
Is Chel smiled. "Honey is sweet-tasting fluid substance that is only produced by a colony of honey bees from the juicy nectar of flowers. Some humans prefer the taste of honey over sugar. Honey does not spoil, because the high sugar concentration kills all the bacteria and the low volume of moisture within the natural substance. Honey does not stale any type of food item. Thus honey is really the food of the gods and goddesses and humans and aliens and animals. Honey contains water, minerals and enzymes that promote food digestion, provides vitamins and antioxidants that can sustain a life form  and improves brain functions to boot," she clapped with silliness along with the other teens.
"The end!" Ares laughed out loud and then leaned over, cuddling into Thianne, whispering a set of sweet words into her cheekbone. She giggled with a grin down at her food plate.
"Finally, the end!" Lugh laughed.
Is Chel frowned. "Well, this is not the end. This is only the beginning. We are trying to find a colony of honey bees inside the active honeycomb hive that have been feeding honey to the race of Titans, so we can find and then stop Satan's Grandmother from opening the sealed cave that had been sealed by our parents or our grandparents." 
Lugh frowned. "Do I need to remind here? The race of Titans lives under the wet, dirt earth ground, inside a sealed up cave, which is lost and not found. Thus, all of them are dead, gone, not here, someplace else, but Planet Earth. That don't need or use or eat honey products anymore. Why are we pursuing this silly teenly adventure anyhow and anyways? I should have asked that question four days ago. Haven't I been living here at the Windsor Farms for four days?" Lugh frowned.
"Shut up, foot stool!" Shango sneered with annoyance at the short god and the entire threat from Satan's Grandmother.
Mithras continued to sit and ponder the situation, pointing at the wall screen with an array moving film that displays honey bees. "I would like to point out that most of the purchased honey products and every natural honeycomb comes from a honey bee farm that resides on a crop farm that is owned by a human farmer. This is where all of the thorough research of honey bees has been observed and documented for the race of humans. We can eliminate all of the honey bee farms from our massive geographical location list that will not pinpoint the hidden cave with the race of Titans. So, I wanna pose a new question here. Where do the wild honey bees live and reside throughout the land? How are we going to find a honeycomb hive of wild honey bees? These particular bees are wild, not tame which will lead us to the race of Titans," he turned and scanned each face on every god and goddess in silence.
Balder looked up with a smile and slapped his chest, nodding with a silly sing. “They ain’t tame. They’re wild and free like me. Hey! I riddled another poem. I'm smart.”
“Forget Balder! He lost his mind. And I rhymed it too!” Lugh pointed and laughed at Balder.
Isis smiled. “Each honey bee product offers several earth-friendly natural skin care and beauty care products for the bees, the honey, and the humans," she giggled with silliness.”
Is Chel smiled and shook her curls. “No time for free product advertisements, right now, Isis.”
Nikki told. “My point, each bee product is sulfate free, paraben free, phthalate free, petrochemical free ...”
Shango slapped his chest with laughter, “It’s free like me!” He looked back down and smiled at his hands underneath the table.
Mithras sneered, “Shut up, Shango!”
He looked up and laughed out loud with several head nods. “I’ll free like them!” Shango again looked back down with a smile and stared down at the floor.
Pele sneered, “Shut up, Shango!”
Is Chel nodded. “For one liter of honey, the gang of workers bee must collect nectar from 10 million flowers. The worker bee can carry half her weigh in nectar and pollen and still fly to the honeycomb. This is another very important hint in finding a colony of wild honey bees that are supplying food to the gods and goddesses of Titans.”
Shango smiled down at the floor. “Great clouds of angry bees attacked entire cities and sting hundreds of people to death, every year.”
Is Chel turned and frowned at the bald mound on Shango. “What are you reading in your hidden hands or down on the floor, Shango?”
He looked up and gasped in shock. “Uh! Bee...”
“Be mine, honeybee!” Ares whispered to Thianne as she giggled. A red echo blast appeared and slammed into the hand on Marcus. He yelped out loud and then turned snarling at Pele.
“Pay attention, Marcus!” Pele sneered.
Thian pointed at the wall corner on the other side of the classroom and nodded with a smile. “And move to the side wall away from my sister inside this room, Marcus.” Ares didn’t move but smiled at Thian in silence.
Mithras leaned over and surveyed the pair of naked hands on Shango. "He's watching a science fiction Hollywood movie film on top  of his black tinted naked hands using his god powers, before we march off to the bloody war with Satan's Grandmother. Ah! He is relaxing his battle mind before the battle. I'm cool with that!” He sat back and nodded with laughter.
Isis frowned. “You need to concentrate on the location of each colony of wild honey bees, Shango.”
Shango winked at Isis. “Well, there is a gang of Africanized Killer Bees...”
“...that live in the country of Africa, not here in the US State of Alabama, bro,” Mithras frowned.
He winked at Isis. “Well, they could be a-coming to here, some day and somewhere.”
Thian slapped both of his palms down onto the hard surface grabbing the spotlight, exhaling with frustration. "We know three things, so far. Nectar is eaten by the Titans. Nectar is honey. Honey comes from a colony of honey bees.”
Lugh smiled with silliness. "I'm still not following the logic with this nectar and honey and god thing.”
Balder laughed and mouth spat his chewed food particles in the air and over the table, “Because you're both short and dumb, foot stool!”
He frowned. “Shut up, Balder!”
Thian smiled at the silly conversation between the two teen gods. “The colony of tame and wild honey bees produce honey on a daily basis. So, the race of Titans need to eat …”
“… and drink and pee.” Ares laughed with some of the other teens. Thianne reached over and slapped his big bicep with a sour frown.
Shango frowned. “Shut up, Ares!”
Thian smiled. “The race of Titans are trapped in Tartarus in which they must eat nourishment or die from something.”
Lugh started to wave both of her arms in the air and panicked with alarm. “That could something else that affects the race of Titans. Look it up in some ancient resource!”
He flipped his hand and smiled. “Forget about the ancient library or textbook or artifact! My theory, the nectar from the honey is produced inside the cave that feeds the Titans.”
Lugh continued to wiggle side to side at Thian. “Impossible! They can’t get out from the cave. They can’t leave the cave due to the curse of Zeus.”
Is Chel nodded with a stern face, “Ah! I see where you’re heading with this. The race of Titans are trapped by magic, not imprisoned like a gang of thieves.”
Thian nodded. “Exactly! Zeus must provide food and water for them.”
Mithras clapped and laughed with amusement. “Party Central with the Titans!”
“What does that expression mean?” Isis turned and frowned at the nose profile on Thian.
Shango leaned over and whispered into the cheekbone on Thian, “Is-is is a young and green female. She’s twelve year old going on eighteen, Thian.”
Thian sneered. “Shut up, Shango!”
Shango smiled at Isis. “How old are you, Isis?”
Isis giggled. “In teen or human or goddess days?”
“Forget it!” Shango laughed.
Thian exhaled with annoyance. “A honey bee finds the air hole and travels into the cave making honey.”
“... and making love …” Ares chuckled. Pele wiggled her two digits with goddess powers and drew out her red tinted echo blast, hitting the naked skin on his hand. He hollered in pain and then sneered at Pele while rubbing the area with his hand. “Pele, babe!” She winked with a giggle at Ares.
This week, the teen god and goddess powers on every teen were growing exponentially and then accelerating towards full-fledged god and goddess strength throughout each day and night right before their eighteenth birthday while exhibiting a good talent with some naughty bad behaviors while performing their new and nasty supernatural talents.
Shango pointed at Ares. "Listen with both ears, bro!”
Ares smiled at the cheekbone on Thianne. “I’m listening ...”
“…. to Thianne’s heartbeat...” he winked at Thian.
“So, what did Thian say, Ares?” Pele asked.
Ares smiled at Thianne, “The bees leaves…”
“The bees die," Thian frowned. "The sealed cave is a self-contained shelter with pods of wildflowers and the race of Titans. A honey bee can't help itself finding a flower, sucking up the sweet nectar, pollinating the flower. So, a flock of new honey bees finds the same tiny hole and then enters the same sealed cave making more honey, so the race of Titans can live and not die for the rest of eternity. So, there is a tiny air hole somewhere or someplace on the closed gate of the hidden cave that leads into the tiny cold spot named as Tartarus. So, we find the colony of wild honey bees following their waggle dance in flight and locate the lost cave, seeking the tiny hole, busting open the stone wall and climb down into the cave first before, before Satan's Grandmother comes and open the gates and then releases the nasty race of Titans. Then we win it all!” He tossed both of his arms in the air and laughed out loud, slapping both of his hands down on top of his legs. The other teens clapped with a smile for Thian.
Shango nodded with laughter. “Good plan, Thian!”
Pele nodded with a smile. “Excellent idea, Thian!”
Is Chel nodded with a grin. “Too easy!”
Lugh crossed his arms without clapping or displaying a bright smile while sneering at Thian. “Your new working Titan theory is both mental and sick, Thian!
Ares clapped with the good item and then slapped both of his palms down on the hard surface, nodding to Thian. “There’s a catch.”
“No, Ares!” Isis continued to clap for Thian but frowned at Ares
“Yes, Ares!” Thian nodded with a stern face to Ares, turning to scan the rest of the faces.
Ares nodded at Pele. “I told you so. There is always a catch.”
“How do you that, Marcus?” Shango turned and frowned at Ares.
He slapped his chest and nodded with a smile. “I read ...”
“...only comic books...” Shango laughed.
“...in big capital letters …” Mithras nodded.
Balder stood upright from the chair with a face of food stains slapped his chest with laughter and , “... and bigger bre ….”
"Burp!" Shango expressed from his parted lips and then formed a meek grin. "I am sorry, ya'll." He patted his full stomach muscles while chuckling with amusement, looking back down at the new Hollywood movie film with a smile.
“Shout your mouth, Balder, Shango, and Mithras!” Ares swiftly stood upright from the shared bench with his girl Thianne, folding his hands, rotating both of his fits in the air and sneered at each teen god.
Thian smiled. “Sit down, Ares! Stand down, Balder!” Ares sat down and leaned into the cheekbone on Thianne with a smile.
Balder slowly sat back down and sneered at Ares. Nikki leaned over and tickled his chest. He chuckled and turned to smile at his girl.
Thian slammed the hard surface and turned with a smile to each face. "We start the search for a colony of wild honey bees that are posed near the hidden cave that holds the race of Titans. I need a team of teens to seek out the colony of honey bees and a second team of ..."
Nikki smiled. “Wait, Thian!" Each teen turned and stared at Nikki. She wiggled inside her chair and nodded her curls. "An anvil falls down from the heavenly plane and takes nine days and nights to reach the earthly plane. That same object, an anvil, will take the same amount of time and space to fall down from the earthly plane and then reach the final location in Tartarus.”
"You're a day late, a dollar short, and deaf in both eardrums, Nikki. We had heard and then discussed that riddle hours ago," Lugh laughed with some of the other teens.
Nikki wiggled inside the chair and reached out, gently slapping the naked bicep on Balder, nodding with a smile to each face. "I do not believe this is a silly riddle. I do believe that this is a current math problem. The mathematical answer from the ancient Greek poem is a total of 216 hours walking or running or flying or heading towards some mysterious geographical place here on the earthly plane. No human or alien or god or goddess lives far down below the earth's surface, unless that individual or individuals are part of the nasty race of Titans. So, a long time ago, a pair of human naked feet had to walk to the closest place or village or community. So, the pace walking of a human is 3.1 miles-per-hour. Thus, the total of 216 hours divided by the human walking speed of 3.1 miles-per-hour mathematical equal 69.67 miles going north or south or east or west from our home base."
Lugh frowned. "You are assuming the secret location of Tartarus exists here in the US State of Alabama and closer to the farm property here at the Windsor Farmsland."
She nodded "Yes, I am proposing my working theory to each one here. The location of Tartarus is located here in the US State of Alabama. Angel Polly and her herd of HANKS had visited us here in Alabama and then they had been attacked here near our home base. Each final goddess and god weapon happened to be touring the city of Birmingham within the US State of Alabama also. And the final clue or hint or fact, each member of the supernatural team of teen gods and goddesses that only exist and breathe here in the USA live, right here and right now, on Sand Mountain, in the city of Fultondale, within the US State of Alabama. Each one of us is quickly approaching our eighteenth birthday, right here and right now, in Alabama. So, it is logical that the secret location of Tartarus is somewhere near our home base and Satan's Grandmother hints at this geographical fact too. She has already murdered one of our supernatural gang members because our smart goddess friend Kruti was very close to figuring out her secret plans. The end!" Each teen clapped with a smile for Nikki, but Lugh. He crossed his arms and stared at the goddess.
Thian slapped the surface with a smile. "Excellent work, Nikki! Now, we just need to figure out which geographical direction is the proper direction in order to locate the hidden cave of Titans. What town or city or community or rural country road is precisely 69.67 miles from metro city Birmingham here within the State of Alabama?"
Is Chel slid off her chair and wiggled her two goddess digits activating her powers, shouting out loud to each teen. "Get off your butthole and vanish your chair and back away from the table, right now! So, I can do my thing and find the lost cave of the Titan, right here," she made the dining room table disappear as the circle of chairs continued to stood.
Each teen stood upright and wiggled their personal individual body parts that activated their supernatural powers, making their chair or bench disappear from the floor inside the classroom, slowly moving back and stood against one of the dried mud walls and watched Is Chel.
Pele, Nikki, and Balder stood in front of the entrance wall. Shango, Thian, and Isis posed on the side wall. Is Chel, Lugh, and Dainichi stood on the rear wall. Kuan Yi, Ares, Thianne, and Mithras stood on the other side wall.
Is Chel slowly scooted from the center of the room and wiggled both of her two hand digits producing a new world hologram in pretty bright colors representing dark green for forestlands, dark blue for water, and dark brown for land. The fake world globe slowly rotated in a circle and almost touched down on the floor and at the top of the ceiling. She talked to her goddess creation. "Now, hologram world, show me each geographical direction precisely at map marker 69.67 miles from the city of Birmingham here in the US State of Alabama, only!"
The hologram world stopped the rotation and popped out each town, city, and community within the US State of Alabama, slowly crawling four different colors line from the city of Birmingham, slithering over the map with loud sounds of pops, cracks, tings, pings, booms, and bangs for some strange reason. Is Chel chuckled with the other teens.
On the entrance wall, teen goddess Isis frowned at the hologram, “What’s it doing?”
On the rear wall, teen goddess Is Chel smiled and dropped both of her arms, slapping her legs, “The hologram globe is searching and working on the information while flashing and beeping and chirping and clicking …”
“... pooting and tooting and farting and peeing …” Shango danced side to side with laughter.
Thian reached over with a sneer and slammed his fist into the exposed stomach muscles on Shango "Shut up, Shango!” He sat back upright and studied the hologram globe in silence.
The hologram world halted its movement. Four individual colorful lines halted and led back to the glowing green colored city of Birmingham. Is Chel smiled at the hologram world and read out loud each city name that was displayed in a different color. "The four different geographical locations are the western city of Tuscaloosa; the eastern town of Gadsden; the southern city of  Prattville and the Priceville Mountain range in the north. One of these sites is the lost cave of Titans."
Mithras crossed his arms and frowned at the hologram world. “Impossible!”
Kuan Yi frowned with a nod. “I agree this is mega-impossible that the lost cave within the hidden spot of Tartarus resides precisely 69.67 miles from Windsor Farms.”
Is Chel smiled. "Well, it does. Now, we need to pinpoint which geographical direction houses an underground cavern with food and water and darkness and dampness for a god and his goddess wife. A cave resides in one place. I doubt the cave floor under the earth extends more than several hundred feet inside the lost cavern with the Titans. So, we should go and explore each one of the four places!"
Pele smiled. "Wait! We have a second clue to unravel the correct geographic location with the hidden cave. A honey bee colony is wild, not tame that lives in the thick grove of trees, fruit plants and colorful wildflowers within the forestland. A honeybee can travel two miles from its honeycomb hive home foraging for food and pollinating the flowers while visiting two million flowers to produce one pound of honey. That is the next clue. We have the four distinct geographical locations of north or south or east or west from here. But we do not know which geographical location among the four hot spots is the correct cold place with the cave walls. Hologram world, among the four displayed geographical places on your body, please, show the single forestland place that houses two million or more individual colored wildflowers, where the bumblebees, the honey bees, the bears, the cougars, the birds, the squirrels, the jack rabbits, and the rest of Mother Nature's family members live, work and play!"
The hologram world did not rotate but growled at the vocal goddess command exhibiting a pink tinted line coming from the green tinted glowing city of Birmingham and then slowly scanned each city for the selected information and then eliminated the western city of Tuscaloosa.
Lugh gasped in shock and pointed at the pink line. "Look at that! That pink line is scanning each city. Now, the eastern marker has disappeared. Why's that?"
Kuan Yi smiled. "Because I have visited the city of Tuscaloosa before I came to live here with my adoptive parents. Tuscaloosa is a true city with people, animals, garbage, buildings, and a few aliens. A wild colony of honey bee might live there but not two million wildflowers. One down; three more to go." The pink line slowly moved down towards the southern direction and then scanned the city of Prattville making the peach tinted hologram name disappear. The pink tinted line flew upwards and scanned the western town of Gadsden making the lavender tinted name disappear also. The only lighted name on the hologram map was the Priceville Mountain range that was located 69.67 miles north of Birmingham.
Thianne smiled and pointed at the lighted name, "Look there! The hologram map found the city."
Pele lifted her palm near a stern face and watched the hologram world. "Wait! Let the map continue its goddess command. We want to be sure and certain and positively correct that this is the cold spot on Planet Earth," she dropped her arm and slapped her leg, staring at the pink line.
The pink line soared towards the north and landed on top of the mint green tinted name Priceville Mountain Range slowly scanning an array of dark green forestland, each dark blue water pond, and entire arena of dark brown land. Then the pink line morphed into a yellow tinted dote blinking off and on with the finding from the goddess vocal command.
Each teen bounced up and down with fear and excitement finding the lost cavern that held the nasty race of Titans before Satan's Grandmother could go and open the gates.
On the side wall, Mithras stood beside Ares and nodded with a stern face at the hologram world with the yellow tinted named Priceville Mountain Range. "I am both shock and pleased."
Shango frowned. “What are the astrological probability super-duper odds of finding that solo hot space here in America?”
Lugh laughed. “I don't know. I failed all of my math, science and physics classes. Someone else answer that question!”
Pele nodded with a smile and stared at the yellow blinking dot on the rotating world hologram, “A leader leads. A killer kills. What is your next command, leader?”
Thian smiled at the globe. “My new command, go and find the honey bee flight path that leads us to the lost cave first. Then we guard the closed gates and finally introduce ourselves to Satan's Grandmother, before we beat the crap outta of her furry butthole. Through the hologram, I wanna see a show of one or both of your hands that silently cheer for a war battle with Satan's Grandmother.” Each set of arms rose into the air and each pair of hands wiggled their teen fingers at Thian as each teen softly chuckled with the upcoming war battle with their enemy. He nodded with a smile. "I see each pair of hands in the air, except on Lugh and Dainichi.”
Mithras slapped his hands over his hair roots, shouting out loud “Stars and stripes forever, Yankee doodle boys and babes!”
On the rear wall beside Lugh, Dainichi tossed her palm near her frown, “Wait! I don’t know how to fight with my enemy.”
“Man, she got that right!” Mithras sneered at Dainichi and stood beside Ares. Ares grunted with a deep cord of agreement and stared at Dainichi also.
"I wanna stay.” She nodded.
Is Chel frowned. “Do you wear a pair of chicken ears?”
Lugh frowned. “A hen or a rooster or a chick does not possess a pair of ears like a dog or a cow or a horse or a god.”
Is Chel nodded and stared with a stern face at Dainichi, “That’s right! A pair of ears is not present on a hen or a rooster or a chick; but each feathered mammal can still hear. Dainichi doesn’t want to participate.”
Shango pointed at Lugh and nodded with a smile to Thian. “Fine! Lugh will stay and protect Dainichi. The end! Let's go and party down with Satan's Grandmother, ya'll!”
Lugh stood against the wall and gasped in shock, “Me!”
Mithras jabbed a finger with a sneer at Lugh, “Yeah, you, little man, are the sappy-dappy god with a sappy-dappy ego, to boot.”
Lugh leaned over and whispered to Dainichi. “What did he say?”
“Forget all of them, true teen god Liam! Each one of them is a stupid half-god or half-goddess creature with their full powers.” Dainichi continued to sit and crossed her arms sneering at Mithras.
Isis frowned. “So, how are going to get up there on top of the Priceville Mountain Range mountain peak. It is precisely 69.67 miles away from us.”
Nikki smiled. “We drive a car and then stop at the roadside and walk up the mountain peak like a group exploring human hikers, so we do not cause any type of trouble.”
Lugh laughed. “You mean to say that you run like a human going away, away, away down South in Dixie…”
Pele smiled. "That's too easy. We all perform out pop trick and land down like a true god and goddess." She wiggled her goddess hand that controlled her goddess powers near her grin.
Ares frowned. "Naw! We can't do that, Pele. We're too far from the touchdown spot like precisely 69.67 miles, too far."
Shango clapped his hands and nodded with a smile. "Then we morph into our spirit animal and fly through the current time and air space waves landing down on top of the mountain peak."
Is Chel nodded with a smile. “That's a very good idea, Shango!”
“You gods.” Kuan Yi frowned.
Thian turned and nodded to the goddess. “Kuan Yi, do you have another brilliant idea for the group?”
Kuan Yi talked and waved her hands in the air. “I would like to point out here. If we fly through the air, then we’re become dependent upon the status of the stratosphere.”
Mithras frowned. “We’re not flying up and through the outer space waves.”
Is Chel nodded. “That's very good point, Kuan Yi!”
Lugh frowned. “And you can’t perform a pop trick without a locator point coming from a grounded god or goddess either. Unless someone else wants to hike their butthole and stand up there on top of the Priceville Mountain peak as the touchdown point!”
Shango pointed with a smile at Lugh, “I suggest here that we send Lugh and his butt fart idea and hope he can’t find his way home to Windsor Farms,” he laughed with some of the other teens with amusement.
He sneered at Shango. “I don’t like that silly suggestion, Shango.”
“I do.” Shango laughed with the other teens.
Thian nodded with a smile, “All right! The majority hands coming from each god and goddess rules the day. Each one on of us will morph into our individual spirit animal and then fly through the air waves taking our chance …”
“...while taking out Satan's Grandmother during our flight of freedom to Tartarus,” Shango tossed both of his arms into the air and laughed out loud.
A loud knock sounded on the exterior school house wall which loudly echoed into the classroom with the gang of teen gods and goddesses. The school house was a super natural creation which could not be accessed a red-blooded human. Then a set of loud noises followed with a female alto voice coming from outside the front porch of the schoolhouse. “Kids, are you inside the classroom? I didn't find a teen inside the house, so I guessed that each one of you are inside the school house building working on your school lessons. Hello! I can't get inside the room. Why is that? Good afternoon, teens! Can you hear my voice, teens?”
“Mrs. Windsor!” Thianne gasped in alarm and stared through the stationary hologram world at the entrance wall.
On the entrance wall, Pele gasped in alarm and spun around viewing a solid dried mud red tinted wall, shouting out loud. “Hide them! Hide all your god and goddess weapon from the human.” She squatted down and dropped individual three goddess weapons consisting of her pair of goddess assigned sunglasses, her mobile telephone and her wrist watch down into a Marc Jacobs designer brand red tinted purse. The purse fabric coordinated with her Tommy Hilfiger designer brand pink tinted pair of walking shorts and a light blue and white striped sports jacket over a red and white tinted checker-patterned shirt that held a pink and white tinted silk scarf around her naked throat. She wore a pair of Gucci designer brand platform fashion heels in pink and white fabric.
Thian moved ahead with a smile from the entrance wall and wiggled his god hand that controlled his god powers, creating a plain light tinted wooden circular table with a hollow center with a set of matching padded chairs for each teen that went the illuminated hologram world. Then a plain dark wooden teacher desk appeared behind the back spine on Thian. He continued to stare at the hologram and shouted out his order to the object. "Show me all the ice cream parlors through the world, hologram!" He chuckled and pulled out one of the empty chairs, sitting down with a grin, staring at object. The hologram removed the secret location of the hidden cave with the blinking orange dot and slowly started twirling around, displaying one-by-one each known ice cream parlor in a bright pink tinted dot around the globe.
The other teens quickly advanced ahead and hid their individual god or goddess weapons down into one of the carrying items, such like, a colorful Gucci purse or a Coach handbag or a Chanel clutch or a Hugo Boss briefcase or a Calvin Klein duffel bag or a Juicy Juice backpack or a Prada backpack or a Jessica Simpson girly briefcase from the spying eyeball of Mrs. Windsor and Granny Hanover and sat down in an empty chair. This time, Ares did not exchange his chair for a shared bench with his girl Thianne.
A door appeared on the entrance wall in dark brown wood. Mrs. Windsor entered the classroom with the bright array of blinking sunlight behind her back spine hiding her human features, casting a dark shadow into the room. She stopped and stood beside the teacher desk wearing a pair of painter jeans with a utility belt that held each one of her farm implements. Her farm tools included a hammer, a screw driver, a nail pack, a piece of coiled rope, a tiny flashlight, a tiny first aid kit and a golden tinted mobile telephone. She measured six feet and two inches in height with a pair of brown tinted eyeballs, dark skin tone, and a head of gray tinted hair underneath an old fashioned cowgirl straw hat, standing in a pair worn, dull brown tinted leather cowgirl boots.
Windsor dropped the large basket of bright red apples onto the desk of Granny Hanover. “Howdy there, kids! It's been a busy morning for me here. What are ya'll doing?”
“Bee!” Ares frowned and pointed at a buzzing yellow and black bumblebee insect launching up from the pile of ripen apples.
She reached down and slammed her leather glove on top of the flying insect, killing its life form with a bright smile. “Sorry about that! The bees like the apples too.”
“Yeah, right!” Ares laughed.
“What’s going on this morn, kids?” Windsor wiped the red tinted blood from her glove onto the leg of her jeans, smiling at each teen.
Pele answered first with a fake smile and several head nods to Windsor. “We are doing wonderful and learning and studying our part of our …”
“... geography lessons, Mrs. W.” Kuan Yi quickly added with a fake smile and numerous head nods also.
Windsor viewed the hologram globe and nodded with a smile. “That's so nice! What am I looking at?”
Nikki smiled. “This is part of our current class assignment. We’re investigating ..."
"... ice cream parlors throughout the world," Thian laughed out loud and nodded to each face. The other teens laughed and nodded with a grin to the human adult with the secret plan.
Windsor turned and surveyed an empty classroom. “That's nice! Where is Granny Hanover?”
Dainichi sat in the chair and smiled at hologram world. “Granny has other duties to attend to, this morn.”
Pele faked a smile to Pele. “That’s strange!”
Kuan Yi smiled. “No! That's not a strange incident to me. Each one of us turns eighteen years old at the end of the week. So now, we don't need Granny Hanover and she doesn’t need us either. There must be another class of new baby gods and divas arriving here this week or next week that she needs to start training into adulthood, like she has done with us.”
Mithras nodded with a smile. “That's a great point, girl!”
Windsor nodded with a smile at the globe. “That's so nice! How about a change of pace for the teens, who are not eighteen years old and a full-fledged god or goddess, this morn?”
Is Chel faked a smile. “That's nice, Mrs. W! But, we're in the middle of this new and fascinating science project.”
She smiled. “It’s the lunchtime meal.”
Shango looked down at the working wrist watch and frowned. “The current time is ten in the morning, Mrs. W.”
She nodded. “By the time, each one of you complete this new school assignment, it’ll become the lunchtime meal.”
“What new classroom assignment?” Pele questioned.
Mrs. W smiled with a nod to each teen. “How about a different type of studying today, not involving a book?”
“What books? Where is a book here inside this room? This is the modern day technology of computers and human minds, not paper and dead trees, Mrs. W.” Balder laughed.
She smiled. “Ya’ll kids can come and snack it on with the critters.”
“What are critters?” Lugh frowned.
She nodded and pointed to the ceiling. "North from the manor, there is a riding path in-between thick groves of forests and rolling hills of wildflowers and low-lying bushes that lead up toward the mountain peak. You can study the various plant life and animal life while examining the woodlands for fun and new adventure."
Nikki smiled. “Are you talking about a lunch picnic on top of the mountain peak? I do believe that sounds so fun and romantic, don't you agree with that and with me, Thian?”
She nodded. “Think of the special event like an adventure outdoors and not cooped up here inside this stuffy classroom without glass windows or a working door.” Windsor shook her head with a stern face. “I don’t understand. How can you kids breath inside this place? This cold spot is an enclosed wardrobe closet, without the warm rays of sunlight in here. A child need lots of fresh air and plenty of bright sun rays from the solar sun. Now, come outside!”
Thianne smiled. “Of course, we all will follow you outside, Mrs. W.”
“Thank, Mrs. W! We do some need fresh air right now.” Thian winked at each teen and slowly stood upright from the padded seat, motioning for the same action with each god and goddess.
Windsor smiled and then spun around to face the wooden entrance door. “That's so nice! Please, come out and stand beside last barn building in fifteen minutes,” she slowly paced towards the door that opened by magic and then halted, spinning around with a smile at each standing teen. “You must change from your school clothes into a set of wilderness stock.”
“Stock! What is a stock?” Nikki frowned at Windsor.
Dainichi touched her jewelry around her neckline and shook her curls. “My jewelry doesn’t do the outdoors.”
Windsor winked at Dainichi, “And I suggest you remove and leave all of your individual glittering gems inside your personal jewelry box, Dainichi, dear.” She swung back around and slowly moved ahead towards the open archway.
Dainichi frowned at the back spine on Windsor, “Yes, ma’am.”
“The roundup commences in fifteen minutes. Go and get your body and your clothes changed into the wilderness stock outfits. Then everyone, come out from the school house building and meet me beside the last horse barn building on the eastern side of the yard.”
Thian spun around and smiled at the back spine on Windsor, slapping his hand over both of his eyeballs from the ray of bright sunlight bombarding the room. “Yes ma’am.”
She lectured again. "Each one of you needs to chose an appropriate outfit for this adventure outside and outdoors with dirt, bugs and heat.” Windsor chuckled and blocked the bright ray of sunlight, exiting the school house room, slamming the door shut.
Inside the classroom, the rotating hologram globe slowly rotated around with the numerous pink tinted dots.
Lugh continued to hold both of his palms over his two eyeballs from the bright sunlight staring at the closed door also, shouting out loud with annoyance. “I don’t wanna go.”
Mithras dropped his hand from two eyeballs blinking into focus from the bright sunlight, staring with a sour frown at the closed door. “You and I do not have a choice or an option here, foot stool!”
Is Chel dropped her hands from the beams of bright sunlight also and stared at the closed door with a frown. “I agreed with Mithras. We must to obey Mrs. W like we must obey Granny too.”
Thianne dropped her hand and frowned at the closed door. “Where is Granny at? She wouldn’t make us do this terrible social outside school assignment without us arguing our way of it.”
Dainichi frowned at the closed door. “Granny is occupied, when I need her most.”
Thian spun around and nodded to each teen, “We must change our clothes into a wilderness outfit for a wilderness outing?”
Isis turned and winked at Thian, slapping her chest. “I'm a teen diva. I can handle anything and anyone and any stuff.”
Dainichi sneered at the wooden door. “And I’ll be warned.”
Mithras sneered at Dainichi, “Yeah, you got that right, Dainichi!”
She growled. “I...am not changing my beautiful clothes, accessories, shoes, jewelry …”
“We get the colorful pic, Dainichi.” Thianne frowned at the door.
Thian laughed. “And you're going to smell like a horse and possess horse hair, horse mud, horse sweat…”
Isis frowned. “Does a walking barn horse really sweat?”
Ares pointed at Balder with laughter, “It smells like Balder. Go and sniff his odor that replicates a barn horse!” Balder turned and wiggled his big toe shooting out a tiny red tinted echo blast at the leg on Ares. Ares swiftly lunged to the side with ease. The blast hit the wall producing a fist-sized hole in the dried mud. Ares laughed. “Nanny. Nanny. Boo. Boo. You missed me!”
Pele spun around with a smile and lifted up her open palm quickly wiggling her two digits and created a tiny ball of red tinted heat, winking at Ares. Ares turned and sneered at Pele. “Do it, too it! I double-dog dare you, Pele!” He lifted up both of his palms near his sneer for the goddess attack.
Shango turned and frowned at the evil goddess. “Whose god side do you pretend to cheer for, Pele?”
Pele sneered at Ares, “I always root for the good side of everyone getting with the current program, Balder.”
Thian exhaled with annoyance. He didn't want to attend a wilderness adventure right now either without Satan's Grandmother running around the forestland. He and the other teens had pinpointed the location of the hidden cave with the race of Titans and needed to leave the farm arriving at the closed gates before Satan's Grandmother. He shouted out loud with a sour frown. "No more fighting children! Stay focused here teens!”
Kuan Yi moved ahead with a frown towards the closed door, “You gods, there's too many mommies in here for me.” She walked through the solid mud wall without harm using her goddess powers and then emerged on the other side, strolling through the manicured yard, leading the group of teens towards the row of red tinted barn structures.
Each teen continued to lightly complain about the new school assignment and walked through the entrance wall, exiting the building, following a few feet behind the back spine on Kuan Yi.
Fifteen minutes later, on the eastern side of the row of horse barn buildings in red paint, the semi-crooked lines of teen slowly paced around the building corner and then stopped beside the rows of empty horse stalls, staring at the object. A few feet, a dirt road displayed a tulip-shaped dark wooden vehicle with four spoke wheels that resembled an Old West stage coach complete with a luggage rack, a driver's bench, and one rectangular wooden door with a modern day glass.
Behind the stage coach, an open, square-shaped wooden wagon was filled with short rows of yellow tinted hay bale covered in a ratty blue tinted blankets that could hold three or less buttholes. The last vehicle was an open buggy from the 1800’s that displayed two long benches for each person hitched to three rows of paired horses.
Kuan Yi stopped first and frowned at the parade of ancient transports. “I do not see a single motorized vehicle for my person or my personal use either.”
Ares stopped with a smile and stood beside Kuan Yi while cuddling Thianne, pointing at the line of ancient transports with reined farm horses. "Hey! That’s a gravy train.”
Shango stopped with a grin and stood beside Thianne. “That’s a bag of dog food, Marcus! This line-up of ancient vehicles is called a wagon train,” he laughed.
“Close enough!” He nodded with a smile.
Thian appeared from behind the back spine on Marcus and Thianne, tearing his body in- between the young couple busting them apart, grabbing the arm on his sister. “Not close and enough, for you, Marcus.” He shuffled ahead towards the rows of stomping horses.
“Ares! I’m Ares!” Marcus slapped his chest and quickly dashed ahead with a smile, reaching out, grabbing the other arm on Thianne. Thianne stopped and sneered at each male, who was stretching each arm joint from the shoulder blade.
Shango continued to stand in place and laughed out loud. “I thought you were called Apollo.”
“Where is Apollo, the god of light?” Her voice echoed first and as her body jerked from behind the stage coach standing in-between the stage coach and two row of horses, smiling at the line of teens.
Ares, Thianne, and Thian gasped in shock slowly moving backwards and stood beside Shango. The other teen gods and goddesses appeared and formed a semi-crooked line beside Thian, staring at the three ancient transports or the rows of farm horses or Mrs. Windsor, starting with Isis in the front. On the second row, teens displayed Dainichi, Lugh, Nikki, Balder, Is Chel, Pele, and Mithras.
Shango continued to stand and cleared his throat, nodding with a smile to the human adult. “Ugh! Greek god Apollo is not here and nowhere around the farm, Mrs. Windsor. I was just kidding with my friends Marcus and Thian. I'm sorry to upset you.”
Within the line of teens, Isis wiggled her pinky finger and changed into an Anne Oakley-type two-piece outfit consisting of a long-sleeved, tan colored shirt with jeweled pins across the chest, a matching tan colored circular skirt, a cowgirl tan colored straw hat, and a red tinted neck scarf holding a true black tinted rifle in one cupped hand. A black tinted saddle bag hung down across her chest.
“Devi Isis, get rid of that human weapon!” Windsor gasped in alarm and shook her finger at the teen goddess.
Isis nodded with a stern face and wiggled her pinky finger with her goddess powers banishing the true rifle from her body. “I'm sorry, Mrs. Windsor. I was feeling too excited seeing the old wagons and the rows of horses for the new wagon train ride up the mountain side.”
Shango wiggled his middle finger on his right hand and displayed a dark brown colored suede long-sleeved duster jacket down to his knees trimmed in white tinted fringe, a white tinted tee shirt, and a furry white tinted tall and wide utility belt curved around his fit waistline with numerous items plus a hunting knife and a black tinted flop hat over his bald mound. A Hugo Boss designer brand black tinted backpack rested on his back spine.
Some of the teens shuffled ahead and examined each ancient transport determining which item to pick for the ride.
Lugh pointed with a nicely manicured and trim index fingernail at the back spine on Shango laughing out loud. “Hey! Look out! There stands in front of my face an ancient cave man.”
“He’s mountain man, Bobo, the short clown.” Pele laughed.
“Deva Shango, is that a weapon in your hand?” Windsor continued to stand and sneered at Shango.
“No ma’am.” Shango smiled and reached down, snatching the item off his fake furry belt, plucking the item without sound. "My fake hunting knife is made of soft rubber, Mrs. W.”
Ares wiggled his right hand with his god powers and displayed a pale blue colored, long-sleeved shirt with a row of white and red beaded fringe on the chest and a pair of matching pale blue trousers, and a pair of pale blue cowboy boots. Thianne wiggled her index finger and displayed a matching outfit. Each one wore a white tinted cowboy hat with a band of red tinted sparkling sequins around the rim. Ares carried a red tinted Aigner designer brand leather briefcase with his three god weapons. Thianne displayed a red tinted Aigner hand purse with her three goddess weapons.
In-between the stage coach and the row of horses on the hay wagon, Windsor smiled and clapped for attention extending both of her arms outwards towards each transport. “All right! Pick out your leather!”
“What leather? What are you talking about?” Is Chel frowned at the human woman.
She pointed each transport. “On each transport including a horse, the leather is located on seat.”
Ares smiled. “O boy! I wanna go on an old fashion hay ride with the table of food. I’m in. This way, my princess.” Ares cuddled and escorted Thianne towards the hay wagon for the silly outside mountain ride, whispering a set of sweet words into her eardrums. She giggled with a grin.
Is Chel blinded both of her eyeballs with her hand and laughed out loud, “Geez! I see Roy Roger and his wife Dale Evans, a pair of look-a-likes.”
Lugh turned and frowned at the goddess on his line, “What are you, Pele?”
“I’m a paniolo. That's a Hawaiian cowgirl.” Pele moved ahead towards the stage wagon displaying a bright red tinted, long sleeved shirt decorated in big white flowers with a black tip stem in the center of the fabric, a pair of electric blue colored poncho pants, a brown tinted leather belt around her waistline, a pair of brown tinted cowboy boots and a black colored cowgirl hat with a blue band on the rim. She shouldered a Burlington brand nylon brown bag with her three goddess weapons.
“You look like a pineapple.” He laughed.
Mithras scooted sideways and stopped with a smile, shoving Lugh towards the hay ride, “Shut up, foot stool!”
Pele shook her cowgirl hat and laughed out loud reaching the stage coach, climbing up inside the driver's bench, “He failed all of his art classes also.”
Mithras laughed loud out and shuffled towards the stage coach interior compartment, “ I told all of you before Lugh is really an artsy farty failure. Do you know what a Hawaiian pineapple looks like, Lugh?”
Some teens changed into a brown tinted cowboy hat with a short, colorful scarf around an exposed neck, a white tinted short-sleeved tee shirt underneath a long red tinted duster, a pair of faded blue jeans, and a pair of shiny brown tinted cowboy boots with a brown tinted saddle bag that held each one of their three god or goddess weapons for protection.
On the dissolving row of teens, Balder stood in place and wiggled his big toe with his god magic displaying an open vest without a shirt, a pair of cut off blue jeans, a blue, pink and white long scarf around his blonde hairy skull, and his pair of brown tinted flip-flops. He cuddled and escorted Nikki towards the buggy while whispering a set of sweet words into her hair roots as he was taller than the short pixie.
Ares and Thianne climbed up into the hay wagon and sat down on top of the first hay bale. Ares pointed down at Balder and laughed out loud. “Eee-wee! I smell some bad B.O.”
Thianne frowned and scanned the interior floor on the wagon. “What!”
“Balder odor coming from his naked feet up towards his naked earlobes and he is holding a guitar. Please! Please! I beg of you with deep honest sincere mercy. Do not sing a song!”
Balder stroked each cord with a high pitched and off-key musical note, screaming out loud for fun, “I’m a rhinestone cowboy...”
“I’m the rhinestone cowboy here.” Lugh slowly moved ahead and wiggled both of his earlobes that activated his god powers, displaying a long-sleeved white tinted dress shirt with numerous colorful rhinestones over the yoke, both of shoulders, on each dress sleeves, the same pair of Yves Saint Laurent designer brand red tinted trousers, a pair of John Lobb designer brand brown tinted loafers with a matching belt. A Cole Haan designer brand leather messenger bag held his three god weapons inside the stage coach. He jabbed a finger at the back spine on Balder with laughter and moved towards the buddy. “There’s goes John Travolta singing the Wild, Wild West song as the sunset does not shift.”
Pele laughed out loud and shouted for each pair of eardrums, “Country superstar singer Glenn Campbell sang his popular country song in the year 1975, Lugh.”
“O!” Lugh frowned and slowly climbed up the short step ladder, sitting down on top of the hard bench as the driver of the buddy. 
She laughed. “And Lugh had failed all of his music classes since the age of three years old too, toot, and tooting.”
On top of the dirt ground, Windsor slowly scooted sideways and stood by a row of horses in the rear of the buddy lifting up the horse reins in the air. “Who wants to ride the black tinted Morgan mare? She really gentle and sweet.”
“I’ll take the gelding horse.” Thian dashed ahead and then wiggled his index finger, launching up from the dirt, flying a short distance and gently landed down on top of the worn brown tinted saddle that stood on top of the beige tinted horse. He gathered the reins and waited for the beginning of the ride.
“Me!” Dainichi shuffled ahead with a smile and stopped beside the stationary white tinted farm horse, reaching out for the cloth halter on the face of the horse. The horse neighed out loud and swiftly paced backwards from the teen diva.
“The horse doesn’t seem to like you, Dainichi.” Windsor laughed out loud and stared at Dainichi.
“That’s strange, Dainichi! You're a nice diva.” Lugh wiggled side to side on top of the hard seat on the buddy that held Nikki and Balder while wiggling his two earlobes, producing a seat cushion and then smiled with laughter.
On the dirt, Windsor frowned and flipped a hand at Dainichi. “A pleasure horse is a very temperamental beast. Why don’t you go and ride inside the hay wagon, dear?”
Dainichi sneered at the face on the horse, “Yeah! All right!” She back stepped from the horse and scooted sideways towards the stage coach.
Isis slowly approached the black tinted mare with a smile and grabbed the gliding reins from Windsor, climbing onto the saddle, wiggling around the worn leather. She turned and winked at Thian.
In front of the line of ancient vehicles, seventeen years old, goddess teen Pele sat on top of the bench as the driver of the stage coach with her three friends consisting of Is Chel, Kuan Yi, and Mithras inside the interior coach compartment laughing and eating food having a good time.
Lugh was measuring the buddy reins for his short arms and hands handling the four-wheeled black buggy with six horses. Nikki and Balder were cuddling in the back seat, playing with each other’s fingers and hands and whispering.
Dainichi stopped with a gasp and stood in front of the open archway on the stage coach, gasping in shock. “What’s going on in there?” The interior walls inside the stage coach had been modified and exhibited a large television screen, a musical player with loud rap music, a tiny refrigerator of food time, a small microwave on top of the mini-refrigerator. A coffee pot brewed tiny cups of fresh java for each passenger. A set of white tinted curtains hang on each wall and a new living room setting with a loveseat and a sitting chair in white hue standing inside the wooden floor. Each teen was dressed in a white tinted bathrobe with a matching pair of bedroom slippers while sucking on coffee and eating pastries.
Is Chel sat on the forward seat with smile and pointed around the enclosed canopy at each new modern-day item. “We have vastly improved the compartment for our buttholes.”
“Windsor will …”
“Calm down, Dainichi!" Kuan Yi turned and sneered through the open door at the goddess. "We’ll change it all back to the original two wooden benches, Miss Tattletale.”
Dainichi yelled. “I’m a teen goddess, not a …”
Windsor observed each teen inside an ancient transport and slowly scooted sideways, stopping beside the hay wagon without seeing a god or goddess teen driver. "We need a driver here to steer the hay wagon."
Inside the wagon compartment, on the first hay bale, Ares spun around and slapped the palm down on top of the hard bench, creating a ghostly driver using his god powers, laughing out loud. "There! My ghostly friend will do the steering on the hay wagon."
Windsor gasped in shock and stared at the ghost image. "How! How did you do that, Deva Marcus!"
He shrugged a shoulder with laughter. "I just thought of a ghostly image within my mind and then it appeared on top of the hard bench."
"That is very remarkable, Deva Marcus!" She stared at Marcus.
"Thanks!" He smiled and then swung around, leaning back down into the cheekbone on Thianne, whispering a set of sweet words into her eardrum. She giggled with delight.
Windsor returned back and stared at the ghostly driver, slowly scooting down the line of transport, and stopped beside her white tinted Appaloosa breed horse. She climbed into the saddle and lifted up the gliding reins, raising her free arm, shouting out loud. “Go and round them up and move them out, teens!” She kicked her steed and galloped ahead while leading the parade towards the picnic area.
The wagon train started with a slow pace ahead. When the hay wagon stood in front of Dainichi, she wiggled her left hand with a smile and lifted from the dirt, landing down on the last hay bale in the rear of the wagon and sat down on top of the hay with boredom.
Behind the rear skull on the ghostly driver, Ares cuddled and showed Thianne each ugly dent mark on the side panel in the wagon, where he had damaged during some of his punishment sessions with Granny Hanover. Some of the wooden dents also displayed bites of his dried blood stains and skin muscle tissue within each indentation. Thianne gasped in shock grew more concerned with each exposed mark that displayed his dried blood and his skin tissue in silence. He laughed with amusement and turned, leaning down, pointing at the other side of the wagon panel. “And over there, you can …”
The parade of ancient transport slowly traveled across the open field down a winding back road of the farm leaving the grassy hilltop, moving towards a deep valley of colorful wildflowers, low-lying fruit and plant bushes and thick groves of tall trees.
“Hey, buckaroo! Let’s go and rob the stage coach and get all of their treasure.” Thian trotted beside Isis and then turned with a wink at her nose profile. He exchanged his baseball cap for a black tinted cowboy hat and a long black tinted duster with a set of interior deep hidden pockets that held his three god weapons. The rear of the coat covered his body and then split apart across the saddle and the rump of his beige colored horse. He wiggled his index finger on his right hand and then materialized a fake hand gun in silver hue, kicking the stomach on the true horse, racing beside the hay wagon. He aimed the gun with laughter and shot out a green tinted echo blast from the barrel sailing across the black tinted hair roots on Marcus.
Inside the wagon, Marcus felt the heated flames sizzling inside both of his eardrums and ducked down at his fitted waistline as the green echo blast soared over his bone skull hitting a tall tree on the side dirt road. He turned with fury and shouted out loud a string of human curse words, lifting his hand, firing out a short green tinted echo blast from his god magic.
Thian was holding the gliding reins with one hand and the fake hand gun with the other hand. The green tinted echo blast hit the collar bone on Thian, the weakest point on the teen. The  gelding horse smelled the sizzling flame ball through the heated air waves and then halted, sliding through the dirt, and reared up from the ground in fright, pawing the air. Thian lost his grip on the reins and then fell backwards, catching his body in the air, wigging his right hand and hovered in the air.
Inside the moving hay wagon, Ares sat back on top of the hay bale and laughed with Dainichi. Thianne gasped in shock and stared at her brother in worry.
Shango growled in revenge in the middle of the hay wagon floor on top of a middle hay bale, spinning around, whipping out his colored powder and aimed at Marcus.
Marcus cuddled Thianne ducking down on the floor, lifting his hand, aiming at the apple tree. he released and then belted Thian with rows of apples for fun first and then Shango second.
Shango dropped down the powder and whipped both of his hands at each flying apple that smacked his body.
Marcus sat back on top of the hay bale with Thianne and flipped his hand, sending a new green tinted echo blast at Shango.
Shango halted his dancing and stood paralyzed on top of the floor. His two arms with his two hands and all of his fingers dropped down and then stuck to his rib cage.
On the rear end of the hay wagon, Dainichi continued to sat on the long row of hay bales and started laughing, pointing at Shango.
Shango could not twist his two feet or his two arms, shouting out loud with worry, “What! What has happened to me? I can't. I can't move to my hay bale or shake my arms or my legs,” Shango continued to stand and stared down at his stiff body in surprised shock.
Marcus cuddled Thianne and laughed out loud, “You! Your body is glued down or frozen solid in place or stillness or immobile. You can't move your two feet or dance with your ten toes or move your arms or hands in the air or scratch your back spine from an itch. I had discovered a new god trick this morning. Surprise!”
Dainichi gasped in shock and stared at Shango with a smile, lifting her left hand, shooting out a tiny green tinted echo blast at Shango. He leaned his tall torso to the side and watched the tiny echo blast soar in the air, missing his body, sneering at Dainichi. "What are you doing there, girly?"
Marcus roared with laughter as the tiny green tinted echo blast whirled by his cheekbone. He turned and sneered at Dainichi. “Too close, Dainichi! Watch your fire balls, girl!”
Thianne continued to cuddle Marcus and gasped in alarm, leaning over, whispering into the cheekbone on Marcus. “We should go and help Shango.”
Marcus smiled and observed Shango. "Naw! He's still alive and breathing from each one of her lousy goddess fur balls,” He turned and kissed her for a few seconds, pulling back, winking at Thianne. “Anyways, I’m too busy playing with you, princess.” Marcus kissed her again.
Dainichi wiggled side to side on top of the last row of hay bales and sung out loud and off harmony an ancient Western song while tossing her tiny green tinted echo ball at Shango. “I’ll been working on the railroad all the live long day…” She released a new echo ball at Shango.
Shango leaned backwards at his fitted waistline and screamed out loud from the annoyance. “Dainichi, stop it!”
“Try this one!” She sung the familiar musical song with laughter. “1600 tons and what do you get, another day older and deeper in debt..." She turned and wiggled her hand down at the dirt road, collecting one tiny rock pebble at a time and slammed the rock into the Shango, roaming with laughter. “This is so much fun. I like going on hay rides.”
Shango continued to lean sideways without getting sting by her pebbles. “Go play with yourself, not me!” Dainichi tossed another rock pebbled at Shango with laughter.
Over the dirt road, Thian continued to hover in the air waves with fury at Marcus. Isis halted her horse and watched Thian in silence. He gently landed down the ground with a sour frown, slowly walking in silence back to his horse, calming the beast. The horse dropped down on the ground. Thian provided a sweet juicy apple for the horse. The horse ate it as he remounted the steed, kicking the stomach on the horse, racing after the parade.
In front of the slow moving parade vehicle, Windsor kicked her horse and swiftly galloped ahead. The other horses wanted to follow the lead horse using their natural instinct, swiftly dashing ahead at greater speed and attached to each transport.
Inside the buddy, Lugh whipped the reins and made the two horses galloped faster, passing the slow-moving hay ride and stage coach, leading the pack. In the rear bench, Nikki and Balder bounced up and down laughing out loud with the fun trip.
Thian and Isis raced ahead on their individual steeds and quickly passed the hay wagon watching Dainichi as she tortured Shango. They moved ahead towards the stage coach. Thian materialized back his fake hand gun, firing a series of green tinted echo blasts at Pele, who was the driver.
In the stage coach, on top of the hard bench, Pele wiggled her two goddess digits and created a rifle, firing back her set of echo blast at Thian for fun while handling the gliding reins on the pack of four horses. Her aim was perfect. Thian dropped down from steed three times and went air-borne in the skyline, laughing at the fun adventure with Pele.
Isis released a tiny echo ball in green tint at Pele, who was too quickly and strong at the fireball. Pele turned her rifle barrel and easily disintegrated each tiny goddess bomb while laughing at Isis. Isis continued to ride with boredom of the robbery game and annoyance with Pele, kicking her steed, racing ahead towards Lugh.
On top of the hard bench in the personal buddy, Lugh bounced up and down in the air and pulled back on the gliding reins of each horse without success. Nikki and Balder sat on top of the floor trying to avoid breaking their teeth and their bones.
“Halt the horses, Lugh! You're traveling too fast. The buddy is going to overturn with Nikki and Balder inside,” Isis raced even with the bench seat and shouted at Lugh, viewing the worried face on Nikki and Balder.
“It's not me.” Lugh yelled out loud with fear and continued to pull back on two pairs of gliding reins on each four of the horses but the buddy continued to wobble side to side over the smooth dirt road.
“What you mean by that statement? It is not me!” Isis screamed out loud and run her horse even with the buddy and Lugh.
He screamed in terror, “Something spooked each horsey! Whoa, horsey! Whoa!”
“Well then, perform a god and goddess pop out trick from the buddy!” Isis hollered.
“I can’t!” He continued to bounce up and down on top of the hard bench and yelled in fear.
Balder bounced over the side and shouted out loud, “We are all trapped in here. We aren't mature enough to pop out from a moving object like a full god or goddess. We must be taught to do that god trick. And I can't perform a god pop trick either.”
Isis heard the words over the grunts of the horses and the screams from Nikki and Lugh, shouting out loud back to Balder. “All right! All right! There must be something else to do! I know! I know what to do," she kicked the stomach on her steed and raced ahead towards the row of lead horses, running even with the nearest horse and leaned over from her saddle. She touched one of the ear points and opened her mind concentrating on horse's mind, feeling the terrible thoughts. The mare was both frightened and afraid, running away from the barn.
Isis shut off the bad thoughts coming from the horse and replaced her set of nice kind words into the mind on the mare. The mare started to race slower first and then the second mare followed the lead, reducing the gallop down into a canter and then a trotting and finally walking down the same dirt road.
Isis and her horse walked beside the lead horse. She continued to lean over and pressed her fingers into the horse's ear point. Then both of the mares halted.
Lugh jumped from the hard seat in the air and landed down on the short grass, exhaling with worry, snapping his fingers and changed his soiled clothes. He back stepped from the livestock and leaned against the tall tree, still breathing heavy with worry.
Balder stood upright and leaned down, lifting petite Nikki from the floor, popping his fingers, performing a god pop out trick from the stationary floor inside the buddy, landing down on top of the short grass a few feet from the grove of trees and Lugh. The two horses were breathing hard and safe.
Isis slid off her horse and walked to the passenger buggy, pulling the gliding reins on each mare while chatting with each horse.
A mile further back from the stationary passenger buggy on top of the dirt road, the stage coach continued to race down the smooth dirt road, Pele stood from the bench and yanked on the four pairs of gliding reins without stopping the coach or any one of the horses.
Thian continued to stand in the saddle and shouted out the instructions to Pele. “Cut the reins! Free the horses. Then you can jump off, Pele!”
“I'm trying!” Pele yelled back and wiggled her two goddess digits, producing a hunting knife, maneuvering it near the gliding reins on the lead horse, without success.
He slapped the belly on the steed and raced ahead, even with the front row of horses. Thian jumped from the saddle, through the air, and landed down on top of the bony back spine on the stallion. He wiggled his index finger and produced a switchblade knife in the same hand, dropping down the blade, chopping through numerous set of ropes. The ropes dropped down on the dirt as each horse split from the stage coach and galloped in opposite direction. Thian performed a god leap from the back spine on the horse and hovered in the air. He watched as two of the horses raced in an easterly direction. The two steeds galloped in a western direction.
However, the stage coach continued to sail down through the smooth dirt road.
 Pele bounced up and down on top of the hard bench and shoved her goddess magic into stopping the stage coach without success. Inside the compartment, the heavy equipment pieces quickly attacked the other three teens as each teen used their god and goddess magic on the flying item without getting injured or killed from the out of control moving stage coach.
Thian dropped down from the sky and landed on top of the footstool, sliding both of his legs down towards the ground, shoving both of his boot heels down into the dirt and gritted his teeth and cut his bottom lips with golden tinted blood. Between the magic coming from both the teen god and goddess, the stage coach slowly down and then eventually haled with a terrible jolt. The three teen inside the compartment screamed in fear and then landed down on the floor, holding each flying item in the air. Then each one sent the item back into the storage room inside the Windsor Farms, exhaling with relief.
Outside the stage coach, on the side of the brown tinted smooth dirt road, underneath a thick grove of tall trees and on top of the short grass, Lugh sat on one side in silence and sipped on a cool beverage staring at the stage coach and the other teen gods.
Balder sat and cuddled with Nikki underneath the shade tree, sipping on a cold beverage, watching the occupants from the stage coach. He removed the beverage and frowned at the stationary stage coach. “What has happened to your steeds?”
Thian stood upright from the foot stool on the side of the coach and moved ahead, snapping his fingers, changing from the dirty blue jeans and boots into a fresh pair of faded blue jeans and a pair of white tinted athletic sneakers, moving ahead with a smile to Isis. She was the heroine of the day too.
On the side of the coach, the single door of glass shattered into numerous shards as Mithras appeared inside the archway, sneering at the question, “Who cares?” He moved ahead with annoyance and parked a few feet from Balder and Nikki, sitting down, exhaling with relief from the thrilling but scary ride and calmed down his teenly nerves.
Two teens Is Chel and Kuan Yi stepped down from the foot stool with a sour frown, dusting off the broken particles of glass and metal shards, slowly moving ahead and stood underneath the shade trees. They were pointing at the wrecked stage coach and discussed the scary event.
On top of the hard bench, Pele continued to stand and examined the stage coach for some type of supernatural magic, shouting out loud to the posed question. “The herd of horses will eventually circle back and trot back home for their bag of oats and their warm barn stall.”
Thian stopped and stood in front of the horse, gently patting the horse, smiling at Isis. “I don't understand. Why wasn’t your mare affected like the other horses, Isis?”
Isis continued to smile and patted her horse. “I was riding my horse. She can read my mind. And I can read her mind. She and I are really close now.”
Lugh frowned. “That encounter was too close for me!”
Mithras frowned. “I want my mommy and daddy.”
Nikki whispered to Balder with a set of tears. “I wanna go home.”
Balder whispered back with a smile and cuddled her tighter with his love, “We are home. Windsor Farms is our home, Nikki.”
She frowned. “I want my real home with my true parents.”
He smiled. “We’re all here. We’re all safe. Then, you and I will meet our true parents and tell them that we're going to be getting married. Then, we're all live in a big house and become a big happy family.”
"Really?"
"Really!" Balder leaned down and kissed his pixie girlfriend Nikki with love.
In the short distance, inside the hay wagon, Shango was still frozen in place without his arms and legs as Dainichi continued to belt each tiny pebble at the rude teen god wile laughing out loud. She quickly stood upright from the bale and pointed at the stationary stage coach in the distance without words, performing a goddess pop out from the floor of the wagon.
Shango stood upright from the last rock pebble and laughed out loud, staring at the hay bale, gasping in shock. "Where did she go? What is she doing?" He spun around with a sneer and then gasped in alarm. "There! There! Crash! Crash! Stop the wagon, Ares! We're going to crash into the rear end of the stage coach. Stop the wagon right now!"
Marcus pulled away from Thianne and wiped his wet lips, winking at her, turning to see a stationary stage coach in the pathway, slamming his palm down on the floor. The hay wagon floor heated in a blue hue of color and then stopped abruptly flinging a few of the heavy hay bales from the floor and then down on the dirt road. Shango was still glued down to the floor and wobbled side to side screaming out loud in fear and then eventually stopped, standing upright, growling at Marcus.
Marcus stood upright from the floor and leaned down assisting Thianne to stand, smiling into her face. "Our hay ride has ended, sweetheart! Let's go and annoy your brother!"
"What!" Thianne gasped. He snapped his fingers and chuckled for fun, making both of them disappear from the floor of the wagon, landing a few feet behind Thian.
In front of the grove of tall shade trees among the pale blue skyline of a warm day, Isis, her horse, and Thian stood peacefully while softly chatting at the incident.
Thian continued to rub the horse and smiled at Isis. “What did you do to the out of control horses, Isis?”
“I have finally discovered my goddess talent. I can talk to them in my mind not with words but pictures and calming emotions. The horses can understand me. And I can understand them. I can feel and see if they are scared or happy and stuff.”
“Way to go, Is-Is!” Ares overheard the words and cuddled Thianne, standing a few feet from Isis, the horse, and Thian.
“Thanks!” Isis turned and blushed pink tone at Ares.
Thianne smiled at Isis. “Can you talk to all kinds of animals?”
Isis smiled at Thianne. “I have found, so far, I can communicate with cows, horses, goats, birds and some kinds of fish along with small mammals like squirrels and chipmunks.”
Ares nodded with a smile and then spun around, slapping his hands, rubbing the palms. "We are here. Let's materialize some lunch and eat!”
Inside the stationary hay wagon, Shango was still glued down to the floor and shouted out lout and then growled at the arrogant teen god. “Release me, Marcus! I'm still here inside the wagon! Hey, Marcus! Get me outta of here, right now, Marcus!”
Ares laughed with a smile. “O yeah! Right!” He waved his hand at the invisible god field and then released the force field on Shango. Shango flung both of his arms from each side of the rib cage into the air losing his balance, dropping down on top of the floor and growled with annoyance. He stood upright with a sneer and popped his fingers, performing a pop out trick, landing in front of Marcus. He leaned into Marcus and sneered with fury.
Underneath the shade tree, Lugh continued to lounge and scanned the farmland that displayed a smooth dirt road in the middle of groves of tall shade trees, short plant and fruit bushes, and scattered pods of colorful wildflowers with a pale blue sky without rain drops or snowflakes. “So, this is the old tombstone…”
“This is the old homestead. You gods, don’t any of you, people read a book or watch the educational programs on her personal mobile telephone for education?” Kuan Yi tossed her arms into the air and slapped her arms down onto her legs laughing out loud.
Balder continued to sat and cuddled with Nikki, scanning each face. “Books! What are those hard things?” He laughed with the other teens.
“You're dead Bam U meat, Ares!” Shango waved both of his arms and attacked Ares, wrapping both of his palms around the naked throat on Ares, holding tight, hanging onto the teen god. Marcus became stunned and dazed in shock and surprise, slapping both of his hands against Shango, coughing out loud and then gagged for air waves.
Thianne growled in fury and then gasped in shock, reaching out, grabbing the shirt on Shango as she tried to shove big strong teen god from Marcus without success. “Off him, Shango!”
Ares slowly dropped down on the grass as his breathing was constricted from the god gripe around his naked throat, pawing at Shango. Thianne was beating both of her fist on Shango. Thian spun around and gasped in panic, dashing ahead, grabbing his sister and held her from the fight. She continued to struggle and fight with her brother while desiring to rescue Marcus.
“Yeah, I’m trying to do just that, princess.” Shango snorted with a wicked grin and continued to squeeze both of his cupped hands around the naked throat on Ares. Ares grunted and then yelped while pawing both of his hands around his own throat.
Each one of the other teens shuffled ahead and gathered around the fighting pair, yelling for a victor.
Dainichi appeared from thin air and stood beside the hay wagon, gasping in shock, dashing around to see the fight. She stopped and stood beside Nikki, screaming out loud, tossing both of her arms in the air, “Beat the heck out of him, Shango!”
Pele stood beside Thian and frowned at the teen goddess with annoyance. “Be quiet, Dainichi!”
Nikki waved both of her arms in the air and shouted out loud with fury. “Blood! I wanna see some blood.”
Is Chel stood beside Pele and frowned at the fight with Shango and Ares, “Hush, Nikki!”
Balder stood in-between Nikki and Thian with a smile at the fight. “I do believe that encounter is a little bit vicious.”
Thian continued to hug his sister and laughed at the fight between the silly teens. “I do believe the encounter might become a little blood thirsty.”
“It needs to become a blood lust on Ares.” Mithras laughed and enjoyed the fight.
Kuan Yi laughed. “Nope! A blood lust comes, when a GREG drinks your god or goddess blood all up.”
Lugh frowned at the fight and stood beside Dainichi. "O! I learned something new today."
“Enough, cubs!” Thian shoved his sister from his body and then wiggled his index finger on his right hand, aiming a green tinted echo ball at the back spine on Shango.
“Ouch!” Shango yelled out loud and then released Ares, spinning around, sneering at one of the teens. “That burned.”
“Is that a new god talent, Thian?” Balder turned and laughed at Thian.
“Yeah, I guess so. I was going to release a small blast and produced a big ball of green hue,” Thian lifted up his finger pad and examined the flesh with a smile of wonderful surprise.
Thianne dashed ahead, stopped, and then squatted down, assisting Marcus to stand, cuddling him into her rib cage. Ares coughed out loud and then mouth spat on the grass, rubbing his neck muscles and healed the two red tinted hand imprints from Shango over his delicate skin. He laughed out loud. “I’m up. I surrender, Shango! Don’t zap me with your x-ray powers, Thian! I quit. Don’t hurt me, man!”
Pele laughed. "Who is ever going to harm, Ares? No one! Is that some type of sick joke here?”
Thian moved ahead and spun around, nodding to each face, waving both of his arms in the air, “Enough, cubs!”
“Enough, worms!” Ares laughed and cuddled with Thianne.
He slapped his chest and pointed around the new landscape, “Everyone, sit up or stand up and listen to me. We're located here within the deep wilderness and all alone and without supervision from Mrs. or Mr. Windsor or Granny. So, we can practice our battle skills and pretend to battle each other, not harm each other. Is that clear as daylight sunshine, Shango and Marcus?” Shango and Marcus laughed out loud without nodding to Thian.
Pele shuffled ahead and stood beside Thian. “Okay! We are all going to have a fun battle practice. The winner of the battle war gets …”
“… to beat the stuffing out of Shango.” Ares laughed.
Pele removed each item from her saddle bag and placed each goddess weapon around her body, wearing the helmet over her face, shouting out loud the instructions for each teen. “Everyone, spread out, pair up and then gear up. Place a pair of sunglasses over her bone skull. The wrist watch over your wrist bone and hold the mobile telephone in the other hands. But first, I wanna relay some history about the ancient sword," she laughed. Each teen moaned with annoyance. 
Lugh stood in place and wore his god weapons over his short body, shouting out loud through the helmet. "From ancient world history, the art of sparring involves each nice participate to fight with a wooden stick while wearing their protective armed body gear which simulates a sharp deadly swords. Shouldn't we start with that sparring practice technique first, Pele?"
Shango growled with annoyance at the short teen. "No, foot stool! We don't have time to jerk down and sharp a broken off tree limb from one of the numerous tall shade trees into an individual wooden stick for some fun sword play. We practice with our god sword and prefect our swordsmen technique, before we finally encounter Satan's Grandmother in the true war battle."
Nikki turned and viewed Lugh. "I do believe that the gang of Celtic warriors during the Viking age did not use a long or short sword, but a long spear, a pointy axe, and a chest shield against their known or unknown enemies. A sword was rare and owned by the wealthier individuals."
Balder turned and viewed Lugh shouting through the enclosed helmet. "Aw! I understand it all now. Foot stool, he was not a Celtic prince with a sword, but a Celtic farmer with a hoe or ho or ho-ho-ho-ho," he laughed with the other teens.
Isis giggled and then smiled inside his helmet shouting through the metal. "In Ancient Egypt, each Egyptian soldier carried a very heavy and deadly bronze-made sword in the year 3000 BC. And each pharaoh was smarter and carried a bronze-tinted sword too with a golden hilt for royalty."
Shango smiled inside his helmet. "Each ancient African soldier selected for a death kill either a boomerang-shaped sword or a single-edge sword or a double-edged three-foot long sword or a cylindrical pommel that twirled in both hands which was used against all of their enemies."
Pele smiled. "In the Chinese culture, the double-edged sword which is resting in my right fighting hand is both the gentlemen's and the lady's weapon of a killing death."
"All right! My lady and I are set to perform some killing deaths, today and tomorrow and then day after tomorrow, ain't that right, babe?" Ares slightly bumped into Thianne and then stood upright laughing out loud. Thianne exhaled with worry and shuffled back and forth with a positive response without words coming from her lips inside her goddess helmet.
Pele laughed. "From ancient India, each warrior soldier carried a body shield in one hand and a spear in the other hand with a dangling sword, dagger, and battle axe on their waistline."
"I wished that our parents had provided more god weapons beside the single solo god sword." Balder frowned down at the single weapon with slight worry about confronting the powerful Satan's Grandmother.
Kuan Yi held her sword in the air. "Hey! This is a goddess sword that defends my goddess statue and defeats any and all enemies. The end! This is all I need and want and desire. Yeah! Yay!" She cheered with the other teens and then dropped her sword down, killing the pod of pretty wildflowers in front of her feet while laughing out loud.
Pele nodded with a smile. "In the Japanese culture, the samurai warrior used a sword which was held with a two-handed gripe confronting and delivering the final kill blow on each one of their enemies.
Isis frowned. "Hurry up and finish your history lesson, Pele! My goddess sword is rusting from your flying mouth spit," she laughed with the other teens.
Ares wiggled side to side without cuddling with his girlfriend Thianne, who wore her steel hard helmet that hid her beauty and her body shield that hid her other beautiful assets. He lifted his sword in the air and shouted out loud over the laughing teens. "Hey! The last ad final word here, the Greek and Roman warriors were the original and talented swordsmen in the world. Each Greek and Roman warrior carried a sword and a shield like each one of us, a younger version of the ancient gods and goddesses. Each Greek and Roman warrior had been heavily armored and heavily trained creating their legendary swordplay skills on each skull, where each one of us, a younger version of the ancient gods and goddesses are doing right now. However, we must practice with our god and goddess weapon before we finally kill our enemy and made our parent swell with pride and happiness." He laughed with the other gods and goddesses.
Pele frowned inside the helmet that was not seen by every teen. "Okay! All right! My last history lesson for the day! The Middle East culture popularized both swordsmanship with horsemanship, creating the first ancient cavalry."
Thian spun around and smiled at the farm horse that was tied to the tree limb. The horse nibbled on the tender grass blades. He and Isis would the ride the horse back to the school house building, after the picnic lunch. The other teens could steer with their supernatural powers the stage coach, the hay wagon, and the buggy. "Yeah, I wished I could ride a war horse into battle with Satan's Grandmother. But I don't want my war horse harmed, only Grandmother," he laughed alone and slowly spun around to face Pele.
Pele tossed both of her arms in the air with the sword. "Okay. I am almost done..."
Nikki shouted out loud. "Get done already! I wanna fight, right!" The other teens laughed out loud.
She said. "The word swordsman or swordswoman is a person versed in the art of sword play which is executed in the sporting world of fencing or the world of martial arts for fund. However, the ancient English word swordsmen is parallel to the Latin word, gladiator, a professional ancient fighter who had fought against each other or wild animals or other foes for the entertainment of the Roman citizens. Ponder that historical fact, ya'll! There! I'm done!" She dropped both of her arms and cut the tip of her sword on the rock pebble creating a soft ting sound.
"Finally!" Mithras spun around and faced Is Chel. "En guard, girl!" Is Chel gasped at the godly threat and then turned to face Mithras smiling inside her helmet while raising up her goddess sword with one hand and the chest shield over her chest with her other arm and nodded in silence for him to attack her person.
Each teen shuffled around the grass and selected a partner. Thianne paired with Ares, of course. Thian and Isis formed another teen warrior pair, of course. Balder and Nikki stood together as a third warrior pair, of course. Dainichi paired with Lugh. Is Chel was paired with Mithras. Shango paired with Kuan Yi. Each teen wore a black tinted smooth helmet over each bone skull. A golden tinted body shield covered the torso which glittered in the bright sunlight. A long thick silver tinted sword was cupped in their fighting hand. Each teen stared at their partner for the upcoming battle fight.
Pele continued to stand in the middle of the dirt road and shouted out each instruction while swinging her sword side to side. "Hold your sword in your fighting hand..."
"Which hand is my fighting hand?" Lugh continued to stand in confusion and stared down at his silver tinted, double-edge god sword from his parents.
"Which hand do you hold a fork for eating or hold your duckie for peeing, foot stool?" Mithras slammed his sword into the goddess sword with loud laughter. Is Chel back stepped with a gasp and held her sword in the air, grunting her fury against the tall male god.
Pele continued to stand on the dirt road and watched instructing while still wearing her goddess gear. "After hitting the target, sweep your blade side to side cutting off both of the exposed kneecaps on your enemy!" The other teens slowly practiced that method killing the air waves, standing a several feet in front of their partner without harming the other god or goddess. She shouted out loud. "Hold your sword out to the side and parry it back and then forth up and then back down to get the feel of your instrument of destruction, before attacking her fake enemy.” The other teens obeyed her commands.
Lugh stood a few feet from his selected pretend enemy Dainichi and did not sweep his sword or his shield sideways while staring at her through the eye slots, “Does it really hurt when you …?”
Dainichi laughed out loud and nodded her helmet, slicing her sword through the air waves on the side without hitting Lugh, “Yeah, it really hurt when you...”
Pele smiled inside the helmet and laughed out loud watching each paired teen. "Now, you're ready to attack your enemy! Aim your blade at the chest on your enemy. Your enemy will hold the shield in front of their chest. So, you lower your blade and cut off their ankle bones with fury and angry and blood," she laughed with some of the other teens. Each teen swished their sword through the air waves and then crashed with a set of loud booms into the metal shield while sneering at their enemy or laughing at their god friend.
For several minutes, each pair fought a pretend fight within the sword dance for true battle war practice, not play. Some of the more talented swordsmen or swordswomen assisted each one of the weaker warriors with a set of physical and vocal instructions improving their swordsmanship.
Mithras lunged ahead in a set of heavy grunts while parrying his sword at a tough swordswoman Is Chel, smiling inside his helmet. "Your slashing technique is deep and long at my leg which is better than your girly thrust, babe."
Is Chel grunted through the parry with the compliment. "Thanks! I'm remember that one when I strike the final blow at Satan's Grandmother." She continued to slam her blade into his shield with a series of deep grunts of physical exercise.
He gasped in shock at her girly goddess strength and then laughed out loud. "What! No! I'm going to strike the final blow on and then at and then with Satan's Grandmother, sweetheart," he slammed the shield into her sword. The impact jolted her backwards and as she gasped in shock learning the new maneuver from talented teen god Mithras.
Shango stood upright with a smile inside his helmet and faced Kuan Yi without attacking her or swishing his god sword tip through the air like the rest of the teens. He nodded. "During a sporting joust between us for the early afternoon, each one of us should practice your posture for balance without falling down on top of the enemy or harming your god body. And we should develop some type of fancy sword play footwork that allows a swift kill or a permanent injury to each one of our enemies."
Kuan Yi turned and frowned at the other paired teens, who were slowly or swiftly fighting with their selected partner, except for Lugh and Dainichi, who were talking, not sparring. She returned back and sneered at Shango, striking her goddess blade around her body while killing the air waves in silence.
He continued to stand in place and coolly lectured with his words, without attacking her physical body or swaying his god sword around the air waves. "This is a simulation of real combat, not a competitive sports event. Thus we can develop and emphasize the traits of health, grace, poise, and sword god or goddess style into an art of war, not fleshy sexy pleasure. So, I propose we utilize the point system. When the warriors touches any part of the body or the weapon, the warrior receives the first point within the new scoring system. Then the other warrior will have the chance to defend their person and offer a sword counterthrust without mortally wounding their opposing opponent like our present fun fighting dual with a pair of nasty lethal weapons. I mean after all, I am not ..."
"...amused..." She lunged forward and slammed her blade into the god shield blocking his chest while producing an array of musical soft tings that echoed through the air waves.
Shango back stepped with a chuckle from the goddess attack and spoke calmly through the helmet. "That is one point for my opponent. Your forward goddess thrust was hard and firm but your parry needs to sway backwards and ..."
"...draw first blood or disable the enemy or kill Satan's Grandmother. I got it, Shango!" She leaped in the air and hovered for one second, dropping down, swinging her goddess sword first and then her goddess shield sideways at the throat on Shango. He raised his shield to defend his face and sliced his sword at nothing. Kuan Yi dropped down and rolled over the ground, missing the blade to her body while laughing out loud. She flew up from the grass and hovered in the air again striking one weapon at a time at Shango, showing off her goddess fighting skills with laughter.
Ares stood beside Thianne and offered his swordsman skills whipping his body and his sword around the air waves without touching her body or her sword. He lunged with one foot and thrust the tip of the sword forward. "Sword play is both an athletic and tactical event while handling of your goddess sword against any evil enemy, princess. Do you see my stance? I attack my enemy by lunging my foot forward towards my dancing or standing or sitting opponent and extend my god sword, engaging my enemy, stabbing the tip of my god sword into Satan's Grandmother. Then she dies and we win the war battle. The end!" He stood upright and laughed out loud.
Thianne frowned inside the helmet at her boyfriend but carefully watched his swordsman movements for her upcoming true battle with Satan's Grandmother.
He smiled inside the helmet and whipped his sword through the air waves and then halted the blade in front of his face without attacking Thianne or another teen. "This is an example of a parry motion with your goddess sword. A parry motion is a defensive move for blocking or deflecting coming from a lunge from your enemy body or your enemy's saber. Do you understand that, princess?"
"Yeah, I got it, Ares!"
"The tactics of simple foot work and your sword play consists of one move with a forward thrust using the tip on your goddess sword into one enemy or a backward thrust using the tip on the sword into the chest on the second enemy, if you are talented like me." He demonstrated with the sword while killing the drifting air waves in front of his face and then behind his back spine while laughing inside the helmet. Thianne slowly copied his arm movement while learning to sword fight. He chuckled inside the helmet and complimented his girl. "Good girl! You're my smart princess, but I will defend you against anyone or any man or any woman or any animal or any beast and win. So, you don't have to fight, precious."
She frowned inside her helmet flipping her sword through the air and dancing her booted feet around the grass while developing her simple foot work. "Thanks, Ares!"
Seventeen years old and leader god teen Thian held his god chest shield down towards the short blades of green tinted grass, without touching the ground. Seventeen years old, teen goddess Isis slowly hit the side of her blade onto the metal producing a set of musical tones while getting the feel of the heavy sword. Once in a while, he slapped his blade against her sword counter attacking her parry while teaching her the basic of sword play. 
‎Seventeen years old, teen god Lugh continued to stand and lightly chatted with seventeen years old, teen goddess Dainichi through the helmet mask without lifting his god sword or attacking her pose.
Balder stood a few inches from petite Nikki and bent both of his kneecaps standing in front of her helmet without seeing her smile or her face, speaking through the helmet. "A human photographer had been able to calculate the speed on the god sword tip based on the camera's shutter speed which is the flick on the foil tip that causes the end point to slightly bend back the metal. So, the end tip on the god or goddess blade is the second faster moving object within a war battle or a sports event behind a marksman's firing bullet from a hand gun. The flick on the foil tip has been recorded on 240 frames per second. The flick on the foil is so fast that only a few seconds of quick movements and then the victor of the war battle has won the bloody event. Based on all of this evidence, you need to place your body stance really low down near the ground when you fight your enemy, so the enemy does not go for your two weaker points."
Nikki frowned inside the helmet and continued to stand in place holding the tip of her sword down at the grass, "What are my two weaker points?"
He laughed inside the helmet and echoed out the words, "If I gotta say it, then you stand behind me. I will protect you, babe. You don't have to fight for anything including me, darling!" He smiled inside the helmet and as she nodded with a hidden smile.
On top of the grass blades, Is Chel slightly jogged around the grass and continued to encircle Mithras, quickly jabbing the end tip into various points on his flesh body, where his manly parry motion could not block. She laughed out loud.
Mithras continued to spin around and whipped his blade through the air waves while missing the goddess, twirling too fast, landing down on top of the soft grass blades. He fell flat on the ground and stared into the pale blue sky and the bright sunlight while seeing the rows of invaders, gasping in shock, “Incoming!"
Is Chel stopped with a sour frown and stared down at a grounded Mithras. “That’s not a funny statement coming from a silly teen god Mithras.”
He pointed the tip on his god sword into the pale blue sky with a worried brow inside the helmet. “My statement ain't meant to be funny. Look skyward! We got rows of real enemies falling down on top of our helmets!”
She looked up and gasped in worry. "What are those things falling down from the clouds? I can't figure it out!"
Pele continued to stand and watched each paired teen observing the fighting skills and then noted the weird behavior from her friend Is Chel, looking up with worry. "No! I recognize all of those things in the air. Rows of JANES are falling down through the skyline for some reason and raining down on us. Break up the sword play practice! Get alert right now! We are moving into a real fight here. Get into your stance poses for the upcoming fight!"
Isis continued to stand a few feet in front of Thian while hearing the weird words, looking up in shock, yelling in fear too. “In the sky, I see herds of really large birds! What is that?”
Kuan Yi stopped fighting and looked over, scanning the woodlands in shock. “No, not right now! Hey, gods and goddesses! There are herds of running FREDS and GREGS coming from the woodlands also.”
Lugh continued to stand and turned to view the woodlands, shaking his helmet without lifting his god sword in fear. “But! But! But, this are the daylight hours, not the nighttime hours. The herds of FREDS and GREGS do not attack during the heated daylight hours, only in the cool nighttime hours. Where did they come from? Why did they come here? What are they going to do here?”
Isis turned with fear and pointed at the woodlands. “Look over there! The FREDS are crawling out from the woodlands. The GREGS are hopping over the pond water lake like a gang of ugly leaping frogs.” She scooted towards her mare and removed the leather saddle and the pair of gliding reins, dropping the items down on the ground, slapping the rump on the horse. She shouted out loud with worry, "Yaw! Yaw! Get outta of here! Go back home, right now, horsey!"
The mare reared up from the ground and pawed the air with two front hoofs, dropping down on the grass, galloping ahead and scooted around each teen. The mare headed back to the barn for food and rest from the exciting day of activity with the gang of teen gods and goddesses, disappearing down the dirt road.
Isis followed the rump on the mare and nodded with satisfaction that the horse was alright, spinning around to see the rows of GREGS coming at her person with worry.
Nikki frowned. “We gotta do something here for us, not them.”
Lugh shuffled side to side with worry beside the shade tree and hollered within the helmet at his gang of talented friends. "Yeah, we gotta run back to the school house building."
Above each god or goddess helmet, the slow-moving rows of white tinted clouds quickly turned in black hue. The pale blue bright skyline was covered in dark clouds blocking out the bright sunlight. Rolls of loud thunder balls boomed over the hair roots of each teen. Bolts of yellow tinted lightning danced across the dark sky. Then rows of JANES sailed down from the dark atmosphere and hit without purpose each flying bird in flight or an extended tree limb in stillness or a combination of the two.
Once a JANE hit down on a living life form, the JANE body turned into that living organism such like the bird or the tree or the flower. Then the modified JANE body could not breathe the air and then exploded into an array of bright red and gray tiny fireballs floating the sizzling ashes away with the light breeze.
FREDS were a gang of daylight werewolves. They ate only meat. The gang of ugly creatures would capture and then chomp down on the scurrying squirrel or rabbit or opossum or deer or coyote or another wildlife animal that ran for their life within the local woodlands.
GREGS were a group of daylight vampires, who enjoyed blood, any blood. A GREG would scoop up a swimming fish or a leaping frog or a slithering snake or a grazing cow and then suck down the little pints of blood plasma for its hunger stomach.
The rows of JANES slowly floated over the ground coming from the northern side moving towards the small scattered group of teen. Numerous rows of GREGS races out from the woodlands coming from the western side at each god and goddess teen. Numerous rows of FREDS dashed ahead from the pond lakes coming from the eastern side at the group of teens.
On top of the grass beside the dirt road, seventeen years old, teen god Ares dropped down his god sword and looked up in the skyline, returning back, viewing the woodlands with a smile inside his helmet, shouting out loud with amusement. “FREDS and GREGS and JANES! O my!” He laughed at the new lines of enemies.
Shango stopped fighting and looked up in worry viewing the skyline of JANES, “Shut up, Ares!”
Nikki continued to stand in place and slowly spun around with worry, yelling through her helmet. “We need to perform a pop trick back to the school house building.”
Pele shook her helmet. “We can’t do that ever.”
Mithras frowned. “We're trapped here in the wilderness right here and right now!”
Dainichi scanned the ground and laughed out loud, “We hide!” She continued to stand a few feet from Lugh and then quickly disappeared from the air waves and each pair of eyeballs while using her goddess talent of invisibility.
Lugh turned and gasped in shock without seeing Dainichi beside his short body. She possessed the talent of invisibility and he did not. He continued to stand in place and returned back with horror viewing the numerous rows of FREDS, GREDS, and JANES that surrounded the scattered group of teen gods and goddesses that wanted to posses the god or goddess body or eat the god or goddess flesh or drink the god or goddess blood. He shouted out loud in fear. “We run!”
“We fight!” Ares dashed ahead with a series of growls at the true enemy lines and lifted his sword in the air, facing a row of FREDS, dropping down his blade. He hit the face, one arm, one kneecap, and finally stabbing the tip into the toe bones on the FRED, hacking his sword through the foot, separating the toes from the feet which killed the FRED. He moved ahead to the next FRED and yelled out loud with fighting fury.
Thianne thrust her goddess sword into the stomach on the FRED which did not kill her enemy, slapping the face on the FRED with her goddess shield which did not kill her enemy and then she back stepped from the FRED with vile laughter and opened her mouth. Her pink tinted tongue spat out a stream of heated fire that fried the FRED into a sizzling ball of flames in pretty colors of lavender and pink. She giggled with a grin at the floating fireball. "Awe! It was a pink-tinted little girl FRED!" She moved ahead and opened her mouth without using her goddess sword or shield on the next FRED.
Pele yelled inside the helmet and then leaped up from the ground with her goddess powers, swinging first her sword sideways and then the shield sideways next through the air, cutting off the head from the FRED body first. However, the FRED body was not dead but continued to race towards Pele. Pele dropped down and glided the edge of the circular shield over the dancing feet of the FRED, killing the beast. Then she repeated her new goddess fighting method with success.
The semi-crooked rows of GREGS continued to ran out from the woodlands towards two teens. Seventeen years old, teen god Shango dashed around and rotated his god sword around his bald mound, dropping down the blade, sliding over the grass and cut the ankle bones on three GREGS. Each one exploded into a plume of purple and green powder blinding his eyeballs for a second. he stood upright and coughed out loud, racing ahead to the row of other GREGS.
Rows of JANES halted a few inches from the grass without turning into a tall single green tinted blade of grass and then swiftly flew ahead towards the row of teens, consisting of Is Chel and Mithras.
Seventeen years old, teen goddess Is Chel raced ahead while yelling out loud and blocked her upper torso with her goddess shield, slashing her goddess sword at the golden collar on each JANE, creating a row of drifting plumes of pink and green tinted fireballs. The light breeze slowly carried each group of gray ashes through the air and into the woodlands.
Seventeen years old, teen god Mithras ran ahead and whipped his blade through the neck, cutting off the head with fury, swiftly moving to the next JANE.
Lugh watched with worry and slowly back stepped from the line of advancing FREDS, moving behind the tall tree bark, squatting down without peeing in his pair of underwear. He closed his two eyelids and prayed for a miracle.
Seventeen years old, leader of the cub pack, teen god Thian sneered at the invading force of enemies on the Windsor Farms that was his home for many years. He wrapped the golden body shield over his torso to protect his chest and held his god sword with two hands dashing ahead and led Isis and Pele towards a semi-crooked rows of GREGS. He pushed the sword down and then pulled the blade upright, delivering a vertical cut through the upright body on the GREG. The GREG exploded in a fireball of orange and blue in front of his face. He coughed out loud from the fine powder and quickly advanced onto the next GREG, growling like a canine during the dog fight.
Seventeen years old, Isis was a petite goddess and did not possess a long arm length or vast body strength slicing each GREG in half like her almost boyfriend cute, hunky teen god Thian, so she utilized her new goddess talent of speed, racing ahead towards the GREG and then leaped into the air, stabbing the tip of her sword into one of the eyeballs on the GREG, quickly dropping back down on top of the ground. When the GREG bent down and held his or her face, she leaned down and cut off the two ankle bones that killed the GRED. The GREG exploded into a fine powder of orange and blue dust drifting away through the air waves and into the woodlands. 
Ares performed a thrusting tip through the chest cavity and then encircled the flesh with the blade stopping the FRED, jerking back the pumping heart, flinging the organ through the air with laughter, stabbing the bloody tip down at one foot and cut off the toes. The FRED exploded in a flaming bomb of green and yellow hue slowly drifting through the air waves.
Balder leaned over and shoved Nikki towards the rows of FREDS. "Nikki, go and aid Thianne and Pele. Ares has got the part of the row killed."
"Okay." Nikki spun around and dashed ahead towards the growing row of FREDS. She was seventeen years old and a petite goddess slicing her goddess sword to the left and then to the right through the air waves with horizontal motions, defending her body, contacting the FRED. She would cut off an arm or rip through the delicate flesh on each enemy.
Near the grove of shade trees, Lugh continued to stare and hissed at the approaching line of GREGS, slowly back stepping from the fight while wearing his god equipment and then spun around, yelling in fear. He stopped and stood behind tall Balder, who protected his short body.
Balder laughed out loud and marched ahead towards the lines of JANES, fighting several feet away from the two talented teens Is Chel and Mithras with a frightened Lugh on his rear tail. Balder took an offensive stance and thrust the tip of his god sword into the arm chopping backwards, striking the golden collar band on the JANE. The JANE exploded into an array of red and blue fireball particles and then the ashes slowly drifted away with the wind. He stood in place and laughed out loud, waiting for each JANE to invade his personal space and repeated his new god offensive technique with great success.
Each fighting teen displayed a different tempo using their set of supernatural weapons exhibiting a sudden burst of speed or a slow motion thrust into the upright body on every JANE, GREG, and FRED. However, more creatures continued to fall down from the dark sky or leap over the water pond or race from the woodlands at the scattered rows of teens.
On the dissolving row of GREGS, Thian cut the flesh and extended the tip including the blade through the armpit of the GREG, wearing a distorted face of disgust, jerking back a ripped off arm. "I need a leather glove over my fighting hand or a metal hand guard over the hilt of my sword," he flung off the arm and dropped the tip of the sword, cutting off the five toes on the GREG. The creature exploded into a fireball and then slowly floated away in the air. He wiped the dust from his dirty, sweaty face, standing in place, scanning each fighting teen and exhaled with worry. "There are too many of them and not enough of us. Teens, form up into a pod of Wild, Wild West cowboys and Native American Indians."
Kuan Yi killed the last GREG and watched a new row of GREGS form into a new line coming from the woodlands while approaching her body with a sweaty face inside her helmet. She exhaled with weary and worry and yelled back at the leader. “What do you see or say or hear, Thian? Why do you wanna go and play Wild West cowboys and Native American Indians kiddie game, right now, Thian? I'm having too much fun entertaining the rows of FREDS that die into a fireball and then are quickly replaced with a new one. Have you finished slicing and dicing your rows of GREGS? If so, then you can come over here and help me with my new row of FREDS?”
Shango continued to fight two of the GREGS and shouted out loud through the eye slots on the helmet that did not display a mouth hole or a set of nose holes. “What did you say to us, Thian? You want pretend that we are watching an old Wild, Wild West television program with a Native American Indian attack on the pioneers who are huddled around the open wagons.”
Thian spun around from the advancing row of new GREGS and dashed ahead, slicing a new GREG, shouting out loud his new order to each teen. “Each stationary heavy object like the stage coach, the hay wagon, and the buggy can become a circle of protection objects for us. Marcus, move all the transports around us!”
“Done!” Ares sliced the last FRED with a heavy grunt and spun around, wiggling his right hand while activating his god power. The three transports shuffled along the dirt and then slammed together through the end walls while forming a rough circle of shelter with an open clearing while offering protection for the gang of young gods and goddesses.
Thian raced ahead with worry and leaned down collecting the horse saddle from his runaway gelding, slipping through one of the tight vertical slots, entering the open clearing. He continued to yell out his new commands to the other teens, “Grab any and all personal items from the grass! Do not allow a FRED or GREG or JANE to touch your personal gear or something bad might happen to you, not me!" He chuckled. "Get your butthole inside one of the smashed transports, compliments of Marcus and his lousy god powers," he chuckled. "Don your equipment for your body protection and draw your sword for your life force!” He entered through the open archway and dropped the horse saddle down on top of the floor, moving ahead and stopped, leaning down into the open window with worry.
Shango glided through one of the slots and entered the stage coach also, scooting around the interior wall, dousing his magical powder in the air. He slowly created a force field in-between the openings which blocked a hand or a limb from entering into the ugly shelter walls. He finished his job and stopped, kneeling a few feet from his friend Thian, staring through the protected window.
The other teens quickly stopped fighting and picked up some of the personal items, spinning around, running away from the dangerous rows of creatures and entered the ugly shelter. A few teens dropped each personal item on the side wall, moved ahead, and then stopped in front of an opening that was protected by a force field. Each one watched the semi-crooked rows of FREDS, GREGS and JANES collide into each other or fight and then defeat an array of scary small animals coming down from sky, out from the pond water or running over the lands.
The lines of JANES carelessly collide into one FRED or GREG and then morph into a werewolf or a vampire but explodes quickly turning into a very large ball of fire that drifted away through the light breeze.
Lugh stood on his toes and stared into the wooden wall, frowning with annoyance. "I can’t see anything through the window.”
In front of the crooked windows, Thian did not move but watched the rows of creatures thumbing back over his collar bone at the rear wall of personal items. “Someone, not me, go and place Lugh on top of one of the horse saddles that lies down there on the stage coach floor, giving him a lift up,” he laughed with the other teens.
Shango slowly stood upright from the wrinkled floor with a sour frown in silence and shuffled backwards from the front row of teens while watching the rows of approaching creatures and hit the rear wall. He reached down and snatched up one of the stacked horses saddles, tossing it at the back spine on Lugh, moving back to the window opening.
The flying saddle hit the rear skull on Lugh as and an array of loud laughter bombarded the small space. The saddle quickly dropped down on top of the wrinkled floor. Lugh shuffled sideways and stood on top of the leather saddle while smiling through the window opening at the commotion outside among the bright sunlight. The other teens stood or sat down in front of one of the window opening while staring at the row of GREGS, FREDS, and JANES that was approaching the circle of transports.
Inside the stage coach floor, Mithras stood upright and stared through the opening. “Don’t shoot out your god or goddess power beam in green hue, until you see the whites of each one of their eyeballs, boys and girls, in living color.” He laughed with some of the teens.
"Their eyeballs are colored in red hue, you gods.” Kuan Yi laughed and knelt down on top of the cracked wooden floor where Ares had smashed the three transports into one big, ugly shelter pad standing on her kneecaps in-between Isis and Nikki while watching the rows of creatures. She pondered if each creature knew each other and would fight each other over the god or goddess meat and blood.
Ares stood behind the front row of teens and leaned over toward Thianne while wearing his god gear, laughing out loud at the line of creatures. “Who is crying with their red tinted eyeballs right now?”
“Shut up, Marcus!” Shango cuddled with worry on the front row of teens and knelt beside Is Chel while staring out the glass window of force field, viewing the huddle of growing creatures.
Mithras slammed his hand into the force field and wobbled the field with numerous colors, nodding with a smile. “Pele, go and do your goddess magic with your talented electronic field around the circle of ancient transports which protects us?”
Pele gasped in shock and nodded several times with a smile, slowly standing upright from the floor, spinning around to face the exit door that was covered in a force field also. She scooted through the thick row of teens, stopped and stood beside Ares and Thianne in the middle of the same room.
In front of the open windows, leader Thian gasped in shock and smiled with relief while watching the creatures through the protective window glass. "Yeah, Pele! Right, Mithras! Build an electronic cord around the center of the three smashed transports that will keep the supernatural creatures away from us, until we figure out how to contact Polly with help."
Ares turned and frowned at Pele. "I don't know about that, Thian. Pele will be exposed as a goddess teen and she will need help piling up the tree branches and plant bushes."
"I possess no fear, unlike the great Ares, the god of war," Pele laughed out loud and quickly exited from the stage coach, moving outside, standing in the middle of open clearing. She lifted both of her hands but wiggled her two goddess digits sending out her goddess powers that would control the tree limbs above and around the ugly circle of three wooden transports. Each extended tree limb slowly wobbled side to side and then gently curved down from the tree trunk forming a full over story green-tinted tree leaf canopy over each transport, blocking the sunlight, shading the clearing with cooler temperatures. She electrified the new tree leaf canopy field holding arms and hands in the air as she was the conduit for the charge of power. The canopy slowly started to turn bright yellow after absorbing all of the goddess electricity while protecting Pele and her friends.
Inside the interior of the damaged stage coach, Thian stood upright from the window panel, spun around and scooted between the line of teens, standing in front of Marcus, "All right! Good point! I need some more teens who wanna go and help Pele erect a tree canopy over the ugly circle of three transports while keeping out the creatures until we can ..."
"Me!" Nikki knelt on the second row of teens and slowly stood upright from the wrinkled floor, spinning around, dashing behind the back spine on Pele.
"Wait! Wait for me, Nikki!" Balder stood upright and knocked some of the teens sideways, plowing through the line, chasing after his girl with worry and exited the stage coach into the bright sunlight.
Nikki stopped and stood beside Pele, looking up with a smile, viewing the leaf canopy. Pele hold both of her arms in the air that also held up the canopy. "There are open breaks in-between the rows of shallow tree leaves. Lift, levitate, and float a broken tree branch or dead plant bush from the grass and place on top of the canopy, so the canopy is filled with items. I am the conduit for the charge of electrical power. 
Balder stopped and stood on the other side of Pele, lifting up his middle finger that activated his god powers, hitting numerous broken tree limbs and dead rows of plant bushes. Each item slowly covered the empty spot on the leaf canopy filling in the space, shading the grass.
“I’m having some much goddess fun today.” Nikki reached down on the floor and located at rock pebble tossing each rock pebble in the air, filling an empty spot within the gigantic electric field.
“You’re doing a great job, babe!” Balder smiled.
Outside in front of the ugly, circular shelter that held all of the teens, some of the falling JANES landed down on top of a GREG immediately sucking up the life form energy and turned into a tall creature with a body of pretty white tinted fur and then exploded into a plume of yellow and green hue. The plume sizzled in the air and then turned into a pile of gray ashes slowly hitting the force field or drifting away with the light breeze around the woodlands.
The other falling JANES hit down on a FRED life form and attacked another FRED, trying to suck the blood from the ugly vampire. Then the true vampire turned and killed the modified JANE life form.
Inside the interior of the stage coach, the other teens continued to stand or sit while moaning at the ugly sight of mutated JANES, FREDS, and GREGS standing on top of the grass and the dirt within the bright sunlight.
Mithras slid his single kneecap across the wrinkled floor and hit an object, leaning down, gasping in shock and lifted up the item into his sneer. He held the item and slowly stood upright from the floor, scooting back through the line of teens, bumping into Marcus and presented his cupped hand. “I struck gold.” He showed Marcus a handful of abandoned gems and jewels. “Do you happen to notice who’s missing our fun and games?”
Marcus turned and scanned each teen with one not present, sneering back at Mithras. “Dainichi and her vanishing act has strike gold again.”
“I wish that I could vanish her foreverly.”
Marcus leaned over and whispered into the cheekbone on Mithras only, “After this theme park play fun is finally done and gone, me and you will go around the farm and find that petite goddess having a nasty light chat with the she-ghost.”
“Agreed.” Mithras nodded his head.
Thianne continued to stand beside Ares and watched the lines of creatures, removing her helmet which re-shaped them back into pair of original sunglasses, dropping down her goddess her sword and her goddess shield on top of the floor that reverted back into the original mobile telephone and wrist watch.
Marcus heard the crash of the goddess weapons and spun around, gasping at Thianne, “Princess, what are you doing? Where are you going? Why are you going? Are you attending to go someplace else, darling?” He leaned over and hugged her body not allowing her to leave the comforts of the stage coach interior walls.
She struggled from his arms and smiled at the open archway. “I'm going outside with Pele, Balder, and Nikki. I can fight them with my invisibility and use my fire to toast their bread,” she giggled at her new goddess talent.
He gasped in worry and pulled Thianne into his chest, shaking his bone skull. “No!”
Thian stood on the other side of Thianne and sneered at the line of morphed creatures. “Absolutely not, Sis!”
Marcus continued to cuddle Thianne and shook his bone skull, “Do you hear that too? Thian and I finally agree on your care and safety, princess!"
“Right, man!” Thian nodded with a stern face and turned to face Thianne.
Thianne continued to face the open archway and pulled from the comfort of Ares. “Yeah, I can help all of the teen better, if I am outside beyond the force field and using my goddess powers,” she tried to shuffle towards the exit but Ares continued to hold tight. Thianne was a strong and tough teen goddess but she wasn’t going to break away from his stronger god hold.
“The mistress of invisibility is doing just that, Thianne.” He turned and nodded to Thian.
Thian turned and nodded to Thianne. Thian understood again. Teen goddess Dainichi had abandoned the gang of teens for a second time.
Teens Mithras, Pele, and Marcus had a private meeting and discussed her chicken poopy attitude, yesterday afternoon, before this new current teenly emergency. While the teens didn’t care individually for Dainichi, her goddess behavior was endangering the entire gang of teens.
“Dainichi, is she really outside with the creatures and away from the protective barrier of three ancient transports? Why is she outside alone? We need to go and help her, before something happens to Dainichi.” Thianne nodded with worry and stared at the open archway.
Thian turned and viewed the open archway. “Dainichi is out there. You might accidentally run into her invisible body and then no one will know what happens next, Sis,” he laughed with Marcus.
"Right, man!" Marcus laughed and continued to cuddle Thianne.
“No! I don’t believe anything will happen if we accidentally collide.” She frowned.
He leaned into her cheekbone with a whisper, “Do you really wanna take that chance here, princess? Do you wanna get Dainichi harmed or hurt or injured?”
“Well, I guess not,” she nodded.
Thian clapped with a smile and leaned over shoving Marcus from his sister. “Great decision, Sis! Now, stay right here and fight like a real god! Get away from Thianne, Marcus!”
Nikki appeared behind the force field and thumbed back over her collar bone. "Everyone, come outside and help, right now, this moment. Don't delay! Pele needs some help in keeping her electric field up and operating." She spun around and left the block archway rushing away from the damaged stage coach.
Mithras headed out through the force field which could only be accessed by one of the teen gods or goddesses. The row of other teens quickly stood upright from the front row of protected glass windows and scooted around the standing pair of Marcus and Thian. Thianne shoved Marcus from her body in silence and quickly exited the unblocked archway first to aid Pele inside the clearing.
In front of the guarded row of non-glass windows, seventeen years old and talented teen god Shango continued to kneel and stared at the commotion in front of the ugly shelter. The rest of the JANES dropped down and halted a few inches from the grass, slowly floating towards the ugly shelter with their creepy appearance. A new row of FREDS and GREGS emerged from the thick grove of woodlands, rushing ahead at the ugly shelter without attacking or colliding into the numerous rows of JANES. He exhaled with worry and swiftly stood upright from the wrinkled floor, spinning around with a smile, seeing the last butthole on the last teen, who exited the safety of the ugly shelter. He moved ahead and stopped, standing beside Thian, staring at the twinkling force field. “Where would that true god be located at, right now, at this moment, bro?” Shango had ease dropped on the private conversation keeping Thianne safe and exposing Dainichi with another one of her silly and stupid goddess antics. He was thinking of attending the next upcoming private meeting with Thian, after this play fun adventure was done.
“Shut up, Shango!” Thian sneered at the twinkling force field that held the interior walls safe from the rows of creatures.
Marcus continued to stand and exhaled with worry for his girl Thianne and the other teens, who were gathered inside the clearing and assisted Pele with her goddess talented electrical canopy field. He started to stomp ahead with a soft growl.
“Hot! Burning my asset!” Lugh jumped up from the horse saddle, hovered in the air, and then landed down on his soles on top of the wrinkled floor, rubbing his butthole, examining the heated leather. “Holey! Moley!”
Shango rolled his eyeballs and sneered with annoyance, “What's wrong now, Lugh?” He continued to stare at the twinkling archway at the annoyant teen god.
Lugh continued to stand and viewed the leather object. “The Capri thing is here.”
Thian rolled his two eyeballs with frustration at the tiny god and spun around with a growl, dashing ahead, stopping in front of the row of non-glass windows, Lugh, and the saddle. “Carpet what! There isn't a floor of smooth fabric carpet in here, only a wrinkled floor, compliments of Marcus and his lousy god powers that crushed all the transports together into one ugly unit.”
"Hey now! My lovely arrangement have saved all of our buttholes, until a few second ago." Marcus spun around and laughed out loud, slowly following Thian and stopped, standing beside Thian.
Lugh continued to stand in front of the windows and rubbed his butthole, jabbing a finger down at the object. “No! The Capri thing is right here and right now for some reason.”
Thian frowned down at the object and then gasped in alarm.



┬┴┬
_____
( O O )
(---)
-----------
));(( …. )):((
^^^^ ….~~~~
♥….♣



Thian whispered for his eardrums only. “Carpe diem.”
Lugh gasped in shock. “O! It's that Carpe die thing which means enjoy today.”
Marcus stared down with worry at the familiar symbol, “The skull in the middle of the mosaic has two fluttering butterflies. They are symbols representing the fleeting spirits of life and death.”
“Death!” Thian whispered and stared at the design.
Lugh rubbed his stinging butthole that did not burn the fabric but his tender skin tissue, pointing down at the saddle leather with the other hand. “Hmm! That design has burned …”
“...onto the soft leather saddle like an art form,” Thian frowned at the burnt design in black hue
Marcus jabbed a finger down at the saddle with worry. “Who mounted this particular leather horse saddle on their horse? I and Thianne didn't ride a horse but inside the hay wagon. The other teens ride inside one of the transports. Is this your horse saddle, Thian?”
“No!" Thian frowned. "I had used a light colored saddle in tan hue. This horse saddle had been used by Isis and is ...”
“... a warning ...” 
“... more than that ...” Thian gasped in fear.
Marcus spun around with worry and shouted out, dashing towards the twinkling archway. “Heck fire! Find her and protect her, right now!”
He spun around and raced behind Marcus, exiting into the open clearing.
Inside the open clearing, Pele stood in the middle of the grass and dirt while producing sweat balls on her distorted face, holding her bent elbow bones closing to her collar bone, instead of over her hair roots, that continued to protect the ugly circle of three transports. Within the yellow tinted leaves that covered the air waves below the other shade trees, some of the electrical neurons were burned out leaving individual tiny gaps within the yellow tinted leaf canopy.
The bigger gaps appeared on each side of the leaf canopy, where Is Chel was doing a great job of defeating the arriving row of FREDS, GREGS, and JANES, guarding the human-sized opening. Is Chel was becoming tired from the hand-to-hand combat fighting as well as her god friends Mithras and Balder.
Inside the clearing, Thian dashed ahead and scanned the scattered teen, moving ahead to the far side of the leaf canopy, ordering to Marcus. “Go and look on the eastern side of the leaf canopy, Marcus! I’ll go and take the western side while seeking Isis,” he dashed ahead towards the vertical opening on the side of the canopy.
“Got it!” Marcus spun around and raced ahead from the safe shelter towards the opposite side with a diagonal slash in the delicate canopy while scanning for Isis with his god sword. He stopped and bend down, slowly moving through the opening, standing upright with a gasp of worry. His friends Shango, Is Chel, and Thianne were fiercely fighting with rows of JANES, GREGS, and FREDS moving too close to the wagon shelter while smelling all of the bits of exposed god blood coming from each teen. Marcus jumped in into the fray and cut off numerous toes, remembering his first duty.
A few minutes earlier, Isis had exited the ugly but safe shelter and then crawled through the electric fence protection which had been supplied by her new goddess friend Pele. Isis had found her goddess talent and wanted to use it to help the gang of teens. She could telepathic communicate with all of the larger wildlife mammals that resided on top of the mountain side consisting of the cougars and bears within the local area that could help the gang of teens. She closed her eyelashes and crossed both of her legs while calming her excited nerve endings down her back spine, reaching out with her goddess senses through the air waves. She searched within the metaphysically waves for each dangerous predator and then found each them communicating out her teenly distress. Each cougar and bear heard her distressed mental plea.
Each mammal stopped eating or playing or hunting and then started to race ahead climbing over each rock boulder, dashing around every shade tree, splashing through each cool streams, and leaped over every pod of colorful wildflowers and each low-lying plant bush while looking for their new meal.
Inside the open clearing, Pele continued to stand and sweat holding up the heavy electrified leaf canopy with both hands while keeping out the rows of enemies. She had seen most of the teen exit the ugly shelter fighting off the wandering creatures before one of them entered into the clearing, except for Nikki.
Nikki was scared and huddled inside the ugly shelter with Dainichi, the two weaker goddesses among the supernatural clan. Pele wasn’t jealous or resentful of any teen god or goddess. She and leader Thian had discussed each personality and supernatural power from each minor versus every major deity. This was the way of the universe. The strongest survived. The weakest died.
The other teens continued to fight off each enemy from the shallow opening of the leaf canopy. Marcus scooted from the line of teens and slowly scouted around the eastern side while killing any annoyant in his footpath, seeking for Isis. Thian was occupied on the opposite side and continued to kill each creature while looking for Isis. Both of the males were a pair of powerful teen gods.
Pele couldn’t see any of the other teens with her normal sight as she continued to pinpoint all her energy, strength, and mental powers on the electric field while protecting all the teen gods and divas from the army of creatures that was controlled by Satan’s Grandmother. She exhaled with worry and inhaled with pain desiring to sit down and rest her sore muscles, consuming a hot plate of food for her growling stomach and laying down on top of her soft bed mattress inside her private bedroom.
Outside the leaf canopy and around the ugly shelter, a group of wild mammals emerged sounding with loud roars and wild screams, racing with a set of fast and swift furry paws without stopping at the rows of JANES, FREDS, and GREGS. Each wild mammal sliced and diced with a set of sharp claws at each moving prey. The creature battle was both quick and merciless. Numerous hungry and jealous cougars and bears ripped and then tear away the delicate flesh, tissue and bone from each FRED and GREG partially for food and partially for fun.
The line of teens including Thianne, Shango, Is Chel, Mithras, Balder, and Kuan Yi stood in place and loudly cheered for the group of wild animals.
After hearing the loud noise and seeing the commotion, Thian emerged from grove of trees with a gasp, stopped a few feet from the shelter, and stared at the bloody mess coming from the group of wild animals.
Inside the clearing, Pele couldn’t hold the electrical field pattern any more. Her once strong and now exhausted arm muscles collapsed as her two arms dropped down, slapping both of her legs. She grunted in defeat. The leaf-covered canopy field evaporated up in the atmosphere as the set of tree limbs re-bounded back into the tree trunk or snapped off dropping down each broken limb on top of the unsuspecting teen gods and divas who continued to watch the victory dance of the cougars and bears.
Nikki viewed the defeat of the creatures outside the window and exited the shelter, seeing Pele, the rays of sunlight, and her boyfriend Balder, running to him. He hugged her and watched the animals enjoy the mid-day lunch meal with delight.
Inside the hidden shelter of the woodlands, Isis spun around and smiled, slowly standing upright, clapping and cheered for her new group of forest friends, who continued to enjoy the mid-day meal. The stranger appeared behind the back spine on Isis and squatted down, cutting off the vulnerable biological body part on goddess Isis for the permanent goddess kill.
Isis didn’t know who or what or why it had happened but slowly dropped down onto the clay dirt while feeling light headed and sleepy.
Marcus continued to scout around the parameter of the ugly shelter without fear while the group of wild mammals continued to eat the body parts of each dead FRED and GREG with delight, spotting a tiny form on top of the grass. He gasped in alarm and shouted out loud, running to the fallen body, “Is-is!” He stopped and squatted down on top of the ground, reaching out, holding her tiny hand. 
Thian gasped in alarm and spun around, seeing Marcus and then Isis, dashing towards the lifeless tiny form, stopped and stood beside Marcus.
Shango heard the name and then spun around, dashing ahead, standing beside Thian. He stared down at the lifeless body of Isis, “The wild animals had come and attacked and then killed ...”
“...the creatures …” Kuan Yi appeared and stood beside Shango feeling her sadness.
The rest of the teens surrounded Shango, Thian, Marcus and stared down at dead Isis.
Marcus exhaled with sadness and released her hand, “Is-is saved us. She had called out with her goddess telepathy to all the big cats and large grizzly bears.”
Thian exhaled with sadness and stared down at Isis. “Satan’s Grandmother did this. Satan's Grandmother had marked Isis with the Capri diem symbol. The skull design had been burned onto the leather of her horse's saddle.”
Nikki started crying as Balder held her close. Thianne leaned over and hugged her brother Thian with her love and support and protection.
Lugh stood beside Nikki and pointed down at the dead body on Isis. “She’s been cut on …”
Pele frowned down at the dead body also. “We all can see that, Lugh.”
A ghostly figure appeared on top of the grass and then morphed into a dark-skinned black-headed goddess who wore a white tinted ankle-length dress of natural wool, a pair of bare feet and colorful blue, yellow, orange and red beaded four tiered necklace covering sloping down to her breasts. She walked slowly to Isis without emotion.
The huddle of teens slowly back stepped and continued to watch in silence.
Pele gasped in shock and whispered out her words that went into each pair of supernatural eardrums. “That woman is Enki, who is the Sumerian goddess of water.”
The mother of Isis, Enki kneeled down with sadness and touched the forehead on Isis, closing the pair of eyelashes on her dead daughter, scooting both of her arms underneath the dead body and lifted Isis into the air with ease. The mother of Isis looked up and nodded to the teens and then vanished from the Earth plane with her dead daughter. Each teen gasped in shock and then felt sorrow.
Outside on top of the grass, the group of wild mammals had finished the mid-day meal leaving the messy grounds, returning back to their home base. Thian spun around with fury and swiftly dashed back into the ugly shelter, and then stopped, leaning down, picking up the cursed saddle. He touched the burnt design. The Carpi diem symbol disappeared before his eyes like the time he had touched the same burnt design on the bedroom headboard that belong to dead goddess Kruti. “Damn!” He reared back his fighting arm and tossed the horse saddle through the enclosed ceiling on the ugly shelter with all of his teen goddess powers, busting a wide opening that allowed bright sunrays through the ceiling, two of the walls, and the floor, separating the stage coach transport away from the crashed hay wagon. The horse saddle flew over a mile in distance and ten landed down on top of the grass with a tiny puff of dirt.
The other teens spun around and gasped at the damaged shelter, racing ahead with worry, stopping in front of the broken wall, seeing Thian.
Shango nodded with a stern face at the back spine on Thian. “Do you feel better now, bro?”
“No!” Thian spun around with angry and viewed each teen goddess and god.
Marcus nodded with a stern face. “If only, that had been the face on Satan’s Grandmother..."
Is Chel nodded with a stern face to Thian and the other teens. “We must quickly return back home to Windsor Farms and plot out a new plan that will rid us of Satan's Grandmother, right now.”
Shango turned with worry and scanned the set of destroyed transports. “Yeah, I like that idea, Is Chel. Now, do you have another idea here? How to get back without walking five miles?”
“Well, we could perform a group pop trick,” Pele ran her palm across her face and body cleaning off the sweat and dirt.
Marcus stood beside Thianne without hugging his girl and frowned with worry, staring at Thian. “I don’t know about that one, Pele. That move is really dangerous...”
“...for me…” Balder laughed and hugged Nikki, who continued to sob with her sad tears over the death of goddess Isis.
She looked up and smiled at each teen, “If we connect all of our auras together, it’ll work. I promise.”
Lugh stood beside Balder and frowned at Pele. “How exactly do we connect all of our auras? An aura is not a physical thing like a baseball bat.”
“That's right, Lugh! An aura is not a physical thing, but we must produce a physical reaction by touching a hand. So, everyone, get away from the damaged shelter and come out here and sit down on top of the clean part of the grass without the blood or body parts from one of the creatures.” She spun around and moved out from the destroyed shelter, padding several feet into a new clearing, spinning around with a smile. She motioned to each teen and pointed down at the pod of grass among the bright sunshine in silence. Each teen spun around and moved away from the destroyed shelter, stopping in a huddle and stood in silence at Pele.
Thianne led her brother Thian to the spot and patted his arm, ordering, “Sit down, Thian!” They both sat down and stared at Pele. The other teens sat down and watched Pele in silence.
Pele sat down with a smile and cuddled with Is Chel while giggling with silliness, scanning a loose circle of teens. “Closer! Every teen must get into each other's space for this to work. We must be fully connected with each other aura or..." She frowned. "And I do not wanna mention the ‘or’ part either.” Each teen scooted closer and wrapped an arm around their friend. Pele surveyed the group with a smile. “Good! This is very good. Close your two eyelids or eyelashes. The new and familiar touchdown point is the same spot, where the row of transports were standing on the western side of the horse barn building. We all know that ground spot is clear of horses and debris.”
“I hope!” Shango frowned with his two eyelids closed.
Pele continued to talk with her two eyelashes shut. “Hush! No talking! No doubting! Concentrate your supernatural mind and relax human muscles and focus on the familiar touchdown spot! I am counting to the math number of three. Then each teen snaps their fingers at the same time. One. Two. Three.” Each teen snapped their fingers and then the group disappeared from the plot of grass next to the dirt road and away from the destroyed transports.
The same group of wrapped arms with a stern face landed back down on the red tinted dirt at the barn building in a light puff of red dust from the hard drop on top of the dry hard clay.

At 02:02 pm, in the heated day, each teen opened their pair of eyelids and gasped in shock, scanning the familiar sight. Each one jumped up from the dirt and sounded with cheers, laughter, and claps with the successful pop trick.
Lugh stopped clapping and slowly spun around, scanning the landscape with confusion. “Where are we located at, Pele?”
“Can't you see? We have landed down on Windsor Farms," Is Chel continued to bounce and smiled with happiness, staring at the barn structure.
“Nope! We have landed down inside Hades, girl.” Shango stopped clapping with worry and slowly spun around like Lugh scanning the landscape.
The grass landscape displayed continuous multiple fifty-foot high plumes of red, yellow, and blue colored fires that ravaged the grove of healthy shade trees, the row of low-lying green tinted fruit and plant bushes, pastures, every crop field including the cotton bolls, corn stalks, and the other food plants. The air waves consisted of rolls of black tinted smoke. Each horse barn structure, storage towers, farm houses, and the main homestead on Windsor Farms displayed a shell of black burnt lumber and white tinted smoke
Nikki gasped in shock "This cannot be home, can it?"
Thianne stopped clapping and gasped in shock, completing a circle, viewing the side of the barn that was not burnt. She moved ahead and stopped, pointing at the object. “We are back at Windsor Farms. This is really Windsor Farms. Look over here! I had carved my name into the barn wooden plank at the age of fourteen years old, on my first day, here at my new home.  I still see my curved name here on the wooden plank. This is truly Windsor Farms, all burnt and gone.”
Mithras continued to slowly swirl in a circle and stared at the ugly new landscape of burnt woodlands, farm crops, and farm buildings, “Is this an alternative world here on Planet Earth, where we had popped down into, Pele?”
“No, moron!” Kuan Yi slowly twirled around the dirt and surveyed the burnt landscape also in shock.
Thian frowned at the burning landscape. “I hate to say this, right here and right now. But I do believe that Satan’s Grandmother had been more busier than us on our picnic adventure today. She has attacked the entire farm property including the main ranch house, the farm houses, all the horse barns, structures, and animals ...”
“...Mr. and Mrs. Windsor…” Nikki wiped her tears of more sorrow and worry for the pair of humans.
Shango frowned. “Dead! I don’t think that was Mrs. Windsor, who was escorting us on top of the horse down the dirt road towards the mountain side either.”
Balder continued to swing around and pointed in the distance. "I agree with Thian, Shango, and Pele. We need to move back to the school house building. I can see an outline of the building in the far distance with my god eyeballs.” He leaned over and hugged Nikki, slowly leading the other teens ahead.
Lugh dashed ahead with a gasp of shock and padded beside tall and strong Balder for protection, “Is that building really still here and intact for our us?”
Thian leaned over and hugged his sister, following behind Balder, nodding with a stern face, “Yeah! There is a god shield around the structure that Zeus can’t touch.”
Marcus shuffled beside Thianne without cuddling her. The situation was too serious for any type of girlfriend playtime right here and right now. He laughed. “That’s because the leader of the gods and goddess Zeus had placed it there.”
Lugh nodded with a smile. “That makes sense! He must love us and protect us, as we are only a set of young devas and devis.”
Pele nodded with a stern face and formed a third line with Is Chel, Shango, and Mithras. “That was good thinking on his part. So, we do have an ally, even if he is invisible, inaccessible and incognito,” she laughed with some of the other teens.
Lugh frowned with worry. “I want my mommy and daddy.”
Nikki frowned with sadness. “I wanna go back to my old home.”
Mithras sneered. “I wanna kill Satan’s Grandmother.”
Thianne continued to scan more of the burnt landscape with sorrow and sadness. "My goddess eyeballs can easily see that the entire Windsor Farms is gone.”
Balder continued to pad and surveyed the burnt or burning buildings. “All the animals are gone to including the cows, horses, cats, dogs, chicken, pigs, goats …”
Shango frowned at the burnt field crops and building. “We all possess excellent supernatural vision, bro.”
Is Chel frowned at the same burnt landscape. “What do you think happened here?”
Thian sneered. “The gang of FREDS and GREGS and JANES attacked us and the farm all at the same time under the command of Satan's Grandmother. However, the rows of nasty creatures were far more luckier here at the farmland than her rows of powder-puff friends there at the picnic park.”
Kuan Yi wiped the tears from her eye sockets and whispered for her eardrums only. “All of it is gone and dead including the farm land, the manor and Mrs. and Mr. Windsor.”
The three rows of teens slowly padded ahead with sadness, stopped with delight, and stood a few feet from the school house building. The structure was both safe and sound.
Lugh pointed with a smile at the intact structure. “We are safe. We can live here at the schoolhouse, until Granny comes for us. The building has survived the fire and can house and feed and protect all of us,” he tossed both of his arms in the air and twirled around in a circle, nodding to each teen, completing the circle. He stopped and dropped both of his arms down, slapping his trousers, smiling at the school house building in red tinted dried mud.
Shango flipped his hand in the air and then sneered at Thian. “Forget about housing, feeding and protecting us right here and right now. We plot a plan and go after Satan’s Grandmother, right now and right here.”
Pele nodded with a stern face. “I agree with Shango. We execute our original plan before the disastrous picnic trip and go and find the honeycomb hive of honeybees in the Priceville Mountain Range which will lead us to the hidden cavern with the race of Titans. Satan's Grandmother is trying to stop us right here and right now. We can't let that happen to us, ya'll!”
Thian scanned the burnt landscape and then turned to face the roadway with worry. “Right now and right here, we got a new set of pressing problems.”
Mithras tilted his bone skull and shook his head, cleaning out one eardrum with his finger. “I hear sirens. My eardrums must be affected by the smoke and fires.”
Marcus laughed and cleaned out his eardrum. “My ears are a-ringing too.”
Lugh pulled out his personal mobile telephone and looked down at the screen, “I thought it was my cell phone. My girl calls my phone and worries about me living here.”
The set of loud sirens, whistles, and bells in the far distance bombarded the air waves and moved closer to the burnt landscape. Each teen turned with curiosity and used their supernatural eyeballs staring at the long gravel driveway coming from the main country road. A line of red and yellow tinted large transports provided the noise and housed a set of emergency personnel inside the bowels of the machines.
Nikki smiled and pointed at the line of emergency machines. "Look over there on the roadway! I see a line of red and yellow fire trucks and green tinted ambulances. Each rescue machine is coming to our rescue.”
Balder shook his bone skull and cuddled his girl Nikki. “No, Nikki! This is not a rescue, it is our capture. We are under the age of eighteen years old. Thus each one of us will become fostered into another home with a different human guardian. Mr. and Mrs. Windsor had been our human guardians and took care of us here at the Windsor Farms.”
Thianne turned and frowned at the burnt landscape, “Where is Granny Hanover located here without this mess? We need her help and guidance right here and right now,” she parked both of her fists on her dirty clothes.
Marcus nodded with a stern face and surveyed the burning landscape. “Granny is dead. She can't compete with rows and rows of vicious, mean, rude, vile, hungry JANES, GREGS, and FREDS. O my! We, the teen gods and goddess had the privilege of each other's company and then worked like a supernatural team to defeat the creatures,” he shook his bone skull at the terrible ending for Granny Hanover, the farm, and humans, and the animals.
Lugh gasped in shock and pointed at the hilltop. “Look at that! The first yellow tinted fire truck is racing up the hill! What am I to do? Where am I to go? They are going to take me away from here and my friends. What am I going to do?”
Balder laughed. "What friends, foot stool?"
Mithras frowned. “Holy snot!”
“Dang it!” Marcus frowned.
Pele frowned. “Heck fire!”
Shango frowned. “Okay! We are in danger again. So, someone think of something.”
Thianne nodded. “We can perform the pop trick and hide in the woodlands.”
Thian frowned. “No! We can't do that. We’re minors. The human authorities will hunt and then find us.”
Lugh continued to point and bounced up and down with worry. “Now, each red and yellow tinted fire truck is coming up the hillside. What do we do?”
Is Chel moved ahead and spun around while smiling at each teen, slapping her chest. “I got an idea. I have discovered a new goddess talent, the other day. I can project an image on a living life form or a vision inside a human minds without the human knowing about it.”
Pele smiled. “Excellent, girlfriend! How does your new goddess talent work, Is Chel?”
She smiled. “I can project an image of a dead and deceased Mr. and Mrs. Windsor inside the human open mind on the police officer, but I need a live subject.”
Shango pointed with laughter at Is Chel, “O! She needs a live lab rat! Not me!”
Marcus reached out and slapped the back spine on Shango. “Shut up, Shango!”
She smiled. “I need a model to hold my new goddess image in place.”
“This sounds a little too complex.” Kuan Yi frowned.
Is Chel smiled. “No! It’s easy, not complex. I create an image first. Then the image is projected on the life form. The image can become a man or a woman or a child or an animal or a reptile or a dragon.”
Nikki smiled. “That's a really cool goddess skill, Is Chel.”
She smiled. “The life form looks like my projected goddess image that I had created within my mind.”
Marcus smiled. “Wow! That's an awesome new goddess talent.”
Is Chel nodded. “Thanks!”
“Do me!” Balder slapped his chest with a smile at Is Chel.
Thian nodded. “Do it, too it, right here and right now, Is Chel!”
She frowned. “Uh! I got a slight matter.”
He frowned. “No! You don't. Just do it, too it, right here and right now!”
She smiled. “Balder is an okay choice.”
Balder frowned with laughter. “Okay! I got my feeling hurt from goddess Is Chel.”
“I’ll comfort you, later, big boy.” Nikki leaned over with a grin and hugged her boyfriend. Balder leaned down and kissed her face, pulling back with a wink.
“We don’t have time for giggles and laughs. Do it, too it, right now and right here!” Thian commanded with a nod and a stern face to Is Chel.
Is Chel frowned with worry and concern. “I can project Mr. Windsor onto the body of Balder, but I can’t project Mrs. Windsor onto the body of Balder all at the same time.”
“No prob! You can use my body.” Pele slapped her chest and laughed with the other teens.
Is Chel frowned. “Uh! I have another problem. My goddess power is limited to only one life form.”
Thian tossed both of his palms near his worried brow. “Okay! Fine! Project your goddess image only on the body of Balder making him become Mr. Windsor.”
Shango frowned. “Are you nuts, Franklin? Look around you! The farm land and the Windsor Farms is burned down into the tiny fires and battered down to the burnt grass blades. All of the human law and legal and nosy authorities want to see both Mr. and Mrs. Windsor in person while breathing and talking and walking …”
Kuan Yi gasped in worry. “But Mr. and Mrs. Windsor are both dead and not breathing and talking and walking ...”
“Shut up, Shango and Kuan Yi. What do we do now, Is Chel?” Mithras sneered with worry.
Is Chel smiled. “I can project my goddess image on the set of molecules coming from the same family members,” she stared at Thian and Thianne.
Pele gasped in alarm and then laughed out loud, viewing both Thian and Thianne. “Do you mean to say that a set of siblings or a sister and brother combination that share the same body molecules works best with your new goddess projection skills?” Each teen turned and laughed at the twins, a god and a goddess.
She laughed with a nod at Thian and Thianne. “Yes. Yes. Yes. A set of twins share the same DNA molecules. I can use my goddess projection talent and then impose a single image of Mr. and Mrs. Windsor over the two bodies of Thian and Thianne.”
“What!” Marcus gasped in alarm and turned to see Thian and Thianne.
Thian continued to wave both of his palms in the air. “Do it, too it, right now and right here, Is Chel. We are out of time.”
Is Chel nodded. “You need to hold hands, Thian and Thianne.”
Thianne whipped her hand in the air and stared at her brother, “Ewe-wee!”
Shango laughed. “What’s the matter here? Both of you are blood-related kin as a sister and brother, who come born from the same pair of biological parents.”
Thian turned and frowned at his sister. “I have not held her hand since I was six years old.”
Thianne laughed. “Actually, you stopped holding my hand at the age of thirteen years old.”
Shango laughed. “Bro, were you actually a teenager when you held your sister's hand for some unknown and silly reason? Why did you do that, Thian?”
Thian sneered at his sister, “ I quit holding your hand when you were scared at the age of seven years old, Sis.”
“Twelve.” Thianne laughed.
“Nine.”
“Ten.”
“Eleven.”
Thian frowned with a nod. “Okay! Maybe, we continued to hold hands until we were eleven years old.”
Thianne winked at Shango. “Thian was scared of the…”
He shouted out loud, “Thianne!”
She giggled. “O! I'm so sorry, big brother,” she laughed with the other teens.
Shango laughed. “What or whom was Thian scared of, Thianne?”
Is Chel sneered. “Back to me! When the same family members hold their individual hands, my goddess power is the greater. Do it, too it, Thian and Thianne!” Thian reached out and touched the fingers on her hand. Is Chel nodded to Thian, “Uh! My goddess projection talent is limited with a time limit.”
Pele gasped in alarm. “Clarify that statement, Is Chel? What does limited with a time limit mean?”
Is Chel nodded. “I can project my goddess projection for fifteen human minutes.”
Shango gasped in worry, “What happens after fifteen minutes, Is Chel?”
She nodded. “The projection on the projectee is all lost.”
Thian ordered. “Do it to us, right now and right now. The law and legal authorities are coming up the driveway.”
Is Chel nodded in silence and then sat down on top of the dirt in front of the Thian and Thianne and closed her two eyelashes
Thian pointed to his friend. “Balder and Shango protect Is Chel during her goddess projection run. Don’t let anything harm her!” Each one pulled out a mobile telephone and a wrist watch, converting into a god sword and a god body shield surrounding Is Chel in her goddess trance in silence.
Shango smiled at Thian and Thianne. “Wow! You look unbelievable like them.”
Pele smiled. “Yeah, I see Mr. and Mrs. Windsor through her goddess projection form.”
“That’s amazing!” Nikki smiled at Thian and Thianne.
“How did she do this thing?” Lugh frowned at Thian and Thianne.
Mithras laughed. “I don't know but I am going to ask mom and dad too.”
Kuan Yi frowned with worry. “I hope that I survive to see them.”
Mithras leaned over and smiled down into the face on Kuan Yi. “You will. I promise. We will all see our parents for the first time, after this silly hunt for Satan's Grandmother is done and gone.”
At 02:02:02 pm, among the bright clear sky, inside the goddess projection image, both Thian and Thianne were holding hands and slowly padded ahead over the grass, stopping a few feet from the army of humans.
The fleet of fire trucks, police cars, and ambulances halted on the gravel pavement. A single police officer exited his vehicle and approached the owners of the Windsor Farms. A row of three fire fighters with a portal tank. Four paramedics carried a single stretcher that held an assortment of medical boxes. The driveway contained four fire trucks, four police cars, and two paramedic vans facing the manor.
On top of the ground, Thian voiced in his natural rich baritone without moving his arm or his hand. “Howdy ya’ll?” He stared with a smile at the police officer.
“Mr. Windsor.” The police officer nodded with a stern face and scanned the landscape.
“Yes, sir! Is there a problem, officer?”
“Where’s the fire, Captain?” The policeman spun around with confusion and frowned at one of the fire fighters in the row.
The lead fire fighter pointed at the farm house and then frowned with confusion. “The fire is... is…” 
Within the goddess project, Thianne slowly looked back over her collar bone. A three-story brick manor stood in place and contained a row of farm hands on top of the front porch, who waved at the emergency personnel. In front and beside the fake house, an individual green colored pasture displayed herds of black and white grazing beef cows and an assortment of wild brown tinted goats. Each horse shook their mane inside a closed barn stall.
Is Chel was also projecting the restored farm property and a calm scene within each human minds as part of her goddess special talent.
On top of the manicured grass, the Captain of the fire fighters frowned and shook his bone skull with the fire fighter hat, “I don't understand. We recorded plumes of black smoke and multiple fireballs right here within this area on fire radar equipment. Standing right here, I don't see any fires.”
The eyeballs on Thianne turned and stared at the green tinted pasture beside her feet, returning back to see the police officer. “Well, I can report that everything is fine and dandy here at Windsor Farms, sir!”
“Do we have the wrong geographical spot, Captain?” The policeman continued to stare at the fire Captain.
“Absolutely not!” One of the other firemen looked down at the portal laptop seeing the plumes of smoke on the radar.
Thianne smiled at the row of humans, “Darling, maybe, one of the fire alarms caught again in our house. Maybe, that particular fire alarm in the house might need to be fixed, before we have another incident.”
Thian smiled without nodding his bone skull. “Well, the fire alarm has triggered a false alarm that triggered all of these nice fire fighters to come all the way up here for no good reason to see us at our farm, sweetheart.”
The Captain of the fire fighters turned and nodded to Thian/Mr. Windsor. “Right! You are correct, Mrs. Windsor.”
Thian said. “We are so sorry, police officers and fire fighters. It must be a malfunction with our fire alert system. We’ll pay for the money penalty.”
The Captain of the fire fighters whipped out and typed on his mobile telephone, saying to Thian. “Yeah, a false alert is a very expensive monetary item for a nice group of people. But I have to report a fake fire that to my division head. It's done! You will receive a bill for a false alarm within a couple of days. And you need to pay for the bill within a few weeks or the police will come back here for the monies,” he looked up and nodded to Thian/Mr. Windsor.
Thian smiled. “We completely understand. Thank you for coming police officer and fire captain, and the other ladies and gentlemen of the emergency crew from the city of Fultondale.”
Thianne smiled. “We all so sorry for the mess... misunderstanding. Thanks for coming and checking, thou!”
The Captain of the fire fighters scanned the normal landscape with a confusion. “You folks have a nice day,” he spun around and waved his hand, shouting out loud, “False alarm! The fire was a false alarm. Everyone, get back into the truck and stow the gear. We are going back home to the firehouse station. Get moving!” Thian and Thianne continued to stand within the goddess projection and watched until all the human machines had left the driveway and moved down the county road. They spun around and laughed with relief, dashing back to the school house building.
A few feet from the side wall on the school house, a huddle of teens surrounded Is Chel. She had projected the bodies of Mr. and Mrs. Windsor and a healthy farm with live animals and humans. Then Is Chel had collapsed down in the clay dirt.
Pele reached out and touched the forearm on Is Chel, nodding with a smile. “Is Chel is okay. She is understandable exhausted from her fantastic talent.”
Thianne dashed ahead and cuddled with Marcus, staring down at Is Chel. Is Chel was yawning and waking up from her short nap.
Thian appeared and slapped his hand into the back spine on Marcus, shouting out loud to the other teens. "Satan’s Grandmother is dead. Everyone, we must travel a longer distance this time. So, each teen morph into your animal spirit first and then sit down on top of the ground with Is Chel. Everyone, huddle together," He sat down and watched each teen turn into their individual animal spirit. Thian said through the voice of the black tinted panther, "We are going to perform a group pop trick and then land down at the Priceville Mountain Range, find that honeycomb hive with the wild honeybees, and kill Satan's Grandmother. Do it, too it!”
Each teen continued to huddle together for the pop trick. Thian shouted out loud from his animal spirit. "One. Two. Three." Each pair of paws, flippers, hoofs, and other animal feet banged together and then the group of teens in animal spirit disguise disappeared from the red tinted dirt on Sand Mountain.
CHAPTER TEN




Same calendar date but a different unknown place and time...

Mountain peak location within the USA
Ice sheets and white tinted snowflakes
Bright sunlight and pale blue sky
Rolling clouds at 22° Fahrenheit


One at a time, an animal ghost form silently dropped down from the cloudy skyline. A black panther landed first on top of the snowy mountain peak with a heavy grunt and stood in place scanning the new environment with puzzlement. A beige otter flopped down on top of the snow and then slid down over a hidden ice sheet as Pele morphed back into her goddess person, slamming into the snow bank without harm.
A gray tinted elephant dropped down from the sky and stood upright in the snow, catching a falling pink flamingo that landed down on his back spine.
The other teens quickly transformed back into a god or a diva.
Pele stood upright with a smile and displayed a pair of Gap designer brand white tinted flared jeans, a Vera Wang designer brand blue and white tinted striped short-sleeved tee shirt, and a Lee brand denim blue jean jacket. Her collar bone wore a Givenchy designer brand lambskin beige colored handbag containing her pair of Prada designer brand tea sunshades, a Jelly designer brand rhinestone electric blue leather band sports wrist watch, and a Blackberry dark colored mobile telephone as her sword. She kicked the snow particles with one of her lavender colored Puma sneakers and smiled at the snow covered mountain peak, “That was a quick trip!”
Nikki stood upright on top of the snow with a smile and quickly changed into a Prada designer brand black colored short dress sliding down a hidden ice sheet on her pair of five inched fashion heels on a pair of Jimmy Choo designer brand wrapped metallic tinted calf-length leather sandals. A Valentino designer brand dark brown colored handle purse housed her three goddess weapons consisting of a DNKY Donna Karen designer brand jeweled, round-faced, turquoise tinted eye goggles, a Bertolucci designer brand stainless steel, round-faced lady sports wrist watch, and an Apple brand mobile telephone from the year 2010.
Thian dashed ahead and reached out, catching the waving forearm on Nikki, pulling her off the ice sheet, cuddling her body. “Whoa there, missy!” He didn’t bother to change his current attire, a pair of dirty faded and ripped blue jeans, the black tinted duster, and the black tinted cowboy hat that protected his teen god body from the ice and the cold elements here on top of the mountain. The duster pockets also held his three god weapons, a pair of Gucci designer brand black tinted, mirror-framed aviator sunglasses, a black tinted Blackberry brand mobile telephone, and a Cartier Santos-Dumont designer brand gold tinted, squared-face, brown colored leather wrist watch.
“Thank, Thian!” She pulled away from Thian and stood alone, pressing down her dress with a smile.
He continued to scan the new environment, “You are very welcome, Nikki.”
“Well, that was very fast and easy.” Mithras appeared and stood beside Thian, wearing a Daniele Alessandrini designer brand leather, black tinted, waist-length sports jacket, a JC de Castelbajac designer brand red and gray tinted hoodie, a pair of Balmain designer brand light blue jeans, and a Preventi of dark brown colored suede tied shoes. The Marc Jacobs duffle bag posed on his collar bone that contained his three god weapons, comprising a D and G designer brand yellow tinted lenses pair of sunshades, a Casio G-shock brand wrist watch, and a pink tinted rose-painted, white porcelain French telephone.
Thian continued to frown at the new environment, “Not yet!”
“What is not yet?” He laughed at the snow on top of the mountain. “The honeybees are a-buzzing.”
Nikki kicked down at the snow with confusion. “I thought the Priceville Mountain Range was comprised of sand and dirt. Why is the mountain range covered in snowflakes and sheets of solid ice?”
Mithras nodded. “A mountain peak does display snow and ice.”
Thian shook his bone skull. “Not here in the US State of Alabama, they don’t. The mountains are not high enough to possess ice, snow, and freezing temperatures.”
Pele appeared and stood in front of Mithras and Thian, scanning the new environment. “Thian is correct. The Alabama mountain peaks do not contain snow for snow skiing or snowboarding. Where are the other teens located at? I cannot find another teen but us”
“I don’t like this new place.” Nikki frowned at the mountain peak.
Thian continued to survey the mountain peak with worry. “Where is my sister Thianne?”
“Where is her boyfriend Marcus? They are always together,” Mithras frowned.
Pele nodded. “Pele asked. “Where is Kuan Yi?”
Nikki frowned. "We should leave this cold place.”
Thian frowned. “No! We need to find the other teens first. They could be on the opposite side of the mountain peak or down the mountain side.”
Mithras nodded in silence, dashed ahead and then stopped, standing on the edge of the cliff, looking down at the valley. “Well, we are standing on top of a mountain peak. I can see a valley of dead trees, grass, and plants below using my god sight.”
Thian continued to stand and shook his bone skull. “Well then, this is becoming a search and rescue mission, instead of a search and conquer social party. The daylights hours are dull and cloudy up here. So, the day isn’t over with yet.”
Mithras turned and sneered at Thian moving ahead from the edge of the cliff. “So, who drove and get us lost here on top of a snowy mountain peak? We are supposed to standing on top of a sandy tan colored warm mountain top within Alabama.”
Nikki sneered back at Mithras, slapping her chest, pointing at the teen. “We all were steering during the animal spirit flight, boy. Did you burp out a rude god command for snow and ice, Mithras?”
Mithras stopped and stood beside Pele, leaning down, sneering at petite Nikki.
Pele nodded with a stern face. "Well, we left out form the burnt farm land in order to find the hidden plant bushes of wild colony of honeybees. A honeybee can travel two miles from its honeycomb hive foraging for food and pollinating all the flowers. However, a honeybee does not fly when the air temperature is colder than fifty-five degrees Fahrenheit. Snowflakes are created when the air temperature is thirty-two degrees Fahrenheit  or freezing like right now and right here on top of this mysterious mountain peak. This is a total bust for us, Thian. We should leave like Nikki suggested and pop back to the schoolhouse. One of the other teens is probably there waiting with the locator point at the Priceville Mountain Range for the correct geographical location."
Particles of snowflakes whisked around the cold air and as the cold air softly whistled around each rock boulder while the four teens debated their fate on top of the mountain peak. A loud growl echoed through the air waves.
Pele gasped in shock and stared at Thian. "Geez! Please tell me that’s a new musical song coming from a new musical group here with us on top of the mountain peak!”
Nikki gasped in alarm and pointed at the edge of the mountain peak. "No! This is something growling on the edge of the cliff. What is that thing? Does anyone know that thing? I don't know that thing. And I don't wanna get to know that thing."
Mithras spun around and stood beside Thian, gasping in alarm at the new creature with them on top of the high mountain peak.
She exhaled with worry and nodded her bone skull at Thian."That wasn't the answer I was seeking." Pele spun around and sneered at the object, a tall white colored snow monster with a pair of orange tinted eyeballs, a set of blue tinted claws on each paw, a set of yellow tinted fangs inside its mouth. The skull was rounded without a pair of ear points or earlobes. She frowned at the object. “Just great for me! When things are going, not so good."
Mithras pointed at the monster with worry, “Do you recognize that thing, Pele? I do not. What is that thing, Pele?”
She nodded "Opposites attract in the worse kind of way, suck like, cat and dogs, hot and cold, Ares and Shango.”
Mithras laughed, “Wrong, Pele! Ares and Thian are the opposite sucking pair of boys, males, men.”
Thian frowned. “I do understand. An opposite doesn’t like each other. What does the opposite statement mean here?”
“I am fire. So, snow is my enemy. I had selected the name of Pele, the goddess of fire. This is the goddess of snow within the Hawaiian folk lore. Her name is Poliahu, who is the arch enemy of fire.”
Thian gasped in alarm and turned with worry to see the nose profile on Pele, “Why do have an arch enemy that is opposite from the diva of fire, Pele?”
She turned and winked at Thian, “Do you have an arch enemy?”
"I don’t.” Thian shook his bone skull.
"That’s good for me, not you, babe!” Mithras chuckled at the snow goddess.
“Snow is cold, pretty, white and fun to play with.” Nikki continued to kick the snow with here designer shoe.
Pele nodded. “That is the element of snow here on Planet Earth. This is the deity of snow with a big bad attitude and a bigger ego. Poliahu, for some reason, has decided to drop down from the cloudy sky and visit us here on top of this strange mountain peak.”
"This is strange." Thian frowned at the snow monster.
"This is weird." Mithras growled back at the snow monster.
Nikki smiled at the snow monster, “Does she sing and dance for us?”
“No.” Pele frowned.
“Does she provide a tray of tea and cookies?”
“No.”
Nikki frowned. “Does she invite trouble?”
"Yes," Pele frowned.
“Stay close to me, Nikki!" Thian bumped into her body and continued to stare at the snow monster.
Mithras frowned. “What do we do, now, Thian?”
“We fight!” Pele pulled out her three goddess weapons and donned the equipment, staring at the snow beast.
He donned his god equipment and stared through the two eye slots down at each one of his weapons. “We glow! The effect from each god and goddess aura is shiny on each weapon while acting a like force field, so we can’t die.”
Nikki frown, “We can die, if one is cut by …”
“Updated then!" Mithras sneered. "We can bruise and bleed, if we get cut on another body part other than that one, Nikki.”
Thian laughed, “I was so afraid that you would say that. Go and attack the snow beast!”
A bombardment of fresh snowflakes covered the air waves. Numerous rolling snow balls dropped down from each stationary rock boulders. Each teen leaped up, jumped over, and landed back down on the snow bank, racing towards the snow beast.
Mithras reached the monster first and stood on the side, slicing his god blade down through the waving white tinted hairy arm on the snow beast. The arm dropped down and disintegrated into numerous tiny flying snowflakes without hitting the ground in silence. He laughed. "That was easy, dude!” Then the cut arm quickly re-generated into ice with a set of sharp pointy blades as four fingers. The snow beast held the hand to her face and then smiled, slamming her new arm down at Mithras. He back stepped from the new arm and ducked down, dodging her sharp finger, yelling out loud. “That was not easy, dude!”
Thian performed a leap up from the snow bank as his duster twirled in the air and landed down on top of the snow slicing his blade into the leg on the snow beast. The beast yelled in pain  and then dropped forward on top of the snow. Thian shouted out loud and stared down at the beaten monster. "Now, that was difficult, man!” On top of the snow, her missing leg quickly grew back into a tree trunk of solid ice with an ice pike as her feet. The snow beast stood upright from the snow without injury and laughed at loud down at the four teen gods and goddesses. Thian quickly back stepped and yelled out loud with disappointment. "Now, that was very difficult, man!”
The snow monster moved ahead and stabbed her new ice pick at Pele. Pele quickly shuffled away from the monster. Then on her new arm, each one of her new ice fingers released out an array of smaller, deadlier ice icicles at Nikki. A couple of ice icicles hit the collar bone on Nikki producing blood. Nikki dropped down to the ice ground and moaned in pain.
Thian spun around with a gasp and dashed to her aid. Pele appeared first and squatted down, pressing both of her pressed heated hands cauterizing the open wound on Nikki. Thian stopped and tore off the fabric tail on his tee shirt, squatting down, wrapping a bandage of loose material around her shoulder and her armpit and tied a bow on the collar bone on her exposed neck.
“Stay with her!” Thian ordered to Pele and swiftly stood upright, turning to .
Mithras slid into the huddle and stared down at Nikki. “That beast is not a true goddess, Pele!”
“You're wrong, Mithras. That's a goddess with goddess powers, ” Pele continued to heal the wounds on Nikki with worry and concern.
Mithras pointed at the monster. “That's a creature or a monster or a beast of the snow and ice, not a goddess of snow or fire or sky.”
Pele removed her hands and rolled her eyelashes, standing upright and turned to face the snow beast, wiggling her two goddess digits. Her goddess power quickly formed and then hurled numerous fireballs coming from her heated hands at the snow beast. The beast melted each one of them like a soft marshmallow that sizzled into a gooey mess in the air waves. Pele yelled out loud with annoyance, “Does anyone have another idea?”
Mithras yelled louder. “Does anyone have another working idea?”
“No!” Pele frowned.
“We need to conference!” Thian sat down on top of the ground looking down the snow. Pele and Mithras joined Thian sitting down beside an semi-conscious Nikki.
Mithras frowned. “What is your plan, Thian?"
He nodded. “Yeah! We go and tag team this beast. Then we drop the snow beauty down at the bottom of the valley.”
Pele frowned. “I’ll…”
“Pele, I want you to stay here with Nikki.” He nodded.
She gasped in alarm and sneered, “No! This is my enemy, not yours. I'm a girl and a goddess and I can fight...”
“Yeah, you’re a fighter," He nodded with a stern face and then smiled. "You’re, also, the protection for Nikki. Mithras and I will go and run pell-mell and then crisscrossing over the snowy ground and in the cloudy sky, before the orange colored eyeballs on the snow monster while confusing the beast and slice off everything. Ain't that right, Mithras?” Mithras nodded in silence. Thian smiled. “Pele will stay right now and lean down heating the ground with your pair of goddess fiery hands preventing the snow beast from advancing on top of the ice sheet and getting to you and an injured Nikki while we fight her backwards. Then she will back pedal off the edge of the cliff.”
Mithras smiled and stood upright from the snow in his god gear. “Like it!”
“Do it, too it!” Thian nodded with a grin and stood upright, spinning around, lifting his sword about his helmet. He raced ahead and yelled while swishing his blade through the cold air waves.
Pele continued to squat and protected Nikki, spinning around, facing the snow monster, rubbing both of her hands, feeling the heat.
Mithras dashed ahead before Thian and then performed a leap up from the ice sheet, flew through the air, coming down and sliced off one arm on the snow beast. Then he sliced the blade through the thick middle of her chest which did not produce colored blood but numerous ice crystals that landed down the snow and on Mithras. Mithras back stepped and yelled out loud from the numerous tiny cuts on his naked tender god skin, sneering at the snow beast.
Thian leaped up from the ice sheet and whipped his blade through the air waves, cutting off her other arm, landing down beside the beast and sliced into her thick snow painted and ice covered body. Both teen gods continued to work on the snow beast while jumping up from the ice sheet and soaring through the air and then dented her ice coated limbs.
Beside Nikki, Pele could feel the intense heat within both of her hands and continued to watch the two teens chop up the snow beast, but they were unsuccessful. The snow beast was sliced and then diced on numerous limbs and then quickly grew back each broken body part with solid ice which was harder to slice through with the blade.
She reached down with a smile and placed both of her heated hands down on top of the ice sheet. The ice sheet swiftly heated and then turned bright red in hue quickly racing ahead of Pele and towards the edge of the cliff while following the layer of snow.
Mithras and Thian took a turn hitting each one of the re-grown back snow limb without cutting off the limb but slowing the body movement on the tall and large snow beast. Each male felt the warm heat and then slipped sideways form the melting ice sheet, leaping up from the gooey snow, hovering the air.
The snow beast continued to dance over the snow and reached out attacking one of the males and then stopped with a gasp, looking down at the heated ice sheet in shock. She looked up with puzzlement and viewed Pele, feeling the warm temperatures underneath her exposed naked feet. She continued to stare and growl at Pele while instinctively pacing backward from the melting snow, slipping sideways also.
Mithras and Thian attacked at the same time and hit each side on the snow beast, cutting and then slashed into her ice coated limbs. The beast continued to fight with her icy limbs and sloshed through the melting snow, slowly moving backwards from the advancing heat wave on the ground and the modern day super heroes. Then the her naked feet hit a pocket of air waves without solid ice or snow or land or dirt and as she screamed out loud in fear. Her large beast body tilted sideways and fell off the cliff, plummeting down into the green tinted valley below into death.
“Dead!” Thian dropped down with a smile and danced over the melting ice with glee.
“Done!” Pele stood upright and bounced up and down on top of the snow bank while celebrating their super hero victory.
Mithras dropped down with a frown and landed down in the melting ice, getting his clothes wet, shouting out loud with happiness, “Dino-mite! We won the fight.”
Nikki felt better after the goddess healing from Pele and then slowly stood upright from the snow, staring at each face with worry, pressing down her wet clothes, “But we are the only ones left up here on the mountain peak. Where are the other teens?”
Mithras did not dance but continued to stand in the melting snow, wearing his wet clothes, removing each god weapon and placed down into the pockets on his sports jacket that was bloody with his golden proteins and tore from the fight with the snow beast, “Ya'll, we did great stuff here. We just defeated Satan’s Grandmother in the disguise of the Hawaiian goddess of snow Poliahu. Now, we don't need to find the honeycomb hive of honeybees or the hidden cavern in Tartarus or the nasty race of Titans. We won it all! So, the other teen gods and goddesses have missed the war battle, especially an arrogant Marcus. But we can relay the victory story over and over again and again, especially in the face of arrogant Marcus, for the rest of the night. So, we can pop right back to the school house building finding the lazy, safe, and sound teens there,” he laughed with Thian and lifted his arm near his smile for the pop trick.
Thian nodded with a grin. "Get ready to pop back to the school!" He removed each god item and stored down into the ripped and tore duster jacket, lifting his arm near his smile wiggling his fingers for the pop trick too.
Nikki removed her goddess weapon and stored into the pockets on her dress, lifting her hand near her smile, nodding to Thian for the pop trick also.
“I feel really funny.” Pele continued to stand and slightly wobbled in the air waves, touching both of her temples with all teen fingers, moaning out loud. “I feel really funny, ya'll.”
A pair of fingers snapped out loud in the cold air waves. Then the four teens performed a pop trick and disappeared from the snowy bank on top of the ice cold mountain peak that was located somewhere within the USA.
CHAPTER ELEVEN






Same calendar date but a different unknown place and time....

Desert location within the USA
Yellow tinted, dry, hard desert setting
Bright sunlight, pale blue sky without clouds
104° Fahrenheit

Shango swiftly landed down on top of the dry ground and raced ahead kicking up a shower of orange tinted dust bunnies in the animal spirit form of a chestnut colored horse for fun, neighing out loud for more fun.
Balder in his animal spirit spidery monkey slowly floated down through the pale blue sky and then landed on top of the racing horse, reaching out and cupped his monkey hand on the reddish chestnut tinted mane of the horse. He rode the back spine on the horse for fun.
Lugh floated down as a yelled humming bird and landed on the back spine of the spidery monkey for fun.
Is Chel as a green tinted grasshopper soared down and landed on top of the hairy bone skull on the monkey for her fun.
Shango skidded to a halt, after feeling the additional weigh of three teens on top of his back spine, kneeling down, dumping off the rude passengers onto the dry ground.
Lugh tumbled off the back spine on the monkey first and then fluttered as the yellow humming bird in the air wave, gently landing down on top of the dirt, wiggling both of his earlobes. He morphed back into a petite teen male god and turned his dirty cowboy outfit into a Jean Paul Gaultier designer brand black tinted wool sweater, a Antonio Marras designer brand pair of dark grey plaid trousers, and a pair of Porsche designer design black and white colored oxford sneakers. A D and G designer brand black colored bag contained his three god weapons consisting of a Motorola beeper, a pair of Oakley designer brand gray tinted sun glares with a set of sculptured ear stems, and an Audemars Piguet designer brand golden tinted, circular-faced, brown colored wrist watch. He scanned the new environment with puzzlement and silence.
Balder raced down the neck muscles and run across the warm orange tinted dirt for fun.
Is Chel as the grasshopper quickly bounced off the hairy bone skull on the monkey and landed down on top of the dusty ground, wiggling a front leg and then transformed back into a tall teen goddess. She wore a Versace designer brand dark blue skirt and a matching suit jacket over a Vivian Westwood designer brand yellow tinted silk blouse, and a pair of Burberry designer brand blue and white colored plaid rain boots which protected her naked toes. A DSquared designer brand pink tinted tote swung off her collar bone containing her three goddess weapons consisting of a pair of Foster Grant designer brand red and white tinted framed eye shields, a dark colored Blackberry mobile telephone, and a 1975 Rebel Lambretta designer wrist watch.
The monkey stopped running through the hard ground with laughter and wiggled its big toe on its right leg while transforming back into a tall teen male god. He wore a Marc Jacobs designer brand white tinted tee shirt with more distressed holes than a true honeybee honeycomb, an Alexander McQueen designer brand black tinted sleeveless vest that touched a pair of Ralph Lauren designer brand walking shorts in beige, pink, purple and honey colored rose-pattern and a pair of yellow tinted beach flip-flops. He swung a Versace designer brand leather brown colored backpack over his tall back spine containing his three god weapons consisting of an Armani designer brand green framed goggles, a dark colored Blackberry mobile telephone, and a Patek Philippe Calatrava designer brand golden tinted, round face, black tinted leather wrist watch.
Shango slowly stood upright as the horse and wiggled his front hoof activating his god powers, morphing back into a tall teen god. He displayed a Perry Ellis designer brand beige tinted cashmere long-sleeved shirt, a pair of Perry Ellis designer brand of orange, red and green tinted striped trousers, a multi-colored Paul Smith designer brand leather belt and a pair of Alden designer brand slippers shoes in dark brown. His hand held a Ferragamo designer brand burgundy colored leather briefcase that was open while searching for his three god weapons. He looked down and frowned at the pair of pink tinted cat-eyed shaped girly Julbo sunglasses with more teenly disgust desiring to re-paint and re-engineer the plastic into a pair of black framed cool aviator sunglasses that Thian wore. But smart Pele had strongly advised against that silly task.
The briefcase also held a Blancpain designer brand sport watch with a black tinted face and a matching leather brand, and a Blackberry mobile telephone in black hue.
Lugh continued to stand in a semi-crooked row with Is Chel, Balder, and Shango and frowned at the new environment. “Where are we?”
The new landscape was a flat piece of property in solid orange tinted dirt, without a grove of trees or a row of low-lying plant bushes or a pod of colorful wildflowers or the nasty smells and loud sounds from the metro city. The sky was painted pale blue without a single cloud in white or black for a rain shower. The sunlight beat down on each teen.
Balder continued to stand and smiled at the new landscape. "We have arrived alive and landed here on top of Priceville Mountain as we all had planned. Now, we just slowly forge ahead and watch for a honeybee flight. A honeybee flies two miles from its honeycomb hive, honey," he laughed. "Once we spot the gang of honeybees, we watch until they fill up their second stomach and then follow the dancing waggle dance back to their permanent mountain home. Their honeybee hive will pinpoint the hidden cavern within the unknown place of Tartarus. Then we wait and give a shout out to Thian."
Is Chel scanned the same new landscape and wore a worried brow. "Where are the other teens? We are only four, instead of thirteen strong."
Shango frowned. "The math number thirteen has proven over and over within world history to signify an unlucky number, anyways. I'm glad that we are the fantastic four gods and goddesses. Look! We are here with our god weapons, so we can face and defeat Satan's Grandmother."
Lugh slowly spun around in a circle and continued to scan the flat landscape without seeing another teen or hearing sounds of wildlife, "Where is Thian and Thianne and Ares and Pele and all the other missing teens, besides us, four?"
Shango frowned down at the dirt. "I just answered that question, foot stool."
Lugh continued. "And this does not look or feel like a mountain peak or a mountain hill or hilltop of a simple hill. Where are we located at?"
Balder exhaled with annoyance and turned to face the western sunlight. "We have landed here and we are here. So, we need to complete our goddess and god duty. Once we find the honeycomb hive, we'll contact Thian and his missing company of gods and goddesses. For the gang of honeybees, the nectar source and the pollen source could vary based on the latitude, region, season, and the type of floral vegetation which might be present here on this mountain peak. We can easily spot a flying gang of honeybees that waggle their dance communication signal back to their worker drones which indicates the direction and the distance of the prime food source," he moved ahead with a smile and padded over the hard ground.
Is Chel turned with worry and moved beside Balder,  “I don’t think so!”
Lugh turned with a smile and slowly padded beside Balder along with Shango in silence.
A few minutes later in the heated sunlight, a faint sound echoed in the air waves. Each teen stopped and scanned the flat plot of land for the new noise.
Lugh cupped both of his palms over his two eyelids, blocking out the sunlight, slowly scanning the landscape with a gasp. He viewed the object. "I see them. I see the noise in front of us by two miles. I see a litter of cute little brown and white tinted puppies. I hear the cute puppy yelping. Awe! It is a litter of cute baby puppies coming to greet us.”
“I don’t think so!” Is Chel stood beside Lugh and cupped both of her palms over her two eyeballs, viewing the same sight with worry.
Shango stood beside Lugh and duplicated the curved palms around his two eyeballs while blocking out the sunlight, using his god eyeballs and viewed the same object. “I see them too. I do believe that is a pack of wild baby wolf pups living on top of a mountain peak."
Is Chel frowned. "I don't think so!"
"Yeah, this is the peak of the mountain top. That's why you can see the valley below." Balder cupped his two palms and viewed the same sight. "Have you ever heard of a pack of mountain cats which are really called a mountain cougar? These are a pack of mountain puppies,” he chuckled with the other teen males.
“I don’t think so!” Is Chel frowned with worry.
A few minutes later, the pack of brown and white tinted puppies appeared closer and continued to race towards the four teens and then stopped, leaning down, smelling each foot on every teen. each teen removed their hands and stood in place watching the puppies with curiosity.
Lugh smiled down at the litter of roaming puppies. "Hey look! The puppies are sniffing my feet. That's so cute!"
Balder frowned down at the puppies. "That's so strange."
"That's so normal. They are smelling the two stinky toes on Balder." Shango laughed.
Lugh squatted down with a smile and reached out, gently patting each puppy. Each puppy continued to wander around without harming the teen god. He frowned. "Ah! I would guess that the pack of puppies are probably hunger. What can they eat up here on the mountain peak? I don't see any game wildlife or fresh plants or ripen fruits or shade trees or dry brush or a pod of dead weeds. There is nothing up her for the pack of puppies to eat." 
Balder looked up and frowned at the flat dirt. “And I do not see a single honeybee or a group of dancing honeybees or an active honeycomb hive or a single flower with soft petals for a hungry honeybee. Something is wrong here.”
Is Chel nodded with worry. “I do not either. I agree with Balder. Something is wrong here. We need to move ahead and try and find Thian and his lost teens, before the sun sets.”
Shango looked down with a sneer at the pack of puppies, smelling his shoes, wigging his middle finger on his right hand. A shower of tiny white tinted hail balls dropped down and landed on top of each puppy.
Lugh gasped in alarm and leaned down over covering some of the puppies with both of his hands. "What! What are doing over there, Shango? You're harming the puppies.”
Shango laughed and watched the hail storm. “I am at that. I'm sending the little pups back to their mama for some warm milk and tons of dog biscuits.” Each hail ball thumped down on every hairy bone skull on each puppy. Every puppy continued to roam around and wag its tail at the four teens without harm or alarm.
“Stop it, Shango! You’re hurting them! Ouch!” Lugh gasped in pain and pulled back his bitten finger from one of the active puppies, dripping out with his golden tinted blood down on the orange tinted dirt. Each puppy surrounded Lugh and wagged its tail, leaning down, licking up each one of the spilled golden blood drop proteins.
Balder looked down and frowned at each puppy that endured the tiny hail storm. “Funny! The puppies are not bleeding or crying or dying within my eyesight, after every thump on the head with that tiny hail ball.”
Is Chel looked down and frowned a each puppy, “Should each puppy die from the hail ball, Shango?”
Balder frowned, “They should be doing something either bleeding or yelping or biting or growling at Shango,” he reached out and grabbed the collar bone on Lugh, jerking the small male god from the circle of puppies, back stepping from the new threat. "Look at that! Each puppy is transforming into an angry adult wolf."
Each puppy licked up a tiny drop of the golden god blood and then swiftly transformed into a solid white colored adult wolf, looking up with a growl and a tongue of black tinted salvia at each teen.
The teens quickly back stepped from the new enemy and formed a protective huddle, standing against each other's back spine, quickly donning their three supernatural weapons from their one supernatural parent and other human parent. Shango shouted out loud. "Fight! Fight! Fight!" The first wolf attacked with its fangs and a loud growl at Shango. He easily chopped the wolf in half with his god sword. The wolf morphed into an air-borne fireball in orange and green hue, slowly sizzling with noise, and drifting away from Sango with the light breeze.
The other puppies morphed into a gang of adult wolves and then leaped up from the dirt and attacked the circle of teens. Each teen sliced and then diced the fur, the flesh, and the ear points on each mammal, killing the entire pack. Individual piles of colorful ashes stood on top of the orange tinted soil or the air waves that was slowly drifting away from the huddle of teens with the breeze.
Lugh removed the helmet and held a pair of sunglasses, smiling down at the group of dead wolves. "Each wolf has turned into a pile of colored ashes.”
Balder did not remove his helmet but scooted around the dirt, searching for any live wolves, calling out to the teens. "All clear!”
“All dead!” Shango laughed out loud and pointed down at the individual piles of colorful ashes. "We won the battle. Ya'll, we have just killed Satan's Grandmother in the disguise of a litter of cute wolf puppies that quickly morphed into a pack of wild animals. Yay!"
Lugh spun around and gasped in shock at Shango, "Did we, four really kill Satan's Grandmother? Is that really true, Shango?"
Is Chel frowned down at the drifting ashes. "I don't think so!"
Balder spun around and returned back to the huddle, removing his helmet, holding a pair of sunglass and stood in front of Shango. "This teenly victory was too easy and too fast against a powerful Grandmother without the rest of the teen gods and goddesses."
Shango laughed out loud and removed each one of his god weapons, placing each item back down into the pockets on his sports coat. "Who else attacked us? We are teens without an enemy but Satan's Grandmother. And we are only, only four, not thirteen. So, we had been the chosen teens. And we chose to defeat Satan's Grandmother. This is done and gone. Let's get back to the school house and tell the others. The rest of the teens are lounging back at the school house building with food and drink. We need to get back home and tell them the grand news. We are safe and sound." He spun around with a smile and tossed both of his arms in the air, nodding to each teen, dropping both of his arms and slapped his legs. He lifted up his arm and nodded to each teen. "Get ready for the pop trick back to the school house! We get to brag about killing Satan's Grandmother to the teens."
"And we will finally get to see our parents for the first time," Balder nodded with a smile and removed the rest of his god weapons, placing inside the pockets on his walking shorts. He stopped and lifted up his arm for the pop trick back to the school house building.
Is Chel spun around and gasped in shock, removing all of her goddess weapons, placing each object down into the pockets on her business suit jacket, "I wanna see my mom and my dad. Which one is the diva or the god?" She lifted her hand for the pop trick back to the school house building.
Lugh danced side to side with happiness. "I wanna see my mom and my dad." 
A pair of fingers snapped out loud in the heated air waves. Then the four teens performed a pop trick and disappeared from the dry hard soil on the flat orange tinted desert that was located somewhere within the USA.
CHAPTER TWELVE




Same calendar date but a different unknown place and time...

Meadow valley location within USA
Colorful wildflowers setting
Bright sunlight at 68° Fahrenheit
Pale blue sky with swirling clouds

Marcus tumbled down from the clear sky into a somersault for drama and then stood upright in the air waves with flare, slowly landing down on top of the grassy meadow field with laughter as a golden tinted lion pawing his face from the fluttering loose set of flower petals.
Thianne slowly dropped down from the pale blue sky and landed beside the lion as a white tinted cat. They both wiggled their individual body parts and morphed back into a teen god and goddess.
He wiggled his hand and displayed on his body a Ralph Lauren designer brand black tinted pinned striped business suit with a long-sleeved white tinted dress shirt, a silver tinted long necktie and a jacket pocket handkerchief and a pair of Gucci designer brand dress shoes in black leather. The hidden pocket inside the suit contained his three god weapons consisting of an Oris BC4 Flight stainless steel wrist watch, a pair of Ray-Ban Wayfarers plastic framed black tinted sunglasses, and a black tinted Blackberry mobile telephone. He reached down into the suit jacket and pulled out a Blackberry mobile telephone, wiggling the devise within his fighting hand into his god sword, holding his other hand out for Thianne.
Thianne wiggled her index finger on her right hand displaying an Old Navy designer brand pink and white colored long-sleeved blouse, a pair of Gucci designer brand skinny pink tinted jeans, a pair of Valentino white tinted fashion pumps. A Zagliani designer brand grey tinted handbag on her collar bone contained her three goddess weapons consisting of a pair of Balenciaga rounded fashion spectacles, an 1840 French-made solid gold, diamond, and turquoise wrist watch, and a dark colored Blackberry mobile telephone. She extended her free and held his hand with a smile of love.
Kuan Yi slowly floated down from the sky and landed down on four paws as a red colored canine dog in a field of yellow, pink, red, orange, and white flowers, wiggling her front paw and transformed back into a tall female goddess. She displayed a school girl type blue and silver plaid NYC designer brand blouse and skirt. Her neck was wrapped with a Gucci designer brand purple and white tinted silk scarf. Her feet displayed a pair of Castaner designer brand red tinted rope-tied leather platform shoes. On her collar bone, a Lanvin leopard-print handbag contained her three goddess weapons, a 2009 Apple mobile telephone, a pair of Kenneth Cole designer brand black tinted wraparound sunglasses, and a Bedat & Company rose-gold tinted wrist watch with diamonds on the face.
Dainichi popped down on top of the flowers and then squeezed out the fumes of the sweet petal dust, wearing a body of Bulgari jewels around each limb, every earlobes, and her hair roots. She displayed a Dolce & Gabbana designer brand beige colored dress with red roses, purple violets, and yellow sunflowers covering the silk  and a pair of Versace red tinted fashion sandals. A Vivian Westwood designer brand bowtie purse in hot pink, violet, peach and red leather rested in her cupped hand. The purse contained her three goddess weapons containing a pair of designer sunglasses, a popular mobile telephone, and an expensive designer wrist watch.
Thianne quickly scanned the new landscape with a smile and then frowned with worry. “Where is Thian and Pele and Shango and the rest of the missing teens?”
Marcus scanned the same landscape and sneered with worry. “Our present situation smells like a setup to me.”
Dainichi continued to stand and smiled at the new environment. "We stand here and watch the honeybee flight. A honeybee flies two miles from its honeybee hive. Then we follow the flying group of honeybees and find the hidden cave. The end!"
Kuan Yi moved ahead and slowly scanned the new landscape, kicking the flower petals from her feet, polluting the air wave with colorful flower dust. She stopped and gasped in alarm, pointing in the western horizon. "Look over here! I see a fortress. This is the place. This is it. This is the location of her house, her house, the fortress of Satan’s Grandmother.”
Marcus continued to hold Thianne's hand and slowly moved them ahead, stopping beside Kuan Yi, laughing at the new sight. “We got her now.”
Dainichi turned with a smile and padded towards the line of teens stopping and stared at the fortress in the far distance, “I do believe that she has got us.”
“Do it, too it!” He moved ahead with a smile through the thick rows of tall flowers in silence.
A few minutes later, the row of teens had barely moved through ten feet of thick stalks of flowers.
Is Chel looked down and continued to kick another tall stalk from her foot. "What flower is this?"
"These are poppies in red and yellow and blue, "Dainichi laughed and continued to slowly move through the thick field of flowers.
Marcus laughed out loud and reached down, grabbing a handful of flowers, handing to his girl Thianne. "The flowers are tulips in red and yellow, not blue hue. Tip toe through the flowers next with me, darling!” He sung and smiled at his girl.
“Aw! Thank you, Ares.” Thianne accepted and cuddled the bouquet of flowers, slowly moving ahead through the meadow.
Kuan Yi frowned down at the row of red and yellow tulips. “I hope this strange place does not contain sleeping potion from the bulbs of each floor. We do need to be cautious here.”
Dainichi laughed. “I do believe each bulb contains poisonous poison.”
“That's a nonsense statement, Dainichi! Continue to move forward and attack the fortress of Satan's Grandmother.” Marcus continued to slowly plow through the thick and higher stalks of flowers.
She rubbed both of her eye sockets and smiled at the back spine on Marcus. “And I do believe that I feel so very sleepy from the flower bulbs.”
He spun around and growled at the lazy girl, “Keep moving ahead and forward towards the medieval fortress, Dainichi. And do not disappear from the field either. We need all god and goddess hands for the fight with Satan's Grandmother,” Marcus lifted up and pointed the tip on his god sword at Dainichi.
She dropped both of her hands and formed a pair of claws with her sharp fingernails near her sneer. “Do not boss me around, teenager!”
“I'll do the bossing around here, Dainichi.” Thianne continued to move ahead and puffed with annoyance at the lazy goddess. “We all work together and attack the fortress defending each other, goddess Dainichi. Or you can face me later!”
Dainichi sneered. “O! I get it now. This is the Land of Magic!”
Marcus slapped his chest and nodded with a smile. “Yeah, babe! I'm the king wizard.”
“O! I get it now. You're the mean lizard," She laughed.
“Shut up, Dainichi!” Ares ordered as they moved and crossed the field toward the structure.
Kuan Yi halted with a gasp and looked down into the rows of thick flowers, “Stop!”
"Why are we stopping? What is it now?" Marcus stopped with a sour frown and spun around staring at Kuan Yi.
She continued to stand and stared down into the rows of stalks, looking at each floor. "Did you feel it?"
Thianne spun around and frowned at Kuan Yi also. "No! I feel nothing."
She continued to stand and stared down into the flowers. "Did you hear it?"
Dainichi stopped with a smile, "No. I see nothing."
Marcus frowned. “What are you looking at, Kuan Yi?”
Kuan Yi continued to stand and stared down at the flowers. “The flowers are moving around my feet.”
Thianne frowned. “The movement is called a light wind breeze or a light gust of wind. We are standing on top of a mountain peak.”
She frowned down at the flowers. "But the movement goes in both directions...
"...like the wind, the earth soil, the sky clouds, and the rain drops, babe! Are you finished wasting our time, girl?"
"Ares!" Thianne screamed out loud and then leaped up from the ground, hovering in the air, pointing down at the flowers with worry.
He stood in place among the rows of flower stalks and looked down with a smile. "Hmm! I see it. I feel it. I hear it! Okay. This is especially unnatural here."
"O really! All of this is all unnatural here. A flat grassy meadow only filled with tall red tinted tulips and an iron made castle in the middle of a flower meadow. None of this makes any sense to me or to you or to her or to them!” Kuan Yi hovered in the air a few feet from Thianne.
He stabbed the tip of the god sword down into the slithering object. "Okay! Come on down, Thianne! It is only a snake. This is a coral snake which is harmless and only eats the bugs.” Marcus lifted up the sword with the dead snake and flung the dead body through the air waves with laughter. "There! I scared it."
Thianne continued to hover in the air and stared down at the snake. "The snake is dead, Ares.”
He snickered. “O! I guess I had killed it. Poor snake!”
“Poor me!” Kuan Yi frowned down at the snake and slowly dropped down from the air, landing down among the rows of alternating yellow and red colored tulips. She was a goddess, not a flying witch and could not travel by the air waves.
Marcus spun around with a stern face and pointed the tip of his sword in the far distance at the single standing object. “Okay! The terror has been identified. The snakes live here and are harmless to us. So, we venture ahead and go towards that royal medieval king or queen or prince or princess castle which is our final travel destination. Do it, too it!” He moved ahead and continued to feel, touch, and hear the slithering noises and a set of wild hissing sounds. He liked to kill and maim only dangerous life forms like Satan’s Grandmother, not a nest of useful snakes. He chuckled and stepped over each slithering snakes. “More snakes approacheth to thee!” 
Kuan Yi leaped up from the ground and then bounced back down without hitting a snake, jumping back up into the sky, shouting out loud. “I think it’s time to get rid of all of the snakes.”
Thianne gasped in alarm and continued to leap up and down through the rows of flowers without landing on top of a snake. She was a goddess, not a flying witch. “How can you do that, Kuan Yi?”
Kuan Yi hovered in the air waves and then landed down in the flowers, without hitting a snake, slapping her chest with a nod, “I’m the diva of mercy too. So, using my awesome goddess science skill, I will toss a pail of water on the snakes. Then all the snakes will return back home to their bedrooms leaving us alone.”
Thianne landed down without hitting a snake and studied the ground. "How are you going to do that, Kuan Yi? I do not see or feel a body of water among the rows of flowers. Where will you get the water?”
She reached down and jerked up one of the flower stalks, breaking the stem, sprinkling the tiny droplets of fresh water from the plant down on top of the snake. "Each flower stalk is made of water, minerals, and other plant stuff. The water will come from this first stalk and then the next stalk and then another stalk."
Dainichi continued to move through the flower stalks on top of the ground and tried to stomp on each snake, but missed the slithering reptile while sneering at the back spine on the teen. She whipped out her goddess sword and swished the blade through the air waves for fun, shuffling closer at the back spine on Kuan Yi. “I do believe that the snakes are desiring something thicker. I do believe that blood is thicker than water as they say." She leaned over and scraped the tip of her sword against the Gucci designer brand purple and white tinted silk scarf, cutting off the fabric, slicing into the naked flesh on the nape of Kuan Yi.
Kuan Yi screamed in pain and spun around to see Dainichi, reaching up for her neck wound, dropping tiny ounces of her golden tinted goddess blood proteins in the air that landed down on each flower petal and every slithering snake.
Dainichi dropped her goddess sword down on the ground and tossed both of her arms in the air, laughing at the wounded goddess. "O! I am so sorry. Did I do that?" Then she performed a goddess vanishing talent and disappeared from the row of flowers.
Kuan Yi continued to scream in pain and flung out more of her dripping golden tinted blood proteins in the air waves. On the ground in-between the stalks of flower stems, one of the snakes licked up the goddess blood and then instantly transformed into a gigantic dragon, standing upright on top of the flowers, squashing the pretty flowers and stared down at Marcus.
He leaped up from the ground of flowers and stared into the smoking nose holes on a purple tinted dragon, “Not cool, woo-man!” He reared back and punched his fist into the smoking two nose holes and then stabbed the tip on his god sword into the pumping heart on the nasty dragon. The dragon immediately puffed into a gigantic fireball of blazing dark blue and pink hues drifting up into the clouds.
More of the slithering snakes stopped and licked up the delicious golden tinted goddess blood and then immediately morphed into a gigantic dragon, standing on top of the flowers, staring down at each teen as a new meal. 
Thianne gasped in shock and scanned the meadow of flowers. “Where did Dainichi go?”
“Forget about her! Kill all the snakes first and then go and kill goddess Dainichi.” Kuan Yi stood in place and donned her three goddess weapons, still dripping blood from her cut neck muscles while growling at the gigantic light green dragon that stood in front of her hair roots.
Thianne leaped up from the ground and started slicing her blade through the air waves while cutting into any body part on two dragons, one of yellow hue and another one in orange hue. She eventually killed each one while getting burned on her cheekbone and her arm. Each dragon turned into an individual fireball in the colors of pink and green hue, sizzling the ashes in the air, drifting over the top of the tulips.
Each teen continued to race through the flowers or soar through the air waves, slowly ripping and then shredding each limb off a new dragon until the goddess blood had been absorbed down into the ground. The dragons were destroyed. Each teen dropped down in exhaustion and landed on a set of sore muscles, covered in their body sweat and some green tinted dragon blood. 
A pair of fingers snapped out loud that echoed among the air waves. Then the three teens quickly disappeared from the meadow of red and yellow tulips.
CHAPTER THIRTEEN




Same calendar date but a different unknown place and time

Iron-coated fortress location
White tinted sands with stones and scrub bushes setting
Bright sunlight at 61° Fahrenheit
Pale blue sky with white tinted clouds

Thian, Pele, Mithras, and Nikki dropped down through the rolls of white tinted clouds among the pale blue sky and then landed hard on a ground of soft white tinted sand grains that contained scattered pieces of hard white tinted, smooth pebble stones which displayed the length and width of a package of bread and did not serve a purpose. Scattered rows of short, squatty light green colored scrub bushes dotted the sandy ground and did not serve any purpose and beauty. For miles as far as the supernatural eyeballs could see, only flat sands with embedded stones and scattered bushes. In the far distance from the line of teen gods and goddesses, an iron coated fortress stood alone against the blue sky and additional miles of flat sand.
Pele sat upright on both of her kneecaps and stared at the new structure with annoyance. “I think we just got teleported.”
“I think we just got tricked.” Thian sat down on top of the sand and slammed both fist down into the soft soil with angry.
“I think we just got trapped.” Mithras slowly stood upright from the sand and scanned the new environment feeling both worry and angry.
“Thian!” Thianne appeared several feet behind the row of four teens and slowly stood upright from the sand grains while waving and yelling at her brother. She raced ahead beside Marcus and Kuna Yi and stopped standing in line with Thian, Pele, Mithras and Nikki wile staring at the strange rusty iron-coated fortress with mystery.
“Wow! This is a really weird place.” Thian stood beside Marcus and Kuan Yi and stared at the iron-coated fortress with puzzlement.
“This is really weird everything.” Marcus wiped his lips with the dragon blood onto his hand and then his business jacket, staring at the fortress.
“What do you think now?”
Marcus laughed. “I think Me and Company are about to do some bad god and goddess warrior fighting before the sun set on this weird day.” Thian nodded and chuckled while staring at the fortress of iron.
A two-story fortress was covered in rusty iron ore without a single window but numerous and evenly space row of matching three-feet long rusty iron ore pikes from the sandy foundation up towards the rooftop level standing alone without forest or other structures on top of a gray tinted limestone flattened rock boulder that was below on the soil surrounded by a flowing creek of black tinted water, where numerous light yellow tinted alligators lounged around sunning on top of the white sands courtyard that also held a line of sleeping pack of adult white tinted wolves and individually spaced and coiled hissing red tinted snakes. There wasn't a visible entrance door to enter the fortress either.
“Not natives here!” Thian frowned at the new site.
“Not neighbors, either!” Marcus chuckled. The other teens appeared and formed a huddle around Thian and Marcus while staring in silence at the fortress.
On top of the rooftop, a tall slender woman with red skin waved both of her arms in the air and shouted out loud to her new visitors. “Ah! Did each one of you enjoy playing with all of my little pets?” The huddle of teens looked up and gasped in alarm at the presence of a new life form slowly scooting sideways, forming a semi-crooked line starting with tall, blonde haired Mithras, Kuan Yi, Thian, Marcus, Thianne, Pele, Balder, Nikki, Shango, and Lugh.
Shango frowned at the strange woman on top of the fortress. "What is she?”
Pele pointed at the female and nodded with a stern face, “That's called a Boo Hag.”
“What’s a Boo Hag?” Nikki frowned at the strange female.
Mithras pointed at the woman and laughed out loud, “Her! She's a called a Boo Hag!”
Pele nodded. “A Boo Hag is a creature in folklore myth coming from the South Carolina culture which is also known as the Hag with the capital letter of H.”
“You’re joking, aren't you joking with us, Pele?” Lugh frowned at the woman.
"A Boo Hag is described a life form in the color of red without external skin tissue. She steals the breath from her victim, instead of blood proteins in order to maintain her beauty and her powers. Thus, A Boo Hag needs a constant supply of victims to remain beautiful and powerful.”
Marcus laughed. “That Boo Hag is one ugly dudette with her red skin-less and body-less and form-less and thing-less image.”
Pele nodded. “A Boo Hag is similar to a vampire. Unlike a vampire, a Boo Hag gains sustenance from a person’s breath or breathing or air molecules as opposed to sucking out the person's blood protein.”
Thian frowned. “Now, we know the identity of Satan’s Grandmother.”
On top of the rooftop of the fortress, the Boo Hag spoke in a female voice that echoed throughout the pale blue sky and over the white tinted sand grains to each teen. “What do we have here! I do believe that I see a champion, a poet, a hero, a craftsman, a sorcerer, a historian, a harpist, a swordsman, a smith and a wright.”
The limestone rock boulder popped out loud and then grew sideways surrounding the row of teen gods and goddess. On top of rock, a row of individual characters appeared and stood in place wearing a specific costume, such like, a Roman legionary, a Mongol archer, a Chinese crossbowman, a British Redcoat soldier, a USA fighter pilot, a Native American Indian brave, and a German pansy tank gunner, and an African dart shooter.
Is Chel turned with a sour frown and surveyed each new person on top of the limestone rock boulder. “Now, I know how Sheriff Wyatt Earp felt at the O.K. Corral…”
“…and Billy, the Kid.” Lugh frowned at the new row of persons.
Shango laughed at the row of new persons. “Billy, the Kid wasn’t…”
“Shut up, Shango!” Thian frowned at the new limestone rock boulder that boxed the teens inside an arena like a war game
Thianne frowned at the rock structure and the new cast of characters, “Well, we’re surrounded.”
“...just like Billy, the Kid.” Lugh nodded with a stern face.
Nikki crossed her arms and frowned at row f new enemies, “What do we do now or next or at the moment?”
Lugh pointed to each new person. “One. Two Three, Four. Five. Six. Seven. Eight.”
Balder laughed, “Lugh can count out loud.”
“There are eight of them and eleven of us.”
Mithras laughed. “There are ten and one-fourth of us. A foot stool is part of the living room set.”
“You gods!” Kuan Yi laughed at the funny joke and the serious situation.
“This is not the time or place for your un-witting humorous remarks, Kuan Yi.” Is Chel frowned at the row of new enemies.
Marcus pointed at each new person. “These aren’t a row of FREGS, GREGS, and JANES. They’re god and goddesses. Look closer, Pele!”
Pele surveyed each person, “You gods, Marcus is right. They represent gods and goddesses of death to be precise.”
Kuan Yi nodded at each one calling out the god or goddess name. “Mbomba is the god of death within the Africa pantheon. Donn is the Celtic god of death. Kuan Ti is the Chinese god of death. Kanaloa is the Hawaiian death god …”
Thianne frowned at each death god or goddess. “We get the bleak picture of death, Kuan Yi. Thanks!”
“No thanks is the response here!” Shango laughed.
“Well, I do believe that it is time to leave.” Lugh smiled.
Marcus swished his god sword with laughter, “I do believe that it is time to fight.”
Balder laughed. “I want my mommy and daddy.”
“Holy snot!” Lugh frowned.
“Dang it!” Thian frowned.
“Heck fire!” Is Chel frowned.
Pele exhaled with worry and shook her curls. "However, the problem here you cannot kill a god or goddess of death. They reside within a special class of supernatural beings as they are already dead.”
Mithras laughed. “O! They have already advanced to the head of the class way above the head of the god or goddess.”
Is Chel laughed. “Well, it depends on the angle of the blow with their axe or their hatch or their sword.”
Pele frowned. “You gods, pay attention here!”
Lugh snickered. “Well then, let's go and negotiation with the ‘dead’ heads for our permanent survival.” A roll of loud thunder rumbled within the clear blue sky.
Pele smiled. “And the god and goddess of death do not like jokes or jerks, Lugh.”
Balder frowned. “Are they here as a set of contract killers for Satan's Grandmother, Kuan Yi?”
Lugh announced. “You kill a god by cut …”
Shango sneered. “Shut up, footstool!”
Pele shook her curls. “No! They are not a set of contract killers that work for Satan's Grandmother. They represent a troop of unique adventure scouts.”
Shango frowned. “Hold my spit, Pele!”
Thian continued to scan the limestone wall with each death god and goddess. “I don't understand. Explain that statement to me, Pele!”
Pele explained. “They stick to their own clan. They were more popular when every pantheon was destroying each other which were eons ago.”
Marcus smiled. “O! I see. They are the balanced system like a check and balance system within the universe, after the chaos erupts and then ends. So, the death gods and goddesses are allied with Satan’s Grandmother for the final war battle with us.”
Pele frowned. “No! They are not friends or foes to any one deity or one super being or one pantheon.”
Lugh laughed. “Pele means they suck out the power of the dying god or goddess, before it expires. The body is sent to the Hades for the rest of their non-god and goddess days.”
Nikki frowned. “Yucko, Lugh!"
He smiled. “O! They are here to suck out our blood that opens the gates of Tartarus.”
Mithras sneered. “Think, footstool! We’re not an adult god or goddess at eighteen years old. We're still teenagers. So, I suspect our earlier fights and then deaths with herds of FREGS, GREGS and JANES had called out to them. So, the deather god and goddesses are here to watch and enjoy new teeny show.”
Kuan Yi frowned. “What new teenly show?”
“They are here to watch her dramatic show with us!” Pele pointed with a stern face at the Boo Hag.
Mithras frowned, “I want my mommy and daddy.”
Lugh frowned. “Holy snot!”
“Heck fire!” Is Chel frowned.
Nikki frowned at the Boo Hag, “What do we do now or next or at this moment?”
“We bluff our way through the show, without fighting or shedding blood proteins.” Thian nodded with a stern face and stomped forward and then halted, seeing a silver tinted streak through the air waves that came from the hand on the Boo Hag. Each pair of eyeballs watched the flying streak and then turned to see the intended object.
A long spear in silver hue materialized inside his left hand. Due to the heavy weight on the object, Lugh dropped the spear down the sand grains, staring down at the object in silence.
On top of the flat second level of the fortress, the Boo Hag danced side to side and called out through the air waves, “Champion Lugh is the bright one with the strong hand.”
“O no!” Pele stared at Lugh and gasped in shock, dashing ahead, surrounding short Lugh. The other teens joined Pele and stared down at the spear in the white sand grains.
Balder stared with confusion at Lugh. “I don't understand. What’s does that spear mean, footstool?” Lugh continued to stare down at the fallen spear in silence. Balder turned and frowned at Pele. “What does the spear mean, Pele?”
Pele scooted around and stood in front of Lugh sharing the new information. “The word, Lugh, comes from the Celtic language and means 'left hand' that represents the skill of a god with a spear or a sling that had been used to defeat the opposing leader of the Fomorian at the Battle of Magh Tuireadh.”
Kuan Yi gasped in alarm. “So, the Boo Hag wants our teen god who is named Lugh to fight against her or her soldiers.”
“Is Lugh really a warrior?” Nikki frowned at Lugh.
Pele nodded. “No! Lugh had won the bet from the folklore Celtic story.”
On top of the flat rooftop, the Boo Hag continued to dance and shouted out loud from the top of the fortress at Lugh. “Let’s see how strong the boy is.”
Thian frowned at the Boo Hag. “Translation, please!”
Shango pointed down at the sands. “Hey, en guard, Lugh! Reach down and grab the spear!”
Lugh did not grab the spear but turned to ask Pele. “Am I supposed to fight and then win the battle?”
On top of the flat rooftop, the Boo Hag continued to dance and taunted Lugh. “I’ll give you a head start, Champion. If you make it into my fortress, then you will survived the test.”
“Can you do this thing?” Marcus stared down at Lugh with worry and then looked up to see the Boo Hag with annoyance.
Lugh looked down at the spear and whispered with fear and doubt. “I don’t know.”
On top of the rooftop, the Boo Hag laughed. “What’s all this babbling about, young champion Lugh?”
Pele pondered the answer within her brain cells and smiled down at the hair roots on Lugh. “Lugh, do not do anything!”
“Thanks, Pele.” Lugh continued to stare down at the spear and exhaled with relief while feeling terror at the moment.
“Why not, Pele?” Thian frowned at Pele.
Pele thumbed back over her collar bone at the Boo Hag and nodded with a smile to each face. “The Boo Hag told us the answer. This is a riddle.”
“No! This is not a riddle.” Kuan Yi frowned at Pele.
She nodded with a grin. “Kuan Yi is correct. This is not a riddle but an ancient story.”
“This is a challenge for the champion Lugh.” She nodded.
Thian frowned. “What is the challenge for Lugh? I do not understand. Please clarify, goddesses!”
Pele waved both of her arms in the air and nodded with a smile. “The real god Lugh traveled to a castle with people who represented a smith, a champion, a swordsman, a harpist, a hero, a poet and a historian, a sorcerer, and a craftsman.”
“The Boo Hag told us that information during her introduction.” Shango nodded.
“So, we figure out who plays the each role and then we win the mental game.” Pele smiled.
“That’s so simple for us! How does this mental game work, Pele?” Thian nodded.
“Among our group of teens, who is the poet like it is stated in Celtic story with Champion Lugh?” Pele scanned each teen with a grin.
Nikki stood inside the chest on Balder and reached down, smoothing his skin with her soft hand. “Balder, he likes to riddle. So, Balder is our poet among the group of teens.”
“Balder, it is.” Thian concluded.
“Among the group of teens, who is the hero in the Celtic story?” Pele nodded.
Mithras looked up both of his arms in the air and nodded with a smile. “Hands up and down, the answer is Ares, the teen god of war,” he dropped both hands and clapped with the rest of the teens.
"Thanks, Mithras!" Marcus nodded with a smile.
Pele nodded. “Who would become the craftsman within the Celtic story?”
Balder nodded with a smile. “Thian, he is the tool guy with all of his garden and construction tools.”
“Who is the sorcerer among our teens that fits into the ancient Celtic story?”
Is Chel pointed with a nod to Shango. “Shango and all of his colored powdery poisons, he is our sorcerer.”
Pele nodded. “Who would become the historian among out teens in the ancient Celtic story?”
Marcus smiled. “Pele and her smart brain cells, she is the historian with her facts of history.”
“Kuan Yi could also be the historian too." Thianne smiled.
“Not me!” Kuan Yi shook her head and slapped her chest. She had another idea of her role but decided to wait until Pele had finished going through the questions.
“Who is the harpist among the teens?” Pele nodded.
Nikki slapped her chest and smiled at Pele. “I am. I can play the piano, the drums and the flute.”
Shango smiled. “Nikki is the talented musician that fits the role of the harpist among the teens.”
“Who would become the swordsman among the teens?” Pele nodded.
Balder reached over and slapped the back spine on the tall teen, “Our solider god is Mithras.”
Pele nodded. “Who would become a smith among the teens?”
Nikki frowned. “What is a smith? Is that the last name for someone? No one here has the last name of Smith.”
Thian smiled, “A long time ago, the black smith make shoes for the horses. So, the answer is Thianne and her horses. She is the smith here within the Celtic story.”
Pele smiled. "Who will become the wright among the teens without the Celtic story?”
Thian frowned. “I don’t understand the question.”
Shango pointed at the teen goddess, “Well, Kuan Yi is only teen left without a title among the Celtic story.”
Mithras frowned. “No! Is Chel does not have a title among the Celtic story either.”
“Forget it! The Boo Hag is not taking no other teen without going through me first.” Ares placed the wrist watch over his arm as the body shield emerged and held his god sword in his fighting hand beside his girl Thianne. If he was supposed to become the hero of the Celtic story, then everyone was going to win and live to see the sun rise, except for Satan’s Grandmother.
“Right, bro!” Shango nodded.
“Correct, man.” Mithras nodded.
“Point, dude!” Balder nodded.
Thian frowned at Pele. “We have assigned each role within the Celtic story to one teen. What is the next step here, Pele?”
Pele nodded.“If my ancient memory served, the champion entered the fortress for rest and drink.”
Nikki nodded. “Does Lugh win the battle?”
She nodded. “The real Lugh won the contest and all of his companions were admitted safe and sound for the night there inside the castle.”
Is Chel nodded. “That's good ending with a great plan!”
Pele nodded. “The Boo Hag wants us the play with the same challenge with her as the hostess.”
“The hostess with the mostess.” Shango laughed.
“The hostess with most mess-up mentality.” Balder sneered.
“Right, Balder!”
“How do we start this physical or mental game, Pele?” Thian asked.
Lugh looked up and shouted at the Boo Hag feeling fear, terror, and defeat. “I don’t wanna play your silly game, you old witch.”
On top of the rooftop second level, the Boo Hag held her empty hand out. Lugh slowly lifted up from the sands and twirled upside down staring at the Boo Hag. “You will play my game one way or another way, Champion.” She twisted her hand upright. Lugh slowly became upright pose and then replaced back down on top of the soil.
“Okay...” Lugh croaked in defeat and stared down at the spear.
The Boo Hag greeted with a toothless smile. “Should we begin the game, Champion Lugh!”
Pele spun around and frowned at the Boo Hag. “Let’s…”
Kuan Yi moved ahead and grabbed the forearm on Pele, standing beside the teen, saying into her cheekbone and stared at the Boo Hag. “No, Pele! The wright is like a play writer in today’s society. The wright didn’t write back. In the sixth and seventh centuries AD, a group of Irish monks transcribed Celtic history and laws and legends into books which was known as the Ulser Cycle. The Celts culture is an ancient Indo-European people who had influenced other peoples during fourth century BC…”
Shango sneered at the Boo Hag. “Enough with ancient history, Kuan Yi!”
“This is very important, Shango.” Kuan Yi exhaled with worry and continued to stare at the Boo Hag while talking to Pele. “By third century BC, their history disintegrated with Julius Caesar’s conquest of the city of Gaul eroding the written history.”
“I’m waiting here.” The Boo Hag sneered at the teens.
“The surviving written forms of medieval times posed problems of interpretation for modern scientists. Therefore, most of the inscriptions and scripts are spoken in ancient languages and are only used within the western periphery of Europe, such like, Ireland, Scotland, Wales and Brittany. Which means the wright is a narrator that tells the story.”
Nikki smiled.“That's excellent, Kuan Yi! Kuan Yi is the wright within the Celtic story.”
Balder frowned. “And Is Chel is …”
"Protected!” Marcus slapped his chest and shouted out loud, "I’m the hero. Do ya'll remember that?”
“Way to go, hero!” Thianne smiled.
“Do it, too it!” Thian nodded.
Kuan Yi reached over and grabbed the forearm on Balder dragging him from the crowd and then stopped standing a few feet in front of the huddle of teens. She and Balder faced the iron fortress and the Boo Hag. Kuan Yi spoke with a loud and clear voice to the Boo Hag. “Poet, you can provide all of us a riddle right now.”
Balder stared at the Boo Hag and stuttered with worry. “Uh!”
She leaned over and whispered into his collar bone as she was shorter than the taller teen. “Balder, tell the Boo Hag a riddle.”
“What riddle?”
"Any riddle will do, man!” Marcus quickly shuffled ahead and stopped behind Balder offering support and backup. Marcus was the hero in the Celtic story.
“Don’t think! Just say what comes out your mouth!” She stood upright and smiled at the Boo Hag.
Balder stood upright and smiled with laughter at the Boo Hag. “I see you! You see me! Show me what I really see!”
She faked a smile but felt disappointment, whispering back to Balder, “Ugh! Is that the best you got, Balder?”
He frowned. “Well, on short notice, it is.”
“Stay cool, Kuan Yi!” Marcus scooted around the two teens and stood beside Kuan Yi watching the Boo Hag on top of the fortress rooftop.
“The poet speaketh.” The Boo Hag shouted out loud and as her body spun around quickly transforming from a tall red tinted, skinless body into Granny Hanover.
Granny halted in front of the teens with loud laughter and swayed back and forth on her five feet and five inches tall frame, smoothing a new S-Sung beige silk dress which contained pictures of little red apples, stroking a hand-crafted beaded necklace made of black and yellow hand-painted bumblebees with her left hand. She smiled. "Boo-hoo!" Granny laughed again.
From the huddle of teens, Pele gasped in shock, dashed away from the huddle of teens, and stopped in the line with Balder, Kuan Yi, and Marcus, waving both of her arms in the air, shouting out loud in shock. “Granny Hanover, are you’re Satan’s Grandmother in disguise?”
“Satan’s Grandmother is a vocal expression for an awesome adversary.” She nodded with laughter back to Pele and the other teens.
“Satan's Grandmother is an un-awesomely adversary.” Marcus sneered and whipped his god sword side to side in angry.
“Marcus!” Pele gasped in alarm and sneered back at Marcus.
Granny smiled. “The historian speaketh.”
Pele leaned over and whispered into the collar bone on Balder. “Go ahead and speak another riddle, Poet.”
Kuan Yi gasped in alarm and reached out grabbing the arm on Balder and Marcus. “No! Step back! Back up! Get back with the other teens! Each player role only orders one command.” She released the individual limb on the two teens and spun around, kneeling down in the sand, looking at Lugh. “Everyone, huddle together!” The other teens knelt down and surrounded Lugh, starting at Kuan Yi. Marcus, Balder, and Pele knelt beside Kuan Yi and stared at the other teens in silence.
Kuan Yi exhaled with worry and calmed her heavy heart slightly nodding to each face. “Each player role is part of Celtic play and is only allowed to voice but single one sentence or command or perform one single solo physical act. So, the Celtic play has used and abused the poet and the historian..."
"What!" Shango gasped in shock. "Who's the historian? I don't remember. What did the historian did or said? I didn't recall or remember. Did the historian said something bad or wrong?"
She sneered at Shango. “Do you remember that you are the sorcerer within the Celtic story?"
"Yeah!" he frowned.
She continued to sneer. "Good! You're the sorcerer within the Celtic story. That's all you need to know at the moment! Now, we need to continue the plan and defeat Granny or Satan's Grandmother or the Boo Hag or whatever or whoever she really is."
Nikki frowned. "What is the old or current or new or past plan? No one make that plan clear to me!"
"Who is the historian? I'm the soldier within the Celtic story." Mithras smiled at Kuan Yi.
Pele slapped her chest with a sour frown. "I am. I did. I'm the historian."
Lugh gasped in alarm and stared at Pele. "What did you say as the historian, Pele? I didn't caught your historical words. And I do not know the current or modern or new or future plan either, Kuan Yi?"
Kuan Yi sneered and slapped her chest, dropping her hand back down into the soft sands. "Back to me! The point with the Celtic story, each role player receives the opportunity to use their new god or goddess power and defeat the Boo Hag first. Each role player is trapped inside the story until the Boo Hag is dead or terminated or gone..."
"Then allow me to take a whack at her next. Then she's done and toasted," Marcus laughed out loud and shuffled side to side, trying to stand upright without whipping his god sword around the air waves and the other teens.
"No!" She reached out and grabbed the forearm on Marcus, sneering into his face, winking at Marcus. Kuan Yi returned back and smiled at each face. "The Celtic story is written where only one role player defeats the Boo Hag. We did not know that role player as we play an interactive mind and body game here right now. So, we continue to play within the story and present each role player that uses their talents and tries to defeat the Boo Hag. One of us is the key here and will defeat her."
Mithras frowned. "Then what? What happens about we defeat Granny? Does she really die?"
Nikki sneered at the Boo Hag. "I really hope so."
Thianne frowned at the Boo Hag. "So, all these years, there at the school house building, a Boo Hag has been teaching us magic tricks and treats, since we were young. Why didn't she just kill us back them?"
"She tried, too, Sis!" Thian laughed.
"She almost succeeded too." Balder laughed.
"She had succeeded with some." Pele frowned.
Is Chel nodded. "The school house building had been built and protected by the greater magic powers of Zeus. A Boo Hag cannot override or overthrow or overrule the greatest god in the universe. Each baby god and goddess enters into the Fosterage Ritual, whether our parents agree or not. Thus, we are all here. And each teen god and goddess graduates from the Fosterage Ritual, whether we agree or not. Thus, we are all here." She laughed with the others.
Lugh gasped in shock. "So, are you saying this is our graduation present?"
Shango sneered. "This is our graduation test from the Fosterage Ritual. Thus, you are a god or goddess. Congratulations!" The other teens laughed.
Kuan Yi smiled. “Shango, you're next. Go and do your thing against the Boo Hag!”
"Yeah!" Shango slowly stood upright from the sands with a stern face and reached down into the pocket on his business suit, selecting a mixture of green, yellow and blue powders in an open palm, dropping mouth spit down on the potions. He slowly mixed the contents and then halted a safe distance of several feet ahead of the teens without affecting one of their sinuses or bodies.
Behind Shango, the other teens did not stand but stared at Granny on top of the rooftop in silence.
Shango reared back and then tossed his fighting arm forward, releasing the powder mixture from his cupped hand, hitting the Boo Hag in both intense fury and accuracy. He stood in place and watched with anticipation. The other teens jumped up from the sands and danced in the air, landing back down on the grains, dashing ahead and surrounded Shango.
On top of the rooftop, Granny continued to pose in place and was covered in sparkling mixture of red, green, and blue from head to toe. Then her body started to change and grow in a huge two hundred foot tree with thousands of limb branches containing trillions of green tinted tree leaves.
On top of the sands, Shango continued to stare at Granny and leaned over, whispering down to Pele, who stood beside his body. “Uh! Was that supposed to happen to Granny?”
Pele gasped in shock at the significant transformation of Granny into a tall tree. "I don’t know.”
“Good job, Shango! The Boo Hag has transformed from her original state of female body. Now, we need to continue the plan.” Kuan Yi spun around with a smile and sat down on the sands. "Everyone, huddle, right here and right now!"
“Really? I really did that. Yeah, I really did that,” Shango smiled at the tall tree that did not speak or groan or shout with Granny's voice but gently swayed sideways within the light breeze. He spun around with laughter and viewed the happy teens while hearing all of the happy cheers for his outstanding god performance. He halted with a nod within the group of teens and received numerous congratulatory handshakes, back slaps and some wet sisterly kisses on each one of his cheekbones.
Kuan Yi barged through the group with a smile and performed a back slap on Shango with a nod of happiness also motioning with both of hands to sit down on top of the white tinted sands. Each teen sit down and slowly silenced with voice while staring at Kuan Yi for the next command. She grinned at each face. "Congratulations, Shango! That was an excellent job! Now, we must continue the storyline. Who wants to be the next role player and wand their magic at the tall tree?”
“The harpist will do her next goddess trick,” Nikki nodded with a smile to Kuan Yi wearing her bloody shoulder bandage from the encounter with Hawaiian goddess of snow and then slowly stood upright from the group of teens, moving ahead towards the tall tree and then halted beside a scrub brush. She squatted down and fiddled with the sand placing three smooth stones side by side and several inches apart, reaching out and plucked off two thick bush stems. She quickly fashioned the two bush stems into a pair of musical drum sticks. She begin pounding on top of each rock producing a weird beat of musical rhythm.
On top of the iron-coated fortress, the tall tree violently jerked side to side among the light breeze and started to shrink in size the louder Nikki pounded each one of the smooth stones. By the time her two drum sticks disintegrated into nothingness, Granny Hanover was a four feet tall in height and was displayed as a stick body figure. 
Her stick body displayed two tan colored twigs as her two short arms; two tan colored twigs as her two short hands with only two wooden fingers. Each naked leg and foot was made of a single twig with two wooden toes on each foot. Her head was an acorn shell in dark brown with an individual fruit blue berry that represented each eye socket on her face. A row of dark green colored tree leaves formed her two parted lips. Long lush vines of light green hue displayed her hair. And numerous colored individual soft flower petals formed a dress on the stick body, so the stick body was not indecent.
Granny Hanover looked down at her new short stick body and yelled out loud in surprise. “No!” She bounced side to side in fury, angry, and worry at the group of teen gods and goddesses.
On top of the sands, Nikki tossed away each stub from the worn down drum sticks and slowly stood upright from the sands, spinning around with a smile, thumbing back over her collar bone at Granny Hanover. The other teens stood upright from the sands and bounced up and down in happy celebrations. Nikki dashed ahead with a grin and leaped from the sands into the arms of Balder. He captured his girl Nikki and kissed her face over and over again.
Mithras wiggled his booty sideways and slowly descended down to the sand, shouting out loud. “Help me! I’m melting.” He laughed with the other teens and stared at stick woman Granny.
Pele stopped bounced on top of the sands and sneered at the stick woman, “Does any smart god or goddess carry around a wooden stick match for starting a small fireball?”
Thianne pointed at Granny. “Okay! I give up! Is Granny a stick woman or stick man or a stick person?”
Shango extended both of his arms in the air and started to wobble sideways for fun while imitating the stick woman on top of the fortress laughing out loud. “Tree limbs for arms and legs and tree leaves for hair and fruit berries for eyes and flowers for clothes and vines for hair and leaves for hands and feet.”
Is Chel continued to dance and laughed out loud at the stick woman, “I see a disaster of nature.”
Thian did not dance but sneered at the stick woman, “I see a reject of nature.”
Lugh jumped up and down on top of the sandy ground and jabbed a finger at modified Granny while laughing out loud with happiness. “Who is it? What is it? Where is it? That’s all I want to know.”
Marcus continued to stand and smiled at the stick woman. “We’re winning the competition. If we answer the challenge, then we can enter the fortress and finish her off, killing the Boo Hag and saving our planet. Yay!”
Kuan Yi celebrated for a short period of time and then halted on top of the sands, staring at the stick woman, nodding with a smile. “I do believe that Marcus has provided the correct plan. Everyone, sit down and huddle again! We are getting close to defending Satan's Grandmother and her evil ways.” Each teen stopped dancing around and formed a new circle beside Kuan Yi, listening to the next command. Kuan Yi exhaled with worry. "All right! We're doing a great job, so far. But we're not finished yet. The Celtic story uses and abuses a champion, a poet, a hero, a craftsman, a sorcerer, a historian, a harpist, a swordsman, a smith and a wright. So far, we have used and abused the champion, the wright, the poet, the historian, the harpist, and the sorcerer. So far, Granny Hanover is a tiny tree bush. Thus, we must choose wisely here for the next role player to finish her off or finish more of her wooden stick body down into a wooden stave and then we can rip it apart with our sword tip or burn it in the sunlight. We have the following role players left consisting of the hero...”
"Ares, he goes last here within the storyline," Thian nodded with a stern face to Marcus.
"I concur." Kuan Yi nodded. "The swordsman..."
"Ares and Mithras both represent our set of best swordsmen and should be paired for the final attack on Granny whether here on top of the sands or there on top of the fortress." Shango nodded to each face.
"I agree with Shango." Kuan Yi nodded. "The smith...”
"Naw!" Marcus cuddled his girl Thianne and shook his bone skull. “No! Thianne stays out of this Celtic challenge.”
Pele gasped in alarm and stared at Marcus, “She can’t. Thianne is the smith and is part of the Celtic story like you, Ares. She must compete as one of the role players and then try to vanquish Granny. Who is your goddess talent as the smith, Thianne?”
Thianne gasped in alarm. "I..."
"I am left and the next. I'm the craftsman. This is it! This is my god shining moment of something," Thian slapped his chest and winked at his sister while protecting her and laughing out loud.
"Go for it, craftsman!" Kuan Yi nodded with approval.
"Good luck, Thian!" Shango smiled.
"Go and get her, craftsman!" Balder smiled.
On top of the rooftop, the four feet stick woman shuffled ahead and stopped on the edge of the surface, standing in-between the pike mounts, staring at the group of teens. She shouted out loud. “The swordsman approacheth.”
On top of the sands inside the teen huddle, Is Chel gasped in shock. “O no! It would seem that godly executive decision has been made for us.”
Marcus looked up and sneered at the stick woman. “I don’t like this.”
Nikki turned and frowned at Mithras. “What are you going to do, Mithras?”
“Win!” Mithras continued to squat and turned his face, mouth spitting down on the sands, slowly standing upright with a sneer, staring at Granny. He slowly moved away from the teens without fear towards Granny and donned his three pieces of god weapons, wearing his black tinted god helmet to protect his face, whipping his god sword through the air waves, and blocking his upper body with his god shield.
On top of the rooftop, Granny continued to stand on the edge and waved both of her short wooden her hands with two wooden finger side to side laughing out loud. A loud buzzing sound bombarded every pair of god and goddess eardrums and the quiet air waves. She smiled and shouted out loud. “Ah! Meet my new pets, Swordsman!” The skyline became covered in partially black hue with yellow spot as the swarm of black and yellow tinted bumblebees approached the group of teens. Each teen gasped in shock and started back pedaling from the invading forces, stumbling over each other, donning each one of their magical weapons for protection.
Two hundred feet on top of the sands in front of the swordsman, Mithras stopped with a gasp and stared at the newly created and stationary tall two hundred feet tree with numerous coming from the magic of Granny, studying the new challenge with his awesome teen male god intellect. He performed a god leap from the sands and flew through the air waves, landing down on one f the numerous tree limbs that easily held his manly weight. He folded his waistline and slowly tipped toed ahead over the sturdy tree branch towards a gigantic bumblebee hive that was built and hidden in-between the rich dark green tinted tree leaves and then halted a few feet from the hive.
He raised his god sword with both of his cupped palms on the hilt high over his god helmet and then dropped down both of his arms, grunting out loud, slicing through the knot of thick forest vines that held upright the bumblebee hive on the upper tree limb. As the massive ball of entwined tree twigs slowly departed from its hold and then rapidly descended down towards the next tree branch, Mithras sneered with angry at Granny and flipped his sword in the air, catching the blade with both of his naked hands, producing golden tinted god blood proteins on the blade, both of his hands, and in the air waves that landed down the tree limb and the white tinted sands.
Mithras reared back the sword and pitched the thick hilt at the falling hive, slamming the center of the hive and propelled the ball through the tree limb, targeting Granny Hanover on top of the rooftop of the fortress. The gigantic tan colored bumblebee hive landed on precisely on top of Granny Hanover and then squashed her four feet delicate stick body down into a flat circle loose tan colored twigs. Each one of her twig limbs, her fruit pieces, and green tinted vines ripped out and flew into a different direction from her crumbling body.
On top of the white tinted sands, a huddle of other scared teens with their god gear, Shango stood upright from the group first and tossed both of his arms with his shield and sword into the air while laughing out loud at the funny accident on Granny Hanover, shouting out loud with victory. “Who-hoo!”
Thian stood upright from the sands and lifted his god sword up in the air yelling out loud with delight, viewing Granny Hanover. “All right!”
“Good show, man!” Marcus continued to stand in place and protect his girl Thianne without whisking around his god weapons while smiling at a flattened Granny on top of the rooftop.
Lugh slowly stood upright from the sands and continued to wear his three god weapons, gasping at the flattened Granny, “Holy snot!”
Is Chel smiled. “Dang it! That boy is good, great, outstanding!” She stood upright from the sands and started to remove each one of her goddess weapons, still smiling at the circle of loose twigs which used to be Granny Hanover.
Kuan Yi stood upright with a smile and bounced up and down, shouting out loud with happiness, waving all of her goddess weapons in the air. “We win! We win! We win!” 
“I love you, bro!” Balder stood upright from the sands and removed all of his god weapons, cheering with laughter for his god friend Mithras. 
On top of the sands, the tall tree quickly disappeared. Mithras dropped down with a gasp and then flew through the air landing in front of the celebrating group of teens, watching the show with amusement.
Each teen removed each one of their god or goddess weapons and stored each item back down in a pocket on their body, hugging each other, kissing each other and then dancing around each other while singing out loud the victory play.
Shango danced around the group and sung out loud from his rich baritone. “Dingie. Dongie. The stick is dead.”
Pele danced around the teens and sung out loud in her alto timber with glee. “You mean, the mean old stick ...”
“… is really dead...dead...dead...dead...dead...” Nikki danced with her boyfriend Balder and sung out loud the fun words.
“Yay!” The teens shouted out loud in unison. Clapping and hooting bombarded the air waves.
Shango continued to dance and sing with a smile. “Dingie. Dongie. The mean old stick is dead.” The teens continued to sing and dance with each other on top of the sandy ground.
“The craftsman approacheth.” On top of the rooftop, in the bright sunlight, the voice from Granny Hanover shouted out loud. Each teen halted their dance steps with a gasp of panic, spun around with a worried brow and stared at the new stick figure.
The new figure on Granny displayed a pair of stationary pink tinted wild roses and a six-foot tall stick body composed of climbing alive and buzzing hive of yellow and black tinted bumblebees. She continued to stand and stroked a new live bumblebee necklace with her two-fingered twig wooden hand and smoothed a new hair bun of light green tinted twisted flower vines with other the right twig wooden fingers. She parted a straight line of bright red tinted individual flower petals in the form of a wicked smile.
Among the teens, leader Thian exhaled with annoyance and then strutted ahead with a stern face and with his goddess friend Kuan Yi, facing Granny, shouting out loud in angry and fury. He slapped his chest and then pointed at her, stopping several feet from the huddle of teens. “I am the craftsman. Hey, evil lady! Tell us your malicious story first!”
On the rooftop, Granny Hanover in wooden stick form gasped in alarm and then sneered at the group of teens, releasing her bumblebee necklace, jabbing a finger in the sky, “I'm tired of the entire race of humans always shitting down on my turf.” She dropped her hand and stroked the neckline again.
Among the group of standing and alert teens, Balder busted with laughter and pointed at Granny. The other teens turned and sneered at their god friend. He continued to laugh. “Look! You gotta admit that’s the funniest punch line I ever heard within my seventeen years, eleven months and twenty eight days coming from a really bad and wicked villain girl.”
Thian returned back and jabbed a finger at Granny. “That's a good reason to be mad but not a good justification to release the nasty race of Titans and created World War Three here on the planet.”
She chuckled. “The craftsman speaketh.” A row of loud thunder roared among the healthy clouds among the clear day.
Kuan Yi frowned and voiced to Granny as the role of wright. “So, tell us! Where do you fit into our universe?” The woman was still a mystery. The stick woman wasn’t Satan’s Grandmother or Granny Hanover, but someone else.
She sneered. “When a god or a goddess baby is birthed from the mother's womb, his or her mouth is filled with disgusting womb saliva. The baby spits out that nasty womb mucus down on the grass coughing out loud to clear his or her blocked throat passage for breathing in fresh air while surviving the birth process.”
Kuan Yi smiled and slapped her chest. “Ditto! That's me and him and her and them and they behind my butthole, Stick Woman.”
Granny slapped her chest as some of the bumblebees flew from her stick body flying off in the air waves. She sneered down at each arrogant teen god and goddess. “I am that womb mouth spit that comes from each baby god and goddess.”
“Aw-wee!” Mithras laughed out loud and smiled at the Stick Woman.
Is Chel frowned and stared at Granny, “Yucko!”
“Heck fire!” Balder frowned at the Stick Woman.
“Dang it!” Marcus frowned in grossness and stared at Granny.
“Holy snot!” Lugh frowned at Granny.
“Gross!” Nikki shouted out loud in disguise at the Stick Woman.
Thian frowned with confusion and revolt. “Really! Were you really created from the mouth vomit of each birthed baby god and goddess?”
Granny grinned. “Ditto!”
Mithras continued to stare at Granny and frowned in worry. “Dude, we're in some serious trouble.”
She sneered at each teen god and goddess. “The hero of the story, Deva Marcus approacheth.”
On the line of teens, god Lugh leaned over and viewed Marcus laughing out loud, “The craftsman speaketh.” Granny called you an armchair, man, Ares.”
Marcus turned and spat down his salvia on his god sword lifting the blade in front of his face, sneering back at Granny for the final act of the play. “Get behind me, foot stool!” He slowly moved ahead without donning his other god weapons while growled at Granny.
The rest of the teens slowly removed each one of their god or goddess weapons from the pocket while staring at Granny on the rooftop. This was the fight with the supernatural villain outside the Celtic story. The Celtic story had given Granny time to evaluate each teen.
On the teen line, god Shango continued to stand and slowly pulled out the mobile telephone for the upcoming fight with the villain, looking up at the crooked lines of yellow tinted lightning bolts that smeared the pale blue sky in confusion. “Hey, ya'll! What’s up with that light show in the sky? Where are the rolls of roaring thunder with the stream of nasty black tinted storm clouds?” Each teen looked up and studied each crooked bolt of lightning that raced across the pale blue sky with a gasp of worry and a pinch of curiosity also.
Several feet from the line of teens, Kuan Yi continued to stand beside Thian and then lowered her goddess sword, watching the pretty show, smiling at the event. “Within the Chinese mythology, the world of Creation had been brought out of Chaos. God Hu is the north sea and Goddess Shu is the south sea. Both of the names represent the word, lightning. When a lightning bolt falls down on top of Chaos, life is created.”
Balder continued to stand beside Nikki and Is Chel, frowning at the silent and weird lighting storm in the bright sky. “I still don’t get it.”
On the rooftop, Granny laughed out loud and stared at each teen god and goddess. “Chaos is Chun. Light is lightning. When the two intersect, it is a death, not a life.”
Kuan Yi gasped in alarm and looked down, studying Granny as the stick woman. “That’s! That's my real name. She said my real name. My real name is Chun.”
Thian gasped in alarm and didn't pick up on the exclamation, leaning over, whispering into the cheekbone on Chun/Kuan Yi. "Yes, Chun is your real name. Ignore Granny. She’s talking out loud for her fun and to annoy us, Chun. Don't listen to her!”
She slowly moved ahead and studied Granny with mystery and confusion. “But! That's my real name. My name is Chun. My parents had named me that when I was born from creation. I am creation.”
Thian gasped in worry and smiled at Granny, talking at the back spine on Kuan Yi, “Granny is referring the legend of life, not you personally, Kuan Yi.” Marcus stopped and stood beside Thian while sneering at Granny, whipping his god sword through the air and killed the air current.
Chun/Kuan Yi continued to pace away from Thian and Marcus studying Granny. "But! That's my name. My name means Creation, not Chaos. Why is she twisting the words around? What is her evil plan here?"
Granny continued to stand on top of fortress and smiled at each teen. “You are alive and breathing fresh air into your flesh and blood body. You are life. What is the opposite of life?”
Chun/Kuan Yi halted several feet from the other teens and shouted out loud at Granny. “Death!”
Among the pale blue sky, a single yellow tinted lightning bolt twirled in set of geometric patterns coming from the western skyline as a single white tinted lightning bolt swirled sideways coming from the eastern side. Then the two ends on each bolt intersected in a large fireball of yellow, pink, and orange colors creating one gigantic bolt. The single bolt of orange, pink, and yellow hue swiftly turned downwards in the sky plummeting down to the ground at the hair roots on Kuan Yi.
On the line of teens, Is Chel continued to stand and gasped in alarm. “I get it. I got it. I got this one!” She performed a goddess leap from the white stands and flew through the air, landing beside Kuan Yi, shoving her goddess friend to the side. The single orange, pink, and yellow tinted lightning bolt hit down and sliced off the right foot on Is Chel and then burning all of the human flesh, knocking the teen body down on top of the ground. The biological girly human body was completely charred in ugly black hue with tiny streams of white tinted smoke drifting off each separate piece, an intact lumpy body and the single severed foot, where the lightning bolt had killed the teen goddess by dicing through the vital god or goddess body part.
“Touché!” Granny cheered and clapped with glee as each live bumblebee flew off her shaky body and buzzed in the air waves.
“Josefina!” Marcus screamed in worry and dashed ahead towards a ground Is Chel in fear.
Kuan Yi rolled to the side without getting upright and stared at the lump of black girly human flesh, blood, and bones, crying in sadness, shouting out loud. She jabbed a finger at the lumpy body on Is Chel. “Is Chel saved my life. Why did Is Chel do that? I am alive. Is Chel is dead. Why did she do that? Why am I alive? Why is she dead? What happened? Why did this happen?” She continued to lie on the sands and cried in sorrow and sadness for her goddess friend.
Marcus slid down over the sands and stopped beside the charred body, jerking off each one of his god weapons. Each weapon morphed back into the original item. He didn't touch the charred body but stared down into the smoke and ashes with sadness and heartbreak, “No! Not you, too, Is Chel! I was supposed to save you in the storyline. I am the hero.”
The line of teens raced ahead and slowly removed each one of their god or goddess weapons dashing to Marcus and dead Is Chel. Thianne halted in fear and shouted out loud. “Ares!”
“Josefina is dead.” Ares whispered for his eardrum only. He was the hero of the story. He was supposed to save her goddess teen life. He had failed in his god duty.
“Strike three!” Granny Hanover appeared with a smile and stood behind a kneeled Ares, reaching down with twig-made hand, wiggling her twig-made finger.
“No!” Thianne started running with worry and shouted out loud to Marcus.
Marcus sensed Granny and performed a backwards roll from danger, jumping up from the sands, slowly back pedaling from Granny. He reached out and gathered each one of his god weapons, slapping them into place, moving backwards to the other teens. The other teens halted and formed a line of defense growling at Granny.
Thianne jiggled each one of her goddess weapons without wearing one and stood in-between Marcus and Thian while staring with angry and worry at Granny.
Marcus held his god sword and held his god shield in front of his body turning inside the god helmet viewing his girl Thianne. She disappeared before his eyes. He yelled out loud in worry, “What in the hell?” He returned back and viewed Granny. She was gone from the sands also.
On top of the fortress, six-foot tall in stick form with numerous buzzing bumblebees, Granny Hanover appeared and stood on the edge of the roof. Thianne stood several feet from Granny and was levitated from the rooftop in the air waves and tied in a rope of live bumblebees that were not stinging the goddess. Granny smiled down at Marcus. “Ah! I have your love, is that not correct, teen god Marcus? Well, she is safe and sound for the moment with your persona nicely cooperation.”
On top of the white stands, Marcus sneered back at Granny, “Give Thianne back to me, right now, stick girl!” He raced ahead with the other teens around the embedded stones and rows of light green scrub bushes and then stopped in front of the flowing creek. The creek contained lounging yellow tinted alligator, sleeping packs of red tinted wolves, and stretched out orange tinted snakes. Then each beastie awaken and stood upright hissing or growling at the crooked line of teen gods and goddesses. Each snake coiled into a fighting pose also.
Marcus did not move but pointed the tip of his god sword at Granny, sneering out loud. “I’m building a fire with you as the kindle, witch.”
On the rooftop, Granny laughed. “The marked god…”
He gasped in work, “Stick girl, we don’t know any of the marked gods or goddesses.”
“I do know.” She turned and laughed at Thianne.
“She’s lying.” Pele gasped in alarm.
His heart dropped down into his teen toes with a heavy thud and as Marcus stared at his girl. Thianne was one of the marked goddesses. Granny Hanover had captured Thianne for the golden tinted blood and will kill her, before Thianne turned eighteen years old. Then goddess Thianne would become nothingness.
Marcus turned and stared at Thian through the eye slots on the god helmet. He didn’t need his telepathy to read the open mind on Thian. Thian turned and nodded to Marcus signaling the same intense murderous killing mental thought on Granny Hanover.
Thian returned back and removed all of his god weapons, slapping his chest, tossing both of his arms in the air. He shouted at Granny. “Take me! I’m her brother. We possess the same golden tinted god blood. We are the same.”
“Foolish, boy-god! I do not want you or her, but there the marked one among you.” Granny sneered.
Kuan Yi stood among the huddle and jabbed the tip on her goddess sword at Granny. “You lie, cheat, steal and suck, Granny. You don’t know any of the marked gods or goddesses either. So, if we don't know, then you don't know. Thian, Granny does not know the answer either.”
Thian continued to stand and worried for his sister, staring at Granny, “How do you know that she does not know, Kuan Yi?”
Lugh spun around and pointed his finger at Kuan Yi, “She knows that because she is the spy among the teens.”
Mithras reached down and shoved Lugh backwards. Lugh dropped down on the sands. Mithras sneered. “Shut up, foot stool!”
Granny laughed. “I have two of the three marked teens. I only one more …”
Kuan Yi gasped in alarm. “Do not listen to her! She lies and cheats. She does not have any thing.”
Balder jabbed the tip of his god sword at Granny and sneered out loud in fury. “Granny is bluffing. She does not know the marked gods or goddesses. No one knows that.”
Pele jabbed the tip of her goddess sword at Granny and shouted out loud. “Listen to me, teens! Transcendentalism takes every tissue fiber, nerve ending, and blood vein from a god or goddess while leaving nothingness in the air waves and outer space. Our three friends Kruti, Isis, and Is Chel are truly gone. Granny doesn’t have anything else to bargain with. She is bluffing for the same information that we are trying to find also, the cave of Tartarus.”
Thian gasped in alarm and understood the warming. The other teens did not want to fight with Granny for the safety of Thianne. “Granny is holding my sister Thianne. This no bluff.”
Nikki turned and scanned the huddle of teens. “Where is the location of teen goddess Dainichi? I have not seen her for hours. Is she hurt? Is she here with us?”
Marcus laughed out loud with the brief humorous moment. “She fell asleep in the tulips!”
“Teen goddess Dainichi is truly dead.” Granny laughed out loud. Each teen gasped in shock.
Nikki continued to stand beside Balder for love and started to sob inside her goddess helmet. “Dainichi, another goddess teen has transcended as well.”
Shango sneered at Granny. “Stick Girl gets nothing here. We call her bluff and then fight to the death. Yeah!”
Thian felt worried and fear for his sister. “No! Not with Thianne, we don’t fight with Granny right now.” If he could perform a god leap from the sands over the flowing creek, each growling beastie, through the mounted spiked to his sister, Thian would aim perfectly and cut Granny Hanover into a yard of flower munch with his god sword. Thus he would end the teen supernatural battle and save his twin sister.
Mithras nodded at Granny. “I believe the words of Kuna Yi. Granny wants something, so we give Granny what she wants.”
Lugh spun around and tossed both of his arms in the air as he was not wearing his body shield or his sword, smiling at each face, “I know what she wants. Granny wants another teen to test. That's what's she wants. So, who wants to volunteer before I get killed here?”
Balder reached over and shoved Lugh down to the sands, aiming the tip of his sword at the nose bridge on Lugh. Lugh yelped in worry. Balder sneered. "Sit down and shut up, foot stool!"
Shango looked around the cliff and shouted out loud in worry. “We’re surrounded by the gods and goddesses of death. We got no other choices here. What do we do now?”
“If she wants another teen god to test, then we call her bluff.” Marcus flung his god sword, helmet, and body shield down to the ground, slapping his chest, tossing his arms in the air. “Take me, witch!”
Granny laughed at Marcus. “Ah! The little war god is indeed brave, bold, and bossy.”
“No!” Thianne cried out loud and continued to struggle within the bumblebee rope. Then her body disappeared from the rooftop and re-appeared in front of Marcus.
Marcus dropped both of his arms and wrapped them around Thianne, hugging her body, kissing her soft lips with all his love and passion for his princess. Then he disappeared within her wrapped arms into nothingness.
Thianne screamed in worry and hugged her torso, dropping down in the soft sands, missing his warm body. She shouted out loud with concern. “No! No! No!” She looked up and viewed the rooftop seeing both Granny and Marcus. “Marcus! Marcus! Marcus!” Then Granny and Marcus disappeared off the rooftop into nothingness. The fortress vanished along with the hissing alligators and snakes, and growling wolves, leaving miles of white tinted sands with numerous embedded smooth stones and scattered rows of light green scrub bushes underneath a pale blue sky. 
Pele gasped in shock at the changed environment and the missing Marcus. “This was a trap for us,” she started to remove her three goddess weapons and stored each one back down in the pocket. 
Shango frowned at the changed environment and started to remove his god weapons also. “This was a trick for us.”
Kuan Yi scanned the changed scenery also and started to remove his goddess weapons. “This is not a trick. Josefina is dead and Marcus is captured. That means, Marcus is one of the three marked gods or goddesses.”
Lugh sat on top of the sands and frowned at each teen without wearing his three god weapons that were safely stored in his pockets. “That is not true, Kuan Yi. We don’t have any hard evidence of the marked gods or goddesses and neither does she.”
Thianne continued to sit on top of the sands and stare down at the sands. “Gaia would know who each marked god and goddess.”
Nikki moved ahead and removed her goddess weapons, sitting down a few feet from Thianne. "Who is Gaia, Thianne?”
Thian gasped in alarm and stared at his sister with worry and angry. "Do you know what you speak, Thianne?"
Thianne looked up and nodded to her brother. "Yes, I know what I speak. Gaia is the goddess of Planet Earth. She is also called Mother Nature, because she runs all the natural forestlands and woodlands and rivers and streams and earth soil and animals and insects and reptiles, to boot." 
Lugh continued to lounge on top of the sands and frowned at Thianne, “Mother Nature was calling herself, Satan’s Grandmother. That's impossible. I’m not convinced of any of this mess. There is another logical explanation here.”
Thian slowly nodded and lectured to the other teens. "Gaia is the mother of life. She is called the goddess, Mother Earth. She is also the mother of the race of Titans. She resides within a pantheon all alone which is called Terra. The word terra means earth. Unlike the other gods and goddesses, Mother Earth possesses property. Her property line extends from the edge of the outer space stars, all over the earth soil, including the mountains and valleys and seas and oceans, going all the down into the depths of Tartarus."
Shango gasped in alarm. "Does Gaia really know the secret location of Tartarus?"
He nodded. "She knows, because she was birthed there, after the creation of the world."
"What!" Mithras frowned in surprise.
"No!" Lugh yelled in fear.
Nikki frowned. "Why is goddess Gaia or mentor Granny or weird Satan's Grandmother so mean to all the teen gods and goddesses? What did we do to her? I didn't do anything to the goddess."
"We did not do anything to Gaia," Thian frowned. "During those crazy god and goddess times, Gaia was worshipped as a goddess by the race of humans also. Black colored animals had been sacrificed to her essence. The lighter colored mammals were sacrificed to the Greek and Roman gods and goddesses by the stupid race of humans.  In the city of Athens within the country of Italy, there is a statue of Gaia and numerous ancient vase paintings with her image coming from the race of silly humans. In the country of Greece, she also possessed a few goddess temples. Inside each one of her goddess temples, before the human priestess was selected, she had to remain chaste and had to drink bull's blood. Yucko! That sucks for the human female. Over time, the smarter human females learned differently and eventually abandoned Gaia, the goddess of Mother Earth.
"To make the terrible life of Gaia much worse, one of her birthed children Kronos had been the most terrible of all her children and hated all of his brothers and sisters. Once he learned that his mother Gaia was going to overthrow his reign, he swallowed each one of his children. When the last child of Kronos was born, Gaia hid the child and then worked with an adult powerful god Zeus and defeated the nasty race of Titans, sealing the entire race in the secret location of Tartarus."
Pele frowned. "That Gaia knows and hates. Why does Gaia want to release the race of Titans that she sealed up in the first place?"
"Gaia is older than dirt," Shango smiled. "So, she is lonely and wants some dirty companionship," he chuckled with some of the other teens.
"Geez! Let's go and get her a puppy dog." Mithras laughed.
Thian nodded. "Anyways, living organisms and inorganic material are part of the planet making this place tight and right environment for any and all life forms."
Pele laughed. "You do know that there are alien life forms here that live with us."
"I know that. You know that. And I wished that we can contact one or two of them with our upcoming fight with Mama Nature." Balder frowned with worry.
Thian exhaled with worry. "To finish the sad tale of Gaia, Planet Earth is also an organism with self-regulating functions."
"So, the planet can piss on itself, like Lugh." Shango laughed with the other teens but Lugh.
"Shut it, god-boy!" Lugh sneered at Shango.
Nikki nodded. "I believe all of this. Gaia confessed her worse fear. She did not like the race of humans spitting down on her planet.”
Shango laughed. “Gaia did not use that particular word, babe.”
Kuan Yi frowned at Thian. “Where did you learn all of that information about Gaia, Thian?”
Thianne dropped her face and started sobbing again. Thian ran and slide down beside his sister, wearing a worried brow. She exhaled with worry and softly spoke. “I was there in the woodlands one night. I found a happy family of colorful unicorns. They are rumored to be a fairy tale creature. But they are real and I really saw them, a family of colorful unicorn fussy hair and the colorful unicorn hoofs that appear like a multi-color farm horse. I had followed the star path from Granny Hanover. Her information was very accurate. I had plotted and charted the exact position of the stars and left the manor and found the family of happy unicorns.”
Pele frowned at Thianne. “When was this event occur, Thianne? I do remember you sharing the information.”
Lugh nodded to Thian, “Why didn’t you follow your sister from the house, Thian? Aren't you a set of twins and connected through space and time and space and time?”
Thian looked up and shook his bone skull at the other teens. “Our connection does not work like that. And I didn’t know...”
Thianne continued to stared down at the sands. “After we all retired on the late evening of Kruti's dead, I was grieving in sadness and stunned into sorrow. I had left the comfort of the manor and was out walking among the bright moonlight and then I saw a family of colorful furry unicorns. Granny, I mean Satan’s Grandmother, I mean …” she exhaled with defeat. “Granny told us that the unicorn travels only as a family unit, until the baby is strong enough to leave the nest. I found them including a mother, a father and a single baby unicorn in the thick forestland at the highest peak on Sand Mountain ..."
Sand Mountain! Do you mean the place and the spot and the residence is the place and the spot and the residence, where we all live and sleep and eat and play is on Sand Mountain?" Pele gasped in shock.
Mithras frowned. “Unbelievable!”
“I believe!” Nikki winked and smiled at Thianne.
Kuan Yi sneered at Thianne. “Thianne, you should have told me or Thian or Ares or one of us your deep dark secret of the unicorns on Sand Mountain and communication with another supernatural creature inside the horse barn.”
Balder flipped his hand in the air. “It doesn’t matter now.”
"It does matter a great deal!" Kuan Yi turned and sneered at Balder.
“Gaia, she went and captured that cute baby unicorn.” Thianne sobbed. “The little tiny baby unicorn, she was so cute and sweet. I feed her a sweet wild grape. I petted her two soft ear points. I’m sorry. I’m at fault here. I have caused all of this.” 
Thian hugged her shoulders and whispered into her cheekbone. “Sis, it’s okay here. You’re okay here too.”
Thianne said. “Ares, he found me the next morning. I had been knocked unconscious by a rock. I had a wound cut on my forehead.”
Pele swiftly stood upright and sneered with alarm at the new shared information, jabbing a finger down at Thianne, “Gaia or Granny or Satan's Grandmother, she had followed you to the precise family picnic arena for the grazing unicorns. A unicorn only eats tender grass and drinks stream water. And you had asked about a unicorn during our shared classroom last week.”
Shango continued to stand and scratched his bald head. “That was a very strange question to ask out of the baby blue skies here Alabama.”
Thianne looked up and nodded to Thian. “I have talked to our mother, Thian.”
Pele sat back down and gasped in shock. “No way!”
“That is impossible, Thianne.” Mithras frowned. 
Thian nodded. “When do you talk to our biological mother, Thianne?”
Thianne smiled. “I would talk to our mother inside the horse barn with the litter of kittens.”
He smiled. “O! On the night of the GREGS attack, you had left the manor and ran into the barn to converse with our mother. Did you see our mother? Is she pretty like me? How did you communicate with our mother, Thianne?"
She smiled. "I speak into the bug zapper that captured and then zapped the flying insects. One night, there was a thunderstorm and I left the manor….”
"You like to disobey the human and goddess rules, Thianne." Nikki frowned. 
"Quiet, Nikki!" Thian sneered.
Thianne wiped her tears of love for her missing Marcus. “The bug zapper is a two-way communication device with my biological mother …”
“Gaia had tricked you inside the horse barn, Thianne." Pele gasped in alarm and stood upright, jabbing a finger back down at Thianne.
“Gaia had used all of us, because of you, Thianne.” Kuan Yi shook her curls and stood upright, jabbing a finger back down at Thianne also. "Thianne, listen to me here! You had been talking to Gaia that entire time. It is astrologically impossible to talk to one or both of our parents. Believe me! I have tried and prayed and continued to try and pray. And I received silence. Did you not recall here? Heavenly angel Polly told us that she could relay messages for us back to our parents. I believe in Polly. I did not believe in you, Thianne.”
Thianne sobbed. “I was so wrong.”
Thian looked up and sneered at the two goddesses. "Shut it, Kuan Yi and Pele! Thianne, don’t fret!”
Pele growled in angry. “What! Why did you tell her that, Thian?”
He continued to sneer at Pele. “None of us possess information about our parents. We’re only teen gods and goddesses. There is no harm or foul, here, Pele.”
Shango smiled. “Your mother would be proud, Thianne.”
Pele sneered. “Shut it, Shango!”
Thianne wiped the tears of betrayal. “Gaia had talked to me through the bug zapper. She had asked me to find the unicorn which would lead me to my mother, who was captured by someone. I can't recall now.
Kuan Yi danced around the sands and covered her two earlobes, shouting out loud in fury. “Geez! I cannot believe my eardrums. Gaia has been tracking and tracing us the entire time through Thianne.”
Balder gasped in alarm and frowned at Kuan Yi. “You do not know that. Thianne does not know that either?”
Kuan Yi nodded with a stern face, “Think it, Balder! Gaia is trying to find and then force the three chosen marked gods and divas to open up the closed gates of Tartarus. Polly told us that we were in trouble. Now, we are still in trouble but Marcus is extreme deadly danger.”
Thianne cried, “I placed him there.”
Pele screamed in worry and fury. “Thianne, stop your whining!”
“Pele, stop your meanness.” Nikki sneered at Pele.
She slapped her chest and growled at the petite goddess. “Shut up, Nikki! Listen to me!”
Shango laughed. “It looks and sounds like we got us a little Ares among our group.”
“All of you listen to Pele!” Kuan Yi pointed to Pele.
Thian ordered. “All of you listen to me! First, clear your mind. Second, clear you emotions. Third, no one is at fault here. Fourth, Marcus might be one of the marked gods. Six, we go and find Marcus and get Gaia right now.”
Mithras nodded. "What is the plan, Thian?"
Nikki frowned. “What was the baby unicorn used for? Why does Gaia want the unicorn family?”
Pele did not sit down but continued to pace sideways with fighting fury. “A unicorn is a creature of justice. You cannot told a lie within their telepathic aura.”
Thian nodded. “Pele is correct. That's a known fact of the unicorn. However, Marcus wouldn’t lie. He can’t lie. He would have no reason to lie.”
Balder chuckled. “For once in his life …”
He frowned. “Marcus doesn’t know who has parents are like the rest of us.”
Kuan Yi nodded. “Okay then! Gaia took Marcus and is going to butcher and kill him.” Thianne sobbed with worry.
Mithras frowned.  “No! That’s not right either. Gaia had murdered Josefina during our story time battle. She had every opportunity to attack Marcus. There is something else here.” Each teen looked over and viewed the charred remains of Is Chel. Her body had vanished into nothingness as her mom or her dad had come and collected the lumpy body without the teens observing. Each teen returned back and stared at each other.
Lugh frowned. “Why is Marcus important here? He is not important to me”
Nikki waved her hand with a smile. “During our art hunt, I saw a picture where the mane of a unicorn had been trimmed for a new hair style. Granny Hanover had mentioned the properties of unicorn hair. And if Granny Hanover did capture a baby unicorn, then the cut-off strands of unicorn hair must be the agent that can identify  each marked teen god or goddess. Granny  will use the baby unicorn hair for testing the golden blood protein on Marcus.”
“Marcus is one of the marked gods,” Thianne burst into tears.
Shango nodded. “Hold your ponytail, Thianne!”
“Thianne, try to pull yourself together.” Thian hugged his sister.
“I’m trying.” She sobbed into her brother’s arms.
Thian whispered into her cheekbone. “I promise, Thianne. I will go and find Marcus, so he can become my new brother-in-law.” Thianne sobbed more with worry and love.
Shango stood upright and tossed both of his arms in the air. “We go and save Ares, find that cave, fight the titans and kill Gaia.”
Pele laughed. “You cannot kill or destroy or terminate Mother Nature. Shango, use your brain cells! She is the mother of all natural elements, but humans and us and alien life forms. She cannot be replaced or killed.”
“Why not?” Thian gasped in shock. "I disagree with you, Pele. Planet Earth is an organism with life and blood and bones and flesh like a human. And the planet is self-regulating that means it regulates itself. The sky produces thunder and rain, not Gaia. The soil produces plants and fruits for all life forms, not Gaia. The oceans produce fish and food for all sea life, not Gaia. Gaia is the overhead director with a great title and nothing to do but bitch. She has hundreds of soldiers that do the actually work for her. If Gaia is missing or terminated or gone, the work continues on the self-regulating planet along with us and the humans. Yeah, we go and find Marcus and then take out Gaia. The end!"
Kuan Yi frowned. "This is not an easy task, Thian. Gaia will uses all the elements here on the planet including the sky, the clouds, the birds, the rains, the oceans, the plants, the trees and all of the other natural elements to defend her person from the stupid race of humans, the weird group of aliens, and the stupidest group of teen gods and goddesses. You gods do not have a fighting chance to survive that type of battle, Thian.”
Mithras stood upright and nodded back with a smile to Thian. "I'll with Thian. So, how do we plan to Marcus back? First, we find the cave and then we start the fight.”
Nikki nodded with a smile. "Where is the cave? What are the clues for the hidden cave?"
Thianne looked up and smiled at her brother. “Well, if Gaia had followed me and found the unicorn. She would have taken the baby unicorn close. So, I found the unicorn family there at the highest peak on Sand Mountain, right before...”
"What!" Pele gasped in alarm and stared down at Thianne. “Right now, you decide to tell us the hidden place of the cave and the time of action, after all of our sacrifices. We could’ve spared the fight and the deaths of Kruti, Isis, and ...”
“Back off, Pele! Before I echo blast your butt out wards Pluto.” Thian sneered at the teen goddess with love and protection for his sister, since Marcus wasn’t here to threat and then beat the butthole on Pele.
Thian is the leader of the cub pack, Pele." Shango slowly stood upright and sneered at the arrogant goddess.
Pele gasped in alarm and slapped her chest. “I’m diva of fire.”
Thian smiled. “I am the god of …”
“Nothing!" She sneered back at Thian. "You do not possess a true god title like me and the rest of the teens. There is no such thing as an American god or goddess. You happen to be a twin set, a matching god and a goddess. That's not enough to beat Gaia! I'm taking over all the leader of the gods and divas.”
Lugh spun around and smiled at Thian. “What freaking super god power do you claim to possess, Thian?”
Shango gasped in shock and then laughed. “Uh! Pele, you do not want to know, see, or experience his awesome god power.”
Thian released Thianne with a deep sigh and slowly stood upright from the sands lifting both of his arms outwards from his rib cage. He closed both of his two eyelids exhaling his sour breath, inhaling fresh air. Both of his non-folded hands started to glow from dark into yellow and then into blue.
Nikki continued to sit and gasped in alarm, wiggling her waistline sideways, without moving her body, “I can’t move my body. My body is stick here down in the sands.”
“I can’t feel my feet.” Mithras sneered down at the sands like the object was causing his distress.
Pele gasped in shock. “I can’t feel my legs. What god power is this, Thian?”
Thian smiled without opening his two eyelids, “I possess the god ability to glue down any and all life forms into stillness and immobility. Are you stick there, Pele?”
Lugh wiggled on top of the sands. “I’m glued down. I can't move my legs or feet or ankle bone.”
Balder laughed. “I’m a glue stick.”
Kuan Yi stood upright and glued down on top of the sands while sneering at the teen god, “Enough, Thian!”
Lugh hollowed out loud, “I believe. I believe.”
Thian opened his two eyelids without moving his hands and then released each teens without a smile. He didn’t volunteer as the leader at first, but the gang of young and immature deities needed a boss. He had earned the right as the leader of the teen gods and divas. Now, one of teens had been captured and possibly being tortured. Thian will lead the small band of talented teens into the cave of Tartarus to rescue Ares and eliminate once and for the problem.
“Awesome, bro!” Shango smiled.
“Dang it!” Balder laughed.
Lugh laughed. “Holy snot!”
“Your Highness!” Mithras kneeled down before Thian bowing his head and laughing out loud.
“I’m the leader.” Thian nodded to each teen.
“Then lead us, leader.” Shango ordered.
The leader of the teen gods and goddesses Thian sat down with a nod beside Thianne. “Everyone, gather in a tight circle and sit down on top of the sandy ground. We are all going to perform a group pop out from here and land back down at the highest point on Sand Mountain, where the unicorn family had been found eating. Then we go and find the cave and get Gaia. After the demise of Gaia and the rescue of Marcus, we will all see our mom and dad next ending our Fosterage Ritual, finally at last.” The group of teens cheered and then sat down, leaning into each other for the upcoming supernatural trip. Thian lifted up his fingers with the other teens and counted out loud to each teen. "One. Two. Three."
Then the entire group of supernatural teens disappeared from the white sands on the unknown beach setting and flew through the invisible and heated stratosphere air waves on Planet Earth all together, swiftly heading back to their temporary home on the magical Sand Mountain, at the human city of Fultondale, within the US State of Alabama, in the United States of America.
CHAPTER FOURTEEN





Same calendar date and fifteen hours later....


11:54:02 pm (Central Time Zone)
1,013 feet peak, Sand Mountain, within US State of Alabama
Pale blue sky and bright sunlight with sizzling heat

Tartarus location
Underground dark, damp cavern setting


Inside a dark and damp cavern that stood thirty feet high from the dirt floor with six octagon-shaped red tinted dirt walls, one wall held a solid rusty iron-coated ancient gate which blocked out the wet moisture, the green plants, the pod of pretty flowers, and the nasty race of Titans from entering into the underground world of Tartarus and then disperse their god persons throughout the world to annoy or kill the human race.
Tartarus was the name of this hidden and mysterious place from the race of humans and the teen gods and goddesses. The place displayed littered with Greek, Roman, Indian, Mexican, Celtic, Sumerian, Babylonia white tinted limestone statues and images with inscriptions of words on every wall, the ceiling and the floor. Hand drawn portraits were curved on white tinted stone also including some weird symbols on the solid iron gate. Numerous painted vases, cups and pottery were scattered around the dirt floor with care.
“O! I see funerary art.” Marcus sat on top of a wooden floor inside his new square-shaped, rusty brown tinted iron-coated wire cage that lounged on top of the dirt floor on the side wall on one of the corner walls facing the commotion inside the new cave floor. He leaned his body into the columns of cold vertical iron-coated bars and extended his nose bridge through the space for fun along with both of his naked forearms while viewing all the numerous ancient artifacts.
Granny Hanover had teleported an unconscious Marcus down into the underground cave, so he couldn’t fight and then kill her body, without her attacking and then killing the teen first. He was missing all of his designer clothing but his dark blue trousers, wearing his black tinted chest hairs and his set of taunt muscles for the upcoming fighting with Granny. He had surrendered his three god weapons back at the battlefield with the other teens, when he had volunteered to trade places with his girl Thianne. Thianne was safe and happy. Or Marcus would beat the stuffing out of her brother Thian, after Marcus had planned his escape and then his return back to his love.
In the middle of one side wall, the iron gate resided. On the opposite side of the cave room, a small pen of silver tinted chicken wire surrounded a sleeping baby unicorn, who rested on top of yellow tinted hay with a set of tiny baby snorts. Her tiny body glowed in white hue among the row of dull artificial lamps on top of the ceiling. Her two rounded eyelashes were tinted in dark green color that matched her two eyeballs. Her two tiny ears were pink coated. Her nose tip was light blue hue. Her four tiny hoofs shimmered in specks of yellow, blue and purple.
In front of the wire pen, a tall and ugly multi-colored monster fumbled with a set of human pliers working to secure the animal pen around the sleeping baby mammal.
“Silly, deva!” Granny Hanover or Gaia laughed out loud and appeared in her stick girl format again.
Her stick body displayed two tan colored twigs as her two short arms; two tan colored twigs as her two short hands with only two wooden fingers. Each naked leg and foot was made of a single twig with two wooden toes on each foot. Her head was an acorn shell in dark brown with an individual fruit blue berry that represented each eye socket on her face. A row of dark green colored tree leaves formed her two parted lips. A bun of light green vines formed at the nape of her stick neck and numerous colored individual soft flower petals formed a short dress on the stick body, so the stick body was not indecent.
Granny Hanover or Gaia stood in front of a stone altar with a white tinted cloth, wiping down each tiny slot for the god and goddess ritual, without viewing Marcus.
He pointed at each wall with a nod. “I see lots of incantations, spellings, poems, plays of death, not life hanging around here on each wall, the top of the stone ceiling tiles, and the down here on the dirt floor. Someone was very busy.” Marcus continued to study and read out the information while annoying Granny at the same time while hoping for a violent response from the talented goddess. Then he would fight her with his god powers and win the day here inside the cave and then return back finding his teen friends on Sand Mountain.
“Wrong again, Marcus!” A female voice shouted out loud that sounded like teen goddess Dainichi. However, Dainichi had died with the snakes during the battle. Anyways, the female did not resemble the dead goddess.
Marcus turned and smiled at the ugly thing that stood upright in front of the wire pen with the sleeping baby unicorn, “What, who, and why are you here, Ugly Thingy?”
“Mandune.” The female voice smiled at Marcus.
The thingy was a very tall and wide monster with two heads. One bone skull held a monkey face with brown tinted fur. The other bone skull displayed a red tinted wolf face with a set of four yellow tinted ear points and a matching set of four yellow tinted eyeballs. The body exhibited four individual arms. One arm represented an orange colored orangutan and other arms was in the shape of a human in pale tinted skin on the front of its massive ugly hairy body. On the back spine, Mandune displayed a wiggling red and black tinted snake with an attached hood and a set of fangs and an equally long single yellow tinted furry feline cat leg with a matching paw. On the bottom of its body, a set of three legs were attached consisting of a gray tinted elephant foot, one yellow tinted camel leg, and a black and white stripped zebra leg for limping around the dirt floor. It dropped the pair of human plies down into a pail with other human tools producing a set of soft metal tones in the air waves that echoed throughout the cave room.
He chuckled at the ugly thing. “Did scientist Mary Frankenstein do the wrong number on her surgery operating table with your body, girl? I’d sue back for one billion dollars, if I’d were you, babe.”
Mandune sneered at Marcus with a deep baritone timber. “I’ll rather sew your guts into a set of new clothes for my body, Marcus.” Clearly, the Ugly Thingy knew the god. Mandune spun around on its kneecaps as the rear arm with the snake's head reached down and grabbed the pail of human tools. The monster slowly stood upright from the floor and spun around, nodding both of its heads with an individual display of teeth in a smile at Marcus.
Marcus gasped in shock at the talents of the massive monster and then sneered. “Message received, Dainichi!” He had guessed it was her true person. His new adult god powers were never wrong, only more powerful. Dainichi cringed with her sudden recognition and slight worry coming from the powerful adult god male. He smiled. “I bet it’s hard walking around on three legs, darling. What happened to the fourth one?” Marcus laughed.
She growled back. “You are insulting, as usual, Marcus.”
He frowned. “What are you? I thought they always killed a mad dog. But you're uglier than any laughing hyena here on the Planet Earth. Hmm! I'm not familiar with your bone and body structure, babe.”
She continued to stand in place in front of the animal pen as her rear snake arm held the silver tinted pail of human tools, nodding each head to Marcus with her life story, “I had once been a Babylon priestess and then I had become bitten by a demon dog.” Her body quickly morphed into a small human girl with a head of long black colored hair and a tone of dark tinted smooth skin. She wore a white tinted ankle-length dress with gold jewelry covering her hair roots down to each naked toe bone. Then the human girl rapidly transformed into a mangy, red colored, skinny canine with a set of yellow tinted dog fangs and lots of dripping drool coming from its nose and mouth while growling at Marcus.
He smiled and pointed at Mandune/Dainichi, “Ah! You are patient zero for the modern day rabies. I get it. I just need to capture you and call the local law enforcement authorities,” he laughed.
She talked through the dripping mouth saliva with a deep baritone timber in the dog format, “I am a priestess, a demon, a GREG, and a FRED rolled into one lovely creature.” Dainichi quickly changed into a gray colored GREG and then presented a new form displaying a white haired FREG and then morphed back to the tall and ugly Mandune monster still holding the pail of human tools and smiling at Marcus.
Inside his iron cage, he smiled. “Well, that explains all the missing GREGS and FREDS and some of the cute baby calves around Windsor Farms for the past few months,” he nodded with laughter.
Mandune sneered. “You’re my next victim, honey pie love, Marcus.”
Marcus laughed. “You’re trying way too hard to flatter me with your cute pet names. I’d guess you really are an ancient, old, ugly, bittersweet meanie weenie maid. I bet kissing you I’d get hair lice.”
“She is the last of her kind, Deva Marcus.” Gaia smiled at Marcus.
“An old maid.” He laughed.
“An old Mandune...”
“...lived with the gang of tall dinosaurs, the ancient Egyptians, the ugly dodo birds, the pretty virgin maidens, which are all gone and extinction and disappeared from the planet and never to be returned back here, babe.” He winked at Dainichi.
“What is your talking point here, Deva Marcus?” Granny or Gaia looked up and frowned at Marcus.
“My point, Gaia, there is always someone bigger, badder, and brainer than you and your last of its kind ugly, smelly mean, mad female tall doggie.” He smiled. It took awhile observing and listening to Gaia, but Marcus had figured out who Satan’s Grandmother was or wasn’t.
Mandune laughed. “The god debates very well, Gaia.”
“Spit on him, child!” Gaia turned and nodded to Mandune.
She frowned back at Gaia. “What! Why am to spit on the god? He might spit back or worse.”
“Go and observe my command, child!”
Mandune turned and frowned at Marcus, “I can’t affect a god, Gaia.”
“Do as I say, child!” Gaia sneered at her assistant.
Marcus gasped in shock at the gross command and then quickly withdrew back both of his arms and his nose bridge from the air space, swiftly scooting further backwards from the forward wall into the rear of the iron cage, touching the dirt wall with his back spine. He continued to stare and sneered at both Gaia and Mandune/Dainichi.
Mandune/Dainichi did not move from her spot in front of the tiny wire cage with the sleeping unicorn and smiled at Marcus inside his iron cell, rolling her tongue inside her mouth and puffed out both of her furry cheekbones. She opened her mouth and released a green tinted tongue, flinging a tiny piece of mouth spit in black tinted towards the iron cage. The flying piece of black tinted mouth spit soared through the air wave from the opposite side, entered in-between the iron bars, and landed in the center chest hairs on Marcus. He screamed like a little girl and slammed his back spine into the hard iron bars, pawing at the black tinted spit on his chest without success. The tiny piece of mouth spit turned bright blue hue and then quickly melted over his dark skin, covering his body in a glowing blue tint of protection.
He continued to slam each body part and shouted out loud in disguise. “Slim ball! Get away from me! You're a mental sick and gross crazy lady! What did you do to me, wolf and monkey and snake and dolphin ugly girl?” He stood upright from the dirt floor and slowly paced around the interior floor inside his iron cage, slamming each body part that was covered in blue hue.
Mandune/Dainichi continued to stand in place and stared at Marcus with puzzlement. “What is that blue thing around the god? I do not recognize the spell, mistress.”
“That is a body guard.” Gaia laughed out loud and winked at Marcus. “That film is literally a guard or a visible web around his body for our protection that keeps the adult god inside and the teen deva on outside.”
He halted with a deep sigh and dropped both of his arms beside his rib cage, looking up to see Gaia with a sour frown, “This would be a really cool goddess trick, if I wasn’t grossed out.”
Mandune/Dainichi laughed out and rotated the pail of human tools from her red and black tinted snake head arm to her orange-tinted orangutan arm and then used her human hand, jerking out a human screwdriver tool with a pink-tinted handle while laughing out loud at the male god. She slowly approached Marcus and his iron cage, wiggling the screwdriver near her ugly smile. “So, I can play with my new friend. Come over here and play with me, kitty, kitty!”
He gasped in shock and quickly surveyed his iron cage, without an exit door or a safe space for his exposed body parts. Mandune was prepared to have some fun with her pink-tinted screwdriver on Marcus, not her ugly body. The cage contained columns of skinny vertical bars, where a deadly object or a quick hand could penetrate to tickle his semi-naked body or injury his semi-naked body. He wiggled his hand and produced nothing in the air waves regarding his god powers. This blue tinted weird body guard was holding all of his god powers inside the pretty glowing web. He looked up and scooted back into the rear wall of iron bars, lifting up his two folded fists for the first round of fights with the Ugly Thing.
On the forward wall with rows of ancient artifact, on the floor, a thick column of dark granite stood less than one-fourth from the floor with a circular object of rusty iron top. The time clock chimed at the hour of midnight of a new day.
Mandune/Dainichi halted with a gasp and stood a few feet from the iron cage with Marcus, turning to see the chiming clock, returning back with a smile at the god. “Today is your birthday, god Marcus!”
He gasped in shock and used his mental mind to examine the air waves, bouncing up and down with a smile, clapping his hands and shouted out loud. "Yes, it is a new day. Yesterday was the old day and today is the new day. Yesterday was a seventeen year old god teen. Today, I am eighteen years old at the ding of midnight of a new day. I am eighteen years old and I am an adult god with my full adult god powers," he laughed out loud and lifted up both of his hands, pointing a set of straight fingers at Gaia through two of the iron bars which will kill her and release his body.
“No! I froze time. It is not a new day, but the same old day,” Gaia laughed at Marcus.
He gasped in alarm. “Wait! How can you do that? How did you do that. You can’t do that, can you?” He frowned at Gaia. "Wait! How did that ancient Roman sundial sound with a ding and then a dong. A Roman sundial was triggered by shifting light coming from the solar sun that identified the current local time. The solar sunrays did not beam down here inside the cave. This place is cold, damp, dark, and actually amazing with the rows and columns of ancient artifact paintings, statues, and pottery."
She smiled at him and pointed at the ceiling. "I have arranged the rows of artificial lamps like the solar sun effect here inside the dark, damp cave with my special goddess powers. A set of tiny beams steadily move around the ancient Roman sundial and traces the current time. Thus, the current time is midnight of a new day, if I had not frozen time and space, right now."
Mandune/Dainichi started at the ancient clock with puzzlement. "I don't understand, mistress. Why did you freeze time and space? We need the time and the space to release the Titans from their long imprisonment."
She laughed. “Wrong question, my servant!”
"My monster, you mean,” He snarled at Mandune/Dainichi and then smiled, shaking his bone skull at the clock. “Whatever! You have frozen the clock of time and space, so it is not my true birth of my day. So, I guess I will celebrate my birth of my day tomorrow or yesterday or the day before yesterday or the day after tomorrow? Wow! I’m really confused with this new dilemma.” Marcus laughed and continued to shake his bone skull with puzzlement.
Mandune/Dainichi returned back and sneered at the god. “Shut up, Marcus!”
“The point here, you are still a half-god and a half-teen and you are not eighteen years old, so I can bend and frame and mend and form your boy-man human form with my goddess powers, if I desired to do that.” Gaia smiled.
He nodded with a smile to Gaia. “Already! That’s kinda good to know! My girl Thianne isn’t here to celebrate my eighteen adult god birthday party with me, anyways. But she will be and she will not be alone either,” Marcus pointed at Gaia and nodded with laughter. Thian and his sister Thianne and all of their teen gods and goddesses were searching for Marcus and they would find him also. Then the true battle war with Gaia would begin. Anyways, that was why he was frozen as to not to escape and wait for the other teen gods and goddesses, since Gaia needed to find the two other marked teens to open the gate and release the race of nasty Titans that will rule over Planet Earth again.
“Yeah, I doubt it, also, Marcus. You are alone and lonely and here all alone.” Mandune/Dainichi laughed.
He turned and tilted his bone skull at Mandune/Dainichi, “Is there something wrong with you and your mind, babe? That sentence structure did not make any sense to me."
"Mandune, prepare the surprise!" Gaia smiled at Marcus. Mandune spun around with a smile and twirled the screwdriver in her human hand, moving back to the sleeping baby unicorn inside the pen.
He smiled and slapped his chest with joy. "Anyways, on my real birthday, I’m going to have a cool adult party and a tall white colored birthday cake with lots of chocolate ice cream in tiny dishes and many birthday presents. Lots of presents! Surprise presents, not requested presents like when your parents ask you what you want on Christmas for your gifts. Then you wrote down a list of cool Christmas gifts. Then you get all the Christmas presents, of course, but it’s not really a surprise, but it's expected, ya know,” Marcus chuckled.
Mandune/Dainichi halted with a sour frown and spun around, staring at Marcus. "What is he talking about getting presents and gifts, mistress?"
“Hush over there, Deva Marcus!” Gaia frowned at Marcus. He turned and frowned at Mandune/Dainichi with puzzlement.
“Marcus never learned to obey authority.” Mandune/Dainichi smiled and spun around to face the opposite wall moving back to the wire pen with the sleeping baby unicorn.
Inside the iron cage, he slapped his chest and gasped in shock. “I never learned to obey authority. I beg to differ, ugly girl. I surrendered first at the last war battle with Gaia and then obeyed her authority over me and the other teen gods and goddesses. I am here as your inmate prisoner, so Gaia would not harm ….”
“Nobel deed, indeed, Deva Marcus.” Gaia continued to stand in front of the stone altar and nodded to Marcus.
He slapped his chest and laughed out loud. “I’m a deva.”
She smiled. “Now, he admits it after all those teen years at the school house building.”
“Correction! You are a god. Today is the birth of your day, Marcus.” Mandune/Dainichi continued to squat in the wall corner and make a set of noise.
He smiled and spun around in circle, facing Gaia, Mandune, and the sleeping unicorn again while singing out loud with fun. “There you go! Happy birthday to me! Happy birthday to me! Happy birthday dear lovable, gorgeous perfect mighty me.” He exhaled with mint breathe and then inhaled gulps of fresh air, singing out loud for fun. “Happy birthday to me! Dum. Dum. Dum. Dum …”
“Pass me the knife, child!” Gaia turned with an evil grin and nodded to Mandune/Dainichi. 
Mandune/Dainichi stopped in front of the animal pen and spun around to face Gaia, wiggling the human screwdriver near her smile on her monkey head while laughing out loud. Gaia nodded in silence and pointed down at the sleeping baby unicorn with her own set of evil laughter also adding to the echo inside the tight enclosed cave room.
Inside his iron cage, Marcus stopped singing and studied the two evil persons, bouncing up and down with worry, jabbing a finger at Dainichi, then Gaia, and finally the sleeping baby unicorn while sneering at the two evil persons. “Hey, man! Well, in this case, wo-man, well, almost wo-man here, you can’t kill that cute baby unicorn that resides here on Planet Earth. You are Mother Nature, the goddess of Earth and all of that nature stuff. And there is the law of the land and the law of the earth and the law of the universe and all of that law stuff that affects me and you and her and that baby animal, bitch.”
“I can.” Mandune/Dainichi quickly spun around with more evil laughter and stomped on top of the wire pen, leaning down over the baby animal, stabbing the healthy sleeping mammal directly into its chest cavity with the screwdriver twisting the metal, tearing through the its pumping heart muscles. The animal collapsed to the side on top of the hay floor producing its precious orange tinted blood proteins from its chest wound without a tiny sound of pain and died in silence. Dainichi did not bother to remove the screwdriver but plunked out a handful of the white tinted unicorn soft mane from its forehead with her orangutan hand for the upcoming god test on the golden tinted blood on Marcus. She stood upright with laughter and spun around, stomping back through the orange tinted blood proteins and green tinted hay particles, moving ahead to Gaia and stopped in front of the stone altar, placing the unicorn's strands down inside one of the deep slots. She looked up and nodded to her mistress in silence.
Inside the iron cage, Marcus continued to bounce up and down inside his cage floor and jabbed a finger at Dainichi, shouting out loud in sadness, fury, angry, and fear. “You are a very, very bad and gross and mean and smelly, ugly thingy.”
“Go and get his blood, child!” Gaia stared down with a smile at the handful of white tinted soft unicorn mane strands. Mandune/Dainichi nodded to her mistress in silence and then spun around, slowly padding towards the iron cage with Marcus, reaching into the pail of loose human tools, and jerked up a new screwdriver with a blue tinted handle. She laughed out loud and wiggled the deadly weapon near the smile on her other head, a red tinted wolf face with a set of four yellow tinted ear points and a matching set of four yellow tinted eyeballs.
Inside the iron cage, he gasped in alarm and swiftly scooted backwards from the front of the bars, slamming into the rear wall, slamming his naked chest with worry. “What! Do you really wanna take my personal blood? Does that mean that I’m not one of the three marked gods or goddesses? So, you didn't really know who the three marked gods or goddesses really is. So, you are dead wrong on that asinine assumption that I am one of the three marked gods or goddesses. So, you don't really need to take my precious blood. I only got eight pints and I need all eight pints for breathing and living and surviving. I am getting married today or tomorrow to my girl Thianne and then we will live happily ever after like a fairy tale.”
“I’m impressed that know me.” Gaia smiled at Marcus.
He continued to stand in the rear end of the cage and tried to climb up the slick iron bars going from the floor while trying to reach the short iron-coated rooftop and frowned at Gaia, “I wished that I didn’t, but I did figure out your person.”
“How did you figure out my true identity, Deva Marcus?” She nodded.
He posed from the floor in the middle of the wall and smiled at Gaia. “The 'shitting on your turf' phrase kinda finished the gigantic crossword puzzle for my brain cells.”
She sneered. “Now, I'll get back at the little critters for polluting my home.”
He continued to pose on the wall but his heavy body was slowly sipping back down to the floor, “Who are the 'little critters' here on Planet Earth?" He gasped in sorrow. "You killed the nice couple at Windsor Farms, elderly Mrs. and Mr. Windsor. You're a very bad goddess, girl.”
She nodded. “I did not. My pets did.”
“What are your pets?” He frowned with confusion.
Mandune/Dainichi halted in front of the iron cage and laughed at Marcus. “Tigers, lions and bears, oh my!”
He dropped down on the floor and gasped at Gaia, nodding with a smile. “Ah! You can’t kill anyone as one of the original goddesses that reside on Planet Earth within the universe.”
“You're good, Deva Marcus!” Gaia smiled.
He frowned. “Why did you murder the other teen goddesses, if their goddess blood could not open the gates of Tartarus? I don't understand.”
“I cannot kill. I did not do that, Deva Marcus.” She laughed. 
“FREGS, GREGS and JANES, oh fear!” Mandune/Dainichi laughed.
He shook his head with defeat. “Hindsight! I really hate that flawed ability within my god psyche. I should’ve seen that dangerous one coming with my god powers. Then I could’ve saved my friends Kruti, Is-is and Josefina.”
“Maybe you could have or maybe not, Deva Marcus.” Gaia nodded.
Mandune/Dainichi drooled mouth spit from both of her faces staring at Marcus. “Now, can I eat him, mistress?”
He gasped in fear at the massive Mandune monster and shook his bone skull, slapping his chest. “I take it back. I might be one of the three charmed gods. I’m cute and cuddly. I’m smart and brave. Yeah! I'm definitely one of the three charmed gods. So, you want to spare me and use my golden tinted god blood and open that massive ugly iron gate and then release all of the Titans. I like the race of Titans. I don't have anything against the Titans. Go, Titans!” He laughed with silliness.
“Hush up over there, Deva Marcus!” Gaia growled.
Mandune/Dainichi continued to drool and stared at Marcus. “Can I eat him now, mistress?”
Gaia frowned at her servant. “When I restart time moving forward again, Marcus will become a new full-fledged male god. You can’t eat him, but you can convert him into your personal slave, child. He will serve and service you for all eternity.”
He sneered. “Bull frog crap! I ain't being converted into a GREG or a FRED or a frog. No way, ugly wo-man. I’m a male god. I’m a strong male god and I got good male god genes like my male god daddy. Yeah!”
She smiled. “He will become a wonderful pet for your purposes, child.”
Mandune/Dainichi frowned at Gaia. “A god is stronger than I, mistress.”
She laughed. “The race of Titans are the true leaders here on Planet Earth. Eons ago, each Titan god and goddess learned to control their service pet by cutting off their ..."
"What! Wrong-o, wo-man! You are not touching me down there. No way! Not right! I will fight first and then die second, before anyone touches me down there. Geez!" Marcus screamed in panic and wrapped both of his arms around his body, sneering at Gaia.
She smiled at Mandune/Dainichi. "He is your slave. This is my gift to you, child.”
“I want the two male gods who are named Balder and Thian too.” Mandune/Dainichi nodded both of her heads to Gaia with a smile.
“Ah! You desire a litter of pets. So be it, child!” She laughed.
“Thank you, mistress!” Mandune/Dainichi nodded her two head to Gaia.
Get his blood now, child!" She winked at Marcus.
Mandune/Dainichi turned and presented a smile on each one of her two faces, staring at Marcus, wiggling the new screwdriver, closing her lips on the monkey face. On the monkey face, she rolled her tongue and then puffed out both of her cheekbones, parting her red tinted monkey lips and released a black tinted spit ball. The spit ball traveled through the air and headed towards Marcus.
Inside the iron cage, Marcus gasped in shock and slammed his back spine back into the columns of iron bars, spinning around to face the wall and tried to climb up the cage wall towards the rooftop again while wiggling his body sideways. The spit ball hit his forehead and then dissolved a strip of his blue body guard shield exposing his naked dark skin. Marcus gasped in alarm after feeling the heated spit ball from the Mandune monster and dropped down on the floor, spinning around to face Mandune, studying his naked forearm with puzzlement.
He rubbed the stinging arch and sneered Mandune/Dainichi. “Dang it! That didn't hurt my arm, babe!” Marcus winked with laughter.
“Did you enjoy the first of my many touches, slave?” She presented a smile on both of her faces.
He continued to massage the stinging skin and snarled at her. “When I am freed by the other teen gods and divas, I am going to kick your ugly ass all the way to Pluto ice belt, non-goddess Dainichi.” She sneered two sets of yellow dirty fangs at Marcus.
Gaia frowned. “You still talk too much, Deva Marcus.”
He nodded with a smile. “My goddess Thianne doesn’t think so. She thinks that I'm alright.”
Mandune/Dainichi growled at Marcus, “Teen goddess Thianne doesn’t think at all, because she is dead.”
He shook his bone skull. “A goddess or a god doesn’t die.”
She sneered. “Then your goddess is with her biological parents and not here and not coming to you. Thus, she cannot help you in here, right now.” Marcus gasped in alarm from the confusing statement and stared at Mandune/Dainichi in silence.
“I need his god blood, child.” Gaia frowned.
“No!” He shuffled back into the rear cage wall and shook his bone skull, wrapping both of his arms around his body, dashing sideways to avoid the next weapon on his body.
Gaia smiled. “Just nick him, child!”
“Nick him! I’m going to sock-it-to him.” Mandune/Dainichi rammed her body into the iron cage but it did not move, wiggling the screwdriver near her monkey smile, spinning around to face the opposite wall laughing out loud. Inside the iron cage, Marcus stood in place and studied with confusion at Mandune. On her back spine, her yellow tinted feline cat leg quickly shot through the empty space in-between two iron bars and attacked the naked spot on his forearm, slicing through the tender dark colored skin with its four cat claws. His skin ripped open and then burst out with his golden tinted god blood, spilling over his cat wound, across his naked forearm, and down onto the dirt floor. Her furry paw soaked up the spilled god blood and created a nice puddle inside her palm.
Mandune/Dainichi continued to laugh out loud with her victory attack and then quickly retracted back her feline arm with the puddle of golden tined god blood inside the cat paw, slowly moving ahead to Gaia. Inside the iron cage, Marcus stood in place with his mouth open and stared down at the cat scratches on his naked arm, where the monster had stolen his personal blood. She laughed. “I gotta you, again, didn’t I, my pretty slave?”
Inside the iron cage, he reached down and gently rubbed the naked spot on his skin, cringing at the tender wound, sneering at the monster. “There’s still light left in the day, babe.”
“This is my day, not your day, my pretty slave.” She smiled.
“Bring the god blood to me, child.” Gaia stood behind the stone altar and pointed down at the deep slot with a pile of unicorn hair strands. Mandune/Dainichi halted on the opposite side of Gaia and spun around, extending her feline cat arm, flipping the cat paw. She dropped the god blood down on top of the unicorn hair strands.
Gaia gasped in alarm and then frowned with great disappointment. “Drat!”
Mandune/Dainichi spun around with worry and stared down at the slot, where the golden god blood covered the hair strands but did not change the color of the unicorn hair. “What is the new color of the unicorn hair, mistress?”
“The unicorn hair stands remain as white hue.”
“What does the white hue mean, mistress?”
“Marcus is not one of the three marked gods or goddesses.”
Mandune/Dainichi continued to stared down at the two items, “Maybe, when you had stopped time and space on the sundial, his god blood become taunted or something bad. So, Marcus is really one of the marked gods.”
She flipped her hand in the air and sneered at Marcus. “My interference with time and space does not affect the human or god body, only the human or god mind. Deva Marcus is not one of the three marked gods or goddesses. So, the three marked gods or goddesses still exist among the rest of the teen gods and goddesses. Drat!”
Mandune/Dainichi looked up and frowned at Gaia. “What do we do next, mistress?”
Gaia back stepped from the stone altar with a grin and started to dance twirling in a set of completed circles, clapping her hands, singing out loud. Mandune and Marcus stood in place and stared at Gaia in silent confusion.
She continued to dance and shouted out loud. “Listen, child! Do you hear it? The sound is so lovely.”
“Listen to what, mistress? I do not hear anything, mistress. What do you hear? Do you hear anything, slave?” Mandune/Dainichi scanned the cave room and then viewed Marcus with puzzlement.
Marcus continued to pose inside his iron cage and shook his bone skull back at Mandune with confusion also. "I do not hear or see anything but Gaia dancing around the room and singing off key. Is there something wrong with her, Dainichi?"
Gaia halted and face Dainichi tossing both of her arms in the air and nodded with a smile. “The gang of teen gods and goddesses are coming. They are here. They have finally found Deva Marcus. I am so impressed and so happy. I will now have my three marked gods and goddesses, so I can open the gates of Tartarus and release my friends. Yah! Yay! Yeah!”
Mandune/Dainichi turned and winked with a set of dripping yellow tinted mouth drool from each face at Marcus, “And his love goddess Thianne is one of the marked goddesses. So, I get to suck her precious goddess blood from her pretty neck for Gaia to open the gates and release the race of Titans.”
“No!” Marcus dashed ahead with worry and slammed into the iron wall, sneering at Mandune/Dainichi, worrying with a heavy heart for his love.
In the middle of the cave room, teen goddess Thianne appeared first from her pop trick and landed down on top of the dirt floor while scanning a smelly enclosed space with her goddess senses, spotting her guy with a smile. She wore a solid orange tinted sequin-designed jumpsuit with one shoulder slit sleeve on the right arm, which is her goddess fighting arm. She pair the jumpsuit with a set of leather orange tinted thigh-high boots for the upcoming fight and escape of a lost god. She dashed ahead and slammed into the iron cage, nodding with happiness. “I found you, Ares. Yeah!”
Gaia still wore the stick girl format with a leafy smile and quickly scooted backwards standing in the wall corner beside the solid iron gate while watching the commotion inside the cave room.
Mandune/Dainichi gasped in alarm and swiftly scooted backwards standing in the opposite wall corner from Gaia in silence while watching her teen friends appear one-at-a-time.
In the middle of the room, Balder appeared next and scanned the room, wearing a one-piece orange tinted romper suit with a set of short sleeves and a pair of exposed kneecaps and lower legs. He paired the romper suit with a set of orange tinted flip flops. He spotted Thianne and Marcus, moved ahead, and then stopped, standing beside Thianne and laughed at a caged Marcus. “Man, you stink to high heavens. Why is that? Why are you half-naked, boy?”
Marcus exhaled with annoyance and slapped his chest, nodding with a smile. “I'll gladly re-tattle my demon tail later this morning to you, Balder.” He laughed with worry. He was concerned with their safety rather than his own. Gaia silently watched each teen god and goddess appear inside the enclosed cave room and patiently waited to execute her plan to collect the golden blood proteins from the three marked gods or goddesses in order to open the gates and releases her family members.
Shango appeared next in the middle of the room and scanned the room, seeing his three friends, wearing a loose-fitting, sleeveless utility jumpsuit in bright orange tint with a pair of orange tinted cowboy boots. He moved ahead and stood beside Balder, laughing at Marcus. "There you are! We have been looking for you, Marcus. Now, we have found you. So, get outta of the fun cage!" He laughed with Balder.
Nikki appeared alone in the middle of the room and wore an orange tinted jumpsuit with a pair of flutter sleeves, scanning the new environment, moving ahead to her four friends. She scooted in-between Balder and Shango, smiling at Marcus. "Ares, we found you. Now, get outta of there and gotta of here!"
Thian appeared next in the middle of the room and wore a loose-fitting, sleeveless orange utility jumpsuit in bright orange hue with a pair of white tinted athletic sneakers. Each teen god and goddess was dressed in bright orange tint and wore a jumpsuit for the upcoming fight with Gaia and any of her new friends inside the hidden cave in Tartarus. He scanned the new room and laughed out loud. "I don't like your new cubby hole, man.” He moved ahead and stood beside Shango winking with a smile at Marcus, reaching up and yanked on the iron-coated cage bars which was made of some special earth alloy that was difficult to bend with his new adult god powers.
The new god and goddess plan was working, so far. Each teen god or goddess was appearing one-at-a-time from an individual pop trick outside the cave on the highest peak of Sand Mountain for safety from an ambush attack from Gaia. Outside the night was lighted with moonlight and twinkling stars from outer space. And each teen wore the color of bright orange to easily identify their person from the bad guys and gals during the upcoming fight with Gaia.
The first goal was to find and break out Marcus from his prison and then find and stop Gaia from collecting the god or goddess blood and opening the sealed iron gate in Tartarus.
Pele appeared on the floor and wore a halter top, orange tinted, sequin-designed one-piece jumpsuit with a pair of high heeled fashion sandals. Her toenails and fingernails were painted in orange hue also. She scanned the room and spotted her friends around the square-shaped iron cage that held Marcus, moving ahead and stopped beside Thian, smiling at the prisoner. "Don't worry! Be happy, Ares! I'm here to save the day. Hey!" She reached up and grabbed onto each bar, jerking her body backwards without breaking the iron with confusion. She released each bar with a hand and examined the shiny mineral with puzzlement. "What is this?"
"I don't know either." Thian continued to touch and jerk on each iron bar without success while feeling worry for Marcus.
Mithras appeared next and scanned the room laughing out loud at the iron cage and prisoner Marcus, dashing ahead, slamming into the straight line of teens. Each teen tilted to the side and allowed Mithras in the middle. Mithras laughed at Marcus. "You're are a wussie, god. Can't you get outta of wire cage, Marcus?" He reached up and yanked on the iron bars with his god strength and then frowned in shock at the strong metal pondering the iron cage with puzzlement.
Lugh appeared next and scanned the room with worry, seeing the back spine on each teen god and goddess that stood in front of an iron cage, wearing a one-piece orange tinted romper suit with a pair of orange tinted sneakers.
Kuan Yi appeared beside Lugh and shoved the petite god towards the iron bar. "Get moving sideways, foot stool! We got a job to do here before the war breaks loose and fancy free," she displayed an orange tinted, sleeveless, sequin-design one-piece jumpsuit with a V-neckline and a pair of orange tinted platform fashion shoes, moving ahead with a smile and then stopped, standing beside Pele. She stared into the cage. "Hey, Ares! We found you. What are you doing, Pele? Why are you wasting my time?" She laughed with amusement.
Pele grunted out loud, grinded her teeth, and yanked on the iron bars without ripping off the iron bar. "I'm trying to break this iron bar with my new adult goddess powers, but it's not cracking or hissing or moving," she released the iron bar and back stepped with confusion while studying the iron cage. "I don't understand. I can't bend the iron bar. I can't get Ares outta of the iron cage. Do we have a backup plan? What do we do next?"
On the opposite side of the iron cage, Thianne leaned her body with a smile into the columns of iron bars that blocked her from hugging Marcus and extended both of her arms while touching Marcus, sniffing the air waves with puzzlement. She jerked backwards from the iron bars and dropping both of her arms at her side while sneering with disgust at Marcus. “You smell like her!” She spun around and spotted Mandune/Dainichi, who appeared in the opposite side as a tall, slender, beautiful black haired, dark skinned Babylonia priestess.
Mandune/Dainichi waved back with a smile at Thianne.
In front of the iron cage, Thian smiled, “Thianne, this is neither the place nor time for a love spat.” He continued to stand in place and examined the alloy on the iron bars without bending the mineral or breaking the bars with his god powers. He laughed out loud at his sister. He was her twin and could feel her goddess jealous rising inside his sister's mind and he could smell the priestess’s stench on Marcus also.
Thianne sneered at the priestess but growled at her brother. “Spat!”
“Spit!" Marcus jammed his arms through the iron bars and pointed on the opposite side at Mandune/Dainichi. "Darling, that ugly thingy is really our ex-friend teen goddess Dainichi, who once was pretty and now is heinous. She spit on me. That's why my body stinks. Go and spit on her, Thianne, my princess!”
Thianne gasped in alarm and sneered at the beautiful priestess stomping one thigh-high boot toe forward. Thian reached out and grabbed the arm on his sister shaking his bone skull at Marcus.
From the far wall corner, Gaia slowly padded ahead from the dark shadows and stopped a few feet in front of the solid gate, laughing with amusement at the line of naive teens. The line of teens in front of the iron cage spun around and gasped at Gaia in silence. Gaia continued to smile and slapped her stick body with her two-fingered twig-made hand. “Marcus belongs to me now. He cannot exit that iron cage, without me. So, you can’t have him or save him, goddess princess.” She extended her twig-made arm and wiggled her two twig fingers, releasing one of the fingers from her hand while laughing out loud. The twig finger flew through the air waves and entered the iron cage, striking the chest hairs on Marcus. He grunted in pain and then looked down, slapping on the ting finger twig without success. The twig dissolved into a sawdust cloud of tan hue and then dropped particles down n the floor leaving his chest clean and bruised with a small hole.
Thianne gasped in shock and spun around with worry, screaming out loud at Marcus. “Ares!” She reached up and pulled on each iron bar with her new adult goddess powers while willing the bars to bend within her goddess mind. The other teens spun around and gasped in shock at the medical condition on Marcus.
Inside the iron cage, Marcus felt dizzy and turned bright pale all over his body, slowly stumbling backwards from his girl Thianne and the other teens, stopping in the middle of the cage. He bent down at his fitted waistline and loudly gagged out loud and then coughed out loud finally vomiting out some of his golden god blood on top of the dirt floor. When he had finished vomiting, Marcus stood upright with a dizzy headache and was covered in yellow skin lesions spreading rapidly over his exposed muscular chest, both of his naked arms, his pale face and both of his naked hands. He scratched at his itchy body as he was slowly transforming from a human male into an unknown humanoid creature.
Thianne continued to yell and yanked on the iron bars while starting to sob with worry. “Ares, stay awake! Come over here and open the door! I can help you. I love you, Ares! Please come over here and let me help you!”
In the far wall corner, Mandune/Dainichi continued to stand in place and swiftly morphed her image of a beautiful priestess into a red tinted demon dog, then a gray colored GREG, then a white furry FREG, and then finally displayed her true monster appearance, a tall, ugly, furry, and three-legged Mandune. She watched the back spine on each god and goddess with amusement while taking advantage of the tender love moment between pretty goddess Thianne and handsome god Marcus, jerking out a pick axe from the magical pail of human tools, charging at the line of teens in silence.
In front of the iron cage, Marcus continued to pace the dirt floor while growling like a god, snarling like a bear, and smelling like a skunk. Balder continued to yank on each iron bar in frustration and released the metal, studying the unique alloy. The metal looked like regular metal but it wasn't. He sniffed the air waves and then frowned with disgust. The odor inside the enclosed cave room had changed. One of the teens had released a smelly fart while trying to rip off one of the iron bars. He laughed out loud and spun around with a gasp, inhaling fresh air while seeing an ugly Mandune, pointing at the monster. “Dainichi’s attacking us! Look out, Shango!” Balder reached out and shoved Shango to the side for safety from the pick axe blade and then jerked out his mobile telephone from the romper pocket, whipping his god sword at the beast. Mandune fought with her pick axe against the god sword producing a tone of metal pains.
Shango flowed with the god shove and then stopped with a sneer at Mandune, donning his three god weapons, jumping into the fight with Mandune, aiding Mithras. Shango sliced his blade at her stomach as her orangutan hand grabbed at the god sword and held the sharp blade while slicing into the orange hair and blue tinted blood.
Mithras continued to fight with the other three arms on Mandune while slowly slicing off some of the tough skin tissue without killing the beast.
Mandune tossed her pail of human tools at Shango and then released his god blade. The pail hit his nose bridge squirting out tons of his golden god blood on his face, in the air, and down on the dirt. He dropped down his sword and shield, holding his broken nose bridge, slowly stumbling back from the pain and impact and hit side dirt wall. He dropped down on top of the dirt moaning in suffering and dizziness out of the fight.
In the center of the cave room, Dainichi continued to fight against Mithras, “Who are the three marked gods and goddesses, mistress?” Balder joined the fight wearing his three weapons, using his god sword and shield against the beast.
Gaia slowly moved ahead from the iron gate that blocked the race of Titians and stood in front of the stone altar with the white tinted unicorn hair strands that were still pure and untouched and a lump of golden god blood from Marcus, who was not one of the marked gods. She separated the white tinted unicorn hair strands and placed a pile into three different slots which would mark the unknown god or goddess that could open the gate of Tartarus, “I don’t know, child. But I do have a plan.”
“What is your plan, mistress?” Mandune continued to fight and yelled out loud.
She pointed at each god and goddess with laugher. “Maim, mutilate, and mall each god and diva body parts and get me their golden tinted blood. That method will ensure that I find the three marked gods and goddesses.” Gaia moved away from the stone altar and crawled along the side wall moving ahead towards Shango, who was blinded and bleeding out his golden god blood proteins over his face and hands. Her twig hand flooded with golden liquid. She slowly spun around with a leafy smile and padded back along the side wall in plain sight and without injury as the group of gods and goddesses were busy fighting against Dainichi.
“Right! I can do!” Dainichi laughed.
"Yes, she can do it!" Lugh scooted sideways from the teen line in front of the iron cage and stopped hiding down inside the opposite wall corner slightly behind the iron cage and out of danger. He donned his three god weapons to protect his body from harm and prayed to his parents for safety, squatting down in the dirt and watched the action from the other gods and goddesses. The other teens jerked out their god or goddess weapons and donned the gear.
From the wall corner, Gaia reached the stone altar with a smile and then dropped her twig hand down shaking the golden tinted god blood inside one of the three slots with a pile of white tinted hair strands. Instantly, the white tinted hair strands turned into golden hair strands. She gasped in shock and spun around, flinging the excess golden god blood from her twig hand into the solid gate, slamming into the rusty metal.
The iron door produced streams of white tinted smoke as it absorbed the golden blood from Shango. Then it hisses in metal pain and snapped open the first rusty lock.
In the middle of the room, Mandune and the other teens stopped fighting turning to see the noise.
“Look at that! The iron gate is starting to move. Shango is one of the marked gods. Gaia has found the first marked god and used his blood.” Nikki screamed in panic.
Gaia moved ahead and wiped the rest of the god blood from her twig fingers onto the door watching it hiss again, shouting out loud with her first victory. “I have found success finally. One down and two more marked gods or goddesses to go!” She swirled around with a smile and observed each teen with happiness, dancing side to side and clapping with delight of her working plan.
From the iron cage, both Thian and Thianne donned their three weapons and spun around from Marcus, rushing at Mandune while whipping each blade through the air for the final kill. Mandune performed a leap from the dirt and flew through the air wave hitting the cave ceiling separating each peaceful dangling calcite stalactite. Each stalactite silently dropped down onto each god and goddess inside the cave floor. Each teen shuffled sideways looking for safety.
In front of the iron cage, Pele lifted both of her hands and used her full goddess powers of electricity while zapping each falling projectile into a soft cloud of dust bunnies. The dust ball landed down on top of each teen.
Thian stopped in place and whipped off the yellow powder, yelling back to the goddess, “Thanks, Pele!”
Pele moved ahead and stopped in place with a smile, looking up at Mandune, “No sweat, Thian!”
From the ceiling, Mandune landed on top of the dirt in a standing pose and swung her pick axe at Thianne first. Thian shuffled in front of Thianne. Each teen took turns aiming at Mandune. 
The axe slammed into the pen, chomping the bar in half, creating an opening.
In front of the solid gate, a tiny peak hole appeared underneath the first latch. Then a small mice fell through the hole and landed down on the dirt. Gaia smelled the foul odor and spun around in gasp seeing the tiny gray tinted field mouse. "What are you?"
The small mice grew into a tall, muscular male with a pair of silver tinted eyeballs, a head of long gray tinted hair and full facial beard, and a tone of peach colored skin, wearing a red tinted tunic that exposed one side of his chest and dropped down onto the floor. He frowned at Gaia. "What are you, stick woman?"
Gaia giggled with silliness and moved ahead, hugging on the male, turning her stick body back into a tall female with a head of long red hair, a pair of blue tinted eyeballs, and a tone of olive skin. She dressed in a green tinted long dress and back stepped with a smile nodding to her first born son. "Who am I?"
He smiled. "Mother!"
"It is good to see and feel your presence again, my first born. You are free from your imprisonment."
"I greatly care to free my friends, Mother."
She spun around with a stern face and pointed at each god and goddess. "I am working on that right now. There are young gods and goddesses located here inside the cave room that is fighting with my Mandune. I do not expect my Mandune to live through the war battle. But she is a fierce ally and is assisting me with finding the two other marked gods and goddesses that will open the rest of the latches with their charmed god or goddess blood. Do you happen to know which gods or goddesses had sealed you into the cavern?"
"No! But I can join the fight."
Gaia smiled. "I am collecting the blood first before I kill off the god or goddess. We are so close of releasing the true rulers of Planet Earth and restoring the race of humans back into slavery along with the pesky gods and goddesses."
In the middle of the room, Mandune danced side to side around the huddle of gods and goddesses consisting of Nikki, Mithras, Balder, Thian, Thianne, Pele, and Kuan Yi.
Lugh still hid inside the wall corner. Marcus still continued to convert from a male god into a furry FRED.
Mandune continued to mouth spit her salvia in the air. Each god and diva easily avoided her acidic poison while swirling and twirling around the upward-growing mounds of stalagmites for protection. Mandune sliced her pick axe and continued to chop down each annoying column of hard rock.
Nikki promenaded to the side from the deadly swing. Mandune spun around and reached with her feline paw trying to grab Nikki. Balder appeared beside Nikki with a sneer and sliced the yellow tinted feline fury cat arm off Mandune. The cat arm dissolved into yellow dust without hitting the dirt floor. Nikki stood beside Balder and gasped in shock. A new yellow tinted feline furry cat rapidly grew back into a larger size.
Thian yelled out the new order to each god and goddess. “We need a new plan now. The new plan, get Shango and Ares and then get outta of here. We re-group and fight another day.”
“Roger that!” Mithras nodded with worry.
Pele gasped in shock and pointed at the solid gate. “We must stay and fight right now. One of the Titan gods is out. Titan god Kronus is standing right here and right now staring at us. Do something!” Each teen turned to face the solid gate and gasped in shock seeing the tall gigantic human male, who represented Kronus.
On front of the hissing solid iron gate, Kronus smiled and wiggled his hand in the air waves. The pail of human tools in the human hand on Mandune rattled side to side and revealed two hatchets. Each hatchet flew from the pail and then landed in one of his hands. "I agree, Mother!" He reared back and tossed his arm forward sailing a weapon at Thian.
Pele gasped in shock and jumped in front of the flying hatchet that was meant for Thian, missing the object with her goddess blade.
“No!” Thianne screamed in horror.
The first blade halted in front of Pele without hitting her chest and then swiftly dropped down, slicing off her orange tinted toenails from her two feet. Her body slowly tumbled backwards in death and spilled her golden tinted goddess blood over her body and the floor.
Gaia dashed ahead and squatted down, scooping up the goddess blood into her cupped palms, standing upright and raced back to the solid iron gate. She didn't need the white unicorn hair strands to test the targeted god or goddess. Gaia tossed the palm of blood at the iron gate and watched. The door streamed in puffs of white smoke and absorbed the blood from dead Pele hissing with metal pain. Then the second lock snapped opened.
She bounced up and down with happiness. “I have achieved success again. I only need one more marked god or goddess. Go and find that last marked god or goddess, son! Then you friend will be freed from their imprisonment.” Gaia swirled around with laughter and watched the fight.
The fight stopped again. Balder gasped in shock. “Just great! Gaia has found the second marked goddess coming from Pele's blood. Who is the last one of the marked gods or goddesses?”
Thianne frowned. “I don’t know. We don't know. No one knows, not even Gaia.”
Thian yelled in panic. “Who’s left among the teen gods and goddesses now?”
Kuan fingered each god or goddess. “Balder, Nikki, Lugh, Thian, Thianne, Mithras and me, we are the only ones that are not bleeding.”
Balder nodded. “I'll guard and protect Nikki. Someone needs to go and protect Lugh. He has decided to retire from teen god fighting," he laughed with the others.
Kuan Yi gasped in shock and then sneered in angry, spinning around, spotting Lugh in the far wall corner. “I will. I'll go and punch on Lugh,” she stomped in that direction with a lady growl of pain at the silly petite god male.
Thian smiled. "I think someone needs to go and protect Lugh from Kuan Yi."
From the solid gate, Kronus tossed a second blade that arched high in the air waves and then landed with the dull end of the hatched on top of his collar bone, slipping down, cutting through his three fingers off the right hand. Thian fell to the dirt in pain pulling his hand to his chest, cradling the injury and cursing out loud.
Gaia continued to stand in front of the iron gate and wiggled her hand levitating one of the golden tinted bloody severed fingers from his hand, slamming the digit into the iron gate.
The gate did not hiss or smoke. The gold blood evaporated from the container as spouting golden bubbles. 
She stomped her naked feet feeling defeat. “Drat! I thought for sure that god was the one of the marked gods. O well! Whose is left of the remaining, not dead gods and goddesses?” Gaia spun around with laughter and smiled at the bloody fight.
Mandune started to fight with Balder, Kuan Yi, and Nikki.
Thianne ran ahead and slide down over the dirt, colliding into her twin with worry. “Thian!”
He coughed out loud in pain. “Heal me later! Can you patch up my three missing fingers for the fight, Sis?”
"Yes! Yes. I can." Thianne ripped off the fabric from her jumpsuit and wrapped the wound tight and then quickly placed a goddess healing spell over his injury. She leaned down and lifted Thian upright from the floor while cuddling him into her chest. “Pele.” She whispered with sadness and stared down at the dead body.
Mithras ran to Pele and squatted down checking her body signs. Both of her eyelashes were open. Golden tinted goddess blood covered the dirt floor, her fashion sandals, and her severed toes. “Pele is dead. I'm so sorry, Pele.” He slowly stood upright from the dirt and twirled his god sword, shouting out loud to Kronus. “Can you dance the tango, Kronus?”
“I might be a little rusty, boy. But I’m like to lead the waltz.” Kronus smiled at the young god.
“I like to pa-re.” Mithras leaped from the dirt. Kronus leaped into the air. They both started fighting each other and slowly dropped down on the dirt to continue the fight.
Mandune started to attack Balder with her pick axe and kicked out her camel leg at Nikki. Nikki back stepped in heavy breathes of fighting and yelled out loud. “It is time to die, ya ugly, smelly beasty thing.” She whipped her blade at the monster.
Several feet from the iron gate, first born Titan god Kronus reached out and tried to stab Mithras tumbling over the short floor stalagmite mound, landing down on the floor.
“No kills for you, old man.” Mithras tasted his own blood and laughed out loud, wiping off the golden liquid, whipping his sword in the air.
Kronus reached out with a grin and sliced his dagger across the naked ankles, separating the bone from the two naked feet on the young god. Mithras fell back in shock and pain. Kronus cut off the toes. Mithras stopped breathing. Kronus slowly stood upright and smiled down at the dead young god. "Now, that is the method of killing a god. Yes, I remember so well. One kill for me, you stupid young male god.” He laughed out loud and leaned down, slowly slicing off the naked big toe from the foot. “This little piggy went to the market.” He sliced the second toe with evil laughter. “This little piggy stayed home.” He roared with laughter.
Gaia stood in front of the iron gate that continued to hiss and smoke from the two marked gods and goddesses, waving her hand at Kronus. “O Kronus! Please bring me a blood sample, son.”
Kronus lifted the middle naked toe from the dirt floor and tossed the bloody item in the air, aiming at the iron gate. The bloody human toe from dead Mithras hit the gate and then exploded into a pile of golden tinted bubbles slowly drifting into the air waves.
Gaia frowned at each bubble. “Drat! That isn't the marked god either. Go and kill another god or goddess, son!”
In the middle of the cave room, Nikki dropped down on the dirt and missed the axe swing, busting her nose bridge on the floor. Her golden blood trickled down her face and landed don the dirt. The plot of dirt slowly lifted up from the floor and elegantly floated through the air by way of goddess kinesis from Gaia.
Nikki looked up and gasped in shock, “You’re one sick woman.”
Gaia smashed the plot of dirt with the wet golden goddess blood from Nikki into the iron gate. The door produced tons of white tinted steam and then hisses breaking the last glass pipe, sending golden flakes into the air. She bounced up and down with delight. “Eureka! I struck goddess blood. The third pipe has been broken.”
Mandune and Balder halted their fighting and stared at the iron gate that hissed and sizzled with movement. Balder gasped in worry, “O no! Nikki is the last marked goddesses. Her blood has opened the gate and will release the race of Titans,” he leaned down and jerked Nikki from the floor, cuddling her with worry and love.
Gaia back stepped from the iron gate a few feet and stared with a smile at the movement, shouting out loud “Stop! Look! Listen!”
Each glass cylinders was broken and missing the ancient god blood that had sealed the door. The earth started to shake. Each teen danced side to side trying to stay upright. The gate rattled. The dirt swirled in the air. Each floor stalagmites exploded into dust. Each ceiling stalactite exploded into dust also. Each faint voices cheered. And then the gate creaked open.
“Too Titans!” Gaia tossed both of her arms in the air and smiled at the new opening in the iron gate.
Kronus stood upright and smiled at the open gate door also, “Too victory!”
Kuan Yi gasped in alarm and shouted out loud, “Too late!”
“Talos!” Thian shoved his friends from the center of the room and moved against the side wall standing beside his unconscious friend Shango. The ceiling opened and revealed rays of bright sunlight. Then a big bronze colored machine dropped down through ceiling landing with a heavy feet on top of the dirt, creating a tornado of red tinted  dust bunnies in the air. The machine kneeled before Thian like a metal servant.
Thian pointed at the iron gate with a stern face and ordered the machine. “Go and hold that gate closed, Talos!”
Talos slowly stood upright from the dirt and spun around marching ahead without sing or words, standing eighty feet in height and fourteen feet in width, wearing two mechanic arms, two hands, two legs and two feet and a machine head with a pair of bright blue eyeballs.
“No!” Gaia spun around from the iron gate and gasped at the tall machine.
In the line of teens in-between Thian including Lugh, Kuan Yi, Balder, Nikki, Thianne. Shango continued to lean against the wall and rested his dizzy headache.
“Where did that mechanic man come from, Thian?” Kuan Yi grinned at the back spine on the walking metal machine.
“I found our new metal friend Talos inside Pete's Garage near Lake Martin that resides on Service Road 62.”
Balder smiled. “Dang it!”
“Holy snot!” Lugh cheered with delight.
“Who-hoo!” Thianne tossed both of her arms in the air.
“Neat-o.” Nikki smiled at the machine.
Kuan Yi, “All right!”
“Our metal friend Talos is made from bronze metal that had been personally burned by the god hand on Vulcan. He is fueled to run foreverly.” Thian smiled at the back spine on the machine.
In front of the shifting iron gate, Gaia tossed her arms in the air and yelled at the machine. “No! Stop your movement! I command it. I am Mother Nature. I command that you cease and stop your movement.”
Balder smiled at the back spine on the machine, “What’s the fuel for Talos?”
Thian nodded. “God blood is the fuel and it is stored within the metal cells for eons. Blood doesn’t taint. And Talos is a semi-god.”
Kuan Yi frowned. “Our new friend Talos is a demi-god.”
He laughed. “Talos is a semi-god like a semi-truck. He is a machine of parts, not flesh and blood.”
Nikki smiled. “You're awesome, Thian!”
“Thanks!” Thian smiled.
Mandune/Dainichi stood in the walking pathway of the metal giant waving a weapon in each one of her four hand, screamed with rage at Talos. Talos did not stop to talk but slapped his foot into her body sending Mandune into the side wall. Mandune slammed into the dirt wall as her inertia kept moving sending her body deeper into the cavern without sound.
Balder sneered at the hole in the wall that held the dead goddess. “Hold your spit, Dainichi!”
“The machine can’t stop the evitable.” Kronus stood to the side and stared at the iron gate. The iron gate was ripping from the seams as each muscle from an existing Titan god and goddess continued to push on the rusty gate.
On the side wall, Balder leaned over and frowned into the cheekbone on Thian. “This ain’t working, Thian. I think we need to go to plan B.”
“There is no Plan B, bro!” Thian frowned.
Nikki frowned. “How about we move to Plan C?”
“There is no Plan C either.” Thian informed.
Lugh nodded with a smile. “Then let us go and implement plans D or E or F which would greatly work too.”
Thianne frowned, “Why isn’t this working, Thian?”
Kuan Yi nodded. “The gate had been cursed and then has been opened by three marked gods and goddesses. Thus, the same gate has to be re-sealed by the same marked gods and goddesses.”
Lugh nodded with a grin and kicked the leg on an unconscious Shango. “That's easy! Shango is here and he is one of the marked gods.”
Nikki slapped her chest and nodded with a smile. “I am one of the marked goddesses.”
Thianne frowned. “The third marked goddess.”
Gaia spun around and shouted out loud, “Pele is dead, dear!”
Thianne frowned. "Shut up, Satan’s Grandmother!”
She laughed. “That is only a silly expression, child. You lose. I win.”
Kuan Yi shook her curls. “Look here! There must be a fourth marked god. The gods and goddesses always prepare a backup plan. Who could be the fourth marked god or goddess among us?”
Thianne nodded with a smile. “I agree with Kuan Yi. The unicorn hair can tell us, if one of us is the fourth marked god or goddess. Then...then we can use the marked gods and goddesses and close up the gate without releasing the band of nasty Titan warriors into our world. The end!”
Lugh smiled. “Marcus is the fourth marked god.”
Balder laughed. “Forget about Marcus! The un-war-like Ares is out of commission with this fight.”
Nikki nodded. “Thian, go and do your glue thing with your god powers!”
Thian held up his injured right hand with the three severed fingers that wrapped in the orange tinted jumpsuit fabric. “That is a no-go with three missing digits, ya'll!”
She frowned.  “We’re done.”
Thianne frowned. “We’re doomed.”
Lugh frowned. “We’re dead.”
Kuan Yi nodded. “We need to pray for a miracle.”
Talos leaned his metal body into the sizzling iron that was turning into gooey metal. Made of iron elements, a part of Talos slowly dissolved into liquid and dropped down on the dirt floor until the metal friend was nothing but a row of bubbling iron ore.
Lugh back stepped from the line of teens and slammed into the dirt wall shouting out the warning. “Stand back, ya'll! The gate is going to implode.”
Thian frowned. “Once the gate implodes, the race of Titans will be free. So, we gotta fight all of them.”
Balder shook his curls. “I knew he was going to say that.”
Lugh gasped in worry, “The gate is buckling from the pressure. Fire, wind, sun, water, sky, moon, stars, wood, earth …”
Balder spun around and frowned at Lugh, “What in the heck are you saying, Lugh?”
He smiled with a nod. “I'm searching for the correct password that would seal up the gate.”
“The gate is not a computer laptop.”
“Well, I only wished that it was. Then I could purge and re-boot like a human machine.”
The gate exploded in an array of bright fireworks creating pink, green, and lavender. Each person dropped down onto the dirt and covered their face. The dust kicked up in the air causing each person to cough out loud.
Once the dust cleared, a huge hole showed in the center of the gate. The first group of Titans gods slowly emerged from the dark cave and stood in a semi-crooked line scanning the new cave room. Each god stood ten feet in height and wore a set of muscles that was covered in red dirt, displaying a pair of dark stained walking shorts, a torn and ratty white tinted robe, and a pair of sandaled feet without a weapons.
Each person slowly stood upright from the dirt and wiped off a dirty face, staring at the line of Titans gods.
Balder gasped in shock. “They should go and play professional basketball, instead of act like a group of bad guys.”
Lugh gasped in alarm. “They are a set of big, tall, giants. How are we to fight against them, Thian?”
Thianne stared at the line of Titans and smiled with a whisper. “They're a line of handsome studs.”
Thian turned with puzzlement and frowned at the cheekbone on his sister, “What did you say, Sis? I couldn't hear your words, Thianne,” he returned back and studied the line of Titan gods.
Kuan Yi wiggled her hips and winked at the line of Titans. “I see only tall, dark and handsome men.”
Nikki smiled. “Ah! They're gorgeous and handsome and ...”
“What’s wrong with you, girl?” Balder turned and stared down at the dirty hair roots on Nikki.
Nikki smiled and sniffed the odor in the air while waving at the row of Titan gods. “They smell like leather, oak moss and musk and sharp citrus and spices of cinnamon, clove and basil. That's an old world scent. I love the old world smells.”
Balder returned back and sneered at the line of Titan gods. “That's the beginning of time, before me and you were born. What's wrong with the three goddesses, Thian?”
Thianne smiled. "I see a line of handsome men in a row."
Her brother Thian frowned. “Yeah. I see a line of dirty men in a row that are bigger and taller than my physical body type. I don't know how we will manage to beat them.”
Balder nodded. “Do we go and fight them?”
He continued to frown. “Yeah, we go and fight them.”
Balder continued to worry about his girl and turned to view the other two goddesses Thianne and Kuan Yi that wore the same stupid grin, “What’s wrong with the three goddesses, Thian?” He stared at Thian.
On the side wall, Lugh continued to stand and worry at the row of tall and mean Titan gods. “I do not know. I do not care. When is this party over with? I wanna go back home. I wanna see my parents. Where are my parents?”
On the row of Titan gods, each male wiggled a finger in the air. Their body donned a short red tinted robe and a pair of sandaled feet along with bronze tinted body armor over the chest and both of the legs, holding an individual curved silver tinted saber.
On the side wall, Balder leaned down and gently shook his girl while feeling confusion and jealousy over the row of Titan gods. “Snap out of it, Nikki! We're about to start the fight and win. Stop mouth drooling over the enemy, girl!”
In front of the broken gate, the row of Titan gods continued to stand and smile at the line of young and inexperienced gods and goddesses. Kronus, the oldest of the children from Gaia, spun around and snapped his fingers, wearing a matching body armor over his chest and both of his legs, holding a bronze tinted curved saber. "Gods and goddesses, I am the King of the Titans and Titans and Titanesses. I am the Titan god of destructive time that devours everything."
Lugh frowned. "That does not sound very good to me."
He smiled and pointed to the row of Titan gods. "I would like to present my four Titan brothers. The first tall and handsome god is my brother Koios, who is the Titan god of the intellect. He was the mastermind behind the revolution."
Koios nodded with a smile to the young gods and goddesses and displayed a head of long flowing amber colored head, a tone of bronze tinted skin tone, and a pair of amber tinted eyeballs.
Kronus smiled. "My next brother is known as Krios. He is the Titan god of the heavenly constellations."
Krios did not nod but growled at the youngsters displaying a head of long flowing brown tinted hair, a matching goatee, a pair of brown tinted eyeballs, and a tone of brown tinted skin tone.
Kronus nodded. "My third brother is Hyperion. He is the Titan god of lights measured by the sun, the moon, and the dawn's early light."
Hyperion pointed a finger at each young god and goddess with a grin and exhibited a head of long flowing blonde colored hair, a pair of red tinted eyeballs, and a tone of yellow tinted skin.
Kronus smiled. "And my last brother is Iapetus. He is the Titan god of mortality."
Iapetus nodded to the row of young gods and goddesses, without speaking. He wore a head of black tinted hair, a pair of pale skin, and a pair of blue eyeballs.
Kronus nodded to the younger gods and goddesses. "Alas! Each one of us had been imprisoned here inside the dark pit of Tartarus by my the leader of the gods and goddesses and my biological son Zeus, after he had become victorious in the civil war. All of our Titan sisters and our other younger Titan brothers decided to ally with Zeus. Thus, they had spared a life of ugly and ungodly dull and boring isolation for eons."
A flash of light blue hue dropped down from the open ceiling that exposed the bright sunlight and landed on top of the dirt standing beside the last brother Iapetus. The light morphed into a tall and slender female wearing an ankle-length gown in white hue, displaying a head of red tinted hair, a pair of brown eyeballs, and a tone of pale skin.
Silver-haired Kronus turned and smiled at the female. "Clymene, welcome to the fight, my dear!"
"Thank you for the invitation, darling!" Clymene, the Titan goddess of fame was the wife of Iapetus and stood beside her husband leaning over and kissed his cheekbone, returning back and sneered at the younger gods and goddesses. She lifted her bronze tinted curved saber in front of her face with loud growls at the lines of enemies.
A flash of dark green light landed down on top of the dirt and stood beside Clymene revealing Mnemosyne, the Titan goddess of memory, words, and language. She exhibited a head of long flowing red tinted hair, a pair of blue tinted eyeballs, and a tone of red tinted skin.
Kronus acknowledged his new alley. "Dearest Mnemosyne, thank you for answering the call of the wild." He laughed with his Titan allies.
She nodded with a smile. "I never forget a fight, dearest brother."
A new flash of light slowly descended down through the open ceiling and landed beside Mnemosyne morphing into a column of blue tinted water.
Kronus laughed. "I like your entrance, brother Okeanos."
The column of water quickly transformed into a tall, muscular male with a head of long blue tinted hair and a full facial beard, a pair of yellow tinted eyeballs, and a tone of green tinted skin wearing a skin-tight red tinted jumpsuit, holding a bronze pike axe. He nodded to Kronus and lifted up his axe pointing at each young god and goddesses for the upcoming war battle. Okeanos was the Titan god of fresh water rivers. "I'm ready and willing, Kronus."
A flash of yellow tinted light landed down beside Okeanos and then revealed Selene, the Titan goddess of the moon. She wore a tone of gray colored hair, a pair of gray eyeballs, and a tone of pale tinted skin.
Kronus smiled with a nod. "Welcome, sister Selene! I have missed your glow."
"My glow and my gloating is back here for you, Kronus." She nodded with a smile.
Kronus extended his hand to his allies with a smile. "Welcome my Titan brothers and sisters to the war battle! Now, with the help from our mother Gaia, the Titan gods are back and smiling with revenge taking out blood lust out on you pesky little critters that dare to roam my planet," then he jabbed a finger at each young god and goddess with a sneer. "You are a row of doomed tiny hot tots. We win here. You will lose here. The race of Titans are stronger than any Greeks, Romans, Mexican, Britons, African, Norse, Celtics ...”
“O! Shut it up, Kronus!” A baritone timber laughed out loud at the tall Titan god.
In front of the three row of teen gods and goddesses, a new entity stood and stared at the row of Titans and Titanesses while growling and sneering at their newest enemy.
Teen god Balder cuddled teen goddess Nikki and pointed at the numerous rows of adults that wore a neon colored outfit that materialized in front of the teens. He cheered with happiness. “Hey, ya'll! Look at that in front of our faces. Our parents have arrived to save the day. Yeah! Yay!” He and Nikki danced around with glee and relief.
One-by-one each mature and experienced god and goddess appeared as a flash of colored light landing down on the top of the dirt within any line forming a defense line in front of the younger and inexperienced god Thian, goddess Thianne, god Balder, goddess Nikki, goddess Kuan Yi, and god Lugh.
Each one of the Celtic gods and goddesses was taller than average height and displayed a head of red tinted hair, a pair of green tinted eyeballs, and a tone of pink tinted skin.
Each one of the Hindu gods and goddesses was average height and exhibited a head of light brown tinted hair, a pair of brown tinted eyeballs, and a tone of brown tinted skin.
Each one of the Greek gods and goddesses was taller than average height and wore a head of blonde colored hair, a pair of blue eyeballs, and a tone of pale tinted skin.
Each one of the African gods and goddesses presented average height and displayed a head of black colored hair, a pair of black tinted eyeballs, and a tone of black tinted skin.
Each one of the Chinese gods and goddesses presented a petite statue and exhibited a head of dark brown colored, a pair of dark eyeballs, and a tone of olive tinted skin.
Each one of the Mexican gods and goddesses presented a short statue and wore a head of black tinted hair, a pair of brown tinted eyeballs, and tone of brown colored skin.
And finally each one of the gods and goddesses wore a neon orange colored sleeveless tee shirt and a pair of matching orange tinted jeans with a pair of matching boots holding a golden tinted sword and a matching golden tinted body shield.
One the front row with mature and experienced gods and goddesses starting with Venus, the Roman goddess of beauty. She formed the first position standing beside Ares, the Greek god war with Thor, the Celtic god of thunder, then Marduk, the god of Babylon war, then Apollo, the Greek god of the sun, and finally Vayu, the Hindus god of wind.
On the second line, Agni, the Hindu god of fire stood in the first position next to Deng, the African sky god, then Epona, the Celtic horse goddess, then Artemis, the Greek goddess of the hunt, then Morrigan, the Celtic goddess of battle, and finally Mars, the Roman god of war.
On the third row, Poseidon, the Greek god of the water stood in the first position next to Danu, the Celtic goddess of Mother Earth, then Goibhniu, Celtic god of the smith, then Cliodna, the Celtic goddess of beauty, and finally Luctha, the Celtic god of wrights.
On the fourth line, Tsui, the African god of rain stood in the first position next to Tore, the African god of wood, then Shankpana, the African god of angry, then Gbadu, the African goddess of fate, then Yemaja, then African goddess of fertility, and finally Mugasa, the African god of sky, I-Ti.
On the fifth row, Pa, the Chinese god of wine stood in the first pose next to Fu-Hsi, the Chinese goddess of droughts, then Lu-Pan, the Chinese god of love, then finally Lo-Shen, the Chinese goddess of rivers.
On the sixth line, Quetzalcoatl, the Mexican god of wisdom stood in the first position next to the Tezcatlipoca, the Mexican god of war, then Tlaloc, the Mexican god of rain, then Patecatl, the Mexican god of medicine, and finally Tlazolteotl, the Mexican earth goddess.
On the next row, Chalchihuitlicue, the Mexican goddess of water posed on the first position next to Xilonen, the Mexican goddess of corn, then Kune, the Hawaiian god of trees, then Lake, the Hawaiian goddess of the song, and finally Lono, the Hawaiian god of storms.
The other gods and goddesses continued to descend down into the cave room and formed a new row while sneering at the line of Titans and Titanesses to protect and defend the teen gods and goddesses plus save Planet Earth again.
On the front row of the gods and goddesses, in front of Thian and his teen friends, Marduk, the Babylonia war god turned and frowned at the nose profile on Greek god Apollo. “I thought someone had invited Hercules to the war party.”
Apollo sneered and stared at Titan King Kronus. “Hercules is a demigod, not full god status or statue. Anyways, he's busy working on another new human television show.”
A golden streak of flash landed down on top of the dirt and revealed Athene. The Greek goddess of war landed down in an empty space on the edge of the second row in front of the young gods and goddesses. She wore a black tinted leather jumpsuit and held her golden body shield and pointed the tip of her golden tinted sword at Titan god Pallas, sneering at the male. "Here! Look over here at me, Pallas! I had defeated you once in battle. Here, I will defeat you again in battle. Come and feel my new war craft skills, again, old man!" She wiggled her hips and her sword at the Titan god.
Ten feet tall and full of muscles, Pallas wore a red tinted robe with a set of bronze body gear and a matching bronze tinted saber displaying a head of golden hair, a pair of golden eyeballs and matching skin tone. He was Titan god of war craft and laughed out loud. "You wish, Miss Greek goddess Athene!"
A mauve tinted flash landed down on the dirt and revealed Phoebe, the Titan goddess of intellect standing on the front line at the end, sneering at the line of Titan brothers and sisters. She wore a white tinted long gown and exhibited a head of long flowing strawberry-blonde hair, a pair of violet eyeballs, and a tone of pale skin holding her bronze tinted body shield and matching Titan goddess sword.
Kronus frowned at his Titan sister. "Dear Phoebe, you stand on the wrong side in the fight today. Do you possess a brain fart or something major?"
She sneered at her brother. "First, I'm smarter than my brother. Second, I stand on the right side. Third, I'll always fight to defend my grandson Apollo, ya old goat. You should surrender now. Else, you will going back into that dark pit, complements of my sword." Phoebe laughed with the other gods and goddesses.
A cyan tinted flash of light landed on the third row and then revealed Dione, the Titan goddess of prophecy. She wore a pink tinted long gown and exhibited a head of long flowing blonde colored hair, a pair of amber eyeballs, and a tone of olive skin.
Kronus sneered at his Titan sister. "I am seeing a pattern here with my sisters."
"I predict nothing but blood and gore here, brother dear. I am Dione and I am a Titanesse. And I am here to protect my child goddess Aphrodite with my sword and my life. So, come and get me, brother, if you can," she laughed with the other gods and goddesses, not the Titan line.
Dione stood beside her daughter Aphrodite. Aphrodite leaned and hugged her mom, smiling with delight, standing upright and sneered at the line of Titans and Titanesses.
A brown tinted flash of light descended down into the cave room and stood beside Pallas revealing Epimetheus, who was the Titan god of excuses. He wore a red tinted short robe with a bronze body armor and a matching bronze saber, sneering at the lines of Olympia gods and goddesses for imprisoning his relatives eons ago. He stood ten feet tall and dark skin with a head of long flowing brown tinted hair and a pair of amethyst eyeballs.
Kronus nodded with a smile to his brother. "Welcome, Epimetheus! I have missed you greatly."
"Well, I needed some excuse to leave my home for some fun." Epimetheus laughed.
An orange tinted flash of light dropped down and formed on the rear row next to Zeus, revealing Rhea, the Queen of the Titans. She was the Titan goddess of fertility and exhibited a head of dirty blonde hair, a pair of aqua colored eyeballs, and a tone of pale tinted skin. wearing a long ankle-length blue gown without her Titan weapons.
Kronus frowned. "Really, Rhea? Are you going to fight with them again? I mean, I am your kingly husband."
She lifted up a tan colored smooth rock stone, instead of her Titan sword, shaking her long flowing blonde tinted hair, laughing out loud, "I am not here to fight but to feed you another stone that's not wrapped in pretty swaddling cloth. You can carry this rock memento back down into the dark pit, pondering your past Titan mistakes, after my son Zeus whips your ass again, Kronus."
He sneered. "Really, Rhea!"
Rhea laughed with a smile, "Really, Kronus!" She bounced the rock up and down with one hand and winked at her kingly husband. Her son Zeus leaned over and peaked a light kiss on the cheekbone of his mom, standing back upright and laughed at the line of Titan allies.
A flash of lavender color descended down into the cave room and revealed Hecate, the Titan god of ghosts, witchcraft, and necromancy. His body was a translucent ghostly figure in human form that displayed a white tinted robe and a tone of muscles with a head of long ghostly hair and eye socket without a Titan weapon. He laughed with a nod to Kronus. "I wouldn't miss this fight, even if I were dead."
On the row of gods and goddesses, Shankpana, the African god of angry laughed, "You're dead, moron! I killed you the last time during the civil war. How it is possible that you stand here in my presence without breathing? You're a ghost, not a god," he laughed with the others.
Hecate slapped his chest with his hand that carried through the other side displaying a twisted arm. Each god and goddess groaned from the ugly limb. Hecate laughed. "Well, I am a figment of your vivid and colorful imagination, boy. So, just annoy me, while I haunt you for the rest of your days and night, Shankpana!" He laughed with the other Titans. 
On the side wall, the teen gods and goddesses continued to stand and smile while watching each ancient god and goddess appear before their person to defend their teenly life form against Gaia and her Titan sons and daughters.
An amber flash of light slowly descended down into the cave floor and materialized a male figure in front of the side wall with Shango. Shango was moaning and covered in his golden god blood on his face, his hand and his tee shirt feeling dizziness and out of the fight.
The male stood in average height and wore a bald head, a pair of brown eyes, and a tone of dark black skin displaying an orange colored tee shirt, a pair of matching jeans, and a set of  matching cowboy boots without wearing a golden tinted god shield. He squatted down and reached out, gently touching the broken nose bridge on Shango. "Archibald, I am here. I am your father. My name is Bumba. Do not try to move or speak. I am here to protect and save you from the race of nasty Titans and Titanesses, my son." He leaned over and kissed the forehead on my son, pulling back with a smile, slowly standing upright from the dirt. He smiled down at his son and spun around, whipping both of his arms in the air like two weapons without displaying his god sword, growling at the increasing line of Titans and Titanesses while waiting for the second civil war to start. His son Archibald was in pain and dizzy with a headache for fighting against the Mandune and losing without permanent death. So, Bumba would do all the killing for both his person and his son. His wife was the human female of their long term marry and safely hiding on Planet Jupiter with the other mortal human spouses during the second civil war.
On the line of the teens, goddess Thianne gasped in alarm and dashed ahead through the rows of people, slamming into the back spine on the petite, slender female that exhibited a mixed external aura of deep red for strong will, orange hue for vigor, green for balance, and blue for calmness, and gold hue for wisdom. "Mom!” She leaned down and hugged her petite mother with joyful happiness.
Her mom pulled back and coughed out loud from the brutal hug, smiling at her biological daughter, wearing an orange tinted tee shirt and a pair of orange tinted jeans, a tone of golden tined long flowing hair, a pair of golden eyes, and a tone of golden tinted skin. She nodded to  her baby girl, who was now a grown teenager. “Thianne, I'm so pleased to see you alive and well.” Nike, the Greek goddess of victory had not touched her baby girl, since Thianne was born but had continued to watch over her twins from the safe environment on Planet Jupiter within the Milky Way Galaxy. “Let us dispatch the wicked Titans and Titanesses first. Then we have much too catch up on. I love you, Thianne! Where's your brother?”
She smiled. "I love you, Mom! Thian is located back there with the other teens and he is clueless to your motherly presence here inside the cave room, since I'm the smarter twin here." Thianne laughed. "I'm going to stand with you and fight against all of the enemies and protect you, Mom."
"Yes, dear! Stick close to me, Thianne! The race of Titan and Titanesses are both cunning and nasty. I don't want you hurt, until we can talk about your entire life from birth to now." She sneered at the line of Titans.
"Yes, ma'am! I heard that statement loud and clear." Thianne turned and stared with worry at the line of Titan gods and goddesses.
She nodded. "You are indeed the smarter twin, daughter."
Lugh slowly paced ahead and looked up at each god and goddess without donning his three god weapons, admiring each new face and then wondered onto the front row. He stopped and looked up at the god. “Are you really the real war of god Ares?”
Ares looked down and sneered at the short teen god. “Actually, I am the Greek god of blood thirst and slaughter.”
“You're my dad.” Lugh leaned over and hugged the two kneecaps on taller Ares.
He gasped in shock. “What! What are you doing down there, serf? Stop it! Go away! I am not your father, teen god,” he gently kicked out his leg and shoved Lugh from his tall body.
Lugh flowed with the motion and stopped a few feet from Ares, looking up with a smile, slapping his chest. "O! Are you not? I look just like you, Daddy. I am handsome. I am smart. I am cute."
He growled at Lugh, "Go and get back in line for the fight, kid! Or go and get back into the wall for safety, shorty. I have a meeting with blood, gore, and broken bones on the Titan line of snarling gods and goddesses." He looked up and sneered at Kronus.
Lugh back stepped with a smile and spun around with chuckles, dashing ahead through the tall gods and goddesses, moving back to the side wall and out of danger. He stopped and stood beside the unknown male. "Who are you, sir?"
Bumba looked down and laughed at Liam. "I am a god of average height and awesome powers, who is protecting his son. Who are you, little man?"
Lugh gasped in shock and slapped his chest. "I am a god too."
Bumba growled at Lugh, "Then, you need to turn around and pull out your god sword. We are about to engage in the second civil war with the race of nasty Titans." He returned back and continued to whip both of his naked arms in the air while growling at the enemy without whipping out his god sword or god shield to protect his body and his son.
Lugh frowned at the old man and spun around, sitting on top of the dirt, leaning over and smiled down at Shango, without drawing his personal god sword or any of his god weapons. He stared ahead into the rows of gods and goddesses only seeing rows of smooth girly and hairy manly legs. "Well, Shango, this is it, finally. The end of our journey together. My and your parents are here somewhere among the rows of good gods and goddesses, who are going to fight against the tiny line of bad gods and goddesses. I hope the fight is quick. I'm getting hungry for the breakfast meal."
A flame of crimson light invaded the cave room and landed on the third row, revealing Poseidon, the god of the seas. He wore a orange tinted jumpsuit and a pair of matching sandals, twirling his golden tinted sword in front of his body, sneering at the Titan line.
Kronus laughed out loud. “Son of Kronus has finally arrived. You almost missed the party, boy.”
Poseidon smiled. “Alas! You’re too late for my birthday party, again, Father.”
“Well, I think the attendees are all gathered here inside the large cave room. So, let's get this party started right now and right here. Attack the younglings!” Kronus raised his sword and shouted out his fight order.
On the front line of Olympia gods and goddesses, Greek god of war Ares lifted up his sword and shouted out his fight command. “Attack the old folks!”
The rows of remaining artificial lights blinked off making the cave room very dark with a small ray of moonlight and as each pair of eyeballs was blind. Each body was still and as each voice slowly mumbled with confusion.
"Selene!" Kronus yelled in frustration at his Titan sister.
Selene stood in the Titan with soft giggles and stared through the darkness at nothing. "O! Did I do that? I'm so sorry, Kronus! I wanted to add my special Titan girl touch to the new civil war."
On the line of Olympia gods and goddesses, Quetzalcoatl, the Mexican god of wisdom shouted out loud with annoyance, "I possess wisdom here. We can't fight in the dark. Who brought a wax candle?"
A flash of lilac colored light slowly descended down and landed in the middle of the cave floor. A bright light shined throughout the room and illuminated each wall, the floor, the partial ceiling dirt, and each god and goddess. A ten foot tall, slender female wore a long flowing pink tinted gown and displayed a head of long flowing dirty blonde hair, a pair of brown eyeballs, and a tone of pale skin. She carried a long wand with an illuminated stone in bright yellow tone.
Kronus smiled at his Titan sister. "Theia, how nice of you to drop by for our little gathering? And you have arrived in time to save the day."
She sneered. "Shut up, Kronus! I am only here to shine the light into each face. I am not here for the party or the fight," she lifted up from the dirt and soared through the air, halting in the far wall corner away from the rows of warriors, spinning around. She slowly extended her long wand with the lighted stone in the air that continued to provide illumination inside the cave room.
On the front line of Olympia gods and goddesses, Greek god of light Apollo raced ahead and ordered to the other gods and goddesses. “Some of the gods or goddesses, go and contain Gaia until the battle fight has been won by the good guys and gals. We do not want her waning her Earth powers at  one or all of us during the vicious fight.”
The African god of rain, Tsui lifted his sword and raced ahead, shouting out his command. “Minor deities, come and form-up around me. We're going to capture and contain Gaia for being a very bad goddess.” Tasan, the Persian god of cattle; Urvan, the Persian god of oxen; Abellio, the Celtic god of apples; Haoma, Persian god of herbs; Tore, African god of wood; Xilonen, the Mexican goddess of corn, and finally Kune, the Hawaiian god of trees, all of them yelled out loud their rebel fight and followed the back spine on Tsui.
In the wall corner near the broken iron gate, Gaia gasped in alarm and dashed across the side wall moving towards the new hole on the opposite side of the room, where Mandune had exited the room and then died. The minor deities scattered about and surround Gaia stopping the goddess from escaping the fight and her upcoming punishment.
Gaia stopped and leaned against the wall staring at the circle of angry minor gods and goddesses from nature including crop agriculture and animals. “Ah look! I see the colored coordinated little baby power-less wranglers. There is a baby pink wrangler of fishes, a green tinted wrangler of herbs and a baby red wrangler of apples, a baby yellow tinted wrangler of corn. What! I don’t see a baby silver tinted wrangler of iron ore.”
“Stow it, Gaia!” Tsui sneered.
“Ah! The forest rangers and rangerettes are here, with me, also,” she laughed. “And I see a semi-crooked dancing line of wranglerettes, who have arrived for the lousy half-time show. Who is going to play the flute this year, dolls?”
Urvan, the Persian god of oxen growled at the goddess. "Shut it, Earth goddess!"
Gaia laughed. “O! I am spared the woe from the minor leagues.”
“You don’t get it, Gaia!” Doris, Greek goddess of fish told.
Ki Lin, the Chinese god of unicorns told. “We all are here to negate you, all of your goddess powers, and your once major goddess status, right here and right now.”
“We all represent the natural elements that feed into your super duper, overrated earthly goddess abilities.” Hertha, Norse goddess of cows snarled at Gaia.
Chloris, the Roman goddess of flowers growled and released handful of soft petals at Gaia. “You are zapped and tapped with empty power, girlfriend.”
“Try and lift up your pinky finger, sub-creature Gaia!” Amaethon, the Welsh god of agriculture smiled. Gaia gasped in alarm and stood in front of the dirt wall, trying to lift her arm without successful. Then she tried to shake her hand without success. And finally she tried to wiggle her pink finger without movement and screamed in fury and fear. Her body was frozen in time and space by the minor gods and goddesses of nature here on Planet Earth.
Esus, Welsh god of fish smiled at Gaia. “All of the laws of nature rule over a very bad goddess. So, we have taken over and rule each law of nature which includes you, Gaia.”
Gaia screamed in fury. “I can’t join the fight with my sword, but I can use my mouth. Kill them, Kronus!”
“I'm coming to you, Mother!” Kronus sliced down on the short naked arm on Fu-Hsi, the Chinese goddess of droughts killing the petite god. Her body dissolved into a puff of orange colored dust. His saber was coated in her golden tinted goddess blood. 
“Come and follow me, warriors!” Ares battled through the line of Titans and continued to led the charge with Ku, Tiki god of war, Onuris, Egyptian of war, Odin, Norse god of war, Ankt, Egyptian goddess of war, and Athene, Roman goddess of war in his row.
Epimetheus, the Titan god of excuses moved ahead with a smile and stopped, standing behind the back spine on a shorter and young gods who was named Balder. “You’re excused from the bloody fight, little man.”
Balder wounded the Titan goddess who back stepped from the fight and dashed into the dirt, “Little man?” He spun around and sneered at the taller god, speaking into the chest on the Titan. “I stand six feet and five inches tall, ya arse fart.”
“Arse fart! That's a very difficult phase to say using both of those weird nouns at the same time.” He laughed with humor.
“Arse fart!” Balder laughed also.
“Arse fart! Is that the best you got there, little man?” Epimetheus swung his sword at Balder and missed. Balder ducked down from the jab without injury.
Thor, the Norse god of thunder stood six feet and five inches in height wearing a head of short blonde tinted hair and a pair of blue eyeballs with a tone of pale tinted skin, quickly dashing ahead and lifted up his hammer, slamming the weapon down at the back spine on the Titan god. The Titan god spun around and snarled at Thor. Thor leaned down and slammed the naked toes on the Epimetheus, chopping off the digits, killing the male. “Do you need some help there, deva?”
Titan god Epimetheus stumbled backwards and landed down on the dirt with a thick thump and a cloud of red dust without disintegrating into nothingness.
“I’m a god.” Balder stood upright and growled at the older man and then gasped in shock, nodding with a smile. “You look like someone that I know.”
Thor gasped in shock and the smiled, “You look like someone I know.”
He smiled. “Are you my dad?”
Thor nodded. “Are you my son?”
He slapped his chest with a smile. “I’m your son, Balder.”
 “I’m your father, Thor.” Thor smiled and then frowned. “Wait! I thought we named you ...”
“Balder! That's my pretend Norse god name, Dad. Yes, I am called Hansel from you and mom. Where is my mother?”
Thor leaned over and hugged his son, pulling back with a smile, “I'm so glad to see you here, Hansel. We fight first and then caught up with your teen life, son. Get back to work!” He spun around and pounced on the Titan goddess fighting with the tall female.
“I'm so happy to see you here with me, Dad. Yeah, back to work!” Balder spun around and jumped into a new fight with two other Olympia goddesses against one of the ten foot Titan god.
Thor danced around the ten foot Titan goddess and called out to his wife with a smile. “Sif, darling!”
“I'm a little busy over here, dear!” Sif, the Norse goddess of loveliness and displayed a head of long flowing golden tinted hair that barely touched the dirt soil, wearing a wreathe of wildflowers around the crown of her bone skull. Her tall and lean female body was covered in golden tinted battle gear underneath an orange tee shirt and a pair of matching jeans. She exhibited a pair of green eyes, and a tone of pale skin. She fought beside three of the Olympia gods against one of the Titan gods.
He continued to fight and shouted out loud to his wife, “Our boy is here fighting with us, Sif.”
"That's nice, dear!" She continued to fight with the Titan goddess.
On the other side of the cave room, Apollo, Thian, and Sarasvati took turns whipping a sword into the Titan goddess without killing the creature.
“Thian.” Apollo smiled and missed the kill shot. “What do you know about the field of physics?”
“What do I know about the field of physics?” Thian grunted out loud and missed the kill shot at the goddess, back stepping from her blade.
He back stepped from the blade of the Titanesse. “Atoms are a set of tiny photos and neutrons with both positive and negative properties.”
Sarasvati, the Hindu goddess of science stepped forward and collided with the blade from the Titanesse, back stepping from the strength of the goddess, sneering at her. “Forget the science lesson, Apollo!”
“Ignore her, Thian.” Apollo stepped up and swung his blade at the Titanesse, missing the kill shot again. “Atom is the simplest form of matter.” He back stepped and allowed one of his fighting warrior to take the kill shot.
“Apple is matter.” Thian whipping his sword in the air and slammed into the blade on the Titanesse, producing a plume of heated sparks, driving her backwards.
Apollo stood close to Thian and watched the fight. “The word, atom, is a Greek word which had been coined by Democritus in 450 B.C.”
Sarasvati laughed and stood on the other side of Thian. “You're a liar, Apollo. Each one of the Nyaya schools in my country of India were studying the concepts of atoms while Democritus was still peeing inside his wet cloth diapers.” Thian ducked down from the flying blade without injury.
The Titan goddess golden tinted blade sliced through Sarasvati, cutting the goddess in half. The Titanesse moved ahead and sliced the tip of her blade at the covered toes on the Olympia goddess. Poor dead Sarasvati exploded into a pile of orange and purple ashes in dead. The Titanesse laughed out loud.
Apollo reached out and grabbed Thian dragging back of them backwards from the evil Titanesse.
On the opposite side of the cave room, Ares, the Roman god of war; Morrigan, the Celtic goddess of battle, and Hermes were fighting against Pallas. 
Ares screamed from across the cave property. “I need another swordsman over here, Apollo!”
Apollo continued to fight and back stepped beside Thian, frowning at the new Titan god. “In a sec, god of war. Ares is so impatient and ...”
“Arrogant.” Thian laughed.
Hermes continued to fight and yelled out loud. “Attention, deities! Isaac Newton is the father of the atom where he discovered in the year 1670 from the development of his corpuscular theory of light. And Ares is indeed arrogant.”
Apollo continued to fight and move beside Thian hearing the statement. “Thank you, god of science!” He laughed with some of the other gods and goddesses.
Ares ducked down from the flying blade and sneered out loud. “I need you now, Apollo!”
Apollo spun around and stood beside Ares forming a line with Thian, Hermes, and Morrigan whipping each sword at the tall Titan god without a successful kill shot. Apollo continued to fight and lecture to the younger god. “Thian, the atom contains equal number of positive protons and negative neutrons or the bond cannot be bound together.”
Thian whipped his blade at Pallas nicking the tender skin on the Titan god while talking with Apollo. “I get it now, Apollo! That’s how Gaia is negated from her own goddess powers. She is a mathematical minus sign. All the other deities represent a positive sign. Thus, Gaia and all the other deities bond is together nicely.”
“You got it, kid!” Apollo smiled and continued to fight against Pallas.
On the rear wall, near the iron cage, eighteen years old Marcus was sitting down in the middle of the dirt cage growling and then sneering. He was not fighting or yelling or drawing a sword against one of the Titans but scratching at each yellow tinted bloody lesion off his body with soft growls of pain.
A line of Olympia gods and goddesses had penned Titanesse Mnemosyne in the wall corner, striking blows at her body as she repelled the blow back at the fighting gods and goddesses. Thianne had scooted around the active room and ended up on this fighting line, back stepping from the tip of the blade that cut her forearm. She exhaled with worry and spun around scanning the commotion, whispering for her eardrums only. "I got to do something more constructive than fight with my sword." She slowly back stepped from the fighting line of gods and goddesses and whipped her sword in the air with a pretend fight, slamming into the side of the iron cage, spinning around with a gasp. Marcus was slowly morphing into a ugly FRED. The battle fight needed to end, so the Olympic gods and goddesses could save Marcus. She wanted to sob with worry but turned to study the battle. Her mother Nike was still alive and doing a good job of fighting along with the other Olympia teammates against a ten foot tall Titan god Koios.
On the forward side wall in front of the cave room, Gaia was standing as a prisoner of war by some of the agricultural and animal gods and goddesses. Thianne recognized their face from her studies.
On the next side wall with the open hole in the dirt, Okeanos, the Titan god of fresh water rivers was standing on one side of the hold in the wall and waved both of his hands creating a vertical wall of fresh river water that attacked and then drowned a line of Olympia gods and goddesses including Poseidon, the god of the seas; Lo-Shen, the Chinese goddess of rivers; Tlaloc, the Mexican god of rain; Pele, the Hawaiian goddess of fire, and the true Poliahu, the goddess of snow. When the wall of water raised the line of gods and goddesses, Pele released her fire power and dissolved the water into steam. On the next round of attack from Okeanos, the wall of fresh water become a frozen wall of sparking solid ice coming from Poliahu. Each god and goddess sneered at each other and then laughed out loud while having fun, not really fighting and appeared all wet with laughter.
On the next side wall, Thianne gasped in alarm and then laughed out loud.
Shango continued to lean against the dirt wall and wore his concession in pain and suffering. A male stood in front of Shango without a weapon displaying average height and wore a bald head, a pair of brown eyes, and a tone of dark black skin displaying an orange colored tee shirt, a pair of matching jeans, and a set of matching cowboy boots. 
Titan goddess Selene stood taller than Bumba and whipped her sword sideways while sneering down at the shorter god. "What are you, shorter? Who are you, short man?"
Bumba stood upright with a stern face and continued to protect his son Archibald from the nasty Titanesse and reached down, touching his guts while loudly moaning in pain. "My name is Bumba. I do not feel well. I am experiencing unbearable pain and suffering inside my guts. My belly muscles hurt. I feel terrible. I think. I think ..." He leaned down and gagged out loud parting his lips, spitting out his green tinted mouth vomit on top of the dirt and at one of her sandaled foot.
Selena gasped in alarm and back stepped from the male, staring down at the gross pile of green tinted vomit. "What is that? What are you doing? That stuff is smelly and disgusting."
"My stomach hurts." He continued to vomit out mouth spit on top of the dirt and missed her other sandaled foot.
She gagged out loud and covered her mouth, spinning around, racing away from the disgusting Olympia god and headed to the far corner. She leaned over and vomited into the dirt groaning in suffering and dizzy.
Bumba stood upright and wiped off his dirty mouth with the back of his hand while laughing out loud. "These had been a bowl of freshly diced carrot sticks from my lunch meal this afternoon." He continued to stand with a smile and watched for another Titan god or goddess.
Several feet from Bumba and Shango, Lugh sat on top of the dirt with an older male and laughed out loud after hearing then next stupid human joke while the rest of the gods and goddesses fought for their life.
Thianne sneered at a lazy teenager Lugh and then exhaled with annoyance turning to scan the rest of the active room while working on a plan to help Marcus and end the killings of her old friends and her new friends.
On opposite side wall in-between the broken gate and the iron cage with teen Marcus, Artemis, the Greek goddess of the hunt; Gbadu, the African goddess of fate; Tezcatlipoca, the Mexican god of war and Shankpana, the African god of angry laughed stood in front of Hecate, the Titan god of ghosts, witchcraft, and necromancy. His body was a translucent ghostly figure in human form that displayed a white tinted robe and a tone of muscles with a head of long ghostly hair and eye socket, without a Titan weapon.
Hecate produced numerous she-ghosts and he-ghost that attacked each one of the Olympia gods and goddesses, without winning. Each god and goddess sliced a sword and vanquished the ghost back to their deep gravesite home while cheering after each victory. Hecate became annoyed at each defeat and exhaled with frustration, squatting down the ground, dropping down both of his palms even with the dirt and shook both of his hands. Each Olympia god and goddess stood in place and watched the hands on Hecate while feeling soft rumbling from the dirt beneath their two boot soles and looked down in shock. One at a time, a smooth skeleton skull popped up through the hard dirt and slowly bobbed over the ground surface. Hecate laughed out loud and continued to shake his two palms as numerous skeleton skulls emerged from the hard dirt. Each god and goddess stopped fighting and looked down, swinging a blade tip, cutting off the skull from the emerging skeleton body. Hecate sat on the dirt and laughed out loud.
Thianne looked down and gasped in shock, slowly lifting off the ground, avoiding each one of the newest emerging gross-looking smooth and dirty skeleton skull with a sour frown.
On the other remaining side walls, a Titan god or goddess stood alone and fought against a group of brave and bold Olympia gods and goddesses and each raising skeleton skull. Each Titan warrior was strong and breathing after each battle fight while some of the Olympia gods and goddesses were slowly dying into nothingness. Each one of the skeleton skulls were swiftly become decapitated and then flying around the cave room hitting the dirt wall or another person.
Thianne turned and studied the two Titans, whispering for her eardrums only. "Why is Kronus not fighting? What is he doing in secret over there? He is meeting with his one of his sister relatives and discussing something else, in secret, too?" She slowly peeled off her one-piece jumpsuit from her collar bone and performed her invisibility power on each body part without revealing her nakedness to the other warriors. She could not fight while invisible but she could spy for her friends and family members, slowly scooting around each fight battle without getting harmed.
In the wall corner from the iron cage, Titanesse Mnemosyne was the Titan goddess of memory, words, and language. She dropped down her bronze saber and waved her hand with laughter. "Now, everyone forget me, forget the fight, and reach down, slicing off your toes with the tip of your sword." The line of Olympia gods and goddesses stopped fighting and leaned down, striking the tip of their sword through one boot toe cutting off the toes on one foot  Then each one exploded into a plume of orange and purple dust of dead of nothingness. The ashes slowly drifted up through the air and exited the hole in the ceiling. Mnemosyne laughed out. "When you're hot, you're hot!" She moved ahead and continued to wave her hand waning her memory spell at each Olympia god and goddesses.
On the opposite side of the cave room with the active war battle, Thianne stopped and stood a few feet from the back spine on Kronus.
On the side wall in front of the broken gates, Kronus bumped heads with Clymene, who was the Titan goddess of fame and infamy.
Clymene turned and stared in the direction of Thianne but did not speak or draw her Titan sword.
Kronus continued to talk with a sneer. "Clymene, I want to capture each one of the teen gods and goddesses alive, not dead. I need their fresh god and goddess blood for my new purpose. I don't care about the ancient and older and used and abused Olympia gods and goddesses."
Clymene snapped her head back and growled at her brother. “Why do you want all of the kids alive and well? A young teen grows into an adult god or goddess with full powers. I want them all dead. Then we can rule the world, again, Kronus!”
He laughed. "I want the teens alive and well. Then you can have some fun whipping a back spine and bruising a butthole for eternity. That should discourage any more gods and goddesses to challenge our rules.”
She gasped in shock and then laughed out loud. “I like your plan. Your command is done.” Clymene vanished using her invisibility goddess powers and moved away from Kronus looking for the first teen.
A few feet from Kronus, Thianne gasped in shock and slowly back stepped from Kronus, spinning around, swiftly shuffling through the battle fight and spotted her brother. She stood a few inches behind his backs spine and slowly appeared one body part at a time wearing an orange tinted tee shirt and a pair of orange tinted jeans on her body. She reached out and slapping his collar bone. “Thian!”
Thian jumped in shock and then spun around to view Thianne. “Geez! Don’t do that, Sis!”
“I'm sorry. I have new information to share. Kronus wants to take all of the teen gods and goddess alive and then beaten, not dead.”
He shook his head with a stern face. “More problems! I thought this day would end on a positive note.” He spun around and back stepped from the line of warriors, shouting out loud. “Apollo, come over here!”
Apollo guided backwards from the fight and stood beside Thian and Thianne. "Thian!"
Thian frowned. “Kronus wants to take all the teen gods and goddesses as his personal hostages.”
“Crude!” Apollo stared at Thian and yelled at the god. “Ares, come over here!”
“Busy!” Ares hollered back and continued to fight with Pallas.
Apollo frowned at Thian. “I need you here, Ares.”
Ares slowly back stepped from the fight and stood beside Apollo with a sour frown. “Make it quick, Apollo!”
He nodded. “Kronus wants to capture the teen alive with or without our rescue efforts.”
“Olympia crap!” Ares frowned.
“Olympia crap?” He chuckled.
“Okay. Olympia crapola! Can this day get any more worse? My god powers are swiftly draining. The nasty race of Titans are killing some of my friends. And the babies are in danger.” Ares huffed in fury.
Thian frowned. “I am not a baby.”
“Based on my time span, you are a two-day old embryo. Don’t worry thou! You're safe with daddy.” He grunted.
Pan danced around the cave room and provided cheery music during the war battle and then appeared, standing in front of Ares and Apollo, smiling at Thian. “Is Ares really your biological daddy, baby teen Thian?”
Ares gasped in shock. “I am not his biological father, wharf.”
Pan winked at Ares. “But, we're all going to be rich, thou. Do you not remember that, Ares?”
He reached out with a growl and grabbed the musical flute, tossing the musical item in the air, where it left the cave room through the hole in the ceiling, landing on top of the mountain peak in the grass. Ares leaned over and sneered into the face on Pan. “Fight, Pan! Before I decide to kill you, myself.”
Pan frowned and jabbed a finger at Ares. “You’re a greenie, meanie, Ares.”
Ares laughed out loud and shoved Pan to the side, shouting out loud. “The god of war lives to become meanie and greenie," he stopped and stood beside the leader of the Olympia gods and goddess with a sneer. Zeus continued to fight without commenting. Ares leaned over into the sweaty cheekbone on Zeus and shouted out loud. "Zeus, we're losing the war battle. Our god and goddess friends are dying for the cause and Kronus wants to capture and torture the teens, not kill them."
Zeus sneered. "Crapola! I'm call for reinforcements, right now and right here!” He back stepped from the fight and slammed his back spine into the iron cage, spinning around with a gasp, viewing teen god Marcus and ignored the poor thing. He closed his two eyelids and summed the rest of the Olympia gods and goddesses down to Planet Earth from the planet of Jupiter.
A few seconds later, numerous gods and goddesses appeared on top of the dirt floor without a sword and then bumped into each other gods and goddesses. Then all of the gods and goddesses started a fist fighting with the remaining Titan and Titanesses, herding the Titans into the wall corner beside the broken gate. The huddle of Titans and Titanesses did not fight but were drained, depleted, and defeated once again by the combined talents and powers from all of the pantheons including the Greek, Roman, Hindus, Mexican, Norse, Celtic, and others.
Each Olympia god and goddess wore a set of dirty clothes, a dirty sneer, and a bloody face standing in numerous semi-crooked lines, yelling at the race of Titans.
On the front row, Apollo and Ares stood side by side. Ares jabbed a finger at Kronus. "Kronus, you are backed into a corner, once again."
“No! Never!” Kronus sneered and yelled out loud. “Don’t give up, my brothers and sisters!”
"Yes, foreverly! Do give up, my Titan brothers and sisters!" Themis, the Titan god of law and order floated down through the ceiling without a colorful flame and landed down on the dirt in the middle of the gods and goddess, shaking her long flowing black tinted hair. She frowned at her brother Kronus. "You have started a new fight again, Kronus. You have killed more gods and goddesses, again, Kronus. I am the goddess of law and order for all the pantheons. Thus, you are guilty of treason, again, Kronus. You and your Titan and Titanesses are sentenced to four million more years of imprisonment. Get down into the pit, right now!" She pointed the tip of her sword at the broken gate.
“Vulcan, please come up over here and forge a new gate on the pit.” Apollo shouted. The god of iron moved through the crowd and stood beside Apollo shaking his bone skull at Kronus.
On the next side wall with the hole in the dirt, Okeanos, the Titan god of fresh water rivers was standing on one side of the hold in the wall and waved both of his hands creating a vertical wall of fresh river water that attacked and then drowned a line of Olympia gods and goddesses including Poseidon scooted ahead of the lines of gods and goddesses while hugging onto the Titan god Okeanos, nodding to Apollo. "My new friend Okeanos is sticking around and staying with me. The other gods and goddesses of the rivers need Okeanos here on the planet in order to help us clean up the seas, the rivers, the ponds, and the lakes while the stupid race of humans continue to pollute and poison our supply of fresh drinking water. Once the fresh water is gone, we all will die of thirst. Is that all right with you, Apollo? You're the leader of the rescue here."
Apollo nodded with a smile at Poseidon and Okeanos. "I'm very happy to grant freedom to Okeanos for a good cause, our survival with the greedy human race."
Kronus frowned at Okeanos and then asked to Apollo, “Do I get another option here for my Titan sisters and brothers?”
Ares smiled. “Yeah, if you're good and quiet, then I'll come and open up the gate in about four thousand more years,” he laughed with the others.
Athene waved the tip of her sword at Kronus. “Get inside! Move it!”
“This was a stupid idea, Kronus.” Hyperion, Titan god of light entered the dark pit and waved his hand illuminating the dirty, smelly pit, growling with defeat.
Iapetus, the Titan god of mortality entered the pit and growled at his older brother. “This was a dumb plan, man.”
“I can't wait for the end of four thousand more years with my annoying Titan gods and Titanesse goddesses.” Hecate entered the pit and frowned with annoyance.
“We’re creating a democracy starting with impeachment of leader Kronus.” Menmosyne, the Titan goddess of memory entered the pit with a sneer at her older brother also.
Some of the gods and goddesses held each one of the chipped and broken pieces of rusty iron in front of the hole as Vulcan, the god of iron and metals slowly used his god powers to solder the metals back into a solid gate.
On the side wall, Balder appeared in front of his friend Archibald and stood beside the older man. "Who are you, sir?"
Bumba turned and smiled at Balder while hugging an older female. The female displayed a bald mound without hair strands, a pair of brown eyes, and a tone of brown skin standing in average height with her husband wearing a smile. "I am Bumba. I am his father. This is my wife Sefay. She is his mother. His mother Sefay used to live in the city of Ta-Seti which is located in the land of Nubia. She had been a female merchant and traded goods consisting of gold, copper, ostrich features, and ivory from dead elephants from a sea ship along the river passages. One day, a group of nasty bandits attacked her ship, steal all of the goods, and killed all of the crew, except for one person. They started to attack Sefay. I had eye witnessed the entire terrible event and then swooped down and attacked the gang of nasty bandits. Then the Nubian female merchant became my wife and we much later produced a healthy baby boy, our son Archibald."
Balder scanned the father and then the mother saying with confusion. "I was dancing around the cave room and fighting hand-to-hand combat with some of the Titans and Titanesses. I would look back and survey my friend for his safety. I did notice you, sir. However, you did not wand a god sword or wear a god shield for body protection? How in the universe were you able to de-turd a Titan god or a Titanesse goddess without striking with a sword? I do not understand but I am impressed."
Bumba smiled. "I came from the African pantheon and I am the god of vomit."
"What!" He laughed.
Bumba back stepped from his wife Sefay and his son Archibald holding his guts, leaning down at his fit waistline and parted his lips. He released a mouth of green tinted vomit from his throat muscles pouring the smell contents through the air, down the dirt while stinking up the environment.
Balder back stepped and gagged out loud, covering his mouth, staring into the ceiling. "Sir, you are very talented as the god of vomit," he looked down and frowned with worry at Archibald. "Is Shango all right?"
Bumba finished coughing and gagging from his projectile vomiting and wiped off his mouth, looking up to see Balder. Sefay frowned at Balder. "Who is Shango?"
Balder nodded with a smile. "Is Archibald all right?"
Sefay nodded with a smile. "My son is slowly waking up from the head concession. He will be fine and dandy once we return back to our new homestead."
"That's great!" Balder squatted down and gently tapped the collar bone on Archibald. "Hey, dude! Are you still asleep? Or are you still awake? Get up, Shango! The second civil war is done and over with. You missed it all along with that arrogant teen god Marcus. Get up, dude! It's time to celebrate our eighteen years old birthday party." He leaned down with a smile and grabbed Archibald, slowly standing upright with the teen. Archibald continue to grunt with loud sounds and mumbled with a set of incoherent words. Balder turned and winked at Bumba and Sefay. "I'm going to take Archibald for a while to say bye to his classmates. Is that okay, Mr. and Mrs. God of Vomit?" He laughed out at the special talent of the Olympia god which had saved the old man and his friends' life from the nasty Titans and Titanesses. Bumba and Sefay nodded with a smile in silence.
Balder slowly shuffled his friend across the cave room and then stopped within the huddle of teens. The other teens softly spoke and smiled at Shango.
On the other side of the cave room, inside the iron cage, eighteen years old god Marcus opened both of his two eyelids and revealed a pair of blood-shot eyeballs and a body of sweat. He sniffed the room that was filled with small ounces of golden tinted god and goddesses blood growling with hungry. He dropped down and thrashed on top of the dirt, slowly standing upright from the dirt, focusing both of his eyeballs at the rows of gods and goddesses. He rushed ahead and slammed into the wall of iron bars, using his new FRED strength bending back each iron bar, creating a large hole. Marcus leaped through the hold and stood in front of the iron cage growling with hunger, bearing a set of yellow tinted FRED fangs inside his mouth and drooled down his tongue onto his naked chest. His body was covered in a coat of fine white tinted tiny hairs that dotted with dirt and his golden tinted blood proteins. Each god and goddess face turned and gasped at the new monster inside the crowded cave room.
Thianne dashed ahead through the crowd and screamed in worry at the welfare for her boyfriend, "Marcus! Marcus!"
Thian rudely scooted through the crowd next and reached out, grabbing the forearm on Thianne, cuddling her into his chest while staring at Marcus with worry, fear, and sadness.
In front of the iron cage, Marcus leaped up from the dirt and extended both of his arms with a set of sharp claws at the front row of gods and goddesses. Greek god Apollo leaped up from the dirt next and hovered in the air waves, waving both of his hands, placing an invisible rope around Marcus. Marcus halted in the air waves from the invisible hand of Apollo while thrashing and pawing the air waves, mouth drooling down onto the dirt.
Apollo exhaled with worry. “Goddess Sirona, could you come up and heal my son Marcus?” He gently lowered Marcus down on top of the dirt and continued to hold the invisible hand around the teen. Marcus continued to sneer and thrashed side to side with mouth spittle flying in the air at each god and goddess face.
Sirona, the Celtic goddess of healing displayed a petite body frame with a cropped hair of brown hue, a tone of pink tinted skin, and a pair of blue eyes, wearing a short white tinted robe, removing her battle gear first. She slowly moved through the crowd and emerged in front of Marcus, padding ahead, kneeling down and examined his teen body that was human format but monster format. The other teens appeared and stood beside Thian and Thianne staring down at Marcus in silence worry.
“Save him please!” Thianne continued to cuddle with her brother and sobbed with sad tears, yelling out loud at the goddess of healing.
Sirona exhaled with worry. “I’ll try. I don’t have much goddess juice left after treating a lot of our god and goddess wounded.”
“I understand the delicate situation. Thank you, goddess Sirona.” Apollo exhaled with worry.
She looked up at the ceiling and waved both of her hands. A thick line of plucked healthy tree leaves, piles of fresh white tinted sand and red tinted dirt, columns of fresh pond water without any aquatic life forms, a small group of smooth tan colored pebbles, and a handful of live shiny black tinted cockroaches, all flew down through the ceiling hole and then landed on top of Marcus. Sirona wiggled both of her hands and swiftly mixed the natural elements together spreading the mixture like a thick paste over his ugly FRED-looking body as he continued to thrash, growl, and spit at the talent healing goddess. The thick mixture was complete.
Marcus continued to wiggle side to side as the mixture started to melt off his monster body puddling down into a rows of pink tinted goo that drained down into the dirt soil. Each live cockroach scurried from the goo and raced across the dirt at some of the gods and goddesses. Each god and goddess killed the nasty insect with the tip of their blade in disgust.
The other pair of eyeballs watched Marcus, who was still slowly converting from a teen god into an ugly FREG with white tinted hair strands.
Sirona shook her curls and exhaled with defeat. “I am so sorry, Apollo. I cannot help your son. The teen god is beyond my awesome goddess powers. The process cannot be halted for any reason. Your son is still slowly converting into an ugly FREG creature.” Marcus continued his personal noise of snapping, hissing and spitting at each god and goddess while resting on top of the dirt within the invisible hand of Apollo.
Thianne struggled against her brother and sobbed with sad tears, yelling out loud in fury. “Help Marcus! Heal him please! Someone do something to save Marcus! I love him!” She turned and viewed the nose profile on her mother. “Mom, please go and save Marcus! I love him! We are to be married today or tomorrow. He is a god, not a monster.” She sobbed with her sad tears. Nike leaned over and hugged her daughter with fear and pity for the teen god.
Sirona slowly stood upright from the dirt and spun around, moving back into the crowd, shaking her curls at Apollo. “The FREG molecule is slowly converting him. There is not power on the planet that can save him, Apollo.” She halted and stood beside the front row of other gods and goddesses as each one helplessly watched Marcus.
“Sirona, what is the mystery source of the FREG molecule? It is very abnormal for a GREG or a FRED to affect a supernatural and powerful god or a goddess. Do you know? Do you have an educated guess here?” Apollo exhaled with worry for his biological son.
On the forward side wall surrounded by the group of good gods and goddesses of agriculture and animals, Gaia could not move but laughed out loud. “I know. I did it. I have poisoned the young teen god. My goddess blood is the most powerful and potent than any other god or goddess.” Her body didn't move but her tongue still worked.
Thian continued to cuddle his sister and frowned down at Marcus. “All right! We've learned something new. Mother Nature Gaia is now part of my friend Marcus. What can we do with this information?”
Sirona frowned. “I do not see any type of application with this new information, teen Thian. Your teen friend Marcus is becoming part of her nature world. Any of us talented gods or goddesses can help him. There is no stronger magic that down here to change Marcus back into a teen god with her nature elements growing inside his body.”
Thian frowned. “Is Marcus still a god?”
She nodded. “Yes, Marcus is still a god, but his mind, his heart, and his body is barely there.”
“A positive and a negative sign will negate or balance out each other. We can stop his progression and then figure out a solution to covert Marcus back into a god,” Thian smiled.
Apollo still floated in the air waves about the crowd of gods and goddesses, nodding with a smile at the smart teen. “You’re right, Thian. You can save him.”
“Gaia is negative. Marcus is positive. I think I got a solution here.” He released his sister and spun around, dashing through the crowd, stopping on the forward wall. He sneered at Gaia. "You are negative creature. Marcus is a positive creature. So, Marcus still possesses a set of positive elements inside his body. Else, his body would not be morphing into a new beast but would remain as a teen god. So, I need to present a set of negative elements on his body to negate the transformation. And you are my negativity energy. Now, I will use you to heal my friend Marcus." Gaia screamed in panic and could not shuffle from her stationary position. Thian reached up and wiggled his hand, sending a green tinted ray of god power at Gaia. Gaia quickly changed back into a stick woman that resembled a baby tree with an acorn head, a pair of flower petal eyeballs, and a mouth of green vine. She wore a dress of tree leaves and sneered at Thian. 
Thian laughed out loud and called out. “Talos, come over here!”
Kuan Yi frowned at the back spine on Thian. "Talos got melted down into puddles of goo, Thian. The semi-god is gone."
"I am here, Thian." Talos slowly stood upright from the dirt and faced the nose profile on Talos.
Vulcan laughed out loud. "I recognized his gooey rusty parts and used my godly soldering powers to reconstruct my old metal friend Talos. After we finish here, I'm taking my friend back to my home, Thian. Thanks for finding him! Talos, go and help Thian!"
Thian turned and smiled at Vulcan. "I understand. Thanks, Vulcan!" Talos slowly moved through the crowd and stopped, standing beside Thian. The god pointed down at Gaia with a sneer. "Talos, rip off the four twigs from the stick woman tree and chew up the tree bark, without swallowing the particles."
Balder frowned at the back spine on Thian. “What in the universe are you doing, Thian?”
Gaia laughed out loud. “I can see into the future, teen god. And you plan will not work. You cannot save your friend Marcus. He is about to become an ugly FREG and then wander around the planet looking for food, before another creature kills him,” she continued to laugh.
Thian nodded. “A machine obeys a command, Gaia.” He pointed down at Gaia with a sneer. "Eat her, Talos! Rip off her four upper twigs from the stick woman tree and chew up the tree bark without swallowing the items."
Balder clapped with laughter. “Great move, Thian!”
"Ugh!" One of the mature goddesses frowned at the command.
Lugh frowned. “Holy snot!”
Kuan Yi smiled. “Dang it!”
Talos reached down and plucked out the four upper tree twigs that represented her two legs and arms, placing them into his open mouth, slowly chewing. Her stick body sunk down into the dirt and as she continued to scream without pain but angry. The machine whirled its metal skull up and down and side to side.
Thian spun around from Gaia with a smile and quickly dashed back through the crowd, and stopped, standing a few feet from Marcus, where Marcus was still tied with the invisible hand on Apollo. Thian pointed down at Marcus with a smile. “Regurgitate the chewed tree particles down on top of Marcus, Talos!” 
Balder spun around and dashed behind Thian and stopped, standing next to Thian. “He did not just order that god command to the semi-god.”
Talos leaned over and folded down at its metal waist, opening its mouth, spitting a big lumpy pile of wet, mushy red, green, and gold tinted munch on top of Marcus.
Lugh frowned. “Holy snot!”
Kuan Yi laughed. “Dang it!”
Nikki smiled. “Great idea, Thian!”
“Ugh!” One of the gods moaned out loud.
"Thank you, Talos! Please remove back to Vulcan. Your service for me has ended." Thian ordered. The machine spun around and slowly shuffled back to Vulcan. Thian dropped down on his kneecaps and reached down, slipping both of his hands into the tree munch. “All the teens come over here and help me cover Marcus with the vomit from the mouth of Talos.”
Lugh frowned. "No thanks!"
"Do it, too it, foot stool!" Balder shoved Lugh down onto the dirt and then kneeled down beside the petite god frowning at the munch goo, reaching down and pressed both of his hands into the mixture. “Yuck! I’m so going to hurl after this.”
Thianne dashed ahead and squatted down, creating a pair of yellow tinted rubber gloves over both of her hands with a smile. Nikki and Kuan Yi dropped on the other side of Marcus placing their naked hands down into the wet, mushy, gooey substance while frowning in silence disgust.
Apollo frowned down at the teen. “No, Thianne! You must use one of both of your naked hands that contain your goddess healing powers on Marcus.”
Lugh pressed both of his hands down into the gooey mixture. “Ugh! I’m going to be sick and not eat for days, maybe weeks.”
“Get sick later, after your teenly healing touch heals Marcus, foot stool.” Thian sneered at Lugh.
Sirona continued to stand and frowned down at Marcus. “You are too late, Thian. Marcus is almost fully converted into a FREG.”
“No! No! Marcus is getting better. I can feel it. He is healing. He will become back to normal in a few more minutes.” Thianne continued to squat and spread the tree munch around his body covering every inch of his naked chest, legs, arms, and face, including his earlobes.
“Do not allow Marcus to bite your hand!” Thian shouted. Marcus continued to thrash with a set of loud growls, howls and snapped his mouth fangs at each teen.
“I heard that vile statement loud and clear!” Nikki continued to spread the tree munch around Marcus.
Sirona continued to stand on the front rows of gods and goddesses wearing a stern face. “Your idea was grand, Thian. But you are too late. Marcus is close to fully converting into a FRED. Do you his yellow tinted mouth fangs and mouth drool. The lesions have morphed into patches of gray skin. Nothing can stop his transformation now.”
Marcus jerked his body upright and sat on his butthole, spitting out salvia at teen, howling with a loud animal growl. Each teen scooted backwards from the mouth spit and the mouth of fangs feeling worry, sadness, and fear.
"His transformation process from teen god into teen FREG is almost completely finished. Kill my son, Thian!” Apollo continued to float in the air and held onto his invisible hand around his son Marcus while feeling both sad and defeat.
On top of the dirt, Thian gasped in shock and whispered in sadness, “I...” cannot do.
“You must terminate my son’s life, before Marcus converts into a monster, Thian.” He nodded with sorrow.
Thian continued to stare in horror and pity at his friend Marcus, “I can’t. Marcus is my buddy.”
Thianne turned and sobbed to her mother. “Mom, please, do something and help Marcus!”
Her mother Nike frowned down at Marcus and spoke softly to her daughter, “My goddess powers had been completely drained, Thianne. My goddess body is ...”
“...tired, bruised, and bleeding, kids.” Thor stood on the second row and rubbed each one of his open wounds while staring down at Marcus felling sorrow and fear.
Sirona shook her curls and frowned down at Marcus. “Apollo is correct. No one can heal or help Marcus. Each one of us is nothing but flesh, bones, and blood now. It would be better to put Marcus out of his misery. Else, he will live a terrible life as a FRED here on the planet.”
Kuan Yi turned and frowned at the nose profile on Nike. “Several days ago, we had a visit from Polly, who came down from heaven. Polly said that if a god or a goddess returned back here on Planet Earth, then the same god or goddess would sacrifice your godhood or goddess-hood. Is that true Nike?”
Frigga answered for Nike and continued to stare down at Marcus. “Polly is correct. Her statement is true. We had been lounging on the planet of Jupiter while watching your progress from infant into teenager. Then when Gaia started major trouble with our children, we all decided to return back here to Planet Earth and fight for the survival of our children. Thus, each god and goddess has lost their godhood and goddess-hood. We are not a mortal human with a mortal life time of adventures while living here on Planet Earth. And the sacrifice was worth it. I love my son.”
“But each god and goddess is still handsome or beautiful and rich,” He turned and sneered at god Pan. "Did you bring all of the gold and silver with you, Pan?”
Pan stood beside Ares and displayed a petite slender body with a head of thick short tan colored hair, a facial goatee in matching hue, a pair of dark colored eyeballs, and a hairless pale colored skin tone. He nodded with a smile to Thor. "Each god and goddess, who is a mortal human is rich, rich, rich.” The rows of formal gods and goddesses slowly squatted down and continued to observe Marcus.
On top of the dirt, the line of teens continued to stare at Marcus while sobbing with their set of sad tears from his terrible transformation from a teen god into an ugly FRED creature. Balder wiped off the tears and then slowly stood upright from the dirt and whipped out his god sword, holding the blade beside his leg, staring down with a sad face at Marcus. “I’ll do the evil deed.”
“Balder, what are saying? What are you going to do? Tell me right here and right now!” Nikki swiftly stood upright from the dirt and gasped in horror while staring down at Marcus.
He nodded with a stern face. “Marcus, you are my god brother. We have been friends for four long fun years. I have enjoyed our fun times together. But right now, I don't wanna see you as a furry FRED or a bloody GREG or another monster beastie. So, I am really, really sorry here, dude.” He exhaled with sadness and horror, moving ahead and stopped beside Marcus. He slowly lifted up his god sword and aimed the sharp tip on the blade down on top of the bone skull on Marcus. Marcus was growling and snapping his fangs at the leg on Balder. The other gods and goddesses continue to watch and gasped in horror at the upcoming personal dead execution of teen god Marcus.
A tall male appeared with a smile in front of Marcus and lifted up both of his arms, touching the god sword with Balder. The male stood six feet and nine inches in height displaying a head black tinted shoulder-length hair, a face of dusted black tinted hair, a pair of blue tinted eyes. He wore a Zilli designer business suit in white tinted silk with a matching silk shirt, and long necktie. Archangel Michael smiled at Balder. “Might I be of some assistance here!” Balder nodded with a smile. Michael removed his hands from the blade and dropped them down by his rib cage. Balder dropped down his god sword down beside his leg and slowly back stepped from Marcus while smiling at Michael in silence.
“Saint Michael, what are you doing here?” Thian swiftly stood upright from the dirt and smiled at the heavenly archangel.
Thianne looked up and yelled at the hole in the ceiling space. “Polly, are your here too? Polly, where are you? We need your help!” She dropped her face and scanned the crowd room of mortal people.
“Incoming!” Michael did not move but chuckled with amusement.
A tall, slender female dropped down through the hole in the ceiling and landed beside Michael in front of Marcus wearing a Dolce and Gabbana designer brand short black tinted dress, a black tinted scarf around her naked throat, a pair of Christian Louboutin designer brand platform shoes and a Dooney and Bourke silver tinted handbag on her collar bone. She displayed a pair of wraparound sunglasses around her two eyeballs.
Within the crowd of formal gods and goddesses, Poseidon frowned at Polly, “Are you blind, girl?”
“No! Polly is not blind. She's only arrogant.” Michael laughed. Polly turned and sneered at the archangel. He laughed again.
Thianne raced ahead and stood in front of Polly, pointing down at her boyfriend Marcus, sobbing with her set of sad tears. “Polly, thank you for coming down to the planet! Please save Marcus! Please save from a converting into a FRED! Please save my love!”
Polly spun around and studied Marcus with worry. “Are we too late, Michael?”
Michael spun around and studied Marcus also. “We have mentioned before that heavenly angels are not allowed to interfere with the race of humans or the race of gods and goddesses. We provide guidance to the race of humans but stay away from the race of gods and goddesses.”
Thianne gasped in worry and sobbed with tears while whispering with worry. “Can you make an exception this one time, Polly?”
Michael continued to stare down at Marcus and answered for Polly. “The answer is no, never, ever, foreverly.”
Polly frowned. “What was your plan with the teen deva?”
“I want to terminate the life form of my son Marcus.” Apollo continued to float in the air waves and stared down at his biological son with sadness.
“No! No! No!” Thianne spun around and yelled at Apollo while crying with her tears.
“Talk to me, Thian!” Polly continued to stare down at Marcus.
Thian moved ahead and stood beside Polly staring down at Marcus. “Gaia injected her goddess blood and then poisoned Marcus which has morphed him into a FRED.”
"True!” Michael said.
Polly nodded with a stern face down at Marcus. “The Earth goddess possesses powerful magic. But, each true god and goddess also possesses their own set of magical powers.” She spun around with a smile and moved ahead as the row of formal gods and goddesses parted for the angel of death. Each pair of eyeballs watched the back spine Polly. Polly stopped and stood in front of the new gate that hold the nasty race of Titans, leaning down, touching the cold flame from the soldering powers of Vulcan. She stood upright and smelled the odor with her two nostrils.
“Help him, Polly!” Nikki continued to stand and stared down at Marcus with horror and worry.
“We can’t interfere.” Michael continued to stand and stared down at Marcus also.
Kuan Yi stood upright from the dirt and sneered at the back spine on Michael. “What are you doing here? Are you here to watch Marcus die?”
Nikki sneered. “That's it! Of course, Polly is the angel of death. They are here waiting around and then will take the soul of Marcus into heaven.”
Kuan Yi frowned. “We know that you can’t interfere with the gods and goddesses. So, please aid us. Give us a hint that will heal Marcus!”
In front of the new gate, Polly spun around and smiled at Michael. “May I do that, Mic!”
Michael continued to stare at Marcus. "I don’t see why not. It is not against the rules.”
Polly moved ahead and stopped beside Thian, nodding with a smile. “I have smelt the smell of fire.”
“The left-over residual on your finger comes from smelt fire.” Thian nodded.
Apollo continued to float in the air waves and nodded with a smile to Thian. “Ah! The smelt of fire is an ancient expression that refers refining gold which is passed through a blaze of heated fire that purges all of the contamination before become a bar of pure gold.”
Ares nodded. “Old Gaia is an old goddess of Planet Earth and holds all of the natural elements including air, dirt, water, and fire.”
Thor frowned. “We all know that.”
Polly nodded to Thian. “That is your answer. And the answer can solve the riddle. And then the riddle can save teen Marcus. Go for it, Thian! Use your brains!”
Thian continued to stare at the residual on her finger and pondered his brain cells. “Your finger is outlined in gold hue that comes from the new gate where Vulcan soldered a new door with gold.” 
“Each god and goddess possesses gold tinted blood.” Apollo smiled.
He smiled. “Yes, that's right! My blood is golden color. I do not need to refine my own blood. It is there and floating around my body for my survival.”
Thianne bounced up and down and screamed in terror. “Marcus, he is completed coated in white hair. I do not see one patch of human skin. Help him, Polly!”
Thian looked down and smiled at Marcus. “Marcus is only contaminated. His current god blood is contaminated and no longer gold tinted.”
Polly nodded with a smile. “You're good, Thian!”
Thian nodded with a smile. “Marcus is a healthy teen god underneath that hair and mouth drool. So, he only needs a new of transfusion of fresh god blood into his biological system, in order to convert back into a handsome teen god. That's easy!”
Ares frowned down at Marcus. “Who with a sane mind would touch that thing?”
Sirona frowned and shook her curls. “I can’t touch Marcus. My goddess powers are too weak and getting weaker by the millisecond.”
Beside Polly and in front of Marcus, Thian lifted up his injured hand and stared at the bandage. “Any god or goddess blood will heal Marcus.” He un-wrapped the cloth and moved closer to Marcus, placing his missing digits over the white tinted hair roots on the FRED. Thian thumped each one of his severed fingers with force and watched drops of his golden tinted god blood drop down on Marcus while cringing in pain and suffering for a good cause.
Thianne continued to bounce up and down with worry and sobbed with her tears, pointing down at Marcus with excitement. “Marcus! Marcus! Look at Marcus! He is starting to shrink back down into his normal size. You are doing it, Thian! Keep going!”
Teen Marcus dropped backwards from Thian and then rested down on his back spine while quickly morphing from a red-eyed, hairy, gray-tinted FREG back into a human male. His six feet and six inches tall body frame wore a glowing complexion of smooth dark skin, a head of short curly black colored hair on a heart-shaped face with an aristocratic nose, a pair of chiseled cheekbones. Each strand of white tinted FRED hair was gone. He opened his eyelids and stared into the ceiling, yelling out loud in fear. “Heck fire! Where I am?” He sat upright on his butthole and turned his face scanning the cave room, rubbing each eye socket. He closed and then opened both of his eyelids screaming in panic. “I’m blind. I'm blind. I cannot see. Where am I? Who is here? I can feel the heat from hundreds of bodies? Who are you? Are you Gaia? Where am I? I can't see. I'm blind. Someone help me!”
Polly reached out and patted the collar bone on Thianne, smiling down at Marcus. “The eye blindness is a temporary medical condition, teen god Marcus. I can assure you the blindness is a chemical reaction of transformation of FREG blood back into god blood.”
Thianne smiled down at Marcus in silence.
Thianne dashed ahead and slid over the dirt, colliding into Marcus, touching his body.
On the front line of teens, Polly, and Michael, Balder leaned over with a smile and whispered into the cheekbone on Shango. “Wait until I tell arrogant teen god Marcus that he's now a true blood brother with Thian.” He laughed with Shango.
Shango smiled. “You need to wait a very long time before you mention that same thing Thian, bro.” They both snickered again and continued to study Marcus.
Marcus batted both of his arms at his attacker and yelling in fury. “Who’s touching me? Get off of my body, before I hurt you really bad. Get away from me? Who are you? Are you Dainichi or Gaia? If so, get away from me right here and right now!”
Thianne pulled back with a smile at Marcus. “It's me. It is Thianne. I love you, Marcus,” She leaned down and kissed his lips while rubbing her hands over his body.
He pulled back from Thianne and smiled while rubbing his hands over her body. “Awe! I recognize that your touch, babe.”
Thian sneered down at Marcus. “What is Marcus talking about, Sis?”
She smiled and continued to probe Marcus for any wounds. “I'm eighteen years old right here and right now, Thian. I'm now an adult goddess. So, back off, big brother, before I get really mad and zap you with one of my newest goddess powers,” she leaned down and kissed his face again.
Shango laughed. "I won't touch that one, bro!"
Thian frowned. "Uh! Yeah, I guess not."
Marcus pulled back from the kill and focused his two blind eyeballs on Thianne, slapping his chest. "Hey! I am Ares, the god of war!"
She leaned down and whispered into his face. "Marcus, you cannot see inside the cave room. But the entire pantheons of gods and goddesses are here. They dropped down and came to our rescue saving us from Gaia and the race of nasty Titans. The true Ares, the god of war is standing a few feet behind me, darling."
He gasped in shock and yelled out loud. "I am Marcus, the teen god of something." The other teen laughed at Marcus.
Among the crowd of formal gods and goddesses, Zeus, the King of the gods and goddesses and the Queen of the gods and goddesses Hera shuffled through the crowd and stood behind Polly. He cleared his throat. “I'm glad you could drop by, Polly.”
Polly spun around with a smile and nodded to Zeus. “Hi there, Zeus and Hera! I only wanted the teens to live and breathe for the next 150 years or so. Well, you and your band of merry gals and guys have succeeded again, Zeus."
"At least for the next four thousand years or so. If they can behave, then they can be released and live in the wilderness with the wild animals,” he laughed with Polly and Hera.
Poseidon moved ahead and stopped, standing beside Polly, extending his cut hand to her. "Thanks for all your help, Polly. We really did need it, this time,” he winked at her. 
Polly shook his hand and healed his wounds. “You are quite welcome, Poseidon and Zeus.”
Shango, Balder, Nikki, Kuan Yi, and Thian surrounded Polly and took a turn hugging her body, pulling back with a smile. Then each one shook the hand of Michael with a smile of appreciation.
Shango smiled. "Thanks, Polly and Michael!”
Nikki smiled. "Bye, Polly and Michael!"
Thian cuddled Marcus leading them to stand in front of Polly and Michael. She smiled. "Thank you so much, Polly and Michael. You saved Marcus. He's still a little stunned from his transformation, but he thanks you also. Say thank you to Polly and Michael, Marcus!"
Marcus smiled at Polly but only viewed darkness. "Thank you, Polly and Michael!"
Kuan Yi grinned. "Will we see you again on a different day, Polly and Michael?" Polly smiled without answering the question.
“Thanks for everything Polly and Michael!” Thian nodded with a smile.
“Do not call us! We do the calling here.” Michael patted the collar bone on Thian and then reached out, touching Thian's injured hand with the three missing fingers, releasing the limb. Thian gasped in shock and looked down at his new three fingers that matched his skin tone. Michael laughed out loud while disappearing from the cave room with Polly back into the heavenly plane.
Zeus scanned each teen and nodded with a smile. “Kids, you did a fine job of fighting as the only the group of true powerful gods and goddesses here on the Planet Earth. Where is Gaia?” He spun around with a stern face and shuffled through the parted crowd, standing on the forward wall, staring down at the stick woman without a twig for her two arms and her two legs.
Hera shuffled beside Zeus and stood among the gods and goddesses of agriculture and animals, wearing a dirty white tinted ankle-length gown with dirt and blood, displaying a head of long flowing brown tinted hair, a pair of amber eyes, and a tone of pale skin. She said with a worried brow. "Gaia is now a baby tree without limbs, branches, tree leaves, and tree bark and without her awesome goddess powers. Who is now going to rule over nature here on Planet Earth?"
Among the formal gods and goddesses of agriculture and animals, the Celtic goddess of Mother Earth stepped beside Hera and smiled down at Gaia. "We got that covered, Hera. Each pantheon possesses a goddess of earth also. So, each one of us is going to rule over our land property and all of the animals. So, we do not need Gaia anymore."
"What is going to happen to Gaia? She is not a goddess but a skinny stick tree." Zeus frowned down at Gaia.
Tlazolteotl, the Mexican earth goddess stepped ahead from the crowd and grabbed the acorn head on Gaia, lifting the tiny baby tree from the red dirt, holding it in the air. She smiled at Gaia. "Gaia is a tiny sapling tree now with an acorn head. Thus, I will plant her stick body down into the rich fertile Mexican soil, where she will grow into a beautiful acorn tee and thrive there foreverly."
Zeus nodded with a smile. "Well, I would approve, if I could approve as I do not have any god powers to approve, anymore. But that sounds like a human plan with compassionate. Good luck to all the goddesses of the earth plane. I wish you the best of luck in controlling the greedy race of humans also," he spun around with a sneer and moved back through the crowd, shaking a hand with each god or kissing a cheekbone on each goddess for their sacrifice and service to the set of teen gods and goddesses with his queen wife Hera. The royal couple slowly padded back to the opposite side of the cave room to the teen gods and goddesses.
Among the crowd of formal gods and goddesses of agriculture, animals, and elements of the planet, the African god of rain, Tsui nodded with a smile. "Now that our supernatural powers as an arrogant god or an awesome goddess is gone like a smelly fart, we should form a union and communicate together to complete our work here on the Planet Earth. Within a union, we need a president. Who wants to become the president of our Mother Nature union?"
Tasan, the Persian god of cattle slapped his chest and nodded with a smile. "I do. I wanna be the president of the Mother Nature unions."
Tsui pointed at Tasan with a nod. "Tasan is the president of the Mother Nature union. Who wants to become the vice president of the union?"
Abellio, the Celtic god of apples lifted his hand and nodded with a smile. "I wanna the vice president of the union."
He nodded. "Excellent! We are slowly creating our union. Who wants..."
Haoma, Persian god of herbs shouted out loud. "I wanna be ..."
“... secretary of the union," Tore, the African god of wood yelled out loud and shoved Xilonen, the Mexican goddess of corn from his space.
Tall and muscular Poseidon slowly scooted ahead through the crowd of gods and goddesses standing beside and Gaia with ten foot tall Titan god Okeanos. He wrapped an arm around his new friend and smiled at the formal gods and goddesses. "Hello! I am Poseidon. I was the god of the seas. Now, I am a mortal of nothing. However, I want to introduce my friend Okeanos. He is the god of the rivers. Now, since each one of us has lost our god and goddess powers, I propose here that our new friend Okeanos become the president of the Mother Nature union as he will enforcing all the rules and providing punishment for any broken rules. Does anyone have a questions?
Haoma, Persian god of herbs lifted his arm and shouted out loud. "I wanna be the secretary of the union."
Poseidon nodded to each face. “We reside within the great United States of America, where the government is a republic. Thus, we should nominate the other posts within the union and then vote for a winner. How does that sound?”
Fagus, the Gaulish god of beech trees buzzed his lips and shouted out loud bouncing up and down with annoyance. “That idea sounds stupid. I don't wanna be part of the union ever." 
 Okeanos lifted up his hand and released out a stream of hot water that hit the face on Fagus. Fagus yelled out loud and dropped down on the dirt. Okeanos nodded with a smile. "I am so happy to become the president of the union and rule within a true republic.” Poseidon laughed with some of the other formal gods and goddesses.
On the opposite side of the cave room, several feet from the iron cage, the huddle of teen gods and goddesses softly mumbled about the war battle to each other and updated Shango and Marcus, who missed the fight.
Kuan Yi reached out and slapped Balder on the bicep, spinning around, moving ahead towards the dirt wall in the rear of the cave room in silence. She swung around and motioned to Balder still in silence. He spun around from the line of teens with confusion and slowly moved ahead, standing in front of Kuan Yi in silence.
She exhaled with worry. “Balder, I wanna ...”
“I know that too. I wanna do that too,” he nodded with a stern face.
She thrust out both of her arms in compassion. “I am sorry. I was so angry, hurt, and mad that my adoptive parents had been killed in that automobile accident. Then I found out that you were driving and speeding in your sports car down that country road that had killed my adoptive parents. I had blamed you for surviving that car crash. But you and me and the other teens were supposed to survive that first disaster and then come here and survive this disaster too.”
“So, we could see and meet our biological parents.” He smiled.
She smiled. “Ditto!”
“I am sorry also. Do you wanna shake hands and call it even!”
She frowned. “No! I do not wanna shake your hand. I wanna hug your body, Hansel.” Kuan Yi leaned over with giggles and hugged his body.
“Dudette!” Balder hugged and renewed his friendship with his old enemy.
Zeus and Hera stopped and stood in front of Nikki, Shango, Thian, Thianne and Marcus. He cleared his throat and nodded to Thian in silence. Balder and Kuan Yi dashed ahead and rejoined the line of teens bumping into each other with soft laughter as they were friends also.
At the end of the teenly line, an older male appeared and stood beside Kuan Yi. He reached out and touched the forearm on Kuan Yi. "Goddess Chun, I finally am relieved to see you well and alive again." Kuan Yi turned and smiled at the older man and the older female beside him in puzzlement.
He slapped his chest and bowed his chin down to Kuan Yi, standing upright with a smile. "My name is Fu-Hsi. I am the former Chinese god of love and I am your biological father, the supernatural one. This is your mother. Her name is Sima. She is the formal human female who is my wife."
Kuan Yi gasped in shock and leaned over, hugging the old man, pulling back with a smile. The male wore a head of short brown tinted hair, a tone of olive tinted skin, and a pair of brown eyeballs and displayed the same height as the teen goddess. The female appeared with the same facial and body features like her husband. Both of them wore a dirty set of orange tinted outfit that each fighting god and goddess displayed.
Kuan Yi leaned over and hugged her mother for the first time, pulling back with a smile, sobbing with her happy tears. "I am so shocked and stunned. I don't have any words. I love both of you. I have dreamed of meeting my parents since I was old enough to know about my parents," she leaned over and hugged both of her parents still crying in happiness.
Her father Fu-Hsi pulled back with a smile. "We have much to exchange with historical past adventures. But quickly, I will summary here. We come from the ancient world of China, which is the first civilization of the ancient world. I had been a god that sparkled love taps on each human. Then I met your mother. Sima lived in the city of Damaidi in the year 6,000 B.C, before you were born, of course." they all laughed together. He smiled. "Your human mother was cliff artist. Among the high limestone cliff in the city of Damaidi, there are 3,172 cliff carvings into the rock featuring 8,442 individual characters including the sun, the moon, the outer space stars, the Chinese gods and goddesses, and images of hunters of meat and animals grazing in the open pasture lands. One day, I was flying around the sky looking for my next loving couple to zap with my love touch. Then I spotted a young girl hanging onto the side of the cliff chiseling out an image. Then I saw the same young girl falling down the cliff side and before she landed down on the hard rock, I scooped down from the clouds and saved the female. My love tap didn't work on the young girl, who was named Sima. But she fell in love with me anyways. So, we married and lived happily for eons and then we wanted a child. You are our child." He leaned over and hugged his daughter, pulling back with a smile. "We have much to exchange with the past and for the future. However, I am very grateful for your life form and we must all shower each other with love and respect.” He pointed at Zeus.
Kuan Yi spun around and gasped in alarm, staring at Zeus and then watched Thian in stunned silence.
Sima slowly bowed down her fit waistline to Zeus in respect also and then stood upright with a smile at her daughter.
On the crooked teen line, god Thian slowly bowed down at his fitted waistline to the king of the formal gods and goddesses. "Sire!" He stood upright and smiled at Zeus. "Thanks to you and all the gods and goddesses for coming here to our rescue."
Nikki leaned over and asked Balder. “Are we supposed to do that too?”
“I guess so.” Balder frowned.
Shango frowned at Zeus. “Polly didn’t bow down to Zeus either.”
Fu-Hsi leaned over with a smile and spoke to the female. “Bow down to Zeus, Kuan Yi.”
“Bark loud at Zeus, Kuan Yi!” Balder laughed at Zeus.
Kuan Yi turned and sneered at the old man and then gasped in shock. "Are you really my father?"
Fu-Hsi nodded with a smile. "I am really your father. And your true father says to bow down to the king of the gods and goddesses, daughter."
“Only one time and this time, my biological dad!” Kuan Yi returned back with a frown and bowed down to Zeus, quickly standing upright with a giggle.
“Americans!” He shook his bone skull in disapproval and slowly bowed down to Zeus, standing upright with a smile. Each teen slowly bowed down but Marcus, who was still blind and quiet while cuddling with his girl Thianne.
Thian exhaled with frustration and nodded to Zeus. "Sire, I have a ton of questions without an answer. Can you provide me that answer?"
Zeus nodded with a grin. "I do believe that I can address each one of your pondering questions, Thian."
Thian nodded. "Why did Gaia become Satan's Grandmother? What did that mean? Why did she go bad or turn evil against the entire race of humans and the planet of people and the place of animals? Why did she threaten us? We're nothing but a bunch of bratty teens."
He nodded. "Gaia was jealous of the other gods and goddesses, who did not have a working job here on Planet Earth. Gaia was the goddess of the earth. Every millisecond of the day and the night, she monitored the rains, the rivers, the animals, the clouds, the soil, the trees, the forest, and all of the other elements here on Planet Earth. Thus, Gaia was tired of her assigned job. So, she went insane and started acting crazy. If she threatened the true teen gods and goddesses, then their parents and the rest of the pantheons would start a civil war with Gaia. During the war, Gaia would release  her naughty children and then start a world war with the race of dumb and stupid humans. I could not allow that to happen. So, I ordered all the gods and goddesses off Planet Earth for their safety and your safety. If each god and goddess was absent, then Gaia could not start a war with anyone. Alas! I played my hand and called her bluff. Gaia was really insane. She used her goddess powers and created more FREDS and GREGS and JANES while chasing after you and the other teens. I had faith in your god and goddess abilities. However, Gaia was a mature and ancient goddess, who was really an insane and crazy old woman. So, I ordered all the gods and goddesses off Planet Jupiter to come back here on Planet Earth, where each one of us has lost our godhood and goddess-hood for a very good cause, the survival of our species. Did my answers address your questions, young god?"
Thian nodded with a smile. "Yes, sire! I understand the delicate situation and I am grateful for the final outcome."
Zeus nodded with a stern face and spun around from Thian and his friend, viewing his brother. "Poseidon.”
“Brother.” Poseidon hugged his brother and pulled back nodding with a smile. “Well, we have defeated our evil father Kronus for a second time within my immortal life time.”
“Yes, we have but not without numerous sacrifices ...”
“... which have been justified by saving the teens and honored by each god and goddess, Zeus.”
Zeus nodded with a stern face to his brother. Poseidon spun around and moved back through the crowd to the squabbling formal Olympia gods and goddesses of agriculture, animals and elements laughing at his new challenge here on the planet for the eternity.
Zeus looked down at the dirt and yelled out loud. "Hades!”
A bone skull presented a pair of brown tinted eyes and a black tinted hair with a short ponytail popping up through the red tinted dirt and as Hades smiled at his brother. His tall muscular body in pale skin slowly emerged up from the dirt that led down into the fire hell, where Hades resided. He stood in front of Zeus and turned to scan the cave room seeing the dead Titans. “What a bloody heap! Time to clean up!” A new smooth head popped through the dirt and followed Hades. Hades stomped his boot toe down on the head and sneered out loud. "Get back down there, Hitler! Your time is not ended with me." The head dropped down and disappeared from the cave room. 
Zeus nodded to his brother. “Hades, please go and gather up our dead family members.”
“Sure!” He spun around with a smile and moved to the first dead Titan goddess, leaning down, touching the dead body with the living soul and shouted out loud. “You descend down into everlasting hell, not the Elysium fields.”
Zeus exhaled with exhaustion and whispered to his wife. "I felt old and cranky …”
“...crabby too …” Pan appeared and stood in front of Zeus.
He swiftly lifted both of his arms with a smile and slapped the face on Pan. Pan scooted backwards with a sneer and stopped a few feet from the evil man. Zeus stared at the row of gods and goddesses. “Welcome back home to Planet Earth, my brothers and sisters. You are not longer a god or a goddess but a mortal with a limited number of days like me and my wife Hera. We came and conquered the race of Titans while saving the teens. Your bold and brave sacrifices are warranted with our love and our support and our everlasting appreciation. The Fosterage ritual has ended for the teens. After Gaia had released her first born son Kronos, he fixed time and moved the days and nights forward, instead of backwards. Each teen is eighteen years old and possesses full god or goddess statue with some awesome god and goddess powers. And we get to witness each teen god and goddess meet their biological parents for the first time," he clapped along with the other humans. Zeus had participated in the Fosterage program and then graduated coming home to meet his father for the first time where Kronus trying to eat and then kill his son.
On the side wall, Hades leaned down and touched the dead Titanesse. “You descend down into everlasting hell, not the Elysium fields. The last of the live cats are down in the cradle, bro.” He stood upright and yelled at Zeus.
“Excellent work, Hades!” Zeus nodded with a smile.
“Bye, bro!” He smiled.
“Wait, Hades! Tell Persephone to plan and meet all of us at our new headquarters at the end of the month.” Hades nodded with a smile and dropped back down into the dirt disappearing from the cave room.
Rosemerta, the formal Celtic goddess of abundance displayed a tall body frame with a head of red tinted long hair, a pair of green tinted eyes, and a tone of pink tinted skin wearing as our frown and dirty ankle-length red gown without her battle gear. She appeared and stood in front of Zeus. "What new headquarters at the end of the month? Where is the new headquarters located at, Zeus?"
Zeus chuckled out loud and lifted up both of his arms, slapping the cheekbone on Rosemerta. She back stepped and sneered at Zeus. He shouted out loud. "Everyone, I have one more message to share. I mentioned that your bold and brave sacrifices come with our love and our support and our everlasting appreciation. I have negotiated using some awesome terms with Polly for saving the lives of each teen god and goddess. Polly has agreed provide us a sandbar."
Among the crowd of humans, Iris, the formal Greek goddess of the rainbow looked up with confusion and pointed at the bright skyline of a new day. "Are we going to live here on Sand Mountain? I don't know about this place. I don't like the cold weather. Does it snow here on top of the Sand Mountain peak? Is there sand grains on top of Sand Mountain?" She stood five feet and seven inches in height and wore a long rainbow colored ankle-dress that was covered in red dirt and golden tinted blood, displaying a head of long flowing blonde colored hair, a pair of violet eyeballs, and a tone of peach colored skin. She dropped her hand and crossed her arms in angry shaking her curls at Zeus.
Cybele, the formal Phryagin mountain goddess displayed an obese body frame with a head of short black tinted hair, a tone of dark skin, and a pair of blue eyeballs, wearing a long ankle-length gown in tan hue with dirt and blood stains. She looked up in the sky with puzzlement. “Is this place called Mount Sandbar. I didn't see any sand, only red tinted dirt with tons of dinosaur fossils. I didn't know that. I thought, this place was called Sand Mountain.” She returned back and whispered to her goddess friend.
Zeus dropped both of his arms by his rib cage and laughed out loud. "No! This is not called Mount Sandbar. This is not the place of our permanent homeland. We are not moving up high. We are moving down low. We will live on top of a sandbar off the western coast of heated and hot sizzling US State of Florida.” The other humans clapped and danced with glee.
“We live in sun, sand, and salsa.” Hera wiggled her hips and danced side to side with laughter.
“I tend to sunburn on my pale skin.” Pan the formal Greek god of sheep and pastures reached down and patted his pale hand with worry.
“Hush, Pan!” Zeus sneered and then smiled, waving his hands. Numerous streaks of individual colored lights appeared in the bright sky and then descended down into the semi-lighted cave room. Each colorful light represented a human, who was a married spouse of a god or a goddess, scooting around the cave room, finding their married mate for the happy reunion.
Each teen continued to stand several feet in front of the iron cage as each set of parents found their biological child providing a hug of love.
Thian leaned over and hugged her mom Nike for the first time with happiness pulling back with a smile meeting her biological father Aiakos. Aiakos had been a moral king on the island of Aegina a very long time ago and displayed a tall body frame with a head of gray tinted hair, a pair of silver tinted eyeballs, and a tone of dark skin. He had been a human and now was an immortal with a limited amount of life days like his wife Nike and his twin children Thian and Thianne.
Thianne reached down and grabbed Marcus by the hand, smiling at her parents.
Marcus cuddled Thianne and whispered into her cheekbone staring ahead into darkness. “Your father is a king.”
“My father was a king as a human. That was a very long time ago here on Planet Earth, darling.”
“So, you really are a princess. And you are my princess, now,” he smiled.
“Hey!” Thian appeared and stood behind Marcus moving ahead with a smile and separating the two teens. He stood in front of his parents and nodded with laugher. “Do not kiss in front of my parents!”
Marcus laughed and stared at Nike but saw darkness. “What parents? I can’t see a thing, man!”
Lugh appeared with a short older male and stood beside Marcus, smiling at his teen friends, pointing to the male. "Hello, teens! This is my father. His name is Sirami. This is my mother. Her name is Pexa.”
Sirami wore a short white tinted robe without a smear of red dirt and a spot of golden tinted blood proteins unlike the other formal gods and goddesses exhibiting a midget-type body frame with a head of balding blonde tinted hair, a pair of brown tinted eyeballs, and a tone of pale tinted skin. He nodded with a smile to each face in silence and held the waistline of a midget-type female.
The older adult female wore a long ankle-length gown without a smear of dirt or a spot of blood, displaying a head of long flowing red tinted hair, a pair of green tinted eyes, and a tone of pink tinted skin.
Nike, Aiakos, Thian, and Thianne nodded back to teen god Lugh and his parents with a smile.
Aiakos nodded with a grin and pointed at the female. "I have heard of the name Pexa. Did you reside in the Pict society there in Brittany? Are you a member of the Pictish culture?"
Pexa frowned at Aiakos. "I don't remember. But I am a talented musical harpist. I enjoy playing music all day and all night."
He nodded. "The Pict culture had resided in the modern day country lands of Scotland as a group of farmers, hunters, fishermen, artists, warriors, and noblemen and women. However, the earliest history of the Pict landscape and the Pict people are unclear. No one knows the real name for the tribes of Pict. Thus, they have been labeled as the Pict. The Pict people did possess their own Pict language and recorded their vocal communication upon a group of large stationary tan colored rock boulder stones using their particular Pict alphabet in the form of symbols and animals shaped which are scattered across the modern day Scotland lands. However, the Pictish language is extinct now with only chiseled out names and places on each stone monument.
"The first existence of the Pict culture had been recorded on a Roman world map in the year 297 AD. But modern day world historians do believe that the Pict culture existed far earlier. The Pict technology of everyday life is not documented by mouth or by pen but slightly readable on each one of the archaeological stones that reveal hard evidence of their existence. Then sometimes during the 11th Century, the Pict people and their culture disappeared without reason or rhyme. Thus, the Pict lands, the Pictish people, and the Pictish language and their ancient Pictish legacy have been forgotten throughout world history."
Sirami gasped in shock and then giggled with his dark secret."Is that so?"
"O! That story is so sad," Pexa frowned.
Nike gasped in shock and then grinned down at the short midget-like male. “Aren’t you the Gaulish god of all forgetting everyone and everything, Sirami?”
Thian laughed out and nodded to Lugh. “Well, that explains a lot, bro!”
Thianne gasped in shock and slapped a hand over her mouth with a secret grin. "Well, that explains too much, I do believe!"
“That explains a lot of what, Thian? What does that statement mean? Did you insult me and my parents, Thian?” Lugh frowned with puzzlement at Thian. “I don’t understand.”
On the side wall in front of the new gate, Thor stood beside his son Hansel and admired fire work on the new gate, “Vulcan, have you finished your work?”
Vulcan, the formal god of steel stood beside the gate. “I am double-checking the steel. My god blood will hold this gate forever with the rows of newly forged steles while reinforcing the break-in.”
Hansel laughed. “Uh! Didn't you mean to use the human word, break-out?”
Vulcan smiled at the teen god. “No. Any god can break-in and enter the dark pit by whispering over the steel gate the magic password. However, the race of nasty Titans cannot never ever break-out from the pit through the steel gate.”
He nodded. “That’s a twist on an old idea.”
Vulcan remarked. “My god blood holds the door like a steel plate and it holds a metal patented with the US Federal Government on one of their war planes which does not detect human bodies.”
“That's like a piece of invisible steel. That's so cool, Vulcan!”
Vulcan gasped in alarm and shook his bone skull at Balder. “That is our little secret here, teen god. Is this your son, Thor?”
Thor slapped his arm around Hansel, “This is my son, the spitting image along with might and brains from his father.”
“I do believe I had some input here.” Sif smiled and stood behind her son.
Hansel spun around and hugged his mother for the first time, pulling back with a smile. “Mom! I love you. I have never seen your or heard your words, but I love you. And you are so pretty and beautiful, but you are my mom.” 
She smiled at her son, “Hansel, thank you! We have so much to talk about. But first, I'm so happy to see and hug my baby boy again.” Sif leaned over and hugged her son again.
A tiny hand reached out and touched his muscular arm. Hansel pulled back from his mother and turned with a gasp viewing Nikki.
Nikki stood in-between a brown-haired and pale-skinned Sirona, the former Celtic goddess of healing, and a tall and muscular older male with a head of long black tinted hair and a tone of pale skin. She smiled at Hansel. "Balder, well, I guess we go back to using our real names. Hansel, this is my mom. Her name is Sirona. She was the superstar goddess healer today. And this is my father. His name is Gamba. He was a former Gaul citizen and brave fighting warrior that helped the Galatians encompass the present day countries of France, Luxembourg, Belgium, Switzerland, the Netherlands, Germany and northern Italy. Of course my father was wounded on the active battle field, when my mom came along and healed his human wounds. They both fell in love and then married producing me, their only child. Mom and Dad, I want both of you to meet my boyfriend Hansel. He and I are in love and plan to marry right away ..."
"Right away?" Hansel gasped in alarm and cleared his throat, wrapping an arm around each one of his parents, faking a smile at his girl. He and Bibi needed to discuss that marriage theme later today. He nodded. “Mom, Dad, this is my girl Bibi.”
Sif laughed out loud and winked at Bibi. “You go girl! Grab your man and hang onto him! When is the marry today or tomorrow, dear?" She chuckled with the group of adults.
"Mom!" He gasped in shock.
Thor smiled with a nod. "I am very pleased to meet the girl that occupies the free time with my son.”
"Dad!" Hansel frowned at each one of his parents.
Thianne continued to cuddle with Marcus while escorting him around the cave room while finding his parents and then appeared to invade the private huddle with Bibi, Sirona, Gamba, Thor, Sif, and Hansel. He had overheard the tart conversation and turned with a smile staring at Thor and Sif, jabbing a finger at Hansel and then at Bibi. “You need to keep both of your eyelids on Hansel and his girl Bibi, Mr. and Mrs. Thor.” He gasped in shock and shook his bone skull, releasing Thianne, rubbing his eye sockets. He removed both of his hands and stared at each face with a smile. “Hey! I can see everything and everyone also. I am not blind anymore,” he turned and winked at his girl. “And I can see my girl, too. Hey!" He turned and scanned the cave room with puzzlement. "Hey! Where am I? What happened in here? Is this the same cave room? Some of the walls are wet. Why is there a great big open hole in the ceiling? What a mess? What happened to floor stalactites and the ceiling stalagmites?"
Thianne chuckled with amusement at her man and back stepped from the private huddle with Bibi, Sirona, Gamba, Thor, Sif and Hansel, slowly spinning around to face the opposite wall, padding ahead while searching for Marcus' parents.
Thian appeared and stood in front of Marcus, stopping the couple, laughing out loud. "What happened to the cave room? Did you ask that lingering question? What is the last event that you remember, Marcus?”
Marcus scratched his chest and then his dirty hair roots nodding with puzzlement, scanning the cave room. "Yeah, I remember the last event of the early morning hours. The ancient sundial chimed out loud that announced my birthday. Hey! This is my birthday. This is the birth of my day. I am eighteen years old today. Where is my surprise birthday party?"
Ares and Apollo shuffled through the crowd of former gods and goddesses, where some of the mortals were climbing out on their own accord or tossed from the cave room by Okeanos. Each new mortal human was hitching a ride back to their new homestead, the US State of Florida.
Ares with a black-haired and pale-skinned Apollo stood beside Thian and smiled at Marcus.
Ares shook his long flowing black tinted hair. "Gaia had stopped time. Her first born son had restarted time and moved the entire world forward several calendar months. Today is three months later than you remember, Marcus."
Marcus gasped in shock. "What! Today is not my birthday. Today is three months later my true birthday. Then, did I miss my birthday party? When did I hold my birthday party? I didn't remember attending my birthday party on the birth of my day. Was that really three months ago? Did you attend my birthday party, today, yesterday, three months ago, Thianne?" Thian and Thianne laughed with amusement. The rest of the teens with their birth names including Chun, Bibi, Hansel, and Liam joined the private circle of friends.
Apollo laughed and slapped the bicep on his friend Ares. "Marcus, I want you to meet Ares, the god of war."
He gasped in stunned and bowed his chin to the war god, standing upright with a smile. “Are you my biological father, sir?”
Ares sneered at Marcus. “Apollo, come over here and whip your serf!”
“What is a serf? I am not a serf. I am a god,” Marcus sneered at Ares.
Hansel leaned over and mouth spit onto the cheekbone on Marcus. "A serf is the Italian word for slave."
Marcus gasped in angry. "I am not a slave or a serf or a wharf to any god or man or goddess or woman."
Apollo slapped his chest and smiled at Marcus. "I am your father, Marcus. I am Apollo, the former Greek god of the sun."
"And I am your mother, Marcus," a tall and slender female appeared and collided with Apollo, displaying a head of long flowing blonde hair, a pair of aqua eyes, and a tone of dark skin. She wore a dirty orange outfit and hugged her husband. "I am the former Roman goddess of beauty. I am named Venus. I have missed you so much, Marcus. Now, we are here and all alive. We will go to lunch and tell us about your life, since birth, Marcus.” She leaned over and hugged Marcus pulling back with smile.
Marcus smiled. “Mom, you are so beautiful.”
“All goddesses are beautiful, Marcus.” Venus laughed.
He leaned over and hugged Thianne. “This is goddess Thianne, my beautiful goddess, Mother. We plan to marry today or tomorrow or as soon as possible, Father.”
“Hello there and welcome to the family, Thianne.” She leaned over and hugged Thianne pulling back with a smile.
Thianne giggled and then nodded with a smile. "Hello, Venus or Miss Venus or Mrs. Apollo...”
“Just call her mom now.” Marcus smiled with a nod to Venus. She nodded back.
She giggled. “Mom.”
Marcus turned and frowned at Ares. “I can’t believe Ares is not my dad. I connected with your name and your image and your three god weapons. I was so shore that you were my biological father.”
"Yeah, every male wants to be me! However, I am the only me." Ares laughed out loud and reached over, slapping both of his hands at one collar bone on Marcus, turning to see Apollo. “I wanna bestow a gift on your son, if you don’t mine, Apollo.”
“Go for it!” Apollo nodded with a smile to Marcus.
Marcus released Thianne and gasped in alarm at Ares. "Does a god gift hurt or harm or make me bleed for hours in pain and suffering?"
Ares smiled with a nod. "Well, of course it does!" He laughed with Apollo and the other teens.
He yelped in fear. "What!"
Pan appeared and shuffled his short body, standing in-between Archibald and Ares, looking up at the chin on Ares. “It is not possible for you to bestow a god gift on the teen god. You have lost your god powers, Ares. You have lost all of your god powers. You are a tall and mean mortal human now.”
Ares removed his hands and stepped backwards, looking down at Pan and then returned back to smile at Marcus. “Pan is correct. I do not possess any god powers. Therefore, I forfeit my god name Ares and present to your person, my young and noble teen god.”
“Me!” Marcus slapped his chest and bounced up and down with excitement. "Me! Really! Me! You wanna give me your name of Ares, the mighty god of war and all of that and henceforth."
Ares drew out his god sword and pointed down to the dirt. “Kneel before me, teen!” Marcus dropped down on one knee and continued to smile, bowing his chin down into his chest while wiggling with happiness. Ares gently placed the blade of the sword on each collar bone on Marcus and nodded the word. “Now, you are named as the Greek god of war Ares.” He removed the blade and stored the sword back down into the sheath, nodding down at the hair roots on Ares.
The newly named Ares swiftly stood upright from the dirt and clapped with excitement leaning over, kissing Thianne. He pulled back and started to clap with more excitement. “Dang it! This the best birthday present ever.” Ares tossed both of his arms in the air and nodded with a smile, screaming out loud with excitement. "I am named Ares, the Greek god of war."
Apollo turned and frowned at his former Greek god friend. “That's a great gift to my son. So, what do we call you, the former Ares and the current nameless former god?”
The formal god of war nodded with a smile and slapped his chest. “I am now named as Marcus. If I remember correctly, the proper name of Marcus translates into 'a warlike state' within the Italian language, who is still brave and bold …”
“... and arrogant ...” Pan laughed.
“Now, former Ares and current Marcus is a new mortal man.” Apollo smiled.
The new Marcus slapped his chest and nodded with  a stern face. “I’m a mortal human now with a long lifeline of days and evenings. But, for damn sure, I do not wanna become intimidating to a human or the race of humans either,” he laughed with the other adults.
The newly named eighteen years old Ares stopped bouncing and reached out, slapping a hand into the collar bone on the new Marcus, nodding with a smile, “Don’t worry, new Marcus! I got your back, buddy.” He removed both of his hands and stood upright with a smile bouncing up and down with excitement. The other teens clapped with excitement for the new gift to their old friend.
“Thank you, Ares!” Marcus nodded to the younger Ares.
Marcus continued to dance around in a circle with glee and tossed both of his arms in the air, shouting out loud, “I am Ares, the god of war!”
Apollo, Venus, and the newly named older Marcus scooted away from the huddle of teens. Apollo smiled at the huddle of teens. "The second civil war has ended. Time to leave this place right now and right here. Each teen can flew off the dirt and into the sky. Each old mortal human must climb up the dirt walls or ask Okeanos for a lift upward into the skyline using his Titan god magic exiting from the cave room. On top of the mountain peak, Titan god Helios still possesses his god power and his flying chariot which is pulled by invisible air waves. He is taking car loads of mortal humans to our new homestead, a sandbar off the coast line of Florida. I love the sun and the sand," he spun around with a smile and moved ahead with the huddle of adults while padding towards Okeanos and discussing the future. The adults will allow the teens to celebrate in private, after winning the second civil war against the race of nasty Titans and Titanesses.
Inside the loose huddle, eighteen years old teen god Hansel continued to clap and laugh at the same time while staring a silly Marcus. “You're still the same old geek god.”
Marcus continued to dance with glee and sing out loud with happiness. “Hey! I am officially the new and improved Greek god of war, Ares.”
Archibald held his forehead with a soft thump of pain and stared at a silly Ares. “He's still a geek god of dork.” He spun around and with a smile and led the other teens towards the middle of the cave room while softly chuckling with the other teens.
Hansel spun around and padded beside Archibald nodding with laughter. “You missed out on the active and bloody battle fight, Greek geek of Geek-dom.”
He nodded at the group of mortal humans, who were getting tossed up into the ceiling hole by Okeanos. “What battle fight? The newly named Ares had missed the entire second civil war including the battles, the spraying blood and all the brave gods and goddesses.”
The newly named eighteen years old Ares dashed ahead of his friend and halted, spinning around with a wink at Archibald and then Hansel. “Naw! I didn't. I fought against a fake teen goddess Dainichi, who was really a demon dog that was called a Mandune and then she turned into a beautiful Babylon priestess looked like a babe. So, it had been evil and ancient Dainichi who played and tortured us while working with Satan’s Grandmother, who was really Gaia, the goddess of Planet Earth and looked like a freaking stick on a hotdog. That’s reminds me, I’m hungry.”
Archibald smiled. “You were sound asleep like a tiny baby the entire time before, during, and after the second civil war, ya geek freak,” he laughed with the other teens.
The newly named eighteen years old Ares slapped his chest with a smile. “I did it all by myself, me, mine and I. Where were ya'll? No where! I was alone, isolated, and hurt.” He rubbed both of his palms across his naked chest with a nod. “Are you blind? Do you not see my set of black and blue colored bruises and all of my pink and red tinted skin cuts.” Actually, all the bruises and skin cuts were gone and had been healed by the golden tinted blood coming from Thian.
Each teen laughed out loud and pointed at the naked chest on Ares.
Ares gasped in shock and looked down rubbing his chest with puzzlement. “What! Where are they? What happened to my bite marks and wound skin cuts, and the painful bruises by Mandune and Gaia? I don't see them. They were there. I saw them and I felt them. Where are the bite marks on my body?”
Thian stood beside Balder and lifted his hand wiggling his finger. A Burn U white tinted tee shirt appeared and covered Ares along with a pair of faded blue jeans, a pair of white tinted sneakers and a white tinted baseball cap.
Archibald laughed. “The newly named Ares is still the geek of meek.”
Thian winked with a grin at Ares. “Polly came down here and healed your body with all of the bruises and wound skin cuts.”
Archibald gasped in shock and pointed at his god friend Thian, “But you had …”
Thian whipped up his healed hand and covered his lips shaking his bone skull with the secret.
Ares gasped in shock and huffed out loud with disappointment. “Polly, the hot swimsuit model came here inside the cave room.” He turned and scanned empty room. All of the mortal humans had left the damp, dark cave room and were traveling to the US State of Florida. “Where is Polly? Is she hiding inside the hole in the side wall.” Each teen laughed with amusement.
Hansel pointed at Ares and laughed out loud. “Yeah, you missed that, too, geek of meek. Ares, you had been sound asleep like a little tiny baby before the war, during the war, and after the war.” He laughed with the other teens.
Ares gasped in shock and shook his bone skull, reaching out and grabbed Thianne jerking his girl beside his rib cage. He leaned over and hugged her while nodding with a smile to his other friends. “Thianne, my princess, please tell all of them how I saved all the teens today! Today, it is my eighteenth birthday.” Each teen continued to laugh and shook a bone skull.
Thianne nodded with a smile to each teen. “We're getting married today.”
“No!” He gasped in alarm.
She turned and frowned at his nose profile whispering with disappointment. “No. Are we getting married, today, Ares?”
He nodded with a stern face and then shook his bone skull. “I mean to say yes.”
Bibi bounced up and down and danced ahead, standing in front of Thianne with a smile. “I wanna to be your Maid of Honor.” She halted with giggles and wiggled her finger. Her petite body displayed an Oscar de la Renta designer brand pale blue tinted off-the-shoulder plantation gown with a matching cloth bow on her waistline. Her blonde tinted hair roots wore a Tiffany designer brand diamond tiara. Her petite hands cupped a bouquet of pink tinted roses. Bibi turned and winked to her guy Hansel. “How do I look, babe?”
Hansel turned and winked to Bibi. “You look cute enough to marry me.” He leaned down and kissed her lips, pulling back with a smile.
She giggled. “Yes, I do!”
Ares yelped with confusion and nodded his bone skull while cuddling his girl Thianne. “I mean yes to the marriage ceremony and yes to telling them about me saving everyone here at the civil war. Tell them what I did, Thianne!”
“I’m going to be Thianne's Maid of Honor at her wedding, Bibi. You can be one of the many bride maidens at her upcoming wedding ceremony. I am Thianne’s bestest friend first.” Chun stood in place and wiggled her finger that activated her full goddess powers. Her body displayed a Giorgio Armani designer brand sequin-designed, strapless ball gown in red, blue, green, orange, gold, and silver with a Matthew Campbell Laurenza designer brand sterling silver coated neck choker which was made of rubies, sapphires, emeralds and diamonds, a pair of matching wrist bone bracelet cuffs, and a pair of dangling earrings. She held an arm of loose red tinted roses that was tied with a satin black tinted bow.
“No! I am going to be one of Thianne's maid of honors too. Can I become a maid of honor too, Thianne.” Bibi frowned at Thianne.
Chun frowned. “No! I am the Maid of Honor. I am already dressed for the part. You can become the Matron of Honor, after you get married to Hansel, this afternoon, Bibi.”
“No!” Ares yelled.
Bibi turned and frowned at Ares. “Why can’t I become the Maid of Honor at your wedding ceremony, Ares?"
He frowned and shook his bone skull. “I mean yes. I mean no. I mean …” He turned and whined to his princess. “Thianne!”
Thianne smiled and nodded to each face. “I say yes to everything. Ares and I are getting married today. Everyone is invited to the wedding ceremony tonight at the new sandbar in Florida.”
“Thianne!” Ares whined.
Archibald moved ahead with laughter and reached out, slapping the forearm on Ares, padding to the open hole in the ceiling. “Congratulations, bro! I'll be there at the wedding ceremony, without the bells, but with the whistles. Good luck, Thianne!” He bent down and lifted off the dirt, flying through the air waves, landing on top of the grassy ground on Sand Mountain, moving from the deep cave opening and then waited for his friends.
Hansel moved ahead with a smile and escorted his girl Bibi, reaching out, slapping the forearm on Ares with loud laughter. “I offer lots of mega good luck to you, too, dude! I think both of us are going to need it, before this heated day ends.” Bibi sneered with fury and slapped his naked arm.
 Thianne cuddled with Ares and nodded with a smile in silence. Ares whined again. “Thianne! What is he talking about?”
Liam appeared with a grin and stood in-between his parents standing even at the waistline on taller Ares, looking up with a smile and slapping his chest. “And I offer to become your bestest man at your wedding ceremony, this afternoon. We are bestest of friends, now, isn't that right, Ares, the true god of war?”
Pexa plucked on her portal musical harp and winked at Ares. "I can become the harpist at your wedding young god and goddess. I think I remember how to play the instrument."
Sirami leaned over and peaked a light kiss on the cheekbone of his wife Pexa, pulling back with a smile. "Yes, Pexa, you know how to play a harp."
Thianne leaned over and whispered into the cheekbone on Ares the new information.
Ares laughed out and nodded with a smile to Pexa. "Okay! You can come and play the harp at our wedding. Thanks for the offer, Pexa!"
"O! Can I really play the harp?" She smiled at Thianne.
Sirami leaned over and hugged his wife with a smile. "Yes, dear! Do you not remember? You can play a harp."
Thian moved ahead with soft laughter and gently shoved Liam and his parents away from Thianne and Marcus, pushing them towards the open ceiling. "We all need to leave the cave room, right now and right here. God Helios is waiting on top of the mountain peak to take the last of the mortals to the new sandbar homestead. Get moving all of ya'll, before you miss the boat," he chuckled alone.
Liam smiled and escorted his parents to the hole opening and used his full god powers lifting all of them from the dirt, in the air, and landed down on top of the grassy soil. They moved ahead and entered the chariot for the final destination to their new home.
Thianne and Ares cuddled and whispered a set of sweet words to each other in love while discussing their upcoming marriage ceremony of happiness which would occur on top of a sandbar in Florida. They spun around with smile and slowly moved ahead, stopping underneath the hole in the ceiling.
Ares wiggled his hand and released his god powers, slowly lifting them up from the dirt, through the air, and landing down on top of the grassy soil.
Inside the cave, Thian stood alone and watched the last of the teen gods and goddesses exit the smelly room exhaling in both happiness and sadness. He looked up and smiled at the bright sunlight rays which painted the pale blue sky at the highest peak on Sand Mountain, which was located in his birth home of Alabama, within the greatest country in the world.
Some of the brave, bright, and bold eighteen year old teen gods and goddesses had graduated the Fosterage Ritual. The others had died trying to complete the tough, rough god and goddess training program.
The strong survive. The weak die.
The wolf pack of teens had lost goddess Kruti on the artifact hunt and then goddess Rachel at the woodland picnic. Goddess Josefina had sacrificed her soul at the Celtic play in order for the rest of the teens to survive and see their parents. Finally, god Fabio and goddess Yaffa had fought and then loss inside the Tartarus cave, within the second civil war battle, against the group of nasty Titans and Titanesses.
Thian would never forget their friendship, love, and sacrifice. He stared at the shadow on his friend Ares.
His old friend and fellow teen god had been named Marcus and now renamed as Ares. Ares had been captured, tormented, and poisoned by Satan’s Grandmother, a silly nickname chosen by Granny Hanover, who wore a disguise as the true Mother Nature or Titan goddess name of Gaia. But, teen god Ares had survived by skill or luck.
Thian was grateful for either method. He was getting a new member within his immediate family. His mother was Nike, the former Greek goddess of victory. His biological father was named Aiakos, a mortal human king on the island of Aegina. Now, they all were a happy mortal family, who would spend the rest of their long lives on a flat sandbar off the Atlantic Ocean within the US State of hot sizzling Florida sun and sand.
The teenly god and goddess search for Satan's Grandmother was finally over. Each surviving teen had turn eighteen years old of age, three months ago, when Gaia had frozen both time and space on Sunday, June 9th, before the start of god and goddess Second Civil War. Then, her first born son god Titan Kronus had released time and space, only for the gods and goddesses, after losing the same civil war.

The current time was 07:07:07 pm, right before sunset, on Friday evening of September 6th, three months later, from the date of June, 9th, within the current solar year.
Now, each eighteen year old god and goddess possessed a set of full blown operational god or goddess powers and was currently responsible for protecting their parents, their pantheon, and their planet, until the end of time.
Thian dashed ahead with a smile and leaped up from the dirt floor inside the cave room using his god powers, soaring through the air and then slammed into the back spine on Ares on top of the grassy ridge. Ares stumbled forward with a gasp of shock. Thian reached out and grabbed the tee shirt collar and jerked back, cuddling Ares into his rib cage, mouth spitting into the smooth cheekbone on Ares, shouting for fun into the eardrum on Ares too. “Welcome to our family, my new upcoming brother-in-law!” He laughed with the other teen gods and goddesses.
Ares smiled at Thianne, instead of sneering at Thian while thinking of his wonderful new god life with his goddess.


CHAPTER FIFTEEN

Cast of Characters:


Beck Actworth, student, geek
Billy Jack, student, football player, twin of Bobby Joe
Bobby Joe, student, football player, twin of Billy Jack
Cinta Warfield, student, majorette, Risa’s girl best
Davy Ray, student, football player
Garth Warfield, student, football player
Lara Lee Hodges, student, head majorette
Risa Dawn Patillo, student, majorette, Cinta’s girl best


Story location:


The metro city of Birmingham is 1,237 miles from the rural town of Brewster, Alabama, which takes an automobile driver 18 hours and 30 minutes to arrive in the fair city. The city is covered in one-story older ranch homes that covers 11.22 square miles of land and 0.23 square miles of water. The flat and fertile land elevation is 82 feet above sea level and lies 62 miles north from the Gulf of Mexico warm ocean waters. The weather is cool and then hotter air and wind temperatures throughout the solar year with 61 degrees Fahrenheit in the month of January and 91 degrees Fahrenheit in the month of August.
Historically, the small rural of Brewster had provided water barges running to and from the larger city of Pensacola, within the US State of Florida on the Murder Creek and Burnt Corn Creek, transporting goods, people, merchandise, and lumber, before the establishment of the railway system in the year 1861.
However, the focus of the story location runs three miles easterly from Brewster, in a small cow town which is called Apollo.
The small town Apollo consists of either ranch-type or Greek-inspired plantation houses, that are surrounded by vast wildness of tall shade trees, smaller range of wild animals, a smaller fresh water river, and numerous flat, open fields that contain corn, cotton, cows, horses, hogs, chickens, goats, dogs, and cats, that occupies 22 square miles of landmass with .50 square miles of fresh water. The landmass is 81 feet above sea level and lies 63 miles north from the Gulf of Mexico.


Story plot:

Risa is a sixteen-year-old, high school senior that twirls a majorette baton for the Apollo High School marching band and produces a set of lousy academic grades, not on purpose; it just happens, after hours of studying and constant tutoring lessons from her next door neighbor and bestest high school friend Cinta.
Her parents are a pair of college-educated graduates and own one of the local farmlands that supplies the family income and possesses hopes and dreams sending their only child to the university, without a scholarship.
Due to Risa's lousy academic non-achievements, the teen female has never been a fun, solo or double-date with a high school teen male while greatly desiring her dream to come true. 


Same calendar date but different American city, four hours and ten minutes later ...


Friday, September 6th


Warm temperatures with bright twinkling stars
  with a quarter moon of dull light
Private bedroom suite of Cinta
11:10 pm


High school student and sixteen years old, the female stood tall and skinny with a head of long dark brown colored hair beside a fuchsia hot pink tinted vanity chair, in front of the mirror, at the red tinted cherry wood vanity bureau and then spun around with a smile, exposing a pair of naked breasts.
She had removed the top first. Then she rolled up her sequined top and launched a messy, spiky clothing ball as an array of tiny pellets of glittery metals accurately flung against a lavender colored wall inside the second level private bedroom of her girl best or best girlfriend Cinta Warfield.
During the launch cycle, a few, maybe, five or six broken sequins from the top detached and then descended down, bouncing off a hard coated steel personal suitcase, settling down inside a lush carpet of white hue.
The bedroom size was a wide rectangular-shaped room. The forward wall contained a row of low-lying glass window panes that was covered in a set of heavy light reducing curtain drapes in dark purple tone which made the natural room light really dark. In front of each window that was draped with the curtain, a row of short wooden chests in various dark colors stood a few feet apart and displayed numerous high school trophies and various framed pictures with Cinta’s family members and her best friends from her local high school and her home community.
The entrance wall displayed a single entrance door next to the side wall which was closed for privacy that stood beside one bedroom nightstand in red cherry tinted wood that matched the vanity bureau. The nightstand contained a tall lamp in lavender ceramic with an array of flowing fake yellow tinted butterfly encircling the circular base, a large glass vase of real yellow carnations, and a small alarm clock in yellow tinted ceramic with the accurate time in numeric digits at 11:30 pm.
On the same entrance wall, a king-sized bed mattress was sunk down in-between four bed posts of lavender tint on the wood with a curved headboard and a matching footboard. The bed mattress was covered with four king-sized pillows that each wore a satiny lavender tinted pillow case on top of a matching bedspread. On the opposite side of the bed frame, a second night stand in cherry wood kissed the wall intersection.
On that same side wall, a sliding wardrobe closet stood with one door open and ready for entrance. Cinta stood tall and skinny also with long blonde colored hair in front of the wardrobe closet and undressed her body, quickly slipping into a pair of flannel pajamas in light gray hue with a pattern of white tinted lambs.
At the end of the wardrobe closet frame, a lavender tinted metal student desk kissed the wall and displayed an orange and blue computer laptop with the lid closed and her majorette baton which leaned against the paint. A matching lavender tinted metal student rolling chair hugged the edge on the student desk.
On the opposite wall, the vanity bureau with Risa hugged the wall paint and caressed the edge of the curtain drapes, displaying a reflection mirror, a vanity chair, and two sides of vanity drawers. The vanity surface was clean and polished, when Cinta used the furniture piece.
Tonight, the hard surface was covered with an assortment of nasty looking makeup bags and various opened makeup bottles, tubes, and containers that belonged to Risa.
The empty space in-between the vanity bureau and the bathroom frame was covered in an assortment of tall and short framed pictures that held numerous family members and friends also. The last item was the bathroom frame with an open archway that led into a yellow colored single lavatory with the standard equipment for any person including a shower stall, a single wash sink, and a single toilet.
In front of the closet, seventeen years old, high school student Cinta spun around with a gasp and frowned on her golden tinted skin at the soft tinkling noise coming from each broken off sequin from Risa’s uniform while staring down at the bright twinkles on top of her bedroom carpet, jabbing a manicured fingernail in baby blue hue down at each misplaced, cute, and broken off sequin. “Don’t destroy your majorette uniform, sweetie! You must wear for the rest of the football games and finally then when the marching band marches in the holiday parade in the month of December.”
She laughed and shook her long dark brown colored tinted curls, spinning around to face the vanity mirror, speaking to her sour frown. “Naw! I have decided that all the majorettes are going to wear the baby blue sweat shirt and the matching pair of warm sweat pants over a white tinted turtleneck with a cute furry headband that keeps both of my naked earlobes from freezing off my skull bone, since the air temperature is going to plummet down into the low forties, this time, next month, during the last month of the calendar.  December is always cold and chilly to my bones and blood, especially at night,” she whipped off the matching sequined shorts-like bikini bottom around her tight butthole, which was part of her two-piece majorette uniform and then tossed her second item down into her open suitcase leaving more detached sequins on top of the lush rug. She slipped into the pair of silky pajamas.
“That’s not what Lara Lee says,” Cinta smiled and hung her personal majorette uniform inside her wardrobe closet while debating with her best female friend Risa.
Risa continued to stand and removed more painted makeup from my free-pimpled face with three different oil olive pads, sitting down on top of the lavender stool at Cinta’s vanity bureau with three individual built-in mirrors, two on each side and one in the middle. She frowned into the mirror. “Fiddlesticks on Lara Lee! She might be the head majorette, but I’m the co-head on the squad. There are six of us making a perfect block against a single evil female dictator which is the first one within the history of Planet Earth. Ain't that right, Cinta? How did Lara Lee become the head majorette over me anyways? I'm the better baton twirler. Period! No question mark here or there!” She did not smirk or smile or giggle while avoiding a toxic olive oil drop inside her naked eyeball.
Cinta spun around from the closed closet door and reached over, jerking off the lavender tinted satin bedspread from the headboard slowly moving the fabric down to the footboard while exposing a row of three king-sized matching satin pillowcases for the evening slumber. “Lara Lee, she can charm a cobra snake one. And, two, she can do a two-turn,” she exhaled with the tough task and leaped up from the floor, on top of the wide mattress with the matching lavender tinted bed linens, tossing the bedspread off the bed frame and down into the front wall with a loud grunt. She sat back on her kneecaps and turned with a smile, viewing the back spine on Risa for a few seconds. “Risa!”
Risa held the sticky olive oil cleaning pad and stared into the vanity reflection mirror as her two eyeballs stared back. She frowned with annoyance. “Out of all days to miss my fabulous two-turn baton spin, which I had originated long, before Lara Lee did, last year. Do you remember me completing my two-turn baton spin, Cinta? Then, during the one cotton picking day of the entire solar sun year that counted the most which at the marching band majorette try-out day. Fiddlesticks! You know I can perform a two-turn and then catch my baton, all at the same time. Do you remember seeing me perform my two-turn baton spin, Cinta?”
Cinta smiled. “Lara Lee can do a three-turn.” She neatly twirled the fabric down into a flat log, slipping the bedspread off the bed mattress down on top of the wooden chest while keeping the satin fabric clean and fresh.
“Naw.” Risa frowned in the mirror.
“Yes.”
Risa continued to frown into the mirror. “Naw! You’re lying big time here, Cinta.”
“Yes! I have eye-witnessed her triple-turn or three-turn, before the football Pep Rally last week,” she wrestled with the bed linens from the headboard.
Risa watched Cinta through the reflection mirror and frowned with confusion, “Where was I?”
“I do believe that you were located inside the girly bathroom either peeing in the toilet or illegally glossing one or both of your cheekbones with my legal pink tinted blush powder. You always seem to be somewhere else, when the fun is happening, at the moment, Risa.” Cinta laughed. “Lara Lee, our head majorette said that you and me were going to perform a two-turn during the next half-time marching band show, next week, while she did her three-turn twist. The other four majorettes will perform a one-turn. So, we will all do it at the same time next week on the second marching band song as we twirl in front of the audience.” Cinta smiled and waited in the mirror in silence. “Risa?”
“Whoa, the stagecoach!” She did not nod or smirk while wiping her dirty face of Cinta makeup with the olive oil cleaning pad.
Cinta laughed. “And I like to read all of these e-novels, too, girl best. I recalled that phrase, within the e-book entitled Gods and Tales by that e-writer Ela.”
Risa mentally visualized a horizontal line-up of majorettes on the edge of football field as the band musician queued the fanfare. Then each girl pitched their baton up in the air while four of them twirled around one time and caught the baton while two of them performed a two-time and caught the baton and head majorette Lara Lee performed three full rotations on her tall, slender body, catching the baton and all of them posed with a smile in front of the crowd of fans. She whispered with a smile. “That’s so cool!”
Cinta smiled. “That’s why Lara Lee is our captain.”
Her smiled turned into a sour frown in the reflection mirror. Risa lifted up the oil olive pad and removed the maroon colored lipstick, where Risa had borrowed from her friend Cinta as Risa's mother did not allow painted cosmetics on her daughter's face and body for any reason.
She sneered. “No! Lara Lee only won the head position by default. I had missed my two-turn and she had caught her baton like a luck dang dog that survived the gas chamber at the local animal shelter. I’m still not wearing that skimpy sequined thing on that cold night for the December holiday parade as I’m freeze my single butthole off my tight fanny. No way! I do declare a civil war within the majorette squad, before that happens to me. Are you with me? Are you my ally tomorrow, girl best?”
“Lara Lee rules here today and there in the future month of December.” Cinta laughed.
“Lara Lee drools.” She snarled with frustration.
“That’s not a nice statement, Risa. Anyways, Lara Lee is very popular and pretty and …”
“No, she ain’t.” She frowned at the mirror.
Cinta smiled. “Yes, she is very popular and very pretty and well-liked …”
“I don’t like her…” since the second grade. Seven years old, elementary student Lara Lee had pushed seven years old Risa off the playground swing set. Risa smiled into the reflection mirror, “No. I don’t like to hang with her boyfriend Davy Ray either."
Cinta frowned. "No one likes to hang with her and her boyfriend Davy Ray, since he is more of a Bama redneck rather than a true cowboy.”
“Geez! Teen Davy Ray is more of a backwards Bama hillbilly rather than a local redneck and always slobbers onto Lara Lee’s ugly face like a tiny piglet on her mama’s tit.”
Cinta frowned. “You shouldn’t curse out loud, Risa!”
“That noun is not a curse word. That noun is part of a mammal’s physical hairy body. Tit!” She shouted out loud with laughter.
“Hush, Risa! Geez! My parents will hear your loud voice as they sleep down …”
“… stairs on the first floor inside your house …” Risa had to constantly remind her best friend Cinta with the layout of her own residential home.
“And with your big mouth continues to cuss out loud in piccolo music traveling upwards toward the heavens, which will get me rather than your butthole into some big time trouble. What’s your probe, tonight, Risa?” Cinta frowned at the back spine on Risa.
She stared into the mirror which reflected part of Cinta. “Why don’t you challenge Lara Lee's authority more, Cinta? You can perform a two-turn baton spin very well along with me. If you had vied for captain of the majorette squad, then you would’ve gotten the title and the honor. Then, we would be like a pair of bee stingers and unstoppable as a set of co-rules on the majorette squad while vetoing all of Lara Lee’s stupid poopy majorette decisions.”
“Football season is almost over, so Lara Lee can’t dictate to your butthole, anymore, Risa. And I don’t want to co-anything with head majorette Lara Lee. I don’t like her, which means that I don’t associate with people that I don’t like.”
“O! That’s a good rule to learn. I should remember that one! Do you like me?”
Cinta nodded with a smile into the mirror, “Of course, I do, girl best.”
“Am I popular with our school classmates?” She stared at her clean face inside the mirror.
“Of course, you are popular, pretty, and a pampered princess which makes for a new rule inside my bedroom: Don’t trash my new rug, Risa! Geez! My mama will produce a baby calf with a litter of newborn kittens.” Cinta quickly trucked her pair of naked feet to the broken metal, kneecapping down on the floor, collecting each shiny piece. “Fudge cakes, if my mama steps her naked toes on these sharp objects while cleaning my room during her nosy motherly investigation of my precious but well-hidden secret stuff, she’d ground me until the Labor Day holiday of next year.”
She frowned in the mirror and continued to clean the makeup off her face, “I'm so sorry, Cinta. Look! Go and get your vacuum cleaner. Then I’ll brush it around your new rug. I like the color of white, but want it get really dirty, really fast from walking round and round in the same spot coming from the your doorway to your vanity chair and into your bathroom door and then back into your bed mattress. Then, the white hue will become a dirty white tint and turn into a light beige, not matching the bright white in the corners and …”
Cinta frowned into the reflection mirror while talking to her friend. “One, you think too much, girl best one. And, two, the time is 11:16 pm at night. You know sleeping time for the Warfield clan, if my mama hears any type of waking-up racket coming from my room at this unholy hour, Risa, then she’ll birth a four-legged filly beside a litter of newborn puppies.”
“You’re going to make a great veterinary, someday, Cinta, since you speak bravely for all the animals fighting for survival against mankind.”
Cinta exhaled with worry. “Well, the race of earthlings is slowly murdering the bluish-green planet and sucking the life outta of each species that doesn’t trot upright on a ten designer-covered, naked, manicured, and hand painted toe nails.”
Risa dropped the dirty olive oil pad down into the trashcan and nodded with a stern face, standing upright from the vanity bench, spinning around and assisted with the proper cleaning chore of numerous shiny sequins beside Cinta. Then she slowly stood upright in her yellow-tinted duckie-patterned silky pajama with a sleeveless top and a pair of matching shorts with caution, holding both of her open palms with the remnants, pirouetting around towards the private lavatory inside Cinta's bedroom. She gently dropped them down into the pretty hot pink personal trash can beside the vanity bureau. Risa entered the lavatory and closed the door, relieving her biological functions.
Risa was a twirling majorette in the Apollo High School (AHS) marching band along with my girl best, which was kinda like a guy pal, but for my female friend, who was named Cinta Warfield.
Risa and Cinta had been a pair of little tikes on the first day of the pre-kindergarten classroom at the Apollo Elementary School, when a four-year-old Beck Actworth had tripped over his two big sneakers landing down on top of Risa. New classmate Cinta kicked his rib cage in-between the sixth and seventh ribs. Beck rolled off Risa in the opposite direction resting on the grass in childhood pain and suffering.



Ten years ago, Risa, along with her school classmates, shockingly had learned that six-year-old Beck Actworth had contracted a permanent muscular disease, which was attacking the seventh disc on his spinal cord and nervous system at the age of four-years-old.

That very day on the first day of school had been the first attack on his weakly biological body. So, Beck had not meant to purposefully land down on top of Risa causing her to fall backwards on her back spine on the soft grass at the recess time period on the Apollo Elementary School playground field.

Risa had happened to be the one soft fleshy object that cushioned his pre-destined fall down to the grass. However, Cinta and Risa had been introduced becoming a pair of girl best friends, since back then and now present day.

Currently, sixteen years old high school student Risa Patillo lived and breathed at the road address of 218 Maple Street within the large farm town of Apollo, within the great US State of Alabama. The rural town ran geographically easterly towards westerly and then in a parallel line towards US Highway 29 that led south into the US State of Florida. 

However, Risa was a home-grown Alabama girl in heart, soil, and twang.

Her biological mother had birthed infant Risa on September, the seventh, which would occur in precisely 42 minutes, 37 seconds, and 15 milliseconds.

The alarm clock slowly counted forward toward Father Time on top of Cinta's cherry tinted wooden nightstand.


Inside Cinta's bedroom, Risa returned back and stood in front of the reflection mirror whacking exactly twenty-three strokes down her dark brown-colored, waist-length, semi-wavy hair, before the bedtime hour and their scheduled trash talk of each classmate at Apollo High School.
Cinta entered her lavatory and closed the door, relieving her biological functions next.
Every Friday night, during the Apollo High School football game, every sober and a few intoxicated devoted Apollonian natives stood and shouted their old Alma Mata’s success for a new football victory win while drooling for the ASH marching band with the line-up of pretty majorettes, which included Risa and Cinta, leading the loud band musicians. And every Friday night, Risa spent the night with her friend Cinta, after the ending of the football game, since the tenth grade, because they were a pair of girl bests.
On Saturday morning, at precisely 4:30 am in the morning, the livestock from the Patillo Ranch stood in the front of a wheeled cattle transport with millions of harvested field crop peanuts inside numerous sealed containers in the rear of a three super-long semi-truck tractor hauling the precious merchandise towards the capital city Montgomery within the US State Alabama for the monthly monetary income tally coming from hard work by Risa's biological parents.
This particular Friday night, in forty-one more minutes and counting forward, Risa becomes a seventeen year old teenager at midnight, without sleeping at her private home. Risa's parents had left early this morning, instead of tomorrow morning, due to the urgency of the US Federal Government stupid rules and regulations.
That was a no big deal to Risa, since her immediate family would celebrate her private birthday celebration later on tomorrow evening. Her parents would return back from their required chore of making cash money to put plates of  hot food on the table and provide a three-tier, vanilla colored birthday cake with seventeen rows red-colored rosebuds that represented Risa's seventeen years of existence here on Planet Earth.
Inside the bedroom within the Warfield house, Cinta opened the lavatory door and stood inside the archway with a smile, displaying a set of nicely manicured half-an-inch finger nails that were painted, like Risa's, in pretty baby blue hue with the good-smelling apple-tinted anti-bacterial hand wash. She extended the pink-colored bottle out to Risa.
Risa gladly extended her cupped palms to her friend. Cinta squinted down a dime-sized goop of apple-scented liquid and then placed the bottle on top of her vanity bureau, moving ahead with a smile to her bed frame. Risa rubbed her palms and finger pads and spun around, following behind Cinta, strutting up a small three-tiered step stool, climbing on top of an old-fashion plantation wooden bed frame that stood on top of four elegantly crafted lion-pawed feet. The bed frame gracefully displayed a lavender-colored chiffon fabric canopy that stood fifteen feet high below the room's eighteen-feet ceiling planks with solid white paint.
Risa crawled on fours (her palms and two feet) sinking down into the modern day microfiber soft bed mattress as her long body drowned in softness on top of the lavender-colored satin bed linens, padding around the edge of the bed mattress, occupying the left side on top of the king-sized bed mattress. She smashed the queen-sized pillow upright against the wooden headboard and then placed a king-sized pillow covered in lavender satin also in-between her body and Cinta, plopping down on top of the bed linen, dimming the small lamp on top of the second matching nightstand in white wood.
Risa and Cinta liked to gossip in the semi-darkness, without perturbing the other people inside the Warfield household.
Risa placed her personal mobile telephone on top of the second nightstand in front of the tiny lamp. Both of her parents were sound asleep coming from an exhaustive day at the Patillo Farm, after they had texted their daughter a message on the mobile telephone with an electronic good night hug and kiss. Risa didn't have a boyfriend to send her an electronic good night hug and kiss, so she placed her telephone alone on top of the nightstand, fiddling with the bed linen sheet and a lightweight blanket from the cold air-conditioning system inside the Warfield house.
On the other side of the king-sized bed mattress, Cinta climbed up behind Risa and slapped a queen-sized pillow into the headboard first for her back spine, plopping down on the bed linen and fiddled with her mobile telephone. The small light illuminated the smile on her face. Cinta was the bestest collector of hot juicy gossip in the high school She smiled down at the new text from the illuminated screen on her phone. “You can go with cute and sexy Billy Jack, who thinks your booty is cutie and sexy, to, boot." She softly chuckled.
Risa turned and whispered into the nose profile on Cinta inside the semi-dark room. “Cinta, Billy Jack has never ever shown an interest or an eye wink or a tongue burp in me or my direction other than spilling that batch of dead brownish-beige frog guts on both my cowgirl boots in our shared biology class, last year. And that happened to be a total accident.”
“I know that. You know that. But, he is still cute and sexy making a dynamic impromptu double-date with me and Bobby Joe …”
“No, Cinta!” She shook her dark brown tinted curls in angry and loudly whispered. “Fiddlesticks! I’ve told you about hundred and thirty times that I can’t go with you on a double-date ...”
“Why not? Your parents like me. Well, they adore me. I’m the one that saves your sorrow butthole in algebra class, almost every week. Did you finish the homework assignment for Chapter Five? The new algebra assignment is due on Monday morning.”
She grunted out loud from the posed question and her proper duty of completing her un-left and un-finished academic high school work assignments on Sunday evening, before her bedtime ritual and her Monday morning school session. Risa growled. “Then, you become their daughter for the rest of the algebra session. Why did I take the course of algebra, this year? I blew it in my geometry class, last year, and then I finally passed. I tried to explain to my parents that I was lousy at math and science and history and literature and everything else high school studies-related, except for twirling a baton.”
Cinta huffed out loud and viewed her friend. “Risa, the field of geometry is totally different from the field of algebra. You must try a little harder. And you need a set of hard core high school courses like science physics and mathematics calculus that mashes with your soft curriculum of literature and history classes, in order, to become accepted as a first year freshman at Birmingham University in the city of Birmingham. The city of Birmingham is located in the middle of the state. Every college admission is extremely competitive for any and all high school graduating seniors, not like, when my mom and my dad attended their college institution. We both agreed to start our long college days, this summer, right after our beach time vacation to the Gulf of Mexico on the Memorial Day holiday with all of our friends. We …”
“Breath, Cinta! ” Risa softly laughed. "I know you are winking your left eyelash at me, since I’m not a barn bat and can’t see in the dark. And I do remember your overstated boring college facts. That is precisely why I can’t date a boy or a dog or a snake …”
“Do you really wanna date a cold-blooded reptilian snake? Why in the high heavens and the low earth soil do you wanna do that, Risa? That’s a silly request coming for an earthling. A cold-blooded reptile likes to hiss and possesses four sets of sharp fangs along with a paralyzing poison, especially coming from a rattler and a copperhead.”
“I’m being profound here, Cinta. I can’t go on a date, until I’m old and gray and wrinkled in my face with a pair of saggy boobs at the age of forty-two years old. This is so frustrating for my teenly hormones. I turned sixteen years old, this exact time last year, while getting the important verbal permission coming out of my mom's un-pretty non-lipstick painted lips and a physical shown crossed heart promise with his two fingers on his flannel shirt from my dad. Then I made that academic grade letter of F in the subject of chemistry and geometry for the first six-weeks term as an overconfident high student regarding my numerous school work assignments. I was overjoyed about the dating concept for the first time ever within my life with a nice boy and looking forward to my first time kiss, ever, too.”
Cinta exhaled with sweet mint breath at Risa. “Yeah, baby! You blew that mountain peak with a set of deadly tons of dynamite. And hey, girl best, I had tutored you, good. I ain’t my fault, ever. What happened to cause you to fail the math test? Did you figure it out and then correct that problem?”
“I am not holding any blame towards you, Cinta. I just flat out failed my math test. I guess I didn’t study like I should've.” She exhaled with annoyance. “Failing a test wasn’t the problem here. My mother and my father were my two biggest major problems there. They were inflamed, incensed, and intolerable as a pair of caring and loving parents of my continuous series of bad academic grades. They grounded me until New Year’s Day and almost make me quit the majorette squad along with taking my car keys from my new car and hired me a tutor …”
“And thanks for the wad of cash money! I put these George Washington’s to good use.” Cinta softly chuckled.
“O! I had …”
“O! You had what, Risa?” Cinta frowned.
“I had forgotten to say thank you for helping me, girl best. I couldn’t passed without your tutoring, Cinta.”
Cinta smiled in the dark. “That’s why I've been born here on Planet Earth. They say that every earthling has a purpose. You, girl-best are my purpose. Well, I joyously happen to possess two majordomo purposes also. The second one begins right after church service lets out on Sunday night. Bobby Joe and I are going to the Sin-Eaters …”
“Don’t call them that, Cinta! The Actworth family members are not a group of sin-eaters, for goodness sake.”
“Their family business owns that creepy funeral home which highly qualifies them for that very descriptive name one. Two, that low patch of green grass and that sweet duck pond in-between their funeral home parking lot and the occupied cow pasture, which can only be accessed by a jacked up pickup truck that Bobby Joe happens to drive, is neatly well-hidden from the roadway, which is perfect for watching the twinkling stars and full moon…”
“Yeah well, I wouldn’t know about watching stars and moon stuff, without using a scientific telescope. The land property strip is properly called Singer Fields, not Sin-Eaters, Cinta.”
“Do you know what a sin-eater really is? You scored, what academic grade on your last English Lit high school student test? Was it the academic number grade of 71? That’s not even a passing grade, girl best. The academic number grade is listed as an academic letter grade of D.”
Risa ignored the academic lecture from her best friend Cinta. The lecture was always the same one that Risa heard from her mother, every morning, before Risa left her home for her high school courses while possessing a good hardy breakfast inside her stomach that activated her brain cells, so the nutritional charts stated from the US Federal Government web site.
Risa reached out and snatched up her personal mobile telephone, drawing the screen into her face, quickly typing the word, sin-eater, on the tiny keyboard for the proper English definition.
Cinta returned back and smiled down at the screen on her phone. “Lara Lee and Davy Ray like to ride out and hide out within the city graveyard here in Apollo during the nasty thing. 'There's not a soul in there,' Lara Lee likes to quote into my nostrils on Monday morning.”
“Gross me out!”
“Gross me out, too! Switching to a sweeter subject here, Billy Jack ain’t grossed out by you, girl best. He possesses a jacked up pickup truck …”
“All redneck hicks drive a jacked up pickup truck with a loaded twelve-gauge shotgun stored underneath the passenger side for safety and bragging rights.” Risa read out loud the word definition from the screen on her telephone. “A sin-eater is a person, who was employed at an active funeral during the ancient times in Ancient Greek to eat beside the dead exposed corpse of the man or woman or child or infant or teen or king or queen or senior citizen and then take upon their person all the sins of the dead corpse that the living soul goes directly up into the heavenly plane with God, which is a pile of fresh horse shit covered in big emerald green colored horse flies.”
Cinta softly giggled. “You might receive the academic letter grade of A, if you use your creative construction on your next English Lit paper …”
“Or I might get permanently kicked out of my English Literature class by Principal Russell as a failing senior at Apollo High School. Then I get to retake the twelfth grade all over again for a second misery. No thank you, doll! That’s not good advice coming from you, Cinta.”
“It’s a joke, Risa. You’re tense, girl best. Hmm! How about a dish of chocolate ice cream, sweetie pie. I’m getting a sugar call too.”
“No!”
“Why are you declining a scoop of delicious ice cream. Hmm! How about some chocolate candy bars. My mom purchased a new bag, not even opened, so each bar is fresh and sealed and hidden from the garage deposal Garth. I know all of my mom's secret hiding stops inside the kitchen cabinets.”
“No!”
“Wow! You are really bummed out. Hmm! Do you want me to give you a back rub? I do that for my boy-toy Davy Ray. He purrs like a newborn kitten in my arms.”
“No!”
“Okay! Then you tell me what you want, maybe I can oblige, since we’re a pair of girl bests. What do you wanna do, Risa?”
Risa exhaled with disappointment and replaced the phone back on the nightstand. “I want something really silly.”
Cinta nodded with a smile at Risa. “I like silly, too. What do you want, sweetie?”
She turned and smiled at Cinta. “I want something that I can’t have.”
“I got lots of sinful delights in my kitchen and I’ll share with you. What do you want that you can’t have, girl best?”
“I want a real life true sweet kiss on my real lips.”
Cinta gasped in shock, “Holy Moley, Risa! Are you carrying some girly, girl feelings for me that I need to know about? Since, you and I are sharing and sleeping inside my personal bed mattress inside my private bedroom next to me.”
She shook her curls and smiled. “No, silly worm! I want to kiss a boy. I dream about it all the time. I can’t stop thinking about it. I can’t stop thinking about him.”
Cinta gasped in shock. “Who is him, sweetheart?”
“Any him will due for my kiss. Any teen male, that is my age and wears a set of soft pink lips for my first kiss.” She smiled in the darkness and stared at the far wall, “The only kiss I get is when my mom pecks my right cheekbone. It is always my right cheekbone for the start of my school day. My dad gently kisses my forehead, when he comes home from the peanut field, after my school day. That’s the most kissing action I get as a teen with raging hormones.”
“Hmm! I am beginning to see the single fading flashlight burning between the dark tree limbs. So, that is why you are not studying all of your academic courses at school. So, that is why you are continuing to receive a series of bad academic grades. Risa …”
“Keep your voice sofa, Cinta! Your mom …”
“Risa, who is the him in your daydreams? Who are you daydreaming about before, during and after your school sessions?”
“Any him, a eligible dating male at our school who attends our classes, too, Cinta. Any teen male that wants to kiss me for the first time.” She stared out the glass window on the forward wall that displayed an array of pretty yellowish-white lights coming from the glowing wild flowers that breed around the water puddles here in the small peanut town of Apollo within the US State of Alabama.
“Risa, if you keep up this daydreaming nonsense coupled with making a set of poor academic grades, then you will not be admitted into any post-graduate college institution. One, you will blew my future college plans with you. Two, you will live with your parents, foreverly.”
“Foreverly? That’s not a real word in the English dictionary, Cinta.” Risa giggled.
Cinta smiled. “Foreverly is a cute e-novel teen word coming from my new e-book writer ELA that I had found on internet. I like and use and abuse that word. And that word fits you foreverly as you foreverly live with your set of biological old and wrinkled parents, until death do ya’ll part,” she softly giggled.
“Foreverly!” She whispered for her eardrums only with worry from the true statement.
“I’m sorry, Risa! I didn’t mean to add more depression into your life, sweet pea.” Cinta jiggled the bed mattress on her side finding another comfortable spot. “Hmm! How about I tell you a secret?” Cinta gently smacked her manicured index finger nail on the night stand lamp. The single light bulb illuminated her face and the white paint on the wooden headboard like headlights in Risa's eyeballs.
Risa blinked her eyelashes clearing her vision. Cinta smiled with a nod in silence. Then Risa leaned across the wide mattress to hear the newest juicy gossip at Apollo high school. Cinta always served the bestest new blurb for the latest current information. Then they went to sleep for the evening.
Risa smiled. “Is it good?"
“This hot stuff is sizzling the lavender tint from my painted wall.” Cinta grinned.
She nodded with a smile. “Well, tell, belle!”
“The Novena Harvest Festival event is next week …”
“Yeah, I’ve be attending that school event, since I was four years old with you enjoying the numerous fun kiddie rides, the cake walk, tons of finger licking barbeque food, and all the cheap fifty cents toy prizes that my daddy can win for me coming from one of the fixed amusement booths to raise money for some new textbooks here at our high school. So, tell me some more, Cinta!”
“The word novena represents the number nine on the ancient Roman Calendar. In the Dutch calendar, the number nine is known as a slaughter man, which is a time during the slaughter month, when each fat and pump beast is slain and then salted down for the winter months while feeding all the people in the village. Within old Saxon world, number nine is the wind month, when the fishermen drew their boats ashore and give up fishing, until next spring…”
“Breathe, Cinta!” Risa laughed.
She inhaled the air molecules, “So, at the root of this historical fact, there is one single reoccurring custom, when the beasties are all given up and the fishies are all let go, everyone is gone and lost, foreverly.”
“Why is every person from the medieval town gone and lost, foreverly? Why is that, Cinta? I don’t understand that weird custom or your silly reference to ninth month in the year, which is the month of September and which happens to be my birthday month.”
“During the Novena Harvest, when each school grade is forced to send a representative couple consisting of a boy and a girl to compete for the annual title of Harvest Prince and Princess, King and Queen, Empress and Emperor nonsense, they are all given those great big real really good prizes that consists of expensive electronic devices, which are given by the two snot-nosed teachers and won by the less popular nerdy geeky kids, within each class ...”
Risa nodded. “Yeah!”
“You know the ones that we hate …”
Risa gasped in shock and shook her curls. “I don’t hate any of the kids in our class, Cinta. Is that your biggest, hottest dangling secret gossip piece tonight?”
“Bobby Joe told Billy Jack, who told Davy Ray, who told me that …”
“That what Cinta?”
“Keep the volume down, girl best!” She smiled wickedly. “Bobby Joe is going to nominate Beck Actworth for Harvest Emperor in our class and Billy Jack is going to suggest that Lara Lee become our Harvest Empress.”
“That’s so nice!”
“That's so naughty!” Cinta smiled. “Lara Lee ain’t showing up on that Novena September night for that silly Harvest royalty event and then participate in that butthole competition, because her mom and dad are leaving right after the school session to go and visit her grandma in the city of Huntsville, which is way north of us, for the weekend.” She giggled.
Risa gasped in shock. “That’s so dog-gone low-down, worser than dog-gone lowest down. That’s meaner than a biting rattlesnake on your new cowgirl boot toe. Why is Bobby Joe doing this?"
“Not just Bobby Joe, the vile act includes Billy Jack, Davy Ray, Vonnie Sue, Lara Lee and almost the rest of the seniors playing in on the gag, including me and you.”
“I …” do not like this new game.
“I do what, sweetie?”
“I want to understand some illogic reasoning here, Miss Earthling. When did you turn into an evil princess, Cinta? Beck is a nice boy with a set of good gentlemanly manners, who had been taught by his mother, in which, some of the local country hicks that I will not name by name, but kindly observes could learn to master …”
“Bobby Joe has good manners…”
“… when the full moon turns aqua blue during three strikes of white lightning along the indigo midnight sky …”
“Yadda! Yadda! Yadda!" Cinta sneered at Risa. "Do not begin to insult my man!”
“Beck is both college professor book smart and baby deer doe cute, if you are willing to look with your perfect acute vision and your partial open mind beyond his pair of round-frame eyeglasses. He possesses a head of wavy hair that drapes around each one of his smooth cheekbones when he talks and his hair cuddles his square jaw line like a teddy bear. His jaw line is dusted with a light pattern of black tinted whiskers. He wears a pair of pretty bright blue eyes with a touch of violet that kinda twinkles like an array of electric blue stars against his dark tinted skin ...”
“You like him.” Cinta frowned. “Is that the him that you are daydreaming about? Why do you like him over our high school hunk Billy Jack?”
“Cinta, admit it! Beck is just as cute as …”
“... Billy Jack ...” Cinta waved her hand with manicured fingernails in the dark room. “The two senior males are totally different, Risa. Billy Jack has a set of short cropped blonde hair that don’t touch any part of his handsome face with side bangs that sweeps over his right eyebrow, cute-like. His father would whip the tar of that boy’s fanny, if his golden locks grow beyond the top of his earlobe like an old hippie. The Actworth family clan looks and acts like a gang of hippie folks from the 1960’s in which we all studied about in our American History class, last year. Can you recall studying about the group of ugly and ill-breed hippies, Risa? The hippie people consumed illegal drugs, walked on their two hands, and played a set of bongo drums all the time, like the Actworth clan. You can’t debate the true facts. The Actworth clan members are a group of old farts and old feathers, that is the expression my mom uses all the time. This is why  I do not spend any of my personal time with any of their young family members.”
“The Actworth clan is conservative, highly respected, and to use an ancient term, old-fashion. My mom uses those words to describe the Actworth clan, Cinta. The clan is a Southern tradition more than my grandmother’s cornbread recipe. Their house, over there, on Birch Street takes up the entire roadside on Birch Street …”
“Girl best, don’t you know anything about Apollo, the city of our individual biological birth? One, the Actworth mansion was the first building ever erected for that family, when their wooden wagon wheels invaded the dense woodlands proclaiming their stay here upon the red clay. Back then, each traveling road was only wet or dried mud with two tracks of iron stokes, without a proper name other than the common landmark that designated a geographical area with numerous groves of the most popular tree types that thrived here for far more centuries, until disturbed by the race of nasty earthlings. The little town of Apollo had acquired the named road street signs, mostly coming from the rows of pre-dominate tree bark in the dirt. The Actworth forest field holds a large patch of overgrown birch trees, so the Apollo chamber of ancient grandpas back in the year 1819 named the dirt street as Birch. Your house and your teenly life reside on Oak Street. Davy Ray lives on Maple Street. I live on Pine Street …”
“So! That’s why a field of new tree saplings are re-planted year after year to honor our ancestry from the year 1819. That’s so nice!”
“No, Risa! To keep the red dirt clay around the crop farms from eroding down towards the beach shore in the next US State of Florida due to race of greedy earthlings that continue to destroy the land, the air, and the water supply. We all must live and breathe in clean air and drink in clean water to continue our survival here on Planet Earth.”
“I knew that.” Risa turned and viewed the pretty lights beaming into the window glass.
“And second, inside the ancient Actworth mansion, the private parlor room had been used for both socializing the live and the dead bodies …”
“What!”
Cinta nodded. “I speak the truth for both the live and the dead souls. You go and ask your mother, Risa! The house is haunted with the numerous she-ghostly dead souls that perished here during the numerous Native American Indian tribe battles and other such killing events which was highlighted in our ninth grade Alabama History book. At the time, there wasn’t a constructed church building for the dead. Each social gathering of residents occurred at the preacher's house for the weekly church service. Back then, when folks died, they laid the zombie body in the parlor room, since it wasn’t used for the eating meal or the sleeping chamber, only for a few old men talking over their current business transactions like selling bales of cotton and wagons of slaves or flirting with a young maiden as their future wife with a marriage arrangement.”
Risa frowned. “I know what at parlor room is used for, Cinta. I passed my American History class with a…a passing grade.” Cinta giggled at the mediocre academic skills from Risa. Risa frowned. “Does the Actworth mansion still have a parlor room? That old-fashioned concept died decades ago. Have you ever seen the parlor room there inside the Actworth house?”
“A parlor room, now days, is formally called a den, where your grandfather goes to drink his mug of beer away from both his wife and his mother while reading his personal mobile telephone in peace and quiet from their nagging. Currently, the name has changed into a man cave for modern guy to watch a sporting events or a playroom for the young children away from the family room with the gigantic plasma televisions screen and the dangerous hot pots and pans in the kitchen. Do you possess a den, Risa?”
She nodded. “Our den space holds a wall of old smelly books, a second wall of some old rusty and some new metal filing cabinets, a third wall of partial open and closed shelving, in which, all of it contains my mom and my dad’s existence, since their marriage and the world of farming related to the money business accounts and legal paper.”
“Your den space is used as an office setting. You should investigate those locked filing cabinet see what you can find.”
“My den is an office setting, where my parents attend nightly, after the supper meal for a couple of hours. I surf the internet on my phone, instead of doing my homework assignments. Yo, babe!” Risa giggled with amusement. Cinta frowned. Risa smiled. “They quietly talk about the farm stuff in there. I would feel funny stomping my naked feet around that room and opening all of the unlocked drawers that do not belong to me.”
“It all belongs to you, girl best. You are the only heir to the princess throne of the Patillo Farm, Risa. You are an only child of Mr. and Mrs. Patillo. I’m just advising that you need to introduce yourself into the world of farm operations. Your dear mom and dad would be proud that you have showed an interest in your future career as a crop farmer and a future wife of a farm boy. You and Billy Ray can marry and merge both of your farmland making the spread of woodlands one of the largest crop fields within South Alabama for producing cotton …”
“Billy Jack is cute like his brother. Heck! All of these country boys are cute with a golden tan coming from the harsh sunlight of crop farming, a set of broad shoulders from all of the tractor plowing and a tongue with a slow Southern draw in a sexy baritone timber that echoes lovely into my two eardrums. But I don’t like or love or desire Billy Jack. We just had that discussion thread about fifteen minutes ago.”
“Yeah! You like him. And I told you about fourteen minutes ago that my mom won’t let the Warfield clan associate with the weirdo Southern Actworth hippies. No. I’ve never been inside their haunted mansion. They say you can hear music …”
“Cinta, the musical notes come from an array of piano notes, guitar strums, banjo picking, and snarl drum rolls. Each family member in that family is doubly talented with musical instruments.”
“How do you know that, girl best?”
Risa turned and stared at delicate baby blue and lavender field flowers perched inside a wicker white basket that repeated along the wallpaper design, every three inches on the faint lavender tinted background around each bedroom wall.
She leaned over and mouth spat at the smooth cheekbone on Risa. “You spy on Beck.” Risa stared and blinked at the wallpaper in silence. Cinta nodded. “Ya’ll are farm neighbors. The huge and haunted Actworth mansion is three miles from your front porch which is the closest directional angle at the northwest corner on your cow pasture. Yes! That geographical clear meadow field spot would provide an excellent view of..." she frowned. "It would not see the front porch, since it faces due north from the roadside. Then, you must be able to see their back patio base n-between the thickets of live tall trees. We used to ride the horses down to the creek water for some fun pretending we’re a pair of western cowgirls exploring the old West. Do you remember that fun girly action, Risa? So, there’s a pretty clear hiking path coming from your barn right beside a clear view on Beck’s residential home. What does Beck do on the back porch patio, Risa? Hmm! Does he and his activity turn you on, girl-best?”
Risa looked down and fiddled with the bed linens with a sour frown. “I like all my class mates at Apollo High. We all were born and raised here like a litter of piglets knowing each other’s mom and dad, their mom and dad and we all go to school with each other cousins …”
“You don’t have a single blood-related cousin, Risa. You’re an only child.”
“I know that.”
Cinta smiled. “Well, girl-best, you must be the only one that likes him since …”
“… Beck live and studies and dances in his wheelchair for the rest of his earth-bound days. He has that muscular disease, because he can’t walk a step ever, Cinta. Why are we picking on our classmate Beck?”
“Beck is a nerdy geek. I'm just having some fun, Risa. That’s all!”
Risa turned and sneered at her friend. “Fun! Back to the next week’s night of the Novena Festival, Beck will wheel his person and his chair in front of a packed house of nosy Apollo citizens, who seat nosily and eating hotdogs messy inside the high school auditorium, without his Harvest Empress Lara Lee, since she is completely out of the social pic and with her biological parents. Then, Beck will lose the competition for your fun and his pride for your vicious revenge. Why is this crude act important for you, evil princess Cinta?”
Cinta laughed with a wicked grin. “Lara Lee, she don’t wanna stand beside him, that’s the fun part. Beck is also a smart-hole. He knows everything about everything and everyone about everyone.”
“Beck doesn’t know how to walk, dance, run or …”
“You’re missing the funny bone, Risa!" Cinta exhaled with annoyance. "Garth had to defend your honor against our nasty classmate Beck, yesterday, during the lunch meal.”
“Where was I during the lunch meal?” She frowned. “O yeah! I was talking to our school counselor about my lousy academic high school grades. She told me to retake the college entrance examination test again, before I fill out my entrance papers for college, so I don’t have to sit in a series of dull and boring rudimentary English grammar and algebra college courses or...”
“Risa!”
“So, Garth, your older brother, who says only ‘howdy’ and ‘naw’ to me, since the first grade  at Apollo Elementary school, because he failed …” for some reason that was not discussed with her other school mates. However, Risa didn't care to know about Garth either.
“That’s not a fair statement. Garth had been very sick, when he started the first grade at the age of six years old. He was so sick that he missed the first six months and was home-bound in his bedroom. He almost died and left the planet, Risa.”
“I’m sorry, Cinta. I don’t mean to take my sappy emotions out on you or Garth. I’m just having a bad time in this period of my short sixteen years of life. So, Garth had to defend my honor from Beck. What did Beck do to my honor? Because, as far as I feel, it's still here.” She knew the habits and behaviors of Garth better than Cinta believed.
“Beck, he called you, a silly little cowgirl.” Cinta nodded.
“Geez! My mother calls me a lot worse than that, when she gets insect hornet mad at my ugly academic grades and that was only last week," she giggled. "I don’t find that sentence really offensive, Cinta. Because, one, I’m a cowgirl living in a farm town of Apollo, which is way off the traveled map of any normal city slick civilization. And second, I am silly in a humorous witty, kinda, way.” She smiled.
Cinta shook her curls. “Risa, you should be appreciative that Garth stepped up into the role of a rouge gentleman for your precious southern belle image. Image is everything here, honey! You know that living here with me, girl-best.”
She smiled. “Yeah, I know that too much as you repeat and my mother repeats all the dang time.”
The hallway clock chimed with a low dong sound.
Saturday, September 7th


12:00 am (Midnight hour)
Cold night temperatures with bright stars and moonlight beams
Cinta's bedroom setting


“Happy birthday, Risa!” Cinta smiled with a whisper and as her personal mobile telephone alarm chimed with a country musical tone. She reached over and hugged her best friend, pulling back with a wink, nodding in silence celebration and slipped both of her hands down into the hands on Risa. Risa bounced up and down with excitement and tried to pull away from Cinta.
Cinta leaned over again and whispered into the nose bridge on Risa. “I want you to do something silly on your birthday.”
“Okay! What silliness should we tackle later today, after the breakfast meal, before I gotta go home, before the afternoon hours. Don't you remember? I hold my birthday party today at three pm with all of my family and friends.”
“I want you to kiss Garth.”
She gasped in alarm and softly whispered. “What! Do you really want me to kiss your older brother Garth?” Her tongue hung down from her parted lips and as her mind enjoyed the idea of some swift lusty passion, in silence.
“Do you wanna do something silly on your seventeen year old birthday day, such like, kiss a teen boy on his lips for the first time? The time is midnight. The sky is dark. We’re the only ones awake and you’re seventeen years old, only once. So, this is your moment in time and space, Risa. Or is this a passed moment for you, girl best? The timing is too perfect. Your parents and my parents won’t know about it. Garth won’t know either. We'll be the only ones that share your deep dark secret …”
“What the heck moment in time and space are you talking about, Cinta?” Risa jerked back and cuddled her hands around her body feeling a flopping stomach with a set of invisible butterflies. Her palms were sweating and as her mind was thinking about kissing a teen boy.
She giggled and reached out, grabbing the two wrist bones on Risa, dragging her friend off the bed mattress, releasing Risa. Cinta slowly back stepped down the small steps with a smile and landed her naked feet on top of the lush white tinted carpet, motioning to Risa.
Risa slowly crawled off and climbed down the three steps, standing on the floor, staring at her best friend in silence.
She bounced up and down while softly clapping and giggling at Risa. “This is brilliant. You get to kiss a teen boy and fulfill your wandering day dream fantasy. Then you can concentrate on your academic high school work assignments and then graduate high school, with me. We both plan to go to college. There’re lots bigger and better males on the college campus and in the college classes as I plan to be there at attention, this time, next year with you, Risa.”
“My day dreaming doesn’t wander, Cinta. This is totally weird. Garth is your older biological brother. You are his younger biological sister. You are my best friend. I am your girl best.”
“One, I ain’t kissing you. We just finished that BFF discussion thread about thirty minutes ago. Two, I don’t kiss my brother ever and never. Three, I kiss both Bobby Joe and Billy Jack. They’re better than all of my brothers, because they’re a pair of biological twins. There’s no difference between them, since both are good lip smackers.”
“No!” She shook her curls and wrapped both arms around her body.
Cinta slowly back stepped towards the closed bedroom door and frowned at Risa. “Sh! Don't rise your voice so loud! This’ll be fun. I promise not to tell anyone. It’s our secret, girl best. Anyways, no one would believe this princess fairy tale. Look! I’m giving you permission. Does that make you feel better? Little sister stamps her approval to attack her older brother.” She reached out with a smile and grabbed the arm on Risa, slowly pulling both of them towards the closed door and then halted with a soft giggle. She spun around and slowly cracked open the door, peeking through the small crack, surveying an empty hallway. She slammed open the door and reached out, grabbing the arm on Risa. They both exited her bedroom and slowly marched down the wooden planks along the side wall towards the last bedroom at the end of the hallway and then halted in front of the closed bedroom door on Garth.
Cinta spun around and leaned over, winking with a whisper to Risa, “Do it or not!”
Risa did not move but whispered back with a smirk. “Do it!”
She smiled. “Go, girl!”
They huddled as one shadow on the side wall like a pair of cockroaches beside the closed door into Garth’s bedroom on the third floor at the end of the corridor, which was located on the opposite side of Cinta's bedroom.
The first level displayed the kitchen, the den, the living room, the recreational room and the master bedroom. The second floor level held more bedrooms with more Warfield family members.
Risa whispered to Cinta and stared at the closed door, “Wonder if, he wakes up, while I’m doing it.”
“Naw! Garth sleeps like a hibernating bear through tooting rain, bass drum thunder booms, cymbals of lightning bolts along with a few deadly tornado warnings. We just tossed his fanny downstairs inside the basement base for his safety as his loving family. Nothing wakes him, but our mom frying a pan of fresh patties of hog sausage in the morning.” Cinta releases Risa's sweaty hand with a soft grin.
Risa stood in place and as both of her palms were sweating with water. Her heart beat thumped faster than speeding train. She was finally going to kiss a teen boy with her two lips for the first time. She continued to smile so wide that her jaw line might crack open.
She reached over and touched the door knob, twisting the metal, unlocking the latch. The heavy door slowly cracked open. Cinta slammed the door open and exposed Garth and his bedroom.
Her head slowly turned on Risa and as her eyeballs viewed his head and then his naked chest on top of the bed mattress.
Garth quietly rested like a beautiful prince on top of the dark colored bed linen that wrapping around his bed mattress in the dim light coming from the beams of bright moonlight peeking through the open curtains. Or, maybe, Risa mentally felt like his princess within her fairy tale.
She slowly stomped her left naked feet, then her right naked feet, then her left naked feet, and then halted in front of the bed frame while slumping down both of her shoulders over his body. Risa looked back over her collar bone and viewed Cinta.
Cinta flipped her manicured hand in the air and nodded in silence
She twisted back around and stared down at the sleeping prince, who rested on his back spine,  which made a perfect setting for stealing a secret kiss. Both of his arms were relaxed at his side. His two naked elbows down to his two wrist bones rest on the bed linen sheet that covered him coming from his eleventh rib down to his toe bones. 
Too bad!
Risa was an only child with a set of elderly parents, without a blood-related brother or sister or cousin, including the absence of both a set of maternal and paternal grandparents. So, this was her first time seeing, with her eyeballs, a male body up close and personal, where her girly, teenly hormones were lusting heavy. Her heart tried to leap out from her chest cavity. Her finger pads and toes bones were sweaty with excitement too. Her stomach turned flip flops with batches of invisible, but harmless butterflies. Risa hoped she didn't vomit up her supper meal on top of his bed linens swallowing down a thick mouth of saliva.
His head displayed perfectly a vertical formation from his smooth forehead down to his hearted-shaped chin that all sat on top of his dark colored pillow. His two eyelids were closed. A steady breathing pattern of air molecules flowed from his two healthy lungs inside his naked chest cavity. His golden colored hair strands nicely parted on the left side of his forehead. The right side hair bangs fell a little over his right eyebrow, cute-like.
Risa continued to stand and silently sighed with affections smiling brightly. Her eyeballs shifted down to his naked chest, without a tee shirt or a pajama top.
His rib cage slowly shifted up and down from his relaxed sleeping pattern as the beams of moonlight bathed his upper body and his peaceful face in a glowing golden aura, like a mythological Greek god from her World History textbook which showed numerous glossy pictures. 
She noticed a small patch of chest hairs between his two deltoids that shimmered in the moonlight, reaching down to touch the curly soft matter, quickly jerking back her hand. She was wasting her precious time and firmly blew out mouth air, testing the sweetness of her breath, slamming her hand down on her leg with a soft slap.
Garth looked deader than a funeral corpse from the Actworth Funeral Home.
She softly snigger with the silly thought and moved ahead closer into his bed mattress as and her pair of naked kneecaps barely touched the soft bed lines parallel with his sixth and seventh ribs. She reached down and gently placed her hand, like an obtuse triangle shape, where she had learned from a cute Beck. She supported her upper torso and her bone skull with both hands, slowly lowering her breasts down over his naked chest, leaning her face deeper down towards his chin. Her stray hair tail ends from her long hair brushed against her elbow as and Risa quickly jerked her torso upright and away from his chest, exhaling with a series of heavy breathes.
Too close!
Cinta had told the deep, dark secret. Garth slept well during a nosily thunderstorm but one single tiny mosquito aggravated the stallion into running and acting crazy like a wild animal, when the mammal had been bitten with its stinger.
Garth could easily awaken from a tender tickle coming from one of her many long hair curls.
Risa tried a second time to steal a precious kiss from her sleeping prince for her secret birthday present, leaning down her torso and her face a little faster into his lips. she held her long loose hair strands with one hand in a ponytail to the side. Her other hand sunk into the soft mattress foam while supporting her falling body without landing on top of the sleeping prince.
She bent her kneecaps and secured her lower body into the side on his bed mattress hovering over his nostrils and his chin, slowly scooting her face upwards, where her lips were even with his lips. His lips were slightly parted with no exposed teeth.
Garth did snooze or snarl while slumbering.
She smiled. Her father snorted and as her mother flaunted and taunted her husband, every morn, noon, and night at the dining table.
Risa slowly lowered her parted lips over his golden flesh and held her sweet breathe as and her wider bottom lip tenderly touched the softness of his bottom flesh. Then her top lip covered his top flesh of warmth. She quickly closed both of her lips and her two eyelashes, gently pressing them down onto his lips while recording inside her heart and her mind the first memory of a forbidden kiss and felt the intense heat of our hot skin touch, experiencing the hardness of the lip flesh like a rough cheap tee shirt that you had purchased at the local grocery store.
Her girly teen hormones lusted out of control and as her active mind presented a colorful image.



Garth stands at the end of her boot toes.

Risa rests flat on her back spine inside a pretty flower bed of loose pink rose petals that are strewed along on the grass, wearing a pair of dark colored cowgirl boots.

Garth stands six feet and one inches tall and wears a sweaty, wet tee shirt that clings to his board shoulders, his muscular chest, and his packed abs like he had want swimming in the creek water and forgotten to change out his farm clothes.

He wears a pair of slightly dirty, rippled blue jeans and his familiar orange and red ostrich cowboy boots.

His hands are parked on his leather belt as the silver bucket blinds both of her two eyeballs with a piercing yellowish-white light.

His sexy baritone timber says with a smile. “Howdy, Risa! Do you wanna be mine my cowgirl forever?”



Inside Garth's bedroom and over his body, teen Risa quickly jerked awake from her mental fantasy and opened her two eyelashes, standing upright over Garth, viewing the side wall inside his bedroom.
Cinta entered his bedroom and reached out, quickly dragging Risa backwards from Garth and his bed mattress, slamming her hand over Risa's drooling mouth and her other arm around Risa's breasts. They silently shuttled out from his bedroom, clearing the doorway, pacing backwards two feet from the open archway and halted inside an empty hallway, without making any additional noises that might awake the rest of Warfield sleepers.
Cinta powerfully swung their bodies around and moved as one creature down the side wall, padding towards her bedroom,
Risa exhaled with sweet breathes in puzzlement and started to sing an musical note.
“Sh! My mom might hear your piccolo voice. Hot dang! You almost fell on top of Garth in your zombie freaking pose. I meant for you to tap his lips with a tiny touch kiss, not suck his tonsils out from his esophagus. Geez! That must’ve been some kind of first kiss. I didn’t think Garth was that sexy of a male to any little cowgirls, but he has charmed you in his sleep and …”
“C …”
“Sh! Keep walking, not talking! Geez! My hand is wet from your lip spittle. Gross! I hope I don’t vomit on my new bedroom carpet.”
They turned from the hallway and entered her semi-dark bedroom.
Cinta released Risa and pointed at her bed frame. “Now, you got your seventeenth birthday present from me as your bestest friend in the entire world. Time for bed! It’s late. And don’t pee on top of my bed mattress, Risa.” She shoved Risa towards the lavatory. Risa spun around and moved ahead towards the lavatory in silence. Cinta nodded. “Go to the bathroom and pee and wash your dirty face. You’re sweating like a runaway horse for all your exploded teen hormones. I do that too and it gets better, but that’s another birthday present for you, girl best,” she giggled with approval.
Risa slowly limped ahead and touched the cold tile floor in yellow hue, slowly shutting the door, not closing it completely into the wooden frame. She moved ahead and stood in front of the single yellow tinted wash sink, viewing her sweaty face in the reflection mirror.
Risa displayed average height of five feet and eight inches with a slightly sexy body made up of a pair of bouncing perky 34B cups and more shapely leg length with a narrow waistline. She displayed a tone of pale tinted skin from my English grandmother and displayed a head of long dark brown hair.
She stared at her inflamed face of red hue from the kiss embarrassment and wet teen sweat of lust, leaning down, jerking open the side cabinet for a clean washcloth. She stood upright and leaned down, slapping on the cold water from the wash sink, sliding the cloth under the cold tap water. She lowered down her torso and drowned my face in the cool liquid, silently counting to the math number of three, removing the cloth from her face. She stood upright and viewed her face in the mirror which appeared normal. Her girly feelings bombarded my body, her mind, and my heart in four different directions. Her heart beat continued to thump out with an odd rhythm as the organ did not slow down into a normal steady beat.
She inhaled through her two nostrils and then exhaled out her mouth while controlling her rapid heartbeat. Both of her hands and legs were still shaky from the thrill of excitement and the success of the dare. She should be mad and angry at her friend Cinta for gloating Risa with the girly challenge, where Risa had expected to chicken out, but didn’t.
Risa stared at the mirror and as her mind relived the stolen kiss from his lips. The stolen kiss was more rough than smooth. Risa had pictured that sweet cuddle moment, since she was thirteen years old like a romantic teen Hollywood movie film. A sweet kiss shared by two lovers.
His lips were a little wind-chapped and the touch of his flesh was hot sizzling on her lips from her lustful passionate. She giggled with a grin.
A single knock sounded on the closed door.
Risa dropped the wet cloth down into the wash sink with a sour frown and spun around with a fake smile, trucking to the open archway seeing Cinta and nodded in silence, exiting the lavatory.
Cinta back stepped and spun around with a sour frown, quickly crossing the room, pausing at the small steps for Risa. Risa dashed across the room in silence and rapidly climbed the bed mattress, plopping down in her spot, sliding down underneath the bed linen with a smile in silence. Cinta climbed upon her mattress and slid down under the sheet, cutting off the lamp of light, closing her two eyelashes and exhaled with exhaustion from the early morning activities.
Risa didn’t feel tired but excited with my short performance, watching a group of fairies play hockey with all of the dust bunnies in the moonlight in front of the row of glass windows while pondering lots of neat ideas. Garth was a cute and sexy teen male, but he was Cinta’s brother.
She slowly twisted her smiled and viewed her friend Cinta, who rested on her side and hid her face with the bed linens. Cinta betta not tell a freaking soul about that girly performance on Garth and inside his bedroom. Risa faced forward and stared at the row of windows as the moon rays bounced and reflected on the glass dancing around the whiteness. 
Billy Jack was a cute and sexy teen male too and he liked Risa per Cinta. Cinta was her best friend since the age of four years old from the same years that Risa had collided with Beck Actworth.
Risa felt restless and flipped to the side wall, viewing the faint wallpaper, seeing more tiny lights from the glass windows, pondering her mental thoughts.
Cinta, her boyfriend Billy Jack, and the other senior students exhibited meanness for playing that upcoming joke on their classmate Beck. Risa was not going to be a part of that nasty act while wondering what she could do about it. She closed her two eyelashes and drifted her tired mind and her body down into a deep sleep.

Nine hours later, at 09:09 am, inside Cinta’s bedroom, Cinta stood upright with a smile and leaned over her bedroom, staring down at her friend Risa. “Get up, lazy bones! The sun has been hollering at your body, since six o'clock, Risa.” She jumped up from the floor and landed down on top of the bed mattress bouncing both of her knees on top of the bed. The bed mattress violently shook with human power but sleepy teenager Risa didn’t move a tissue muscle, after closing her two eyelashes this early morning from that stolen kiss. She slowly stirred awake and flipped her body on my back spine, and opened her two eyelashes, staring at the lavender chiffon that forms her soft canopy cover rubbing the crappy sleeping crumbs out of both of my eye sockets.
“Cinta, I had this great awesome dream of…”
“Your parents have arrived here and are eating the breakfast meal with my parents downstairs.”
She jerked upright at her waistline with a gasp and leaned into Cinta, scanning an empty hallway. “My parents are present here at your house, the both of them." Cinta nods in silence.
Risa scooted off the bed mattress and stood upright on top of the lush carpet, storming towards her suitcase, dropping her pajamas shorts in exchange for her pair of skinny faded blue jeans, donning a Burn U hooded sweatshirt while combing out her long messy hair curls with her ten finger pads. Her eyeballs searched the floor for her unpolished pair of cowgirl boots. She found the boots one at a time and pulled out a dirty sock from the interior of each boot, sitting down on the floor, sliding each one over her narrow bones.
Cinta quickly gathered and did not arrange Risa's personal clothes into a more neater pile inside the suitcase. “Yeah! Your dad pulled up a chair and dig into the food platters. I guess he likes my mom’s cooking.”
She smiled on the floor. “Your mom is a great cook. I don’t understand why both of my parents are present here and eating their breakfast meal with your family members.”
“Thanks for the compliment of mom’s cooking! All of her hungry sons seem to forget that she is a non-paid mother first and a non-paid maid second. Why are you so surprised here, Risa? Today is your birthday, the day of your birth here on Planet Earth.” Cinta closed the hard suitcase and snatched the metal locks, lifting the item from the floor, standing upright with a smile and faced Risa. 
She giggled with excitement of her birth day still on the floor.  “O yeah. Today is that day. That makes perfect sense. I didn’t see them yesterday or this morning.” Risa stood upright and stomped the carpet aligning her socks into the soft leather inside each boot, accepting the suitcase from Cinta, swinging towards the open archway. She wanted to tattle about her awesome dream with Garth and smiled. “Last night…”
Cinta jerked her index finger over her lips. “No! Do not tell me your secrets here, Risa. Call me later on your phone inside your private bedroom!” She led from her bedroom and down an empty hallway.
She nodded in silence and followed Cinta, nosily pounding the naked wooden planks and then each naked wooden step in her farm boots, padding through the family room, into a narrow hallway, turning the wall corner and stood inside the archway of the breakfast room inside the kitchen space.
Risa scanned the entire Warfield clan that sat around a square-shaped, naked, dark wooden eating table. DNA molecules were a set of amusing element. Her brain cells could not comprehend the biological explanation either.
Each Warfield son looked like their dad with a tall body frame and a set of broad shoulders from working the farm equipment and toting numerous hay bales to the horses and cows. Each son possessed a head of short cropped curly locks in blonde and a skin tone of gold with a pair of green eyeballs. Cinta appeared in the same format and was the duplication of her pretty mother.
Her eyeballs shifted down to her biological parents that squeezed inside two mis-matched wooden chairs in-between the beautiful Warfield clan in the middle of the long eating table.
Mrs. Patillo possessed a head of dark brown hair roots, like her daughter, and always tied in a tight grandma bun at the nape of her neck muscles. She displayed a cute button nose and a pair of big doe-sized eye sockets on an oval face, like her daughter. However, her mother appeared like an old and worn grandmother, when she was compared to a young looking Annabelle Warfield. Her face was deeply wrinkled and sunburned on her skin tissue from the harsh sunshine, without a glow of happiness, but an overcast of death. Her lips sipped slowly on the white mug of coffee, instead of choking down the orange juice for a healthy cause. Her set of un-manicured, ratty finger nails covered the warm tea cup.
Mrs. Patillo was four years younger than an older Annabelle Warfield. However, the farm life wasn’t easy for all.
Mr. Patillo always laughed with an easy smile and spoke with a soft timbre displaying his years of hard times on his farm, wearing his weathered wrinkles around a pair of light brown eyes that danced with excitement.
The large kitchen setting held two sections, the cooking and baking part with two stove top ovens and four microwaves, separate cabinets storage for pans, pots, dishes, and food items.
The Warfield household contained mother Annabelle and father J.D. and seven biological sons who were known as Shelby, Logan, Owen, Baxter, Gordon, Weston and Garth. Cinta was the baby member and the only sister in the Warfield clan.
At the breakfast table, each brother was married and sat with their wife, except for eighteen years old Garth and his seventeen years old sister Cinta.
Each pair of eyeballs looked up and stared at Risa from the second section inside the kitchen setting which was called the breakfast room, where a long square-shaped table was sniggled between three walls that was filled with three glass walls for viewing the miles of bright green and yellow cow pasture land over a flat landscape.
Mr. Patillo smiled at his daughter. “Happy Birthday, Risa!” The echo sound quickly rotated around the eating table in a set of musical tones in baritone trombone, alto clarinet, flute soprano and a few bass drum timbres.
Risa nodded with a smile to each sibling and waved like a princess as the room ceased with noise.
Mr. Patillo stood upright from the chair and displayed his five feet and nine inches height, scooting his chair out from the table, wiping his dirty face and hands with the cloth napkin. He dropped the napkin down into the empty but dirty dish and nodded to the Warfield wife, “Thanks for the grub, Annabelle. You’re a great cook. Let’s go home, Risa! We have lots to do, before your birthday party, this afternoon. Don’t forget Risa's party and all of the fun treats start at four pm.”
Annabelle smiled. “You’re welcome. Please, come and stop by more often. We always have more than enough food while I feed a stall of racing stallions. And we’ll be there at four pm as planned for Risa's birthday party.”
Mr. Patillo reached down and gently pulled the chair with Mrs. Patillo out from the breakfast table. Mrs. Patillo slowly stood upright with a pained face and carefully back stepped from the table, dropping her body low on one side. Her husband wrangled his wife from behind and slowly spun her body around to face the exit door. She used a hand crutch to stand slowly walking around the table.
Mr. Patillo walked beside his wife and smiled at his daughter. "Did you get your suitcase, honey? I need for you to drive us home.”
“Mama!” Risa gasped in shock and examined the item. Her mother limped with a new white tinted leg cast from her kneecap down towards the end of the exposed five toe bones.
Mr. Patillo smiled. “Your mom got stomped on her shin by that mean bull that we toted to Montgomery on yesterday. She is fine and fit now. She just needs to stay off her feet for about eight weeks or so. Go and get the truck, Risa! Move the truck and park at front door, so your mom don’t have to walk so far from the house!”
“Yes, sir.” She back stepped from the archway with worry and spun around with a stern face quickly dashing through the familiar layout in the Warfield house.
Cinta left the breakfast table and followed behind Risa, pulling up beside her best friend, exiting the house and said. “Your mom is okay. Bones heal really fast, Risa. Your dad was talking about the incident, before I was sent up to raise your body from the dead. They went to the emergency room at the local hospital in Montgomery yesterday and didn’t want to alarm your girly teen emotions. That’s so nice! They care so much about your girly feelings.”
“How long? Never mind about that! I feel so bad. I should’ve missed the football game and traveled with them down to Montgomery. I can handle that mean old bull a lot better than my old and worn out mother.”
Cinta frowned. “No! You can’t handle a mature bull, Risa. Your mom is a true cow rancher with years and years of farm experience. That’s why your dad leaves your person at home. Yo would be in the way and then your mother could have really get hurt.”
“I guess.”
“I know. Look! You need to help out around your house. You need to do whatever your mother wants. Fetch her food, water, drinks, and anything that she needs. That’ll make your mother feel both loved and happy.”
“Okay! Yeah! All right! Thanks for the motherly advice, Cinta!” Risa stopped and stood beside the red tinted dirty pickup truck, exhaling with worry, jerking open the passenger door and tossed her overnight suitcase onto the tan colored leather seat. Cinta spun around and jogged back to her house. Risa slammed the truck door and then dashed around the front bumper, stopping in front of the driver's side, climbing into the seat using both her hands and two boot toes, bouncing on top of the worn leather seat. She leaned and cranked the engine, shifting the gear into drive, slowly easing the vehicle to the front step on the house.
Her father cuddles his wife and stood in-between Annabelle and Jay Warfield.
Jay trotted down the front steps, stopped, and opened the rear door for Mrs. Patillo. Mr. Patillo gently lifted his wife from the concrete porch and slowly toted her down each bricked step, handing her to Jay. Jay lifted Mrs. Patillo up from the gravel and down into the rear bench seat.
In the driver's seat, Risa spun around with a stern face and watched both in sadness and pain. Her mother struggled to climb into the bench seat with her casted foot.
The other rear door slammed shut. Her husband rattled the bench seat and moved closer to his wife, ordering to his daughter. “Take us home but drive really slow! Okay, Risa? The drug medication your mom is eating doesn’t agree with her delicate stomach.”
“Yes, sir.” She spun around and slid the parking stick into the drive slot. The tall, wide and heavy pickup truck started moving by itself in a forward direction. The vehicle was a work truck for hauling three African elephants inside the long truck bed. She softly press the gas pedal and slowly drove down the long private drive at the Warfield house, reaching the end of the driveway, turning onto the public country road that was named Pine Street. The truck slowly drove at fifteen miles-per-miles towards the street intersection of Maple Road, where her classmate Davy Ray lived with his family. At this road speed, Risa would not made it home for her eighteenth birthday, next year. She softly giggled at her silly mental thoughts.
Her father sat and smiled at the rear skull on Risa. “I got all of the male farm hands pulling out the cooked pork meat from five roasted pigs and boiling vats of sweet corn cobs that could the fed the city of Mobile. All of the female farm hands are preparing dishes of cold potato salad. Some of the younger males are trying their first task at the aluminum pans of baked beans, which is real easy. The ponies are eating. The bouncy house is floating upright for the time being …”
As far as her memory cells could process at four years old of age, Risa clearly remembered one of her earliest birthday parties that was always housed inside the largest barn floor on their land property. The interior floor was used to storage columns of fresh green hay and barrels of oats for the horses and wheat grains from each crop field, not a herd of smelly horse crap left by the pasture of wild stallions. The exterior wood on the horse barn was painted in white hue, not the standard red color to reflect the hot sunlight. The surrounding grass was composed of light brown soil and white sand. Risa and the citizens of Apollo resided very close to the US State Florida line which was twenty miles north of the Gulf of Mexico warm waters.
The local soil was mixed with white colored sand that grew miles of field crops in soybeans, peanuts, and wheat. The landscape was flat for miles which was not like in the central part of Alabama, where the peak on each Appalachian mountain kissed the row of white tinted clouds. And each foothill down on the mountain range bowed down to a field of fertile grasslands or a plot of new houses.
The interior barn contained colorful tinted wooden planks coming from all of local tree barks including oak, pine maple, and elm as the large barn grew wide enough to house two full-sized plow tractors or eight horse stalls or three/fourths of a football field that accommodated 150 field hands, including their married spouses and all of their children for her annual birthday gala. 
The barn held a second level, which was called a loft area, where no one climbed up the built-in ladder on the side wall, since that space housed a private active den of big Wolf spiders. If your eyeballs had never seen a big Wolf spider, then you need to examine the arachnid on the digital picture on the internet. That digital picture will make a tarantula shit inside its own spider web. Yee-haw!
Starting the party at three in the afternoon, her father always provided a set of kiddie pony rides, hay wagon rides, a bouncy foam house exhibition for the young kids from the farm workers. For the pre-teens, there was a bow and arrow display for some sport shooting fun at rows of paper targets.
A short horse trail led by the group of responsible adults as well as serving folks with tons of  pork barbeque, thousands of gallons of baked beans, hundreds of corn-on-the-cobs, containers of potato salad, oceans of sweet tea beverages, and batches of freshly home-baked rainbow-colored sprinkled cupcakes which was really for the younger kids.
Then at five pm, the young children left the fun party and return back home watching kiddie programs or sleep on the floor as the adult party entertained the adults with a proper Hoe Down which was dancing for rednecks with a band of real musicians picking on banjos and plunking on fiddles.
On the public country roadway, Risa slowed her speed in the truck and turned onto Pine Road slowly heading their private road, where their farmland stood at the dead end of the paved gray tinted asphalt
In the rear bench seat, her father continued, “… so that leaves us with stapling all of the blown-up balloons and long colorful paper streamers along the entrance and exit doorways and up on the rows of ceiling planks that your mom does for your birthday party….”
Risa continued to drive with worry. “We should cancel some of the activities, Dad.”
“No!” Her mother softly shouted from the rear bench.
She frowned. “Then how about we nix the balloons and streamers…”
“No, Risa! All this is for you. This is your birthday party that we celebrate every year. I want you to look back when you’re old and gray and remember that your birthday was a very special event that can’t be repeated or replaced.”
“Yes, ma’am.” She totally disagreed with the grand party. She was seventeen years old with other new interests like maybe collecting a conscious kiss from a cute and sexy Garth tonight. Risa was the birthday girl and drove the truck with a wicked grin in silence pulling the truck towards the three-car garage.
In the rear bench seat, her father gasped in alarm. “Backup and stop the truck in front of the porch door, so I can help your mother into the house, sweetheart.”
“Yeah! Okay! I'm sorry about that.” She should be worried about her mother rather than day dreaming about a kiss from Garth. She reversed the gear and slowly drove backwards, stopping at the front door, killing the engine. Risa definitely was not thinking in the right state of mind. She exited the front seat and trotted around the rear bumper seeing a line of paid house staff members on top of the front porch, who waited on the order from her father.
One of the males held open the rear door in silence. Her mother slowly climbed down from the rear seat with assistance from her husband. A second male stood in the middle of the bricked steps in silence for assistance also. Her mother gently hit the gravel driveway and then slowly limped with her husband. A third male opened the front door for entrance into the air-conditioned house.
Risa stood in silence behind the rear bumper and watched in mental pain and sadness. She had forgotten about the house staff people. She did not see one smiling face, before her school session or after her school session, because she left the house and drove her red tinted sports car to the school parking lot, when the house staff arrived inside the kitchen setting.
Her mother employed the house staff for performing all of the cleaning and cooking duties as she enjoyed her husbandry duties which was babying all the animals at the farm rather than her domestic housekeeping ones.
Risa enjoyed driving my new sports car and stealing another kiss from Garth, not thinking about her un-finished homework assignments on the day of her birth. She followed behind her parents and entered the house.
Her mom stopped and slid down on top of the yellow colored low sofa holding both of her arms around her stomach from the nausea. Her dad spun around and gently grabbed Risa by the arm, leading them into the kitchen, hitting the rays of bright sunshine on the quiet patio terrace. 
Her father leaned over and gently peaked her forehead like he always did, since Risa was a child. He pulled back and smiled. “I, too, offered to ditch some of the activities at your party, since your mom is hurting, but she had disagreed with me. And I love your mom, Risa. And I love you, baby.” He hugged Risa and pulled back with a smile. “I’m glad that you had volunteered the same notion of canceling some of the party events along with the tacky balloon display," he chuckled. "But your mom wants you to remember your very special day. You’re our little angel that we love more than our lives, so your day is very important to your mom.”
She nodded with a smile. “Yes, sir.”
“So, your mom feels badly that she can’t decorate the barn, but she has assigned all the tasks to our farm staff. I guess you noticed the busy beavers working around the house.”
Risa nodded in silence. She had learned as a child not to interrupt the elders or her father, until he asked a question
He continued. “… if you venture out towards the barn, there is a team of busy little bees out there per your mom's orders. She has decided that you are exempt from any party decorations…”
Risa silently cheered inside her head. Now she could waste my precious time by calling and chatting with her friend Cinta about her stolen kiss from Garth and tattling about that weird sensation within her brain cells, until Cinta arrived here for the Hoe Down at three pm.
Her father continued. “But I need for you to hay the horses out in the pastures. That is your mom's job, but she can’t go out there with a leg cs. She would send my foreman Hutch, but he’s busy decorating for your birthday party. I don’t want your mom worried about her horses, when she has too much to worry about. Do this for me, pumpkin?”
She smiled with a nod. “I do this for you and my mom. I’ll be really quick and then return back and get dressed for my party, like a good birthday kid. My mom won’t suspect a thing. I’m good at keeping secrets.” Risa softly giggled and relived her first secret.
Her father frowned. “What other secrets are you keeping from me and your mom, Risa?”
She gasped in shock and then shook her curls with a smile. “I don't have any secrets, Dad. I promise.” He smiled.
Risa whipped her body around and numbed her brain cells with any and all mental thoughts of kisses and Garth, in case, her father could read her teenly mind. Some parents could do that for some strange reason like Cinta's parents.
Risa quickly padded to the old rusty turquoise and white colored pickup truck that stood beside the real barn which held a fertile pasture of pregnancy mares that ate all day long and sleep during the night as their little baby folds grew inside each expanding tummy.
She stopped and leaped up from the soil, landing down on the tail gate of the old truck that had lived with the Patillo family longer than some of the well-nourished shit weeds around the septic tank in-between the barn and the rear patio. Risa tossed back the cloth tarp and double-checked, seeing eight bales of yellow tinted hay that weighted one hundred pounds each for feeding the horses.
She didn't have to lift and then pitch out each hay, only kick the food with her boot sole over the edge on the flattened tail gate down onto the grassy field, so the herd of horses could snack during the night time for added strength of their morning chores the next day.
She jerked the cloth back over the bales and leaned down, slowly crawling through the sliding glass window into the truck cab, struggling upright and bounced up and down on top of the dusty cloth seat with laughter. She settled down with a stern face and checked the gas tank gauge showing three/fourths full with gasoline, donning a pair of dirty work gloves over ten manicured baby blue fingernails, before touching the steering column. The steering wheel held permanently stains of dried engine oil, particles of fossilized seed grain, and sometimes an odor of gasoline as each farm worker used their naked hands on the wheel while performing their required farm chores inside the old truck.
Risa leaned down and cranked the cold engine holding a single key, not a slick button. No one with a sane mind would ever steal this thing, but she wished a robber would. Then her father could purchased one of the cool and cute terrain vehicles, where Risa could go and hay the horses and cows after school, until sundown. She chuckled at her birthday wish.
The ancient truck started with a dull roar of low energy. Risa pressed the pedal down to the floor mat and slowly steered the truck ahead at a snail's pace over the flat hard soil towards the horse pastures in the southern part of their farm land. Her father and some of the farm hands had designed the engine, so the truck would perform at a putt-putt pace on top of the land or drowned in a creek stream of water. She didn't ever run the four tires through a wet mud puddle higher than her two ankle bones without killing the machine.
Today, that was not her destination. The herd of horses were grazing in the south pasture. Risa slowly followed the well-worn tire tracks that were permanently carved down into the hard dirt towards the horses.

At 10:32 am, time did fly fast, when you worked too slowly.
Her stomach rumbled with hunger. In the truck, at the wheel, Risa flung her driving arm over to the side of the seat and hit the top on the closed container that housed bunches of dry snacks and lots of hot sodas for each farm worker, lifting up the lid, grabbing a single power bar and a hot soda can, not really caring at the moment. Once she had finish her assigned work chore, which would work off all the high calories from the junk food, she would prance back home, bath her stinky sweat, and prepare the lunch meal for her parents while trying to make her mom feel better about everything.
She quickly consumed the bar in chocolate, peanuts, rice chunks, and a gooey sticky brown in three bits and then sucked down the hot soda in four slurps, burping out loud, stomping down on the brake pedal. The old truck slowly halted and finally rolled into a full stop on top of the dirt road. She slammed the gear into park with a running engine and stared at an empty corral without horses only the chewed down grass blades and mowed down weeds.
Risa whispered with annoyance. “Mama moved the horses. That’s why she wanted to perform the chore herself. Fiddlesticks!” She flung off the work glove that hit the side seat and reached down, jerking the door handle on the truck, sliding from the seat and stood upright among the bright sunny ray on her birthday. She dug down into her skinny blue jeans and whipped out her mobile telephone, typing a text to her father: Where are the horses?
Her dad quickly typed a text back on his personal mobile telephone: North. West. Psture.
Thanks pa! She rapidly type with a set of expert fingers a text back with the shorter name for her father. He did not like reading the text message from anyone, including his daughter.
Risa stomped ahead like she had stepped in an old pile of horse shit, because she just did. She slowly paced backwards wiping the smelly crap from the sole of her boot, before she entered back into the floor of the ancient truck and received another verbal lecture from her mother on farm equipment cleanliness.
“Fiddlesticks!” She shouted loud out with annoyance and climbed back into the truck seat, twisting the non-powered steering column around in a wide circle, slowly steering back down the set of tire tracks on top of the hard soil towards the water pump house, hanging a right and steered towards the northwest field pasture.
Risa should have recalled that her moved the herd of geldings and stallions into the northern pasture every single year around her birthday party.
However, another time event, Risa had forgotten to check for the correct bales of tied yellow tinted hay. She had assumed there were eight hay stacks and there were only four. Then, she had to truck the vehicle all the way back to the barn and gather up four more bales feeding the hungry stallions, which wasted three hours of her precious teen time.
Then there was another wasted trip. Risa had forgotten to check the gas tank which only displayed a tank  of one-fourth gasoline. She had been assigned to feed the horses for her mother during the summer time, when the weather elements were hotter than fir hell and then she had ran out of the gas while cranking the air conditioner system to the max inside the truck cab. The truck engine died. Risa sweated her weigh in water and calories underneath a grove of not-helpful-shade-trees while waiting for her father to come and rescue her butthole. He had come to rescue his stranded daughter, after all of his farm chores were completed.
Inside the truck cab, steering towards the north pasture, Risa quickly flashed back to last night, when her friend Cinta had made a big deal about Garth defending Risa's girly honor to Beck.
Beck was actually very kind using a silly cowgirl and should’ve said a dumb cowgirl when he had quoted numerous time to Risa during their shared summer time days.



Four months ago, Risa had blown her final geometry test, before the end of current school year at Apollo High School and received a accumulated score of thirty-five points out of a possible one hundred points which was the academic letter of F.

Her worried parents had hired a personal tutor assisting their daughter to pass from the eleventh grade into the twelfth grade. Her parents originally hired and paid Cinta for the tutoring job, but Cinta had spent the summer nights with her boyfriend Bobby Joe and her summer days sleeping late inside her bedroom mattress.

Cinta's additional summer activities included splashing her bikini covered breasts and her coated fanny in the cool Apollo River that runs off the Alabama soil straight down through into the Gulf of Mexico waters. She had enjoyed her fun with her boyfriend Bobby Joe fishing, boating, and funning on the warm landmass.

Risa had stayed, struggled, and studied at her home environment, without attending the summer school program. She had to re-take the geometry course again or receive the academic letter grade of F failing the eleventh grade while wearing a permanent pink tinted blush of embarrassment on her face.

Risa was not progressing at a proper pace with her geometry work using her friend Cinta.

So, her parents hired and paid bookworm Beck Actworth, who privately tutored Risa inside her living room environment while her mother protectively watched over the two teens of opposite biological features.

However, Risa had learned a lot about geometry and a little more about Beck.



Currently, Beck was the baby brother in the Actworth family tree with numerous older siblings that ranged in ages from 32 years down to 21 years of age. All of the family members were employed at the Actworth funeral home business, as well as, personal family business interests in the local hospital, at the local bank, and with a local law firm that kept the family members busy around the small town of Apollo.
Beck planned to graduate his high school with his classmate Risa and wanted to attend Birmingham University and graduate college, working as a medical researcher in the field of neurosurgery. He permanently rode inside a wheelchair. Risa would see Beck at the school sessions and causally chatted with him during the snack time break. He did not mention his medical condition.
Beck had contracted the genetic disease at the age of four years old while he continued to trip and fall over his two big toes during each school session during his kindergarten days. Then, one day, he appeared and wheeled his folded body into the kindergarten classroom while wearing a pair of thick eyeglasses too.



Eleven years ago, on his first day in the wheelchair in the first grade at Apollo Elementary School, all the little cowgirls and cowboys had entertained Beck making him laugh and giggle having a good time with some fun moments.

But, day after day, the fun had worn down to a dull and boring daily chore duty, such like, making your bed, when you were entering your messy bed matters that night.

One kid had to open the classroom door and held for Beck. Then another kid had to close the door and wait on Beck. Then a third kid had tote the lunch plate for Beck.

Each one of the kids had taken a turn with their assigned Beck-duty, but after a few weeks all the kids hated their new Beck-duty and hated the Beck person, which was really nasty and mean, but that was the down low on what happened there inside the kindergarten classroom at Apollo Elementary School.



During each school session, since the first grade, Beck did not allow his physical handicap to bother his person. He was always smiling and was the happiest person here on Planet Earth while chuckling and telling a series of silly jokes while free-wheeling through the busy school hallway. He was known as one of the smartest kids at school and received a set of very good grade in each academic subject. The person Beck was a nice, friendly, and sweet guy and treated dummy Risa with high respect.


Five months ago, during the summer school break, cute and sexy Beck leaned over with a smile across the wiggling cheap card table and then gingerly touched Risa on the hand with his set of warm finger pads offering both his support and encouragement, saying in his sexy bass drum timber and shoved his eye frames back over his nose bridge. “Silly cowgirl, an obtuse angle doesn’t have any equal sides.”

After re-doing all the homework assignments, re-working all the problems, and re-submitting all of the new lessons back to the geometry class at Apollo High School, Risa had received the academic letter grade of C for cool while passing all of her geometry tests and entering the twelfth grade.

Her parents were overjoyed with pride and purchased the new sports car for their dumb daughter.



Currently, inside the truck cab, Risa slowly performed a putt-putt over the grassy plateau and then stopped the truck, killing the engine, grabbing a pair of binoculars from the dashboard. She wore the spy glasses and searched for the herd of horses as the feeding range went one mile northeast and two miles southwest from her parked truck position. She quickly spotted the herd inside the southwestern field and whispered for her eardrums only. “Yee-haw!” She slowly drove ahead over the flat land and hugged the brake pedal without scaring off the entire herd of horses and then stopped several feet from the grazing mammals, donning her work gloves. 
Risa opened the door and slid off the front seat, climbing onto the tail gate, standing upright with a wicked grin and kicked the snot out of the first hay bale as it grunted in silent, landing down on top of the grassy without pain or suffering. She re-entered the cab and whipped the tail end on the truck over the smooth grass while the first group of horses lifted up a face and stared at the moving truck, seeing the two fresh bales of hay while patiently waiting for the nosily machine to leave the area.
Risa slowly steered ahead towards the second group of horses, stopped and then exited the truck, climbing onto the tail gate, kicking two more hay bales from the edge of the metal as both of them slowly slipped off the edge with a little help of Earth’s gravity, landing down on top of the grass.
She repeated this manual exercise six more freaking times, until the truck bed was empty. Then, for her outlaw fun, after Risa drove the ancient truck away from the horses for safety moving a half-of-mile over the flat land, quickly gunning the gas pedal down to the floor mat. The old engine kicked into overdrive driving the truck like a lousy race car while cleaning brilliantly all of the loose strands of hay and grain seedlings out from the flat truck bed and over the horse meadow field, without his permission, of course.
Her new innovative method was a swifter way to empty out the flat truck bed without manually sweeping out the tiny seeds with a hard stick broom, before she was required to store the truck beside the horse barn, after her completed farm task. The ancient truck and Risa sailed ahead and then slowed, turning towards to the north, driving underneath the grove of shade trees to cool down the feisty engine. She stopped the motor with a smile and parked the truck in front of the thick grove of trees, slapping off the gloves, softly patting the steering wheel. “Good job, baby girl!” She reached down and jerked open the door handle, tossing the pair of work gloves to the other seat, sliding out from the heated leather seat. She stood upright on top of the grassy surface and smiled at meadow field of horses, because her mother always asked if her herd of stallions were eating or sleeping or shitting in the grassy pasture field.
Risa leaned down and re-entered the cab, grabbing the binoculars, spinning around to face the pasture of horses, placing them over her face. The spy glasses blinded her two eyeballs coming from the rays of bright sunlight. She squinted her two eyeballs and viewed the grove of trees and pods of wildflowers while pondering a better bird’s eye view at one of the stallions. Her mother specifically asked about her favorite stallion Buster, all the time. She dropped the binoculars on top of the tool box and then climbed over the short side of the pickup truck railing, bouncing on top of the flat truck bed. She stood in front of the tool box with a smile and sweated in the warm day, leaning backwards, grabbing the pair of binoculars and stood upright while searching for Buster.
She slowly rotated through the air waves without finding Buster in the numerous sub-groups of horses.


A horse is a social creature like a human and seeks companionship like human with other horses for a long happy life. A horse communicates with each other with their body parts and their vocal cords that establishes social hierarchy with the herd mates like a teenager within a family unit.

Within a herd of horses, the mammal will break into a sub-group with a smaller number of horses that stay and play together, like a set of best friends for a human teenager.

When Risa and Cinta decide to ride through the meadow grass during the cool morning hours, Risa selects a pair of horses from the same sub-group that know each other and are a pair of best friends, like Risa and Cinta. The horse ride runs smoothly.

Excuse and use the pun!

The herd behavior with numerous horses is communicated through a flick of the ear point or a flutter of the tail for one of the horses to address another horse. A horse also vocally communicates with each other and with humans, but the humans do not understand by vocally sounding with whinnies, nickers, snorts, and blows.

By careful of a horse nose blow, sometimes its massive clump of clear snot comes out and lands down on your boot toe, if you're lucky.

A horse will visually communicate with one or both of its horse hooves by pawing the ground with one hoof or stomping the dirt with one or both hooves at the same time. Sometimes, a horse will smell other horse droppings or each other's breath for some type of horse examination.

Standing close to each other is acceptable social friendliness and grooming or nibbling each other withers, arched neck or back spine.

A negative social encounter is when a horse squeals in fear, bite in angry, kicks in pain, and displays a pair of pinned ear points. Watch out! That horse with the pinned back ear points is really angry and will bit or attack another horse or a human or both at the same time. Yikes!

All of those social behaviors dedicates a chain of command that instills leadership, confidence, dominance, submissiveness, and respect within the herd which is part of working or playing with the other herd-mates. This social concept is very important, if the herd of horses are free and must work to safeguard the herd, maintain family groups, and find food, water, and shelter from the hot weather and cold snowflakes, like a herd of wild mustangs that live the US State of Montana.

Within a herd of horses, there is a silence rule of who eats first, who drinks first, and who accesses the shelter first.

Now, if the race of humans could adapt and adopt like a herd of horses, then, maybe, the world would be a better place for all.

Because the eyes of a horse is located on each side of its long face, the mammal possesses a 360 angle of sight. A horse can sleep standing up or laying down. A horse can run over the ground, after its birth. A horse lives to be 25 years old. A horse possesses 205 bones in their horsey skeleton. A horse has been domesticated for 5,000 years.



On top of dirty truck bed, she dropped the binoculars from her face and exhaled with annoyance, scooting backwards, slowly climbing up to the next level, sitting her fanny down on top of the plastic tool box and as her two boot soles slammed the bed floor producing a soft rhythm of musical notes. Risa lifted the binoculars into her two eyeballs and slowly scanned the meadow again and then found Buster. He was eating quietly by his lonesome self on a single bale of hay. Now, Risa could present a satisfactorily report back to her mother.
She slowly leaned backwards and gently plopped her neck muscles and her back spine down on the warm edge of rooftop, seeing through the binoculars a pale blue sky, which only looked more like a bigger block of pale blue sky as a tip of a white cloud passed within the lenses, which only looks like a bigger tip of a white cloud. The pair of binoculars is not a telescope to scope out the bright stars and moons of the night while looking for aliens waving from their outer space ship.
She was bored without anything to do but waiting on her more boring birthday party which would start at three pm and last until five pm with all of the crazy, yelling wild children. Then, at six pm, the dancing started and at nine pm, the party ended and everyone left the farm for sleeping. Tomorrow was the first day of a new week, Sunday. Everyone attended the church property and listened to the boring church sermon from the boring preacher in order to ascend into heavenly plane, if you die by natural causes or man-made one. Heaven help Risa, if she missed one day of church service, which was more boring than her upcoming birthday party.
“I need another life.” She moaned with pity for her poor sweet soul.
Risa dropped her chin following her two eyeballs through the enlarged two lenses on the powerful set of binoculars focusing on the embedded bird nest that lounged between the brown tinted tree bark on a tall tree which didn't hold a bird. She shifted the lenses to the side and viewed a nest of light brown threads that shimmered like gold nuggets in the dull sunlight. The contrasts between the natural dark brown tree trunk and the golden threads easily indentified the Tree Trunk spider.
Yeah, that's the real name of the spider, ya’ll.
A Tree Trunk spider is a member of the tropical or semi-tropical Family Hersiliidae. This type of spider is very popular in southern Alabama and inside the town of Apollo. There are 150 species in this family which displays two very prominent and very light golden spinnerets on their buttholes. The spider is nicknamed as a “two-tailed spider” hiding their golden shiny exo-skeleton body in plain eyeball sight while waiting patiently for their prey and then rapidly shoots out their silky webbing like a shotgun barrel into the targeted prey, casting a silk rope and circling around its dinner meal like steer roping a baby calf for fun. Then, the Tree Trunk spider bites and then sucks out the blood from its prey through their golden funeral shroud and eats their daily meal. Yee-haw!
A good cowgirl knew her spiders and snakes, so she didn’t die. The Tree Trunk spider was supping good on the entire family of blue swallows that once occupied a well-built but now exhibited an empty bird nest for a new family of blue tinted swallows.
On top of the tool box, Risa shifted the binoculars to the side spotting a pair of flying squirrels in-between two trees having a hang-gliding party within the slight cool breeze. She slowly flipped over and rested on her stomach muscles and as she faced north seeing a shower of heavy vines of Spanish moss crawling and killing the tree bark of older trees near the horse path while mentally noting to tell her father. The set of Spanish Moss vines grew rapidly during the winter and summer months.
Her father needed to come out here and cut down that old dead tree preventing the deadly spread to the grove of healthy trees.
Her eardrums heard a set of loud squeals, before her eyeballs viewed the array of bright stars. She whipped her chin downwards with the binoculars and focused on the glittering stars that were really a set of flying silver streaks of metal coming from her neighbors that lived next door at the Actworth house...naw...castle.
Risa viewed numerous silver-tinted reams on each black-tinted wheelchair as each brother participated in the fun sporting game of back yard court basketball outside on the patio surface within the warm rays of sunlight in the heated month of September.
On top of the rear patio surface, seventeen years old Beck gracefully swirled in a circle inside his chair bouncing a single basketball with his hand and then pitched the ball into his left arm holding the item away from his brother’s arm span, who rode in a different wheelchair. Beck tossed the basketball to his third brother inside a third wheelchair.
Risa slowly dropped the binoculars from eyeballs and exhaled with sadness. Each one of Beck’s biological brothers traveled around in a wheelchair too. Each one of his brothers had contracted the same medical condition that caused muscle loss in both of their legs and feet.
Her heart sunk down into her toes and as Risa pondered her sad mental thoughts, where a genetic disease could rob an entire biological family of walking, skipping, running, and hopping over the grass. Then she numbed down her brain cells.
Risa returned the binoculars onto her pair of naked eyeballs and quietly spies some more on the Actworth clan.
On top of the rear patio surface of vanilla tinted concrete, each brother shouted at each other in fun within each two teams. Each brother displayed a white tinted tank top or a red tinted tank top on an upper body that covered their hairy chest, exposing both of their arm muscle and neckline.
Each one was tucked down into an individual wheelchair wearing a pair of black tinted walking shorts, a pair of white tinted socks, and a pair of white tinted sneakers over their non-functioning legs and feet.
Beck did not participate in any of the local sporting events at Apollo High School, because Apollo was a very small farm town with about 1,000 people that lived, worked, and played around an eight-mile wide by a three-mile long geographical city limit marker. The local school did not possess extra money to teach a class of physics or calculus, much less funding a set of sporting activities that supported a male or a female with a physical handicap.
Risa felt both sad and depressed.
Beck displayed a nice set of sculptured muscles on his triceps and deltoids hugging out from his tight sleeveless white tinted tank top. She smiled with delight. His two legs were nicely muscular, but that body condition would fade over his mature adult years as he grew older and could not work off the fat cells from old age.
Beck appeared in a lovely dark cocoa tinted skin complexion that accentuated his black tinted shoulder length slightly wavy hair strands and a pair of pale green twinkling eyeballs.
Risa had enjoyed smelling his cologne of leather and tangy fruity, at her house, during her tutoring session, this past summer.
Currently, from the rear patio wall, where a huge sliding glass door stood open, gray-haired and purple-tinted eye-framed Mr. Actworth rolled first from the interior room and then gray-haired and peach-tinted eye-framed Mrs. Actworth followed behind her husband in an electric wheelchair.
Beck’s wheelchair was a manual model of transportation. He liked moved in constant movement while working his biceps, keeping the muscles tight and taunt.
Risa had spent the entire summer spying on his tight and taunt muscles arms also while sometimes forgetting he newest geometry lesson from tutor Beck.
On top of the flat surface, Beck spun his chair to the side and slammed his wheel into the chair with his older brother Cox, who was a lawyer by trade and displayed a black tinted goatee on his dark cocoa tinted face and a pair of red-tinted framed eyeglasses over his two dark brown colored eyeballs.
The next older brother Perry exhibited a pair of dark brown irises, a tone of dark cocoa tinted skin with a full black tinted beard going up into his nostrils and coming back down into his naked throat and wore a pair of blue-tinted framed eye glasses. Barton possessed a pair of black tinted, brushy sideburns that clashed with his pair of orange framed eyeglasses on a tone of dark cocoa tinted skin tone and a pair of dark brown irises.
Each brother exhibited a physical handicap and traveled around inside a wheelchair but their facial hair was matted in a distinguishing format for easy identification. Each biological son possessed a healthy complexion of dark cocoa tinted skin tone, a pair of dark brown tinted irises, and a head of black tinted hair, and a pair of colorful eye frames for their pair of bad eyeballs with a hairy individual facial features, except for youngest brother Beck.
Beck showed off by stealing the basketball from Perry and then handed off to Barton. Barton drilled the ball down on top of the smooth concrete slab and then lifted up both of his arms in the air, shooting the ball into the basketball hoop ring that stood six feet in height rather than the regulation of ten feet for an average upright basketball high schooler.
Cox caught and tossed the ball to Perry, who dribbled the ball with his left hand on top of smooth concrete, slamming his other arm into Beck's wheelchair with power, losing the basketball from his hand. Beck laughed out loud and soared in the opposite direction from the game players.
The ball continued to bounce in the opposite direction from the game players.
Barton rolled ahead in his wheelchair using both of his hands and reached out, snatching up the ball and then wheeled the tires with one hand while moving towards the basketball hoop. He placed the basketball down into his lap and then reached out, wheeling the tires with both of his hands, rushing to the opposite hoop and lifted up, pitching the basketball for the extra points.
Beck stopped and parked on the smooth concrete, wiggling all of his ten fingers at his brother, yelling out loud with fun. “Cheat! Cheat! Eat my feet, cheaturd!” The six brothers hooted and tooted like a row of barn owls the silly slogan.
Underneath the grove of shade trees, at the parked truck, on top of the tool box, Risa continued to spy and clearly heard the taunt echo across the open plains of the flat pasture lands that connected their two farm lands.
On top of the back patio foundation, each brother chanted out loud at the other brother in fun, “Cheat! Cheat! Eat my feet, cheaturd!” Then a set of hand high-five slaps collided against their manly bones with a set of loud laughter.
On top of the tool box, Risa expanded her viewing range and spied on each Actworth lady next. Each one of the women possessed a long dull beige tinted tray that ran across each wheelchair arm rest which held two individual platters of food and rolled to the oval shaped table. Each lady slowly unloaded the food platters over the naked wood while the brothers wrapped up their fun and competitive basketball game.
Cox rolled his electric chair from the game action and disappeared on the dark side of the house, grabbing a leaking hose pipe, moving back towards the side of the house and then brutally sprayed down some of the stinky game players. Each brother turned a wheelchair and faced Cox while laughing out loud, removing their eye gear and lifted up both arms, exposing their armpits.
The cold water hit each naked hairy armpit then a sweaty tank shirt, and finally moved down washing a set of folded kneecaps on each legs inside the wheelchair getting the sneakers wet too.
Beck drove his personal carriage last and stood alone in front of Cox for his splashing fun, slowly lifting up each arm in the air, exposing his hairy armpits and then shuffled both of his feet on top of each flat pedal, slowly standing upright from the chair seat like a healthy teenage. Risa gasped in shock.
Cox turned with a wicked grin and sprayed the cold tap water at Beck starting down low at his sneakers, socked ankles, socked shins, naked kneecaps, clothed hips, clothed waist, his tank top on chest, his exposed neck muscles, and then finally slammed the cold water from the outside faucet into Beck's smile and then his chest. Beck soldierly accepted the water punishment. Each brother clapped with laughter for Beck. Beck held his body upright with his amazing super-human strength. Risa continued to spy and stared with more gasps at her classmate Beck.
Mr. Actworth arrived in his wheelchair at dark side on the house tossing out an individual white colored bath towel at each son with fun laughter. Each son laughed out loud while drying their wet skin and soggy clothes in the hot sun.
Each brother finished their ugly sunbathing and tossed their towel across the back post on their wheelchair for drying, slowly rolling one-at-a-time over the smooth concrete towards an oval-shaped picnic table, parking a chair underneath the expanded wood. The noise ceased.
Mr. Actworth talked slowly and whipped his face down into his chin as each family member duplicated that action to bless all of the food platters.
On top of the truck cab, Risa also closed her two eyelashes and slightly tilted her chin downward into her chest for honoring all of God’s creatures and gifts also. Then her two eardrums heard the soft tings of food bowls and dishes looking up with a smile.
On top of the patio surface, Mr. Actworth held the first platter of food and then started the rotation to Grandma Actworth next and then Uncle Actworth until each clan member had filled an empty plate with food. The second table held the sons and daughters from the Actworth clan.
Older brother Cox emptied his food from the bowl first and handed the same bowl to Beck.
Beck smiled and chuckled during the rotation of the food platters as his bottom jaw slightly shift side to side enjoying the funny joke. He was always smiles and never a sad face talking about everything and anything at high school.
He reached over the arm rest and playfully slammed his folded fist into Perry’s furry face for fun. They both laughed and stared a dog paddle fight with their four hands in the air in-between the empty space of the chairs like two silly brother siblings.
Cox sat beside Beck and waved his hand in the air while moving his lips. Risa could not hear the harsh words coming from Cox. Beck and Perry stopped the fight and obeyed their elder sibling while still grinning and giggling.
Beck carefully wrapped an oversized blue cloth napkin around his naked throat and a second one over his lap like a true southern gentleman. She smiled at his nice table manners which was taught by his mother and continued to spy watching each person eat.
Beck stared down at his plate of food and stirred two of his vegetables together like Risa always did on her dinner plate while sharing that weirdo pattern of food consumption. He quickly gobbled down the first plate of food with his brothers and then prepared a second plate of food like his brothers also. Then Beck consumed the second plate of food and prepared a third plate of food.
Risa was getting hungry watching Beck and his brothers ate all of the food items until each platter was empty.
Mr. Actworth slowly shuffled his wheelchair from the head spot on the oval table and gently gathered up some of the dirty plates from each family member placing on top of the arm rest tray. Cox duplicated the same maneuver at the children's table and rolled ahead, entering the darkness in the kitchen space.
Risa glided her binoculars into the darkness and smashed the zoom controls at the maximum setting of fifty times, seeing into the interior room. A low-lying breakfast table stood on the side wall and matched the outside oval-shaped picnic table. A low-lying bar counter easily fit four wheelchairs. The rest of the dark space appeared with a set of smaller pieces of steel-plated kitchen appliances and rows of shorter white tinted wood cabinets for an easy reach from a stationary wheelchair. She ended her boring snooping and slid the binoculars back to cute and sexy Beck.
Mrs. Actworth, Grandma Actworth, and two aunts emerged from the house and toted a tray of desserts dropping a dish of pecan pie in front of each family member. Risa watched and smiled at the recorded happy moment in Beck’s life with his brothers. She felt her the teenly emotion of jealous. She did not possess blood relatives, such like, a brother or a sister or cousins.
When Risa finally married the perfect guy in the future, she planned to birth three little brats that ran around the carpet messing up the living room with all their dangerous toys, wiping their precious noses from snot balls and their pink tinted lips from the wet grape juice stains.
Beck nodded to his mother, who wore a pair of pink-tinted framed eyeglasses and mouthed: Thank you. He turned and smiled down at the slice of pecan pie and used his fork, cutting off a big chunk that fit nicely into his man-sized mouth. He lifted up the forkful of food in the air in-between his throat and his lips shifting both of his eyelids upright inside his pair of black tinted framed eyeglasses, staring into the pair of binoculars. Risa freeze like an ice cube with total shock. Then Beck winked at Risa on top of the ancient pickup truck.
Risa quickly dropped down the binoculars from her two eyeballs, staring at the Actworth rear patio, seeing them as a circle of small ants against the row of tall shade trees.
Her mental mind had frozen and as her numb finger pads stuck to the metal of the binoculars. She softly whispered for her eardrums only. “He winked at me.”
Risa shook her curls and shouted out loud in disbelief. “No! No! No! Not possible! That is impossible! Beck can’t see me, without using a pair of these.” She quickly slid down off the tool box and cuddled the binoculars, landing with a loud boom on top of the metal truck bed that shook the ancient truck, opening the tool box. She placed the binoculars down into the tool box, where the item was usually stored. She didn't want her father or any of the farm workers to note that the work item was out of place, because someone might get the idea that Risa had spying on the cute and sexy teen at the Actworth Manor on his patio floor that stands on the northwestern geographical corner on her farm, which could not be viewed with a pair of naked eyeballs.
On top of the metal truck bed, Risa carefully closed the tool box and leaned over, touching the railing, jumping from the side of the low truck and landed down on top of the grass, exhaling with worry. She padded ahead and slid back down into the front seat, slamming the rusty hinges off the metal door closed. Risa nodded with a smile. “I wasn’t spying, Dad.” She practiced her rehearsed speech. “I just noticed that the old gray looking yucky Spanish moss is covering the ancient and old 2000 year old oak trees, where the horses were moved, when I was sent to feed. Not good! Not good at all! That is too close to the Actworth property line.” She shook her curls and started the engine, driving carefully ahead following the two tires marks on the worn dirt path and returned back to the old barn.

At 01:01 pm on a warm fall afternoon, at the Patillo Homestead, Risa arrived at the barn which seemed a three-minute drove but required twenty-five minutes of her teenly time and parked underneath the old crab apple trees, where each tart fruit apple fall down over the stationary block of hay bales while sweetening the grains for the picky eaters among the herd of horses. She killed the engine and stared into the thicket of green bushes. “Beck winked at me. He saw me spying on them.” She cringed with her mixed emotions of happy and embarrassment.
She exited the truck and spin around slowly padding on one right boot, then one left boot while wiping off hay strands, sawdust, clay, and grass blades from her dirty jeans for a presentable daughter to appear at the eating table. She landed down in the padded patio chair and slowly removed each boot. One was still covered in horse shit between the heel and the sole that required a toothpick to clean. However, Risa didn't eat well, after cleaning animal crap from her shoes.
She stood on top of two dirty socked feet and moved over the rough orange-coated brick patio surface gently parting the wood from the metal while trying to be a good southern belle, since her mother felt really bad. Risa slid across the tile on sweaty socks into the laundry room turning right into the kitchen space, where her mother sat at the small breakfast table on the far wall with her leg propped parallel even the floor as her bone skull lounged down into both of her palms as she appeared in bad pain.
Risa scoot down into her assigned seat quietly in-between her parents and shifted her plate of food slowly around the table below her mouth using her best table manners that she could mustard, looking at the blackish-gray tinted hair roots on her moth.
Then she looked down and stared at thick pile of turkey slices above four slices of red tomatoes, a entire bed of green lettuce as the white tinted mayonnaise slowly dripped down like a leaky faucet on both sides of thick white tinted loaf bread. Her father had fixed the lunch meal using his college engineering skills like he was building a road bridge, not feeding a picky teen.
She lifted up the heavy sandwich into her smile. “Hey, Dad! How’s your leg, Mom?” Risa attacked and sunk her teeth into the layers of food, eating the delicious meal, winking at her father.
He stuffed a handful of salty potato chips into his open mouth while holding the last bite from his thick turkey sandwich while ease dropping on the conversation.
Her mother lifted up a fake smile and turned to pat her casted leg. “I’m healing as we speak, dear.”
Risa vigorously chewed with a shut mouth and then swallowed the chopped up food particles without rudely gagging or coughing out loud at eating table to annoy her mother further. She smiled. "Thanks for the sandwich, Dad! Mom, I started my chores …” 
Her mother reached over and patted Risa on the arm. Her daughter held the sandwich steady for the next attack. Her mother nodded. "So, that’s where you have been hiding out. Its passed one o’clock in the afternoon, Risa. And this day is your birthday, dear. There’re no chores required for you to perform today other than your homework assignments that are due on Monday.” Risa nodded and chewed the food in silence.
Her mother was a bad mood from her temporary leg injury as she enjoyed riding on top of her stallion Buster while barking out demanding order to all of the farm hands, instead of staying inside the house.
Risa did not enjoy the academic lecture at the eating table, but she was used to the sermon which started in the eighth grade report card displayed only the academic letter of C. Her mother finally figured out that her daughter wasn’t a genius, just a cowgirl. So, her mother enjoyed sharing her mental thought out loud to her daughter and her husband at the common place, the eating table.
Her mother inhaled more air molecules, “Cinta does any excellent job of tutoring you in the course of algebra, don’t you think so, dear. You should make a decent grade for the upcoming six-week term in school. When is your next test?”
Risa blinked her two eyelashes in some type of silent code to no one and continued to chew the sandwich.
Her mother reached out and spread her five fingers over the table surface, dragging them back and forth over the smooth wooden planks, when she became frustrated with her daughter. “You can ask Cinta that question.” Risa nodded and continued to chew. Her mother nodded. “You don’t seem as confused when Cinta explains the problem in your school work. Your Dad and I have been pondering your situation, especially in regard to your academic, not successes. Are you still planning to go to college, sweetheart?” Risa nodded in silence.
Her mother nodded. “Your school counsel called me informing us that she wants you to retake the college examination test again. You can do that in new month of January, next year. I have the information from the internet. We both think that’s a good idea too. When you apply to college, you’re be really for the big challenge. I feel that you’ll really click in college from an academic point of view.”
Risa snapped the dill pickle in half with her incisor teeth, chomping on the tart taste, catching the dripping tart juice with her paper napkin without making a mess that will upset her mom.
Her father nodded. “Your mom has to report back to the physician in the city of Montgomery on Friday morning. Since, there’s not a football game on Friday morning, we thought you could skip school, ride with us, and then we would take a short venture travel up to Burn U.”
Risa stopped chewing her sandwich, staring down at her plate with two dill pickles and a heap of salty potato chips. She had planned to consume, before her dad's wild announcement.
Her father smiled. "Your mom and I are very pride that you want to attend our old Alma Mata. We can drive by the admissions office look around for a bit at the pretty landscape. They receive a ground of fresh snowflakes up there during the winter time. That’s really pretty. What did you think, pumpkin?”
Risa continued to hold her partly eaten sandwich and stared down at the plate activating her brain cells into summing up a great answer with her dad's pre-arranged plans with her three nifty options: skipping school or visiting Birmingham University or going to Novena Festival. However, Risa knew the chosen option as she was going to personally somehow and some way defeat her classmate Harvest Empress Lara Lee and save her other classmate Harvest Emperor Beck from his teen humiliation on Friday night.
 But, Risa could not save Beck, if she was out of town like a lying Lara Lee, who was going to proclaim on Monday morning there at school, since Lara Lee never attended church.
At the eating table, Risa nosily cleared her throat from a few lingering food particles and then looked up, still holding her sandwich and faked a smile to each parent. “O! That’s sound like fun, ya’ll. But, Friday night isn’t a football game, but the Novena Festival. Do you remember our fun times at the Novena Festival, Dad? You always won all those prizes for me, when I was a first grader. I still remember how much fun the games were …”
“The Novena Festival is for a set of younger children, not really a teenager hang out, dear. We want to show you some of the college places where the students interact between their study classes.” Her mother nodded.
Risa smiled. “I wanna go and visit there, too, Mom. But, this is my last time to go and play all of these silly kiddie games with my silly high school friends for the silly last time, before I go off to serious college classes and campus, like I have dreamed all of life, foreverly."
Her mother frowned. “That’s weird! Annabelle told me that her daughter Cinta was going to skip the Novena Festival on Friday night. Doesn’t she hang with her beau Bobby Joe, when they are not in school? I thought I saw them on Thursday night at the Pizza House on Elm Street. Do you know that fast food place, Risa?”
Risa stared at her mom in silence and as her brain cells clicked with data.
Cinta told her mother that part lie and part truth, so Cinta won’t be accused and punished by the principal at Apollo High School along with the rest of the mean and rude senior students for abandoning their classmate Beck at the Novena Festival while secretly covering for their wicked friend Lara Lee. Because, if there was not another senior female student present at the event to replace a missing Lara Lee, then Harvest Emperor representative Beck would be alone and lose the title of Harvest Emperor without a Harvest Empress by his side on top of the polished wooden floor in the school auditorium while the other gossiping Apollonians laughed at him.
Risa sneered her lips with her nasty evil thoughts at her mom. “Yes, ma’am! I know the place…”
Risa had eaten with her parents there, sometimes on Sunday afternoon, since she could not date a teen male, until Risa had turned 43 years old with long gray hair, a pair of sunken cheekbones, and a pair of saggy boobs while living with my biological family, foreverly.
The she softly moaned with her mental worries and placed her eaten sandwich down on the plate while staring at her mother. “I do believe that my silly friend Cinta might have be confused about this upcoming Friday night, since all of the Apollo football games are still active but not this week. Cinta is going to be there for some of the Novena Festival activities, but not all of them. So I wanted to…”
“Well, I can understand spending time with your silly friends is important in this part of your life, dear?” Her father turned and smiled at his wife. Risa narrowed her two eyelashes at her mother. Her father nodded to his wife. “We are leaving out from the farm very early on Friday morning with a new load of cattle. We’re performing two tasks, at the same time, away from Apollo delivering our load of cows and carrying your mother back to the physician and then staying in Montgomery on Friday night and Saturday night …”
“Why are you staying both nights?” Risa gasped in alarm.
Her mother nodded. “I’m receiving some additional tests that can’t be performed on Friday only Saturday afternoon with their special hospital machines …”
“Are you sick, Mom?”
“No, dear! The broken bone or the pain is very troublesome on my leg, so the medical physician wants to see the bone through my cast kinda like an old fashioned X-ray machine, but with some of the better technological medical equipment. We’ll return on Sunday morning, leaving very early for the road trip.”
“I can hang with Cinta on both Friday and Saturday nights. That’s not a problem for me.” Risa smiled.
Her mother frowned. “You hang too much of your time with Cinta, dear. You should expand your friendship with some of the other kids at your school.”
She giggled. “I should get a boyfriend.”
“Risa, your dad and I want to you start dating a nice, mature, and well-bred male teenager. We gave our blessing this every day one year ago until…” Her mother frowned. “This is our house. These are our rules. The first rule is that your homework assignment comes first, young lady. The second rule of the house is getting you accepted and enrolled into a post-graduate college. College is both fun and fulfilling. You’ll thrive as a freshman with a fresh face in a new fresh learning environment. So, the newest third rule is to study for your college entrance examination test and take the test again in January of the new year. Maybe …”
Risa nodded. “Cinta can help me.”
“No!” Her mother shook her curls and exhaled with disappointment. “Cinta proved to be a very poor teacher for your very poor studies, which doesn’t make any logical progress in your slow academic studies, if you want to become accepted into college, Risa. Anyways, since Cinta wrecked her car last week, she isn’t on my favor’s list …”
“That cow!” She frowned.
“A car wreck involves speed which involves not obeying the speeding laws. You obey all the laws all the time like a good southern belle as you have been taught by me. Maybe, I can converse with Mrs. Actworth and see if one of her current college sons can assist you with your college entrance examination test review in-between their holiday break …”
“Beck can.” Risa smiled.
“Beck did an excellent job this summer with your geometry course, but right now, he is dealing with too much.” Her mother turned and frowned at her husband, returning back to see her daughter. “Risa, you must learn to handle your own decisions with both grace and wisdom. That’s the only way you will learn from your current mistakes.”
“Too much of what?” Risa frowned.
Her father, “Beck is dealing with too much high school work and studying for his own set of test to enter his choice of college. A good college is very competitive among your teen peers, Risa. That’s why the school counsel and us want to you re-take the college examination test. Or you might be left attending one of the many overcrowded junior colleges, which is a working solution for your dilemma, but something you’re required to take more class courses.”
Risa lifted her two arms in the air and shouted out loud. “Stop, okay! I understand. Please don’t end one lecture and then began another one while the sun is still up high and outside on the back porch. It gives me a headache. I mean out of all the days in the calendar," she dropped down her bone skull down into her open palms shaking her curls, exhaling with annoyance at her parents. This was the day of her birth for celebration, not crucifixion.
Her father reached over and gently patted Risa on her bent arm, jerking upright with a smile, tossing both of his arms into the ceiling and then laughed out loud. “Happy Birthday, Risa!” He dropped down both of his hands with a smile and picked up hid dirty plate, standing upright from his chair. He scooted from the table and moved ahead to the kitchen wash sink, starting to clean the dishes for his wife.
Risa looked up and faked a smile at an empty chair. “Thanks, Daddy!” She turned and stared at her mother.
Her mother faked a smile with pain. “Happy Birthday, dear! And we love you. We look after your personal interests in a different way from other parents, Risa.”
“Yeah! Okay! I’m going to bathe and change for my birthday party at three pm.” Risa stood upright from the table with a smile without cleaning up her messy spot today. Today was her birthday and she did not have any farm chores. She scooted from the chair and slowly padded through the kitchen space, the living room, and hit the staircase, climbing up to the second floor bedrooms, padding down the hallway. She turned the corner and entered her private bedroom space.
Inside her bedroom, Risa gently closed the bedroom door and moved into her bathroom of white tiles with a million rows of tiny pink tinted rosebuds stripping off her dirty jeans, peeling her sweaty lavender colored tee shirt from her breasts, tossing the items down on the floor.
She flipped on the bath water and waited for the hot water to appear from the cold metal pipes, touching the stream of running water. The first time she entered the shower with both streams of cold water, she screamed in shock and pledged not to do that stupid pre-teen move again.
The hot water appeared and blended nicely with the cold water creating a warm stream. She entered the shower floor and stood in place, letting the water run for fun down her body, whispering for her eardrums only. "Beck saw me." She continued to soak up the water rays and stood in place, looking down at the white tinted tub floor.
Then, a dim light bulb burned out inside her brain cells and was replaced with a brighter one.
She whispered. "No! Beck actually saw a sunlight reflection coming from the binoculars, since he wears a pair of eyeglasses and can’t see that far with his bad vision. Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!" She started to wash her body with the vanilla fragranced soap liquid. "Yeah, I saw him through fifty times magnification with the binoculars. Then he saw a sun flare reflection coming from the glass lenses on my binoculars through his shiny eyeglasses. Yes!" She slapped her forehead with her soapy hand getting soap bubbles in her eyeball, dunking her skull underneath the pleasant warm water temperature. She really was a dumb cowgirl.
Risa shouldn’t had been spying on her neighbors, but her goal wasn’t a mission for evil.
She smiled and continued to bath her body, “I stood at the right spot, at the right time.” Risa practiced her rehearsed speech for Beck tomorrow at church. She would see him there, without a doubt. One problem was solved. Beck won’t become mad at Risa, since he was the happiest person living on Planet Earth.
Garth didn’t see Risa kiss his lips in the moon light. She continued to wash and relived that exciting moment which was this morning's birthday present from Cinta, who was her best girl in the world.
Risa was intrigued with that weird dream during her kiss with Garth. Her mind tried to recreate the colorful image and as she continued to suds with the fruity bubbles over her body smelling like a barrel of green apples, before her three o’clock birthday party. 
In her dream, cute and sexy Garth was standing over Risa like she was dead or something.
Inside the shower, Risa stood underneath the running water, letting the bubbles drain down the pipe while shaking her wet curls. She whispered. "I am not dead or plan to die soon or later. In my weird love dream, I was wearing my dark blue cowgirl boots and Garth wore his silver tinted belt buckle around his waist. I have seen his silver tinted belt buckle around his waistline for years. But I do not own a pair of girly dark blue cowgirl boots ever and never. In my love dream, Garth smiled at me and stated in his sexy voice, 'Be mine little cowgirl.'"
Risa giggled and shouted out loud. "Yes. Yes. Yes,” She practiced her rehearsed speech in the bath shower, when Garth would ask her for a kiss at her seventeenth birthday party. Garth and she seemed to meet on the same mental level this week. She washed the shampoo from her hair roots and her eyeballs finishing her bath with a smile.

At 04:46 pm, before the redneck hoe down started and during the last minutes of the kiddie entertainment show in front of the rows of exhibitions during a cool afternoon on November, the ninth, Risa wore a lavender tinted, short-sleeved tee shirt, a pair of skinny dark blue, shredded jeans, and a pair of black and purple cowgirl boots, staring down at the target, whispering for her eardrums only, "Stupid!" She stood in front of the kiddie exhibition and tossed one of the baseballs down into the gigantic mouth on a plastic-coated purple dinosaur, so the little girl, who stood on top of Risa's boot toes, could win a set of medium-sized stuffed animals that her teen ketchup-stained fingers could carry inside her two dirty folded arms. Risa pitched another ball down into the hole with success as the surrounding kids squealed with delight sounding like a litter of piglets. Risa looked down and forced a goofy grin for more teenly torture from each one of the wild loud kids.
The female exhibitor handed out the rest of the stuffed toys to each kid wrapping up the last kiddie show, before beginning the adult entertainment with the popular Hoe Down dance that lasted until nine pm, because all the invited guests and the birthday girl had to get up and go to the church service at eight am on Sunday morning.
Risa sidestepped from the exhibition into nothingness. Her princess duty had been completed. She spun around and then smiled. Her father enjoyed her birthday party more than his daughter. He was helping four of the kids at one of the exhibition games and laughing out loud with fun.
A pair of manicured hands with fingertips in yellow hue reached out and grabbed the arm on Risa and as the voice asked with concern. "Are you okay? You look kinda p..."
"Pooped, bored and sad." Risa spun around and frowned at her friend Cinta.
Cinta wore a pair of faded and shredded blue jeans, an orange tinted tee shirt, and a pair of brown and green cowgirl boots, nodding with a stern face to her friend. “What are you sad about, birthday girl? Your party is a hit with everyone.”
She spun back around with a sour frown and slowly moved ahead towards the rear patio on her residential home, where a table stood and held numerous standing and sitting adults that observed and assisted the hired staff with all of the young children, who enjoyed the fun row of exhibitions.
The people at the table continued to direct the sooth movement of each event coordinating the setup and the break-down of each old event for the one new. Right now, a staff of males and females were quickly taking down the rows of kiddie exhibitions, working the finish touches on the upcoming Hoedown dance for the pre-teens, teens, young, mature, and some of the mobile senior citizens of Apollo.
The annual birthday party was a grand event for Risa and the town as her parents, her dead grandparents, and her dead great-grandparents were natives of Apollo. In a small town, everyone knew everyone else, since birth.
Risa was the birthday princess for the day and the night and was not required to work with her limbs or order with her tongue but enjoy the day. She needed to change her dirty clothes into her new dance dress and veered from the rear patio, slowly padding around the side wall on her home, frowning with annoyance. “I'm sad that I don’t have a real birthday party with bigger boys and girls, not children.”
Cinta dashed ahead with a smile and bumped into Risa for fun, slapping an arm around her friend with giggles, “Awe, angel! I'll toss you a college party with boys and beers, next year!” She grinned.
She laughed with a nod. “Next year, I’ll be drunk on alcohol, having wild sex with some cute college boy…”
Cinta halted beside the row of naked stems of dead flowers on the side wall of the house and viewed the back spine on Risa. “Risa, I can’t believe you confessed that lie to me.”
“How do you know that's a lie, honey?” She slowly continued ahead and laughed out loud.
Cinta dashed ahead again and collided into the rib cage on Risa, mouth spitting into the cheekbone on Risa. “I am going to be your roommate in that rental apartment there in that city of Birmingham and I have sworn a secret oath to your biological mother that particular sweaty scene will not happen in that rental apartment to her little girl.”
“Party poopy!” She laughed and turned the corner on her house, stomping over the flat front porch without the party decorations or a party attendee. A line of farm equipment blocked the front driveway access, so none of the party attendees could break inside and enter her house for fun or for food or for sleep or for another nasty event.
Risa and Cinta walked side by side on the wide front porch and moved towards the front door.
Cinta frowned. “Party pooper.”
“Naw! Party poopy.” Risa reached down and wrestled the house key from the depths of her skinny pocket on her skinny jeans, laughing out loud, pointing down at the tiny pile of brown substance on top of the vanilla concrete, “I think that's a pile of dog shit coming from one of the roaming puppies.” She jerked out the house key and slid the item into the latch, opening the front door, entering her home first.
Cinta laughed out loud and followed the back spine on her friend. Risa was a true and tried cowgirl, who owns about fifteen pairs of cowgirl boots. She collected a new pair of cowgirl boots like a city slicker chick collected designer hand bags.
She moved through the foyer space and turned the wall corner, stomping nosily through the quiet house. No one was at home. Her parents didn't allow any party members inside the house. The air temperature was slightly warmer than the cool afternoon weather. Risa turned and climbed the steps pounding the naked wood in silence.
Cinta followed Risa and climbed the staircase also, smiling with excitement of the dance. "Which dress are you wearing for the Hoedown?"
“I don't know. But I need to dump these dirty boots, before I’ll chase off all the beaus…”
“What beaus?” Cinta laughed.
“The ones that I have already chased off,” She laughed out loud and padded down the hallway entering her room. Risa didn’t have a boyfriend and would not have one at the end of tonight either as her parents watched their daughter dance moves, social moves, and teenly moves, until nine pm, when the party ended and all the cute teen boys went home too.
Cinta giggled and followed behind Risa, entering the bedroom, stopping in front of the open closet. “Naw! That’s your father's rightful doing all on purpose. That’s the role of a dad chasing off each hunger wolf from his precious little baby lamb. Let's find you a dress for the dance.” She smiled and examined each piece of clothing.
Risa continued ahead and plopped down on top of the messy bedcover in beige colors with rows of yellow flower on green stems. Her mother adored the color of yellow. Risa mumbled down into the fabric. "Why?"
“For your beau …” She giggled and pulled out the first dress in pink hue, measuring the item on her body first.
She continued to mumble down into the fabric. “What beau? What have you planned here or there or everywhere, Cinta?”
“Nothing!” Cinta smiled and tossed the rejected dress in pink at the bed mattress and the back spine on Risa. The dress swiftly sailed through the air and hit the edge of the bedcover, clinging for its fabric life. 
Risa did not move but mumbled down into the fabric. “Cinta!” She was not worried about alerting her parents, who were outside with the adults and could not overhear Cinta's dangerous teenly plans. Outside the glass window in Risa's upstairs bedroom, the group of loud laughing, screaming, and wild children were slowly herding towards a row of buses, vans, and trucks for a short trip down the private driveway towards a second barn, where the children could sleep or eat or play with toys or engage in digital games for fun, until their parents had finished dancing and socializing with the other adults at the birthday dance.
“Nothing! I promise with bows and ruffles across my lavender blouse, since we both love the color of lavender.” Cinta selected a third dress in pale blue and measured the flock on her upright body first, not liking the format, tossing the dress in the air over her blonde tinted hair roots. The dress soared through the air and hit the edge of the mattress without dropping down on the floor, while clinging to its fabric life also.
She still did not move but mumbled down into the bedcover, “That is an encrypted answer, which means, an encrypted event for me. This is not the night to toss a firecracker into the boiling chicken stew, Cinta. My mother is not and will not and could not be in a good mood ever this evening, since her leg aches with pain while taking all her misery out on the hired help, not me, yet. So, please, stay clear of her eye radar, tonight, Cinta.”
Cinta removed a fourth dress in black and a fifth dress in orange hue, shaking her curls, tossing each rejected item over her hair roots, hitting one of the other dresses on the edge of the bed mattress. She reached up and selected a new dress. “Your mom doesn’t still care for my person. What's up with that, Risa? I'm pretty and smart and southern.”
She did not stir and mumbled down into the fabric. “Umm! I might be related to the fact that you took all of her cash money in the summertime …”
Cinta tossed the dress in light green hue over her hair roots and hit part of the new clear edge on top of the messy bed mattress, reaching up with a smile, tormenting each clothes hanger, “I tutored you this past summer. You passed with an average academic letter grade of C in your geometry course, so you didn't fail the eleventh grade, without me. That’s an average academic score for any average high schooler, like your person, here in the State of Alabama. What more does your mother want from me?” She tossed the dress over her hair roots and hit down in the wide stack of other rejected dresses.
Risa flipped over on her back spine and smiled with her deep secret looking up at the white wooden planks on her high ceiling. “Yeah, right! You did a good job tutoring me for that pretty good academic letter grade of C, Cinta. But, my mother is an overachiever within her long life and expects her daughter to become an overachiever, not underachiever. My mother wanted to see the academic letter of B or better.” 
Cinta had accepted the wad of cash money from Mrs. Patillo and had not tutored Risa properly during the summertime days, like Beck had done. If Beck hadn’t helped Risa, she would have been repeating the eleventh grade, without her friend Cinta and her buddy Beck.
Risa slid down off the bed mattress and caught her body, standing upright with a smile, moving towards the entrance wall and stopped in front of the tall chest of drawers. She pulled the second drawer. “I’m going to wear a clean pair of jeans and a clean colorful tee shirt, without the girly  pre-teen bows or buttons or ruffles or ribbons. This is the outfit of a maiden teen girl, without a beau. In which, she attends her dance party inside her father's horse barn.” She dropped the jeans over her collar bone and closed the drawer, opening a new one, searching for a clean tee shirt for her birthday party dance. Risa found a pink tinted clean tee shirt and draped the soft item over her hair roots, spinning around, without seeing Cinta. “Fiddlesticks, Cinta! I can’t date a boy, since I’m grounded until whenever.”
At the open closet, Cinta continued to select a new dress and then rejected the pretty item, flipping the flock in the air and over her hair roots. It landed down on top of the bed mattress. She was slowly creating a pile of pretty fabric on top of the messy bedcovers. She reached up and selected three different dress in the colors of silver, indigo, and red, shaking her curls at the three ugly items. “Not this! Or this! Or that!”
Risa slowly padded ahead to her bed mattress and whined with annoyance to her best friend, “And my mother has ordered me to retake the college entrance examination test in the month of January guaranteeing that I get accepted into Birmingham University. Is it that hard to get into a college? I thought everyone went to college for fun and beer while escaping away from their annoying parents. What was your score on your college entrance examination test for Burn U?”
“Zero.” Cinta tossed all three dresses in the air and over her hair roots, hitting the growing pile of pretty items, selecting a new dress. “I’m taking the test with you. When is our upcoming hot date, sugar?” She giggled and shook her curls, flinging the new dress of dark green in the air over her hair roots. The dress soared through the air and landed down on the pile of pretty items in silence pain.
She stopped at the bed frame and ripped off the tee shirt, gasping in alarm, staring at the collection of scattered clothes that drooped down from each hanger resting on her bed mattress. Earth gravity was slowly tugging some of the fancy fabric sideways, instead upright on her bed. “I have a great idea, Cinta. Pull all my clothes out the closet at once! Then, when you reject each hanger, you can place it and the dress neatly back onto my personal wardrobe clothes rack, instead of tossing it on top of my neatly made bed mattress, which I’ll need to use to sleep on tonight. And the next college entrance examination test in the month of January, next year. I thought you said that you took …”
“What’s this?” Cinta gasped in shock and pulled out the dress, measuring the item onto her body first, touching the delicate fabric with a smile. She spun around with confusion and faced Risa. “The dress is brand new and still displays the sale tag on the neckline. Why is that, girl best?” The sleeveless short dress was colored in purple hue with a V-shaped neckline on a lace bodice and a flared smooth matching skirt that held a matching purple crinoline at the fitted waistline.
“O! That old thing!" She laughed out loud and flipped her hand in the air, slamming her leg, staring at the new dress. "That's my new junior prom dress for my junior prom dance.”
“O! The junior prom dinner and dance that you didn't get to attend in the month of March, which was eight months ago.”
She continued to frown at the pretty dress. “Yeah, that one! I got grounded from attending my junior dance and dinner in the month of March for making an academic letter grade of F in my American History course, in which, I had made it magically rise up into an academic letter grade of D, when I had pasted like a zillion pictures of army folks bombing the crap out of each other in each official US war from the time period of 1812 into present day. I had decorated, like a first grader, using a pair of scissors, gallons of glue, and tons of sticky tape the colored and un-colored pictures into three great big fat notebooks and presented to our female American History instructor. She was pleased. My mother was pizzed.”
Cinta nodded with a stern face to her friend. “Yeah, I remembered your flight disaster! That prom night comes only once-per-year as a once-per-junior student and is never to be repeated for the rest of eternity as a sixteen year old teenager.” She frowned. “Your parents were really mean not letting you attend your only junior prom dance and dinner. And if you hadn't gone shopping with me that Saturday afternoon, right before that Saturday night prom dance, then you could have been come home with a pair of new cowgirl boots, instead of not studying for your American History test. You should not never fib to your parents, Risa. That’s not right as child to a parent, that does love and care for your person, since birth.” She looked down and pressed the dress against her rib cage and two big breasts. Risa and Cinta were the same height and the same weight, if you excluded the two big breasts on Cinta, but the purple short dress did compliment her long blonde hair.
Risa exhaled with annoyance at the dress. “Geez! I know all that now. But I told a little fib. My junior prom dance and dance was a great big fat thing, to me.” She reached down and touched one of the dresses feeling depressed about her life and her birthday party, without a date.
“Why didn’t you take the fancy dress back to the store, Risa?” Cinta scooted sideways with a smile and spun around, staring at her body in the full-length mirror while admiring the delicate fabric.
She exhaled again. “Because, they don’t know about that fancy dress in purple hue.”
Cinta spun around and gasped at her friend. “What!” She swung back around and stared at the dress in the mirror. “Okay! The question is: how come your mother doesn’t know about this cute prom dress?”
She spun around with a frown and sat down on top of the messy bed mattress, ripping off each boot and dirty sock, slowly undressed from her dirty clothes. “I was going to pretend to buy it first, then really use it second for my fabby time at my first and only junior prom dance, which will impact the rest of my teens years foreverly.”
“Risa, you’re lying, again.” Cinta dropped the dress down into the side chair beside the mirror and ripped off her skinny faded, shredded blue jeans, her lavender colored tee shirt, and her pair of white and orange cowgirl boots, swiftly dressing in the new flock, touching the edges of the fluffy skirt with giggles.
“Whatever!" She leaned down and ripped off the dirty jeans, touching a new object inside a wrapped box with green and gold colored paper, sliding down on top of the carpet. She spun around and reached out, grabbing the object with a smile. "O! How pretty! I love presents. I found a birthday present underneath my bed frame,” She opened the gift and pulled a pair of cowgirl boots, staring at the dark blue color, gasping in shock. The pair of cowgirl boots had matched her love dream that also held Garth.
Cinta nodded with a smile at the new dress on her body and quickly stole a pair of cherry colored cowgirl boots from the side wall next, sitting down in the chair, sipping them over her clean socks. She stood upright with a smile and stomped each foot down into the smooth leather for her night of two-stepping with her boyfriend Bobby Jack, admiring the dull shine in reds and purple hues in the polished cowgirl boots that matched her new purple mini-dress. She looked up and frowned down at the hair roots on Risa. "Did you wash your hair, Risa? Your dark hair strands contain yellow strands of hay making your roots looks dirty. But I do like your new boots. They're a pretty color coming from your parents." She scooted over in the new dress and the pair of boots, spinning around with a smile to face the open closet, selecting a dress in rose hue for Risa. She swung around with giggles and tossed the dress in the air towards Risa.
Risa quickly dressed in a new pair of socks and stood upright from the carpet, looking down with a smile, stomping her socked feet down into the soft leather for the dancing in the Hoedown. “Perfect fit!” The dress hit her face draping over her collar bone. She whipped the dress off her face and smiled down at the color, quickly dressing for her birthday party dance. The dress displayed a sleeveless bodice in girly soft lace print with a heavy, non-flared matching satin skirt that cling down to each hip bone and a soft velveteen matching colored bow in the front of the fitted waistline.
“Time for your grand entrance into the dance!” Cinta slowly moved ahead with a smile and faced the open archway in Risa's bedroom.
Risa looked up and brushed all ten fingers over her dark brown colored hair strands without touching her hairbrush, smiling at Cinta. "I washed my hair. I must've gotten some hay strands from all of these dirty kids. Is the hay outta of my hair, now, Cinta? My dress looks great on your slender figure. There's a big bow on the back of the waistline also. Are those my cherry colored cowgirl boots too? They look good with the purple hue in the dress and your long blonde hair strands, Cinta."
She giggled. "Thanks for the dress and the boots, girl best!"
Risa turned with a smile and scanned the messy bed mattress that held a large assortment of her dresses from her closet. “Cinta, what about the medical condition of my bed mattress?”
“Let’s go and get dancing, girl best!” Cinta exited the room and stomped down the naked hallway of wooden planks, shuffling her boot soles with a hum.
She exhaled with annoyance and turned to face the open archway, dashing from her room, dancing behind Cinta and down the staircase.
They both hit the bottom floor and danced with fun and giggles towards the foyer room, exiting the house. Risa remembered to lock the door with the help of Cinta. Then, they both danced over the front porch with giggles, turned the corner with smiles, and danced down the side wall singing out loud with teenly fun. 

At 05:29 pm, they turned the next corner on the house, Cinta gasped in shock and raced ahead, without Risa, playfully colliding into the back spine on her boyfriend Bobby Jack. She back stepped and acted shy from his body, battering both of her long blonde colored eyelashes at him. He spun around with a gasp and then smiled at his girl, hugging Cinta into his chest, pulling back with a wink. They softly whispered with a set of sweet words and spun around, moving into the barn interior without Risa.
Risa slowly moved ahead and exhaled with depression feeling jealousy of Cinta, staring at the teen couple.
Her father collided into Risa and then pulled back, nodding with a smile. "You look like the birthday princess. Let's go and meet your birthday subjects," he extended his arm to his daughter. She accepted and moved with her father through the yard, greeting and meeting all of the familiar faces that she had seen for years, including the hired farm workers. All of farm workers came with a spouse and their grown children, who were adults with their own children too.
Yeah, Risa was that old.
She slowly rotated in a semi-circle over the part dirt and part grassy lawn of last autumn while peaking a female cheekbone, shaking a male hand, and tweeting a kid’s nose with her finger and thumb, without any visual boogers or silky running snot. The ugly boogers and green snot made her stomach flip and then flop and then she produced green vomit from her esophagus. She smiled with a nod and a few words of hello to each citizen, slowly moving with her father inside the barn interior. Usually, her mother stood on the opposite rib cage on Risa during the birthday entrance, but not today.
The interior wall inside the storage barn was refinished with solid panels of natural wood without decoration. Her father allowed birthday stuff around the entrance doorway holding colorful balloons and long colorful paper streamers, but each wall was bare. Against each wall, an object stood with purpose. On each side of the double-side entrance doors, one long table held all of the food trays. The other table displayed all of the wet and cold beverages for each guest. 
Each side wall held a long row of mis-matched colorful cloth chairs, long sofas, loveseats, and a couple of wooden rocking chairs for the guests also. The rear wall held a line of musicians underneath the loft ceiling. No one told them about the Wolf spiders and the Wolf spiders seemed to enjoy the musical show, without attacking and sucking out the blood from each human band members.
In the middle of the wooden floor, some of the happy couples enjoyed slow dancing with the soft musical song with their sweetie while waiting on the birthday princess.
The crowd slowly mumbled with the arrival of the princess and then parted away from the archway, forming a semi-circle around the edge of the dance floor, staring at the birthday princess and her father. Risa entered the barn floor with her father and waved with a smile to the rest of her friends, stopping and faced her father in the middle of the floor. The musicians sounded with a loud fanfare for the start of the slow-moving waltz for Risa and her father.
The first true dance was always with her father, a traditional birthday feet stomp, when she had stood upright in her pink cowgirl boots at her first birthday party of one years old with her friends. The second dance was with her father again. Her mother could not dance to the second musical tune with her bump leg. The fiddle reached the high note. Her father stopped and motioned for the rest of the guests to dance with them. After three consecutive dance sessions taking five minutes each, her father stopped his steps and leaned over, gently pecking the middle of her forehead, like he had done for years, pulling back with a smile and a whisper, “Happy birthday, Risa!”
She grinned with happiness and whispered back into his sweaty face. “Thanks, Dad!”
“Enjoy the rest of your party, pumpkin!”
“I will.” She nodded with a fake smile as the live music ended. The live musicians shuffled the music sheets for the next tune. Risa back stepped from her father and spun around, moving quickly towards the beaten green tinted beverage cooler beside the table, looking for a beer…naw…a soda. She opened the lip and grabbed a cold one, standing upright, spinning around into the wide open arms on Garth. Risa looked up and giggled with delight.
Garth grinned with a goofy smile back to her too like he might knew something about that stolen kiss from his lips this morning at midnight. The musical song sounded with a fanfare signaling the next set of dancers. He smiled at Risa. “Do you wanna do the two-step with me, Risa?”
“Yo, boy!” She scooted the wet soda can across the table surface, without breaking his lovely embrace from her arms. He shifted his stance sideway to her left while releasing his left hand from her right arm, gently shifting his hand, grabbing her left hand and tugged her across the wide floor towards the front of the band, which was about the only descent spot for a couple to dance.
In the nicknamed cuddle two-step maneuver, the partner couple holds both their hands, all the time, while swinging the girl body all around the guy body, kinda like twirling a baton, but not dropping it down on top of the grass. So, the dance couple needs five feet of body width on each other of their rib cages to perform that proper dance routine which doesn’t allow for hundreds of couples to invade the floor space.
The storage barn is 2,000 square-feet of empty space, including all of the food tables and the line of band members with the line of furniture pieces hugging two walls that can accommodate sixteen dancing couples.
Garth and Risa appeared and formed couple number fifteen. Young adults, Mr. and Mrs. Rubin floated ahead and stood beside Risa completing the wide circle.
Risa spun around and stood with her rear bone skull, back spine and fanny at Garth staring at the side wall on the circle, slicing her eyeballs to the other female dancers, which were comprised of mature couples, like her parents, and younger folks, like her and Garth.
The fiddler plucks the musical one. Then each pair of kneecaps started to bend and bounce up and down in place. 
Risa leaned over and rubbed her fanny against his jeans feeling his heated and her happiness. Garth leaned down and crossed his arms around her breasts while entangling their arms, together, like a growing flowering vine.
Hey! That’s part of the dance formation, ya’ll.
Risa and Garth bounced up and down bending the kneecaps looking like a funky-shaped overgrown basketball while waiting on the first beat of the drum roll. Today, the dance did not use a caller to shout out each step instruction for the dance moves, since every girl and boy was taught by their parents as a child the fun two-step rhythm.
The snare drum rolled. Each pair of entangled arms lifted up and reached for the ceiling appearing like a wiggling snake. Each bicep was stretched taunt and tight vertical in the air together also.
Risa swung her body backwards on her right boot heel and faced Garth, wearing a big smile. He grinned with a goofy one. They continued to hold a set of entwined fingers within their open palms. She sliced her eyeballs to the side wall and viewed her parents in-between the shifting dances that nicely blocked his eyeballs from Garth. She rapidly jerked her left hand from his light gripe and tenderly tickled his left rib cage, which was perfectly exposed for her girly attack.
Garth jerked his chest to the left from her playfully fingers and giggled like a girl, sliding his boots on the outside of her girly boots, blocking her motions, shuttling his fine body closer down into her face, breasts, and hips, wiggling with delight. Risa giggled with the same delight.
The musical fiddle screamed in an array of high notes. Garth dropped both his hands around her waistline and gently lifted Risa two inches from the floor. Her breasts gently rubbed his chest. He swirled her air-borne body to the side as they entangled their arms again and twirled around the floor for the Dunlap Spin, where they held hands while turning their two upright bodies backwards like a mini-tornado and spinning on their boot heels together with the plucking of the fiddle strings.
Garth grabbed her right hand with his left and her left hand held his right. They slowly spun around while he pulled Risa closer into his side. She felt his right rib cage touching her body, since he stood six feet and one inches tall. She was five feet and eight inches tall while making them a good dance couple.
Garth used his index finger on his left hand tickling her rib cage. She giggled and tried to loosen any one of her griped fingers without success. He smiled wickedly and tightly held all her fingers grunting down in her left eardrum for his amusement.
The musical song combined the fiddles and drums.
They stopped the spin and then shuffled forward side by side still holding hands with their entangled arms and then slowly skipped over the floor in a full circle. Garth used his strong biceps and gently lifted her boot soles up from the floor by two inches.
They glided smoothly across the floor. He pulled Risa into his right side. The left side of her body overlapped his chest. She giggled for fun. He grunted down into her eardrum and then quickly spun them in a tiny circle while stealing a light kiss from her left temple. The kiss was nicely hidden from Mr. Patillo.
Mr. Patillo could not see Risa's lips, only her nose profile during the swift dance moves.
 She giggled with fun. The best dance couples spun around and then skipped over the floor in a circle as they had been dancing for many years.
Risa and Garth skipped over half the diameter in the circle. Then Garth spun them around for a second time while stealing another wet kisses on her left cheekbone. She giggled with delight.
They continued to dance ahead towards the next quarter mark.
Garth swirled Risa for a third time and then lifted her higher towards his jaw. She turned her face inward for the next daring kiss. Garth dropped his jaw too low and kissed her pointy chin instead. They both pulled back and chuckled at the missed opportunity. He quickly lowered Risa down to the floor, before her father viewed her missteps in the dance.
They skipped ahead and danced side by side towards their two original positions on the floor within the circle.
The fiddler played solo for the next cuddle two-step movement.
Garth and Risa stepped forward on a right boot, then tapped a left boot heel twice, then stepped backwards on a left boot heel, then tapped on a right boot toe twice. She stepped ahead on her right boot sole, turned to the left side, and paraded her body around Garth completing a circle.
Garth held and twirled her right hand inside his left hand. However, in the olden days of two-step dancing, a female wore a tutu-looking skirt that was paired with her cowgirl boots while only the edge of the fabric skirt touched her upright guy.
Risa didn't wear a multi-tiered tutu-looking skirt and continued to touch her guy with her body inside that rose colored satin skirt while she giggled with delight.
She continued to rotate around Garth and viciously slammed her left fist against his rib cage for her fun while he stood like a statue and took her girly abuse. She giggled. Garth grunted every time Risa slapped her folded fist into his taunt muscles while going all the way around his fine upright body, until she reached her original pose for the next dance movement.
Risa and Garth stood side by side for the next dance step. He lowered his tongue and attacked her left eardrum, saying in his sexy baritone. “You’ll pay for these pain punches, darling! I promise, cowgirl.”
She winked. “Those are my love taps, honey pie. And I wanna share some more violent moves with you, after our dance.” Garth chuckled as she giggled. The musical fiddle pinged in a high cord for swinging your dance partner.
Risa spun her body to the right and faced Garth, wrapping her right arm around his left arm. They danced and giggled while skipping around the pretend dance circle with a set of soft chuckles and then halted with the low musical note. They stood in their original position and then switched their arms around each other's body. The snarl drum rolled with a single beat.
Risa and Garth skipped around the circle with a set of chuckles and smiles, stopped, and then faced the open archway that displayed the twinkling stars and bright streaks of moonlight, stomping ahead on each boot heel like they were killing cockroaches in-between the floor planks. They reached five feet mark from the circle and then stomped each boot heel while dancing backwards towards their original position. They stopped in place.
Risa spun her body around and then faced Garth while flirting with eye winks and mouth pouts. He smiled and winked back with soft chuckles. The fiddler reached a new high note. Risa scooted beside Garth and wrapped her arm around his left arm, starting to skip around the pretend circle, completing one rotation.
Then, Garth twirled Risa around and danced them towards the open doorway, wiggling through the doorway as one creature into the night sky, then around the barn corner, into the dim lighted flooding against the horse barn side wall. A horse slept standing upright with their two eyelids closed and did not need a night light like a scary child.
They stopped and stood underneath the overhanging limbs from three trees as the beams of bright moon peeked in-between the thick branches. The musical song halted inside the barn interior. Other boot soles pounded the wooden floor for the next group of dancers.
Garth released both of her arms as both of them shuffled backwards from each other and stood in the quiet forest.
He leaned down into her smile with a whisper, “Happy birthday, Risa!”
She dropped her chin down into her chest, parking both of her hands behind her back spine acting slightly shy, like Cinta always did. This was the first time that I had ever been alone with a male near her age.
Garth was eighteen years old and Risa turned seventeen years old today. They both attended the same school and same grade but didn’t share the same click of friends. She was a band member. He was a jock on the football team.
She whispered. “Thanks, Garth!”
“I like your boots.” Garth smiled down at her nervous feet and slowly leaned down with his nervousness.
She jerked her knee up from the grass and in the air, showing off the dark blue hue, accidentally smacking his jaw line with her hard kneecap. He groaned in pain and slowly lifted up his face. Risa gasped in gasped and dropped her leg, reaching out, embracing her ten fingers around his two cheekbones. She felt the softness and gentleness on his clean shaven face with delight. “Sorry! I'm so sorry, I’m so sorry. Are you okay, Garth? Did I hurt you? Do you need something like a bucket of ice cubes or a raw piece of steak or a wet washcloth?” She acted like Florence Nightingale while still caressing both his cheekbones. “I’ll go and get you anything, you know. What do want, sweetheart? Anything, I promise.”
He released his jaw and wiggled the chin, placing his hand around her shoulders, leaning down into her face. “Can I get anything, cowgirl?”
She smiled with a whisper. “I promise, cowboy.” He slowly dipped his face down into her face. Risa smiled and parted her lips for a second kiss less than twelve hours from the same boy, leaning ahead into his chest.
Her stomach performed a set of flip flops with an array of invisible fluttering butterflies while her two legs slightly wobbled. He curved two his biceps and ten warm fingers around her shoulders, dropping both of his hands down around her waistline, pulling me closer to his soft lips.
Two strong hands swiftly grabbed the collar bone on Risa and rapidly pulled her back from Garth.
Risa gasped in alarm and then recognized the lavender perfume feeling strands of long locks tickle both of her naked arms. Cinta shuffled Risa away from her brother Garth and thrust Risa into her chest, spinning them around to face the yard lawn. Garth stood upright with a gasp and stared at Risa in confusion. Cinta whispered into Risa's eardrum. “Risa, your daddy is calling out your name and wondering your location. Why are you out here wandering someplace else, instead of two-stepping with all the young bucks, like you did last year at your sixteenth birthday party within his eagle eyesight? Hot dangling, girl best! You’re lucky that your mother is maimed with a bum feet or …”
“Daddy!” She whispered with worry. Cinta released the two collar bones on Risa and pulled up beside her friend with a smile, slowly padding ahead back into the barn interior. “It’s time to cut your big birthday cake, Risa.”
Risa pouted and swished her long hair clearing her dizzy head, looking over her collar bone at Garth. He slowly followed behind with a smile in silence. Risa returned back and whispered for her eardrums. “Fiddlesticks! Just when it was about to get good for me.” They entered the barn interior. Cinta veered away from Risa and joined her parents along with her brother Garth.
Risa smiled like a beauty queen and waved both of her hands like a Hollywood starlet to the semi-circle of guests, veering towards the side wall. The row of furniture pieces had been removed and replaced with a long square shaped naked wooden table that held a three-tier, vanilla frosted birthday cake with scattered clumps of tiny lavender tinted rosebuds. She stopped and posed beside her birthday cake. Her mother cuddled with her father at the end of the table, smiling at their daughter.
Her father nodded to the guests and shouted out loud while cuddling his injured wife. "We sing the birthday song on the count of three. One. Two. Three.”
“Happy birthday to you…” the musical voices blended lovingly for the start of the song.
The top layer held seventeen flaming red and blue fire of lighted solid white wax candles that drooled down on top of the white icing and was not eaten for safety as most sane people did not want to taste hot candle wax or Risa's wet mouth spit over their individual cake slice. The rest of the cake wore scattered piles of tiny lavender colored rosebuds hanging down from a green tinted set of leaves that had been slapped by the hand of three-year old children in a weirdo pattern against the delicate vanilla crème icing at different angels on the birthday cake, like the student had failed the geometry test.
She smiled during the song. Then all of the on-key and off-key musical voices ended. Risa leaned down and gently blew out only air molecules, not particles of food or her mouth spit over the seventeen flames, which were not trick candles as her parents were too serious about everything in life, without taunting their daughter in birthday humor.
Risa wished that they would sometimes.
The candle flames slowly extinguished into a column of white pillars of thin smoke stacks. Risa lifted up and held a long sharp silver tinted cake knife with all of her fingers, like an unidentified serial killer, wearing a goofy grin over her birthday cake. She gently attacked the creamy icing with the jagged teeth on the knife. Because, this was my birthday party and her mother had started this stupid tradition, when Risa was four years old and could hold the knife, without endangering her mother or Risa.
She pushed the sharp blade down into the soft cake that consisted of fifteen pounds of flour, sugar, and eggs, serving herself, since Risa was the princess for the night. She consumed the first big bite from her slice of cake with frosting melting down both of her lips. All of the invited guests and paid farm workers sounded with cheers, applause, and laughter while Risa smiled with a gooey grin, leaving the cake. The paid employee took over the job of slicing and then stacking individual cake pieces on top of the paper plates for the rest of the guests.
Risa spun around from the cake and moved ahead towards the entrance wall, wiping off the gooey frosting from her wet lips, purposefully picking out from the crowded floor the selected male Garth stood in-between two of his brothers while chuckling at one of their country hick jokes. Risa stopped in front of his silver belt buckle that matched the item inside her weird day dream, this morning. Garth had won the buckle in a cow rodeo near the city of Montgomery a few years ago.
Within the Warfield brotherly line, each brother bumped into the rib cage on Garth for attention. He reached down and crossed both arms over his rib cage from the non-violent punch, smiling down at Risa. The line of brothers scooted sideways and left the young couple alone on the entrance wall. Risa looked back over her collar bone at her parents, who sat in the sofa across the barn floor near the loft.
She swung back and winked at Garth. A golden colored finger pad reached out and struck my upper lip with a gently tap. Garth held his finger in gooey lavender frosting near his smile and winked at her, sucking on his wet finger. Risa stared in total shock and as her stomach leaped up into her empty throat and then twirled like a violent tornado, stopping her air molecules. She violently coughed from the suicidal choke.
Garth quickly removed his finger from his luscious soft pink lips and reached out, touching her collar bone, steadying her body with concern. “Are you okay, Risa?”
She nosily cleared her throat and whispered. “Yeah.” Risa giggled with silliness, since her brain cells could not operate and as her heart organ was banging against her chest cavity. Both of her palms were sweating.
“Risa!” A loud baritone timber hollered out her name.
She spun around and gasped in fear. Her father stood in the middle of the floor and held a shotgun upright on his left hip, motioning for Risa. She looked back over her collar bone at Garth, who stood in shock and slowly lifted both of his palms in the air, slowly back stepping from Risa.
She returned back and studied her father with the shotgun. The other guest had back stepped from Mr. Patillo in quiet fear and volumes of shock. Risa briskly paced toward her father and wore a stern face feeling emotionally confused, upset, happy, sad, glad, mad, and relieved that Garth was not dead on the entrance wall. However, Risa was miffed that she was not going to get another sweet kiss tonight in addition having to start her courtship process with Garth from square one tomorrow morning.
Her father held his free hand to his daughter and hugged her into his rib cage still holding the shotgun for her protection. Then he pointed the cool barrel on the shotgun at the side wall. The other invited guest quickly bumped into each other and then nosily shuffled away from the center of the room revealing a tall and wide cardboard box that was wrapped in many sheets of colored lavender. Someone had emptied the local Lo-Mart store of lavender gifting paper.
Risa smiled at the box and whispered to her father. “The gun ...”
“... is not loaded with any bullets. I guess, some body left it near the oats feeding bin. I didn’t want one of the kids to grab by mistake, but it makes for a great prop. Isn't that right, Pumpkin?” He chuckled.
Risa cut her two eyeballs at Garth, who had moved from the entrance wall but had dropped both of his palms, slamming his legs, staring back at Risa. She whispered back with a fake smile and returned back to her gigantic present. “Yeah Dad! That is a great prop!” 
Her birthday present measured eight-feet high by ten-feet long, and six-feet wide as and her set of active brain cells went blank regarding her gift.
“Go for it!” Her mother slowly clopped ahead from the sofa with her leg cast, holding a pike axe between her cupped hands and then stopped beside her husband while sliding the weapon in front her daughter. "Use this!" She laughed out loud with the other party guests.
Risa looked down and gasped at the deadly garden tool, quickly grabbing the item with two cupped hands. A pick an axe weighed fourteen pounds. She slowly stomped ahead towards the box noticing that the paper was not a tradition wrapped presentation, but some type of delicate paper mache. A paper mache product was composed of the lavender tinted of ripped pieces that displayed thousands of paper strips which had been glued together on the box by hand while creating the delicate packing on Risa's birthday gift.
She looked behind her collar bone and winked at her mother. The exterior cover of her present had taken days to create this lovingly piece of art work. Her mother nodded with a smile. Risa returned back and stood in place in silence while admiring the side wall which was taller than her hair roots on the monster gift, rearing back the pike axe over her collar bone and held her minty breath. She viciously slammed the sharp point forward and hit the pretty, weak wall making a small hole, jerking back the axe tool from the paper. Parts of the glued strips dropped down from the box and then settled on top of the wooden floor. She re-cocked both of her crooked arms behind her collar bone and held her minty breath again, swinging at the box, opening a second bigger hole in the wall of pretty lavender paper strips. More pieces fell down on the surface and as the weaken box structure shook sideways. Risa gasped in alarm and stared her present.
Her father waved his hand without the shotgun and shouted out loud. “Tear it down, boys and girls for the birthday girl!” The younger guests of pre-teens bounced up and down with excitement and then all of the teens, mostly males, raced and collided into the box, shaking the object, extending all finger nails. The group clawed and tore off the soft material which finally exposed her birthday gift. Everyone back stepped with a smile and admired the strange beauty.
“Terrain vehicle!” Risa continued to stand and held the pick axe while whispering with a smile, spinning around and handed the pick axe back to her father. “You get me a terrain vehicle, Dad.” He nodded with a smile.
Garth pointed with a smile at the transport, “And your birthday present is painted in bright lavender on the metal engine hood along with the four wheel fenders while looking pretty like you, Risa.”
“I went to this internet site and was able to build my own terrain vehicle, boys.” Mr. Patillo pointed with a smile and a nod at new transport.
“The vehicle holds two side-by-side seats and a steering wheel for driving. I want one, too, Mom, in the color of pink.” Vonnie Sue bounced up and down and pointed at the cool girly machine, “I want my terrain vehicle in pink metal, Mom!” She spun around and dashed back to her mother nodding her head, talking about the new transport.
“Wow! This terrain vehicle is an off-road transport into the rough and rugged meadows too!” Bobby Joe moved ahead to the front, stopped, and then tenderly patted the roof like a nervous stallion, nodding with a smile down at the engine hood, “Your vehicle travels on four low-pressure tires," He gently kicked one of the front tires. "You'll be sitting pretty in the pilot's seat, Risa!" He slid down with a smile into the driver’s seat and tapped the horn producing a loud beeping sound. “A red tinted soft leather steering wheel …” 
Billy Jack stood on the other side of the engine hood and reached out, touching each body part with a smile. “Looky over here! There's a front brush guard and a sissy colored lavender engine hood. The lavender can't be viewed too much behind the set of barred guard protectors over each one of the headlights. That’s good thinking, Dad, since Risa can’t drive worth sh …”
“Billy Jack, stop that!” Garth reached over and slammed Billy Jack on the arm.
Bobby Joe moved from Garth, stopped, and then stood behind the rear end on the transport. “There’s a set of guard protectors over the two tail lights along with a rear brush guard, in case, a set of moving thorny bushes happens to wander into Risa’s racing path. Hey! There’s a license plate that reads in large black letters: RISA. So, cool!”
Billy Jack shook his bone skull and continued to touch each part on the machine. “Well, she can’t. There's a sun top and two side mirrors for backing into the garage door, which Risa did her sports car ...”
Her father frowned at the back spine on his daughter. “What did Billy Jack say, Risa?”
“Billy Jack!” Cinta punched the arm on Billy Jack and smiled down at the new transport.
Bobby Joe slid down into front passenger seat and poke at the interior. “Check this out! There’s a gun mount in-between the steering column and installed glove compartment for your shotgun while killing a leaping deer and listening to your favorite country song on the embedded satellite radio along with a cup holder for your cold bottle of beer …”
“What did you say, Bobby Joe?” Her father frowned at the teen and placed the shotgun across his collar bone.
Billy Jack continued to touch each equipment feature on the new transport. “There's a flashlight holder, a wind deflector window, and a rear window with a set of low bed rails for securing all of those hay bales without falling off the roader.”
Bobby Joe opened the glove box and found the vehicle manual, reading out loud for each pair of eardrums. “Listen to these statistics regarding the mobile terrain vehicle! Bed capacity is 400 pounds and fuel holds 7.9 gallons.”
“A full tank with 7.9 gallons of gasoline in your terrain vehicle will cover seventy miles over flat terrain, Risa.” Her father smiled at the vehicle.
Billy Jack continued to sit in the pilot chair and turned with a smile to see Risa, waving his arm in the air. “The distance of 70 miles starts here at the homestead and then goes around your farm property about four times, so you run out of gasoline, like you did last summer in that old pickup truck. Do you remember when me and Bobby Joe were sent to rescue you, Risa, in the heat? You were covered in sweat bees and horse shit.” He laughed with the other guests.
Risa gasped in shock and reached over, slapping the collar bone on Billy Jack. "Thanks for the reminder, Billy Jack!"
What did Billy Jack say, Risa?" Her father frowned at the back spine on his daughter with puzzlement.
Bobby Joe pointed at the engine head. "This terrain vehicle houses a powerful engine that goes upwards to sixty miles-per-hour."
Her father nodded at the back spine on his daughter. "Risa, the maximum cruising speed around the farm will be twenty miles-per-hour over flat terrain and no more. Do you understand my driving requirements?”
“Yes, sir.” Risa smiled at her terrain vehicle.
Bobby Joe reached down and gently patted the bottom of the vehicle, nodding with a stern face. “The belly on this beast will only clear only twelve inches without stripping the oil pan or engine gears, Risa."
Billy Jack reached down and held his long naked arm twelve inches from the floor while nodding with a smile down at the floor. “Twelve inches is this tall in height, Risa. Since, you can’t properly add numbers or perform simple math skills or pass your geometry table on the first try. Twelve inches is one foot, girl. So, don’t go jumping over a row of tall green bean pods, because that’s over twelve inches, darling. And this baby won’t make the jump,” he jerked back and slapped both of his palms on the steering column while laughing with the other guests. Risa continued to stand and slapped her face with embarrassment, because she was lousy with all of her elementary, middle school and high school math skills.
Bobby Joe continued to read the manual. “Your terrain vehicle can tow 1,212 pounds of weight.”
Billy Jack placed his hand on a chin, “Hmm! That’s only six skinny defensive linemen. That’s not a lot of poundage for us, men, here inside this little machine.”
Cinta stood beside his brother Garth at the front of the engine and laughed at two teens. “Hmm! I only see a carload of rednecks little boys. Where are the men, again?”
Booby Joe tossed the manual back into the glove box and slammed the door shut, pointing to his friends. “Let’s see! There’s me, Bobby Joe, Davy Ray, Cinta, and Garth. We all weigh a total of 1,100 pounds. Now, we're too close to the maximum weight.”
“Works for me!” Davy Ray leaned down and sat down inside the shallow trunk space and as his two legs slammed the barn surface. The suspension groaned in metal pain.
Inside the pilot chair, Billy Jack waved both of his hands in the air and shouted out loud with laughter. “Hop on, boys and girls! Let’s go for a sweet ride through the bright woodlands! Crank up the motor, Bobby Joe!”
Bobby Joe leaned down and turned the ignition key. The huddle of birthday guests quickly danced backwards from the roaring engine. Two males sat in the two forward seats and two more males cuddled inside the shallow trunk compartment which usually held a pile camping equipment
Billy Jack leaned back into the front passenger chair and waved his arm in the air, shouting out loud. “Turn on the headlights, bro! Let’s see if we go and find that herd of female does. Yee-haw!”
Risa continued to stand in place and laughed out loud while clapping with her birthday guests at the carload of silly rednecks, watching the two taillights descend towards the woodlands.
Sunday, September 8th


Church location
Cool temperatures with bright sunlight
10:05 am


Risa slowly padded behind her parents towards the open church doors which stood open. The air conditioning system did not work, this week or last week. They had arrived late and last, as usual. Her mother needed to feed her favorite stallion, before leaving the house and arriving at the church, as usual.
Risa was busy typing at the tiny keyboard on her mobile telephone texting Cinta before and after the breakfast meal. She carefully walked ahead  without ensuring a toe trip, falling down, breaking her personal mobile telephone, because the phone would die first, before her cute button nose slammed down into the polished hardwood floor inside the church foyer, creating a tiny puddle of her red tinted blood proteins on the floor and over her lavender tinted jumper. Her jumper was paired with a white short-sleeved tee shirt and her new pair of dark blue cowgirl boots.
Her mother always liked to preach that Almighty God wanted each Soul nicely dressed for his service in his temple. So, Risa faithfully obeyed her mother and Almighty God as stated in Ten Commandment number five.
Her parents entered the foyer and moved into the large auditorium of blaring music with Risa behind their back spines.
Her eyeballs lifted upward and viewed Cinta, who sat on the end of the last pew with their high school friends, including Garth, and then nodded to Risa in silence. The auditorium held one hundred living souls throughout twenty church pews.
Her parents turned and moved down on the fifth church pew on the opposite side of Cinta, sitting down on top of the dark green velveteen cushion pad with a smile.
The preacher stood behind a tall wooden podium in front of the church and held a brown leather Bible in one hand, wearing a blue tinted tee shirt, a pair of blue jeans, and a set of polished green and aqua colored cowboy boots. He nodded to wife, who the church organist and then stopped the lovely music. he bowed his chin, "Let us pray!”
On the seventh church pew, Risa's mother did even bother to view Risa and reached over, gently tapping on the edge of the mobile telephone. Risa stored her phone down into the soft dress pocket which was part of her plan. This particular old fashioned, ankle-length frock of lavender displayed rows of bright light through the thin fabric strands while hiding her phone during church preaching, so Risa could read each one of Cinta’s text messages.
Cinta's parents were seated eight pews ahead of their daughter, without lecturing or bothering their child during the boring sermon.
On the seventh church pew, Risa turned her sitting body slightly away from her mother and looked down at the open music book, instead of staring at the preacher. The preacher finished the prayer and started singing with the piano music a new song. Risa continued to sit and sung on-key, on purpose, while knowing all the words and the rhythm of the old gospel song.
Her eyeballs lifted up and cut to the side wall, viewing a row of stained glass windows that narrated some type of biblical moments, darting to the opposite wall with more stained glass windows that actually blocked out all the pretty sunrays down into the church.
The row of glass windows glowed in an array of vivid colors including bold reds, greens, blues, yellows, oranges and touches of gold. However, the auditorium space felt dark like a creepy Hollywood movie set.
Her eyeballs rounded the space and stopped at beautifully arched cathedral ceiling, where no one had cleaned since the year 1819. Her eyeballs dropped down and as her face slowly turned in the opposite direction and glanced back over her collar bone viewing Cinta and the Garth, who both smiled and nodded back to Risa in silence. She grinned in silence, without alerting her mother's attention or angry or both motherly emotions.
Risa slowly stretched out her stiff neck muscles and viewed each row starting at number nine that contained member of the Apollo community. On the fifth row, the lines of Warfield clan members sat and stared at the preacher in silence.
The particular church tradition had been instituted by the Warfield clan, who occupied the first five pew benches on one side of the church auditorium. Sevens sons and their wives sat on pew numbers five and four. The row of cousins lounged on the third row. The Warfield aunts, uncles, and parents of Cinta occupied the second row. The matriarch of the family, Grandma and Grandpa Warfield sat on the first church pew and stared at the preacher in silence.
Her eyeballs returned back and then viewed the front five rows on her side of the church auditorium that held the entire Actworth clan, who resided with Risa in the small cow town of Apollo. Each clan member lived inside a wheelchair which occupied twice the body space of a regular person. Five wheelchairs stood in a single row. Each church pew bench had been removed from the floor while allowing for a double-wide space. 
Risa didn't have to stand on her tippy toes and could clearly see the rear skull on her classmate Beck in front of her face, on the sixth row. His wheelchair was parked on the end beside some of other high school students on the same pew.
In front of Beck’s black tinted hair cowlick, his six brothers and their wives lived in a wheelchair too, occupying the fifth and fourth pew number. His cousin lounged on third pew row. His parents and all of his aunts and uncles occupied the second row. Finally, the patriarch of the clan, his elderly set of grandparents sat on the first row.
Her eyelashes scooted sideways and stared at the third row of cousins Warfield and then cousin Actworth that sat slightly right across from each other and as her mind pondered the intriguing fact.
Each Actworth clan lived in wheelchair and possessed the same degenerating muscular disease that affected their two legs. Mrs. Actworth must have possessed and also carried the same gene mutation that crippled her legs and then she had passed the same medical condition down to another generation. 
Risa could understand Mr. and Mrs. Actworth desiring one biological child, but they had conceived and then birthed six more sons with the same genetic mutation.
She bowed her chin for the new prayer and then looked up, staring the preacher, who started his boring sermon of something in the Book of Matthew with something number inside something chapter number. She felt the silence vibration on her hip and looked down with a smile, reading the bright words through the thin fabric coming from Cinta's text and read in silence.


Do you need help with your school homework?

Risa quickly typed out a text through the thin fabric threads: Yes.

Meet me at the creek bottom in your transport and don’t forget your math book.


Risa softly giggled down at the text message. Her mother reached over and bumped Risa, without snatching up the mobile telephone. Risa looked up from her phone and faked a stern face at the preacher, exhaling with annoyance while hoping that her mother's leg healed faster making her a nice person again.
The preacher continued to preach flinging out both of his arm pointing at the ceiling while lecturing something at the podium.
Her mental thoughts only focused on the medical disease that had effected each member of the Actworth clan. She had not planned to become a medical physician, but a crop farmer, such like, her parents. However, her internal thoughts wondered if there was a medical cure for Beck and all of his family members.
One day, during the school session, smart bookworm senior high school student Beck had told the class that he planned to become a medical physician.
Risa reached down and jiggled the button on top of the overstuffed soft velveteen pew bench feeling the soft vibration inside her dress pocket, daring not to view her personal mobile telephone. She slowly stretched out her neck muscles over her collar bone and displayed an ugly frown at her friend Cinta while signaling in a silence telepathy from her active mind: Do not text me!
Cinta pinched her cheek for fun and softly giggled with silliness back to Risa. Garth frowned at Risa and then leaned down, reaching out, slapping the arm on Cinta with fury for getting Risa into trouble with her parents and sat upright with a smile to Risa.
Risa returned back with annoyance and slammed both of her shoulder blades back into the hard wood while feeling a state of excitement about her new birthday present.
This morning, at seven in the morning, Risa had rushed out from her slumber and dressed in her farm clothes, racing down the staircase, entering the kitchen and then halted with a gasp. Her parents had been present eating the morning meal with a cup of steamy coffee. At the breakfast table, with a plate of food, her father had continued to eat and shook his gray tinted cropped hair at his daughter's teen thoughts.
Last night, Risa watched the four redneck teens kidnap her terrain vehicle and then came back with a dirty engine hood and a set of muddy tires parking the vehicle inside another barn floor down the roadway. She didn't kiss her present or her future boyfriend Garth goodbye either. Then the party guest quickly left the birthday party for their children and their homes while Risa waved with both hands and blew a pretend kiss to each cute teen male for fun making their girlfriend jealous. Then, after leaving the party scene, while the hired helpers cleaned the yard and the barn interior surface, Risa and her parents entered their home, sitting down at the table still celebrating the last hours of the heated day.
At the breakfast table with small dishes of her day-old birthday cake, her parents shared the fun times at her seventeenth party last night and then next the serious information about her new terrain vehicle, including the care, maintenance, and driving rules. Risa did not roll her eyeballs but stared in silence at each parent. 
Her father nodded to his child. “Driving a terrain vehicle is different from steering a car or a driving a motorcycle. This particular model is a sports utility transport for outback driving on top of a flat land or over rolling hills with fun riding. It does have some good hauling capacity for toting stack logs of firewood or six bales of hay via the operator’s manual during performing some of the farm duties here on our ranch. However, you are under no circumstances to drive like those four rednecks did last night as you might get harmed or harm someone, including your person. Do you understand us, Risa?”
That was the queue to talk out loud, when asked a single question by an elder authority. Risa nodded with a stern face. “Yes, sir.” She quoted fondly for both love and respect of her biological parents.
“This model is not designed for mountainous uneven terrain and we are lucky we don’t have any mountains here in Apollo. That little cart has lots of new suspension travel, good load bearings, and lots of pulling capacity. I know these funny words don’t mean much, now, but it translates into a very important smooth ride for your delicate body over our flat farm land and it is not to be used for any reason or excuse on a public roadway, not even in-between our house and your friend Cinta, who lives closest to us. Do I make my words very clear here?”
“Yes, sir.”
Her father ended his lecture with a smile. “Good! A terrain vehicle is known to be hard on your back spine, sometimes, causing spine damage or bone jarring ride on your fanny. Do these words ring a bell, Risa?”
“Yes, sir.” She nodded with a stern face.
Each parent reached out and gently patted her dirty arm, nodding with a smile. Her mother nodded and then yawned with sleep. "Well, that's all and good, Risa. It's time for bed. We'll see you tomorrow for breakfast meal, sweetheart." She continued to sit as her husband slowly scooted off his chair and assisted his wife from the table, over the floor, and up the staircase into their private bedroom chambers.
Risa sat at the table and smiled at her new upcoming secret plan for tomorrow morning, eating her cake.

At 10:10 am, inside the church, on top of the pew, Risa felt the new silence vibration inside the pocket from Cinta's new text. She did not react and ignored Cinta’s new distress while pondering Beck and his new upcoming distress. How could Risa save him from the upcoming humiliation on the late evening of the Novena Festival.
There were numerous options available to Risa to replace pretty, snobby Lara Lee as the senior class Novena Empress representative. Risa didn't really like and was not even friend with Lara Lee.
So, Risa could ask Lara Lee to step down or beat the shit out of her face or kill Lara Lee and the hide the cold, blue-tinted dead body, somewhere on her farm property. Risa softly giggled with amusement the odd direction her brain functions for becoming the newest serial killer in the USA. Her mother reached over and bumped the elbow on her daughter.
Risa wobbled her curls sideways while pretending to listen to the church sermon and liked the last option but that option would also land her fanny down into the local prison jail cell that would not be nice and cozy with a set of ten fluffy marshmallows dancing on top of her cup of hot chocolate beverage that her mother served at the breakfast meal.
She quickly eliminated that option and then pondered the second option. Risa had beaten the crap out of Lara Lee on the third grade playground setting. Lara Lee had shoved Risa off the see-saw pad. Risa landed down on the hard soil, without crying in fear, but sneering in fury. Then, eight years old Risa stood upright from the dirt and plowed her dirty folded fist into the naked eye socket on Lara Lee as Risa had been taught by her father marking their permanent war-ship, not friend-ship, foreverly.
Risa was not a wussie baby either. So, she would kindly ask Lara Lee to step down as the newly class-elected Novena Harvest Empress. That idea was the safest and most logical option, which would work, if the hot gossip coming out from Cinta's pink tinted lipstick was true and the joke involved the rest of the senior students but Risa.
Else, Risa might be slamming forty-eight other blackened eye socket, including her friend Cinta. She slowly stretched her neck muscles to the side and glanced at Garth.
Garth liked Risa and wanted to kiss her last night which was a missed opportunity for him and her. Garth might become a good alley for Risa and might even threaten Lara Lee, if Risa poured on her sweet tea charm without the cup of tart tea leafs.
Risa returned back and then softly giggled, staring at the preacher without listening to the sermon. Her mother leaned over and again elbow her misbehaving teen daughter.

Six hours and thirty minutes later, at the current time of 04:31 pm, on the Patillo farm, back from the church sermon and the church dinner, her father followed behind Risa while still lecturing about the new terrain vehicle. “You are to travel only twenty miles-per-hour or less on top of even flat soil. If you happen to hit a few rolling hills, then you are to travel at five miles-per hour. Do you understand me, Risa?”
Risa stopped and stood beside her clean terrain vehicle. Her parents would not allow her to wash her dirty transport like night or this morning. She continued to pace ahead of her father with a wicked grin and reached down, touching the lavender painted engine hood with her index finger, tracking the smooth metal without the dirt and mud from the four wild rednecks last night on her new baby machine.
She traced her finger to the edge on the cool metal and tracked the tire fender on the left front wheel, slowly pacing around the rear bump, around the opposite side, sliding her finger and felt the smooth metal on the lavender tinted driver's door. Her hand stopped at the door handle and then gently squeezed the hard plastic like popping it a teenly protruded white tinted zit.
The latch cracked open.
She slowly opened the driver's door as the light breeze caught the light-weight metal teasing it shut again. Then she jerked the door open with a growl and her girly muscles. The metal squeaked fully open. Risa slid down into the cool lavender and cold leather seat that matched the outside paint job slamming the door shut, locking it tight. She reached up and slapped both of her cupped hands onto the round steering wheel, caressing up and down around the tough leather in red color while grinning with a wicked smile.
Her hand eased down and touched the single key in silver tinted hanging off a silver-plated galloping horse key chain, since she lived on  a horse and cow ranch. She giggled with love for her father and then twisted the key forward, igniting the engine. The powerful motor roared into life. She pressed the gas pedal without moving the stick into drive while allowing the engine to idol and then sucked on her matching lavender tinted motorcycle helmet over her long brushy dark brown tinted hair strands securing the tiny strip underneath her chin. She released the gasoline pedal and then jerked the gear into drive for her first pleasure ride in her pleasure roadster, without the road. Her machine performed a slow putt-putt crawling from the open double set inside the barn doors, into the bright sunshine and turned to the side, driving over the flat soil towards the targeted horse pasture.
Risa slowly chugged the machine up a small hill by pressing the gasoline pedal, feeling the engine roar. However, her father was watching Risa through his spying binoculars from the living room wide and long glass window.
Her back muscles tinged with extreme caution. 
Risa encounter her first true trail obstacle, a patch of plowed field of dirt from her forward horizontal pathway. She hit the first dirt pile at fifteen miles-per-hour and each tire actually bounced one-at-a-time up in the air like a rearing pony and then the right front tire came down and then the left passenger tire soared up and then down. The left back tire lifted up and then down bringing in the right back tire back down.
Her body bounced like a floor of loose basketballs released from the barrel and as her open bottle of water wiggled up and then spilled down into the cup holder. She released the gasoline pedal and then slowed the engine speed down towards five miles-per-hour. The pleasant meadow field was a rough-go forward like climbing over a series of tiny ant-like mountains in the plowed crop field, before Risa could reach the flat grassy plane.
The four tires bounced up and then down and then side to side and as her inner organs loosen from the tissue walls.
Well, her body felt like it.
The pair of passenger back tire rolled over the flat ground. Risa yelled out loud and covered her body with the net webbing for protection, kicking the engine into the maximum speed and raced ahead like a jungle cheetah. 
She sat upright over the steering wheel column and planted her boot sole firmly down onto the floor board while bending down her kneecap. She stomped the other boot sole on the gasoline pedal that hit the floor board and as the aerodynamic wind blew through the nose guard whistling like a  USA fighter jet and slapped both of her two exposed eyeballs, her open mouth, and her parted lips. She needed a pair of sunglasses and a jar of petroleum jelly, because her pair of lips was going to become red and raw during the ride.
Risa quickly glanced down at the speed-o-meter seeing that the little red needle struggled towards the fifty miles-per-mile. She continued to fight the wind drag over the rough, bumpy grassy plain and then knocked a few limestone rocks out of the vehicle pathway. She pressed her  boot sole and coasted more power as and the little engine roared louder.
She hit the property line clearing the busted fence post without fear or damage, sailing down the tiny hill with physics inertia. Risa eased her boot sole off the pedal, running into the soggy creek bottom, before her targeted rendezvous point, at the picnic table.
The two front tires hit the mud and sorta stalled out but started to slowly perform a putt-putt ahead, sliding the machine to the left and out of control. Her right rib cage and breast hit the steering wheel. Then her left hip hit the closed door metal while keeping Risa inside the moving vehicle, which was wonderful. She didn't have to explain why her body was covered in brown mud with a red bloody nose on her first outing at twenty miles-per-hour or less.
She swiftly tumbled to the side towards the other leather seat and then quickly compensated by twirling the transport to the right with defeat. The machine slid into a rotation pattern going around in a circle, without the gasoline pedal in the motor engine. Risa caught her breath and then slowed her rapid heartbeat coming from the scary impact of off-road racing.
Risa nosily inhaled then slowly exhaled calming her heart rate, producing a normal pulse, gently tapping the gasoline pedal. The torque from the motor pulled all the tires in a southern direction. The machine crossed a five-foot wide soggy mud. Risa gingerly pressed the gasoline pedal venturing towards two upright bodies, that waved and stood beside a naked wooden picnic table.
Risa greeted Cinta and her brother with a fake smile and a sore fanny, sorta slowing the machine and then halted the vehicle, killing the engine a few feet from the naked wooden picnic table that held four people on one long bench. Two people could cuddle on the shorter bench. The picnic table protected a tiny triangular-sized hut which was hollow and comprised of wood staves on the outside, instead of true dried animal skins. The interior compartment contained a wooden floor for sleeping or something fun, if the moment every developed. The hut was located on the Warfield property line on the southeastern corner of their farmland. 
Inside the driver's seat, Risa removed her helmet and placed the item on top of the passenger seat, nodding with a smile to Cinta.
In-between the naked wooden picnic table and a grove of tall shade trees, Garth fingered the sky and reached out touching his piece of astronomy equipment, nodding with a smile to Risa. “The sun position is the next nearest object, which is 93,699,454 miles, from Planet Earth. At the left on the sun, you can see the planet of Mercury, within the northern hemisphere, which is a one-third of the sun’s distance, from Planet Earth. A bit further to the left, Planet Saturn is currently visibly low, within the western sky and after sunset, if you are interested becoming a stargazer of the night sky, Risa. Off to the right of the sun, within the northern hemisphere, the two planets of Mars and Jupiter are visible in the morning sky, before sunrise,” he dropped both arms and slapped his walking shorts, turning with a smile to see the terrain vehicle. “I bet it's a plush ride,” he moved away from the tripod equipment with a smile and stopped beside the transport, reaching out, touching the dirt.
“Plush!” Risa faked a smile. The land ride was rough on her body bouncing her jaw line and all of her internal bones into rattling faster than a snake tail. Next trip, she would find and place a thick pillow-type pad on top of the naked plastic seat to comfort all of her rattling bones.
“Let’s ride, right here and right now.” Cinta raced ahead from the picnic bench and stood beside the driver's door, smiling down at the transport.
Inside the driver's seat, Risa did not move but lifted up, extending her girly lavender tinted helmet to Garth, winking with a smile. “Garth gets to entertain himself first, while we finish my homework, Cinta.” She offered the proposal and then planned to extort a kiss or two from his lips after the ride. Garth only smiled and eyeballed the transport with her cool suggestion, accepting the helmet.
She slid out from the driver's seat and back stepped from the machine while swaying her upright body, hoping to taste his mouth drool on her lips later. He dashed around the front bumper and then slid down into the driver’s seat, reaching out, patting the driver's console and steering wheel, without viewing Risa. He cranked the engine and then slowly performed a putt-putt towards one of the work wood shreds that housed cans of food and bottles of water for any type of woodlands adventure or a hunting trip during the proper season.
Risa smiled at the back spine on Garth. “If you do all of my problems, then you can drive the transport back home to your house. Do you agree, Cinta?” She spun around and grinned at Cinta.
Cinta continued to stand and frowned at the back spine on Garth. “Ugh! This  is blackmail, Risa.”
She spun around with a smile, moved ahead, and then stopped, standing beside picnic table that held an old-fashioned textbook and an old-fashioned pad of paper, pointing down at the seat. “Naw! Look! This is going to take me all night to finish all of my homework assignments, before our shared Monday morning class. So, please, just do all the problems for me. Then I’ll reward you with a driving lesson. It’s not as easy as it looks, Cinta.”
Cinta exhaled with annoyance at Risa and continued to stare at the back spine on Garth. “Both acts are blackmail and exhortation, Risa. You could make a good living as a con woman, thief, and bank robber if you fail all of your courses in college.”
Risa ignored the constant whine coming from her friend Cinta. Cinta would bend down to Risa's command as Cinta greatly desired to drive the transport. Risa moved ahead with a smile towards the hut which contained vertical lines of rough brown tinted tree bark on the outside. Inside the smooth floor, the wooden interior walls slowly veered upwards at a ninety degree angle and represented a triangular-sized structure. 
At the age of four years old, Risa had observed the older Warfield sons. Each son chopped down one tall tree trunk and cut up the log with a chain saw while wearing a silver-lined jumpsuits, a white tinted cowboy hat, and a face mask keeping tree sawdust from their two eyeballs, two nose holes, and two eardrums. Then each one nailed and hammered every vertical stave into a new picnic table with two long benches and two short benches and finally a cute wooden hut their sister Cinta to play inside her fairy princess tower with her good friend Risa.
On the side of the wooden hut, Risa reached out and stroked the dead squirrel skin at the bald spot that rested on top of the rough tree bark, sliding her naked finger onto the white soft fur. “I didn’t know an albino squirrel existed in our woodlands.” A new animal skin in black and white soft fur had appeared beside the dead squirrel skin.
Cinta quickly worked the ink pen on each problem and giggled with silliness, “Dead cat.”
“What!” She jerked her naked hand from the white skin and the black skin.
“When one of our old feline cats dies, my brother Owen likes to preserve their earth-bound memories. So, he comes here and nails up their dead, soft furry skins onto the hut.” Cinta chuckled and continued to finish the problems.
She gagged in disgust and spun around, moving ahead, stopping beside the astronomy machine, slowly strolling around the man-made object. “What’s this?” The stand contained three sets of feet down into the dirt. Garth was a straight laced and straight student.
Cinta continued to answer each math problem. “That's Garth’s stupid project for his workshop class, so he can get a good grade. Why bother with good grades is beyond my neurons? I wanna finish with school and start college with the real bad boys…”
“Bobby Joe is a real bad boy.” She smiled and stared at the equipment. On top of the vertical metal stand, a pair of pregnancy binoculars stood upright with a set of side bumps going around the each side and on top of the devise. “This a telescope. This telescope is really nifty.” Risa reached out and touched the cool black metal feeling the roughness on the metal texture like a puffy black tinted zits.
“Yeah!” Cinta continued to whisper and worked on the math problems.
Risa reached the lenses on the set of telescope and then bend down, sliding underneath the glass, looking through the glass through the bright sunlight and viewed a red tinted horse barn structure. She gasped in shock and jerked her two eyeballs from the lenses, looking up to see the ground, viewing a physical red tinted horse barn without her vision. Her brain cells knew that horse barn was two miles from her present position. She frowned at the meadow. “How far does a person’s normal eyesight see, girl best?”
Cinta continued to work on the math problems on the notepad. “The curvature of Planet Earth gets in the way of your eyes, so you can only see in a straight line at 2.9 miles using your normal eyesight while dust, water vapors, and pollution in the air waves let you see no more than 12 miles, even on a clear day. On the top peak of Mount Everest, your eyeballs can see 211 miles since the fog of thick clouds do block some of that long distance. If you look up into the stars on a clear night, you can see the Andromeda Galaxy with the naked eye which is 2.25 million lights years away. Or if you perceive that an object is a twinkle of light, which is called an arc-minute of a sub-tend angle, which is one-sixtieth of a degree, then the full moon is 30 arc-minutes across while Venus barely covers one arc-minute across …”
She turned and frowned at Cinta. “What babble is that, coming from your lips, Cinta?”
“For your simple mind, Risa, you can see two bright headlights on a moving automobile at two miles and I am all done with your homework. You own me mega big time for this job.” Cinta stood upright from the picnic bench and scooted out, spinning around, staring out into the meadow field of unplowed dirt.
She moved ahead, stopped, and stood on the opposite side of the picnic table, spinning the notepad around, gasping at the information. She pointed down at the paper, “These are only the answers ...”
“The right answers …” Cinta continued to stand and watched Garth.
She frowned and studied the answers. “I will only get half of the work credit in my algebra class, without showing all of the math work, behind the right answer, Cinta.”
“You blackmail your way. I ransom my way, girl best.” Cinta smiled. Garth pulled up in a shiny clean terrain vehicle and parked in front of Cinta as the lavender paint twinkled in the heated sunlight.
Risa looked up and gasped in shock. “You cleaned the thing. Thanks, Garth!”
He continued to sit and reached out, patting the metal on the shiny door with a smile. “The transport has a good power curve with nice nimble handling with a liquid-cooled, four-stroke power plant and an automatic CVT that gives you the option of high and low range in two-wheel drive and four-wheel drive. If you run on the low range, then your maximum speed is sixty miles-per-hour, but to engage the four-wheel drive, you need to slow down your speed of ten-miles-per-hour and below …”
Risa smiled. “Are going to become an engineer after getting an engineering major in college, Garth?”
He continued to pat the metal and smiled down at the transport, “Naw! I ain’t going to college. I’m a cowboy for the rest of my life, right here. All the controls are easy to reach from the driver’s cockpit that includes setting my open bottle of beer here and my shotgun there and all of my special gifts inside the glove compartment for those special moments…”
She gasped in shock. “What special moments?”
Cinta moved ahead and stood beside the driver’s door, reaching out, scratching her set of nasty kitty-claws on his naked bicep. She sneered at him. “Get out, right here and right now, Garth! It’s my turn!”  Garth exhaled with annoyance and clicked open the door handle, sliding off the seat, standing upright on top of the soil. She dropped down her bone skull and slid underneath his armpit scooting down into driver's seat, gunning the roaring engine. She drove off faster than the space shuttle towards the soggy creed bottom for fun and aggravation. Garth had spent his time washing the transport rather than steering the fun vehicle.
Garth spun around and frowned at the rear bumper on the transport. “I enjoy a smooth mellow ride while moving slower. Wonder, what it does in fast mode?”
“It gives your body a bone jarring mount.” Risa whispered for my eardrums and watched Cinta, who drove swiftly towards the soggy mud puddles.
He frowned as the pair of taillights flared with danger slowing the transport over the wet ground. Garth snarled. “I just cleaned your kart.”
Risa climbed on the bench seat and sat down on top of the naked picnic table, crossing both of her legs, staring at his back spine. “I just cleaned your kart.”
 He spun around and gasped in shock, smiling at Risa. She smiled back at him. He strutted ahead in her direction and stopped in front of Risa. “I’ll just do it, again.”
“I'll just do it, again.” She winked with flirtation while her friend Cinta enjoyed the transport. Her parents were enjoying the lazy Sunday afternoon. And all of her homework was done for the week.
He looked up with a smile and returned back to see Risa. “Hmm! It looks like rain. Some of the clouds are getting pretty dark. I didn’t like getting my tee shirt wet,” he pulled on the shirt. “I guess we should park our dry bodies inside the hut, until the storm threat passes.”
She turned with a smile and stared at the old hut. 
Years ago, Risa and Cinta had played and pretended to be a pair of cowgirl princesses that needed to be rescued while her and Cinta's parents roasted a grill of hotdogs and hamburgers during the summertime outing with the Warfield empire as the Warfield clan had birthed eight kids. 
Inside the wooden hut, the interior wall of wood measured eight-feet long by six-feet wide, and a funky ten-foot tall, which peaked like a mountain summit towards the wooden ceiling.
Risa returned back and viewed a cupped hand of golden finger coming towards her face. His hand grabbed a strand of her hair and as Garth laughed. "Are you going gray-headed, now, Risa?"
She gasped in shock and slapped his hand from her face, dropping her arm down on her leg. "What! What are you talking about? I'm only seventeen years old on yesterday."
He released her hair strand and pointed at her hair. "You got a gray hair that glitters among your dark curls. I was wondering, if you become gray-headed, before your time. That might impact my decision."
"No!" She jumped off the table with fury and spun around with a sour frown, facing the wooden hut.
He chuckled with delight. "Well, a little gray hair strand is okay with me," Garth moved ahead and cuddled her back spine, lifting Risa from the dirt, padding towards the hut, that did not possess an entrance door. She giggled with delight. The entrance doorway appeared in a triangle of wooden staves coming in and then out.
He continued to move ahead and leaned down, smiling into her eardrum. “You can’t drive a car. You can’t dance. You can’t eat your cake. What in tarnation can you do, little cowgirl?”
She tried to defend her honor with a cute remark but her brain cells only thought nasty mental activities with Garth. “Well, a cowgirl is good for something that a cowboy might know more about.”
“They are at that.” He laughed out loud and stopped in front of the triangle entrance way, pointing the interior wall. “You go ahead and head inside the hut first and spread out that folded blanket in the corner over the floor. The wooden floor kinda absorbs some of the captured morning moisture underneath the planks making the staves very cool on your hands.”
She leaned down and crawled into the floor. The cool staves felt wet on the her kneecaps and her palms. She wiggled her hips and then felt a tug on her foot, looking back over her collar bone to view Garth. He dropped down and grabbed her boot ankle. “Remove your boots! The dirt imprints on the wet wood leaving a bad odor.”
“Shore.” She spun around and sat down on her fanny, lifting up her leg, offering her boot sole into his face. "O! I found out what a cowboy is good for. He removes fine pieces of lady leather and lace on his girl.”
He smiled. “I see the leather. Where’s the lace, lady?”
“You're holding that too, cowboy.” She winked.
He removed each boot and then tucked down each sweaty sock into the interior pocket as Risa wiggled her naked foot and giggled with amusement. She outstretched her two legs touching his kneecaps while winking at Garth. He grunted with a grin of lust.
Risa slid backwards using her two biceps and her hips entering the hut, stopping in the middle of the floor. She spun around and stood in a cat-pose on her two palms and her two kneecaps on top of the floor, wiggling her fanny at Garth while slowly performing a priss ahead towards a stack of three folded blankets on the side. Garth chuckled at her cute performance.
She reached out and grabbed the folded blanket, standing upright on her kneecaps, back sliding her body into the middle of the floor. She unfolded the blanket and spread over the damp floor feeling the coolness from the moist staves on top of the floor and reached up, grabbing a second blanket. She placed over the first blanket feeling more warmth from the two pads.
The upcoming action will heat up this room and all of these air temperatures also.
She giggled with delight and crawled backwards across the two blankets, spinning around, sitting on top of the blanket and watched Garth.
He stood outside the hut entrance and danced around in the dirt removing the other boot with success, placing them down on the grass, leaning into the opening. He crawled ahead in a dog-pose with on his two palms and two kneecaps while grinning at Risa.
A set of invisible butterflies fluttered inside her stomach and tickled her organs with delight going all the way upwards into her set of tight lungs. Her minty sweet breathes grunted out loud, where her heart organ thumped so hard that she might faint from excitement and anticipation of passion. She blinked her eyelashes while signaling her brain cells to control her beating heart, but it wasn't working. Her two palms sweated and her mouth drooled with a tongue of thick salvia watching Garth. He slowly moved towards her and grunted with his manly lust.
She leaned over and shoved Garth to the side, landing on top of his chest and his legs, softly chuckling out loud.
“Hey!” He smiled at Risa.
She wiggled her body over his chest while giggling with lust. He reached up and tried to flex his two biceps. She quickly broke his hug and then reached out with a smile, grabbing the item, crawling back onto his chest as he grunted in pain. She opened her palm and presented a tiny green tinted lizard, smiling. “I saved the little fellow!”
He stared at the cute lizard. “You’re a sweetheart.” Garth chuckled and waited for her next girly move.
She quickly slid off his body over the slick floor with her lower body out the entrance archway, releasing the cute lizard down onto the ground, sliding back over his body with a smile and stared into his pair of dancing aqua pupils.
He hugged Risa and then flipped both of them in the air gently landing back down on top of the two blankets, slowly descending over her and then halted. He smiled and then started to dip his face down over her lips with a pair of dancing eyeballs
Her blinking eyelashes stared at Garth. Then his lips touched Risa tenderly kissing.
She closed her two eyelashes and felt an explosion within her mind, heart, and soul seeing an array of colorful fireworks. This was called love.
Garth parted his lips first from the warmth of her flesh as a string of coldness hit her lips reactivating her two eyelashes open. Risa stared at his goofy grin and presented her own goofy  grin back.
He slowly descended back down over her body, scooting his arm underneath her neck muscles like a human pillow, kissing her lips for a second time.
Risa enjoyed his warm kiss but did not see another mental vision within her mind, only an array of colorful fireworks that continued to block her mental thoughts.
He rested his entire weigh over her body that felt good thinking that he was crashing her rib cage. But her rib cage, her heart organ and both of her lungs worked perfectly find while cuddling Garth closer into her body.
He released his kiss from her lips, dropping down, playfully chewing on her nose and her jaw, kissing her neck for a few seconds and then slowly moved back up and kissed her cheekbone, her nose bridge and her forehead, lifting his face with a smile. “Well, I guess, I’ll save the rest on the honeymoon.”
Risa giggled and then frowned and as her neurons were dancing to a different beat than her heart at the moment. "What does that mean: save the rest on the honeymoon?”
“The honeymoon comes after the wedding at our church on Cedar Road.”
“Are we getting married?” She gasped in puzzlement and confusion.
“I’m glad you accepted my proposal, cowgirl.”
“Garth!” She frowned.
He smiled. “Cowgirl, I love you.” Risa struggled from his body and sat upright, staring at Garth. He sat upright beside her with a grin. “Let me explain!” He exhaled with nervousness. “I have known you, since birth. Well, we had not been born in the same year, since I’m one year older. But we had been birthed here in the same hospital, here in the same town, here in the same place and here in the town of Apollo. And here is where I belong. You teased me about college. I don’t desire to leave from here in Apollo to attend college anywhere else on Planet Earth, Risa. I don’t need the formal education that a farm teaches you. I love the farm, the open skies, the horses, and you. You and I are alike, cowgirl. You love your farm, the horizon that sails for miles over green colored grass, the horses and me.”
She smiled and felt an array of really weird feelings for Garth, especially after, she had stolen that kiss on her birthday at midnight, which Risa didn't think Garth knew anything about her secret invasion.
He continued. “So, we both graduate next May and get outta of high school and then start our new life together a pair of hard-working farmers. That's the only thing I want. I bet inside your heart that's the only thing you really want. Am I right?” 
She nodded in silence, since Risa felt close to her farm, not really wanting to go off to college, but her parents had this great big dream for their daughter.
He chuckled. “I know. People said that a newly married couple has the rest of their days to understand each other, their will, and their wants, but I feel like that I understand you already, Risa. You like eating, like me. You like riding horses, like me. You like saving helpless critters, like me. Do you see and feel how we are both alike, Risa. But, I bet you can come up with some more likes between us. And I feel that life’s too short to waste time figuring out what your mate likes or dislikes when you can have the right one from the get-go to share in a world that ya’ll both love and don’t want ever leave. I have admired your girly toughness for years, Risa. You’re what I like. I hope, I’m what you like. I feel that I’ve been a part of your life seeing you every day at school, every Sunday at church, watching you twirl your baton in your sexy shiny bikini," he winked with a chuckle. Risa gasped and then blushed. He smiled. "Then when you stay over with Cinta every single Friday or Saturday night, since you were six years old.”
She gasped and then giggled. “Are you a real stalker, boy?”
He nodded. “You’re only stalker, babe. And if I find out there’s another hunger wolf grazing near my filly, well then I ain’t promising nothing good for him.”
 She giggled with amusement that her handpicked cowboy was ready and willing to defend her honor and her body, right here and right now, with his two fists and his red tinted blood proteins.
He continued. “We are meant to be together, right here and right now, Risa.” He leaned down and kissed her, so tenderly and softly, removing the warmth that sizzled inside her brain cells and melted her gushy heart. He smiled. “Like the stars that form a line every night in the sky for the natives to view and admire with a purpose, we are both destined to be together forever.”
“Foreverly…” Risa whispered for her eardrums only and smiled at Garth, studying his smile, his eyes, his golden complexion. His bangs danced over his forehead. She really did feel love, maybe, lust, since this was only her fourth kiss by a fellow within her entire life. However, he had made some good arguments that we did need each other foreverly.
Garth whispered. “Please, ponder my words! Please, search in your heart for a place for me and wander through your neurons about us and see what did you find, cowgirl!”
She nodded with a grin in silence. Risa did not know what she would find inside her heart, but she didn't want say the same three words too loudly or easily right here and right now. Her eyeballs darted to the triangle-sized doorway and viewed the sunset. “Fiddlesticks! The day is dark.”
Risa struggled to stand upright and then sat back on her kneecaps. Garth shuffled to the side and out of her way. She crawled ahead towards the doorway and exited the hut, grabbing her boots, sitting on the edge of the floor with worry. "Fiddlesticks! My parents are going to be worried about me. Where’s my cell? I bet he has…” She slapped her forehead which didn’t hurt and then she remembered. “O no! I leave my cell phone inside the glove compartment in my new terrain vehicle. Hot dangling! My mother is both worried and mad at me, right here and right new,” she finished dressing with her boots.
Garth sat beside her and dressed in his boots also. “But, you got permission to leave the farm to finish up all of your homework assignments. Is that not right, Risa?”
“Yeah, I did. But I wasn't supposed to stay out here all afternoon, until the sunrays sit down on the pretty horizon. Time for me to ride home, right here and right now! Where is Cinta and my ride?” She stood upright from the hut floor with worry and dashed ahead around the picnic table, an stopped a few feet into the meadow field, scanning the darkness.
A pair of dull headlight on the terrain vehicle appeared in the close distance and then stopped a few feet from Risa. Cinta slid out from the driver's seat with a smile and tossed both of her arms in the air, dancing with joy, shouting out loud with excitement. She jogged to Risa and then dropped both of her arms, still dancing for fun and humming with a musical song.
Risa exhaled with worry and stared at her terrain vehicle.
Garth appeared and stood beside Risa, pointing at the vehicle. “Risa, the night sky is too dark outside for you to drive that thing back home. A terrain vehicle is not a small pickup truck with a pair of wide and bright headlights for seeing a leaping deer …”
She sneered at her machine, “Stop with the deer jokes! I’m serious. I must go home, right here and right now.”
“I'll drive you back home, Risa.” He smiled.
She frowned. “Yay, babe! Then, my dad will have a heart attack first and then grab his loaded hand pistol on top of his nightstand like a trained assassin on your body. I have been forbidden to date boys.”
He nodded. “Actually, I really like that concept, since I’m …”
“My parents will birth a litter of kittens, if they see you drive me home in your pickup truck with my new birthday present inside your truck bed. I’m supposed to be working with Cinta to finish my homework.”
“You did that.”
“Cinta did my homework for me. So, we could have a private conference, because I blackmailed her,” she giggled. “Dad really will tan my fanny, if he sees you with me here, because I can’t extort my parents.”
“Risa, I’m very concerned about the dim lighting on the machine, especially, the headlights do not brightened over the dark landscape. You can't see a rabbit hole or a snake nest with that low intensity tiny headlights on the machine. And Cinta can’t be your co-navigator either. I am her protector. Do you see and feel my concerns? I know you do. Because, my dad would tear me a new one, if Cinta was out and about in the darkness. I am her big bro watching over my baby sister if she gets hurt with your lousy driving.”
She laughed. “Naw! That won't happen to me or Cinta.”
Cinta stopped dancing and frowned in silence at Risa. She knew Risa was a lousy driver also. And something always happened to Risa.
He exhaled with worry. “Yes, Risa! It will happen to you and Cinta. You are a not good at some stuff. Looky! How about this idea? I can take you and your terrain vehicle down Pine Road, until we hit the creek bridge and then drop you and your vehicle at the shoulder on the roadside. Then you ride and turn left heading down a flat plain without a slope or an exposed dirt ditch. That side of the road is your front house yard which you know like the back of your hand. Just turn to the right traveling behind one of the many barns, so you parents do not see you flying back there. Then you park the vehicle outside the barn. You’re home and safe on first base.”
Risa clapped with a smile. “Great idea! I love it.”
He leaned down and whispered into her cheekbone, “Do you love anything else?”
“Maybe!” She turned and winked at him. He cuddled her with a smile.
Cinta moved ahead and smiled at Risa, wearing a set of dirty clothes and a muddy face. “That was really fun! Bring the vehicle tomorrow afternoon here, too! You need to complete your algebra assignment by Friday morning.” She scooted around them and stopped in front of the picnic table, changing her dirty clothes into a fresh, clean outfit.
Risa smiled at Cinta and then gasped at the machine. The brown muddy color hid the pretty lavender paint. She stomped to the engine hood and swished her finger over the heated metal, exhaling with annoyance. “Cinta, my terrain vehicle is wet and completely covered in sand and mud.” 
Garth moved ahead, stopped, and squatted down in front of the tire, wiping his hand over the front tire fender, smelling the elements with his nostrils. He stood upright and nodded in silence, cuddling Risa. “It’s okay, Risa. Your Dad will believe that your really did drove to the property line and back home. If your vehicle was cleaner than my dinner-plate, then your dad might get suspicious of your other slick activities, instead of driving your new birthday present," he laughed with Cinta.
She tossed both of her arms in the air with worry and slapped the jaw line on Garth without an apology, slowly moving ahead and then stopped beside the picnic table, staring at the pickup truck in the close distance. “Fiddlesticks! Let’s go right now and right here. I gotta get home, right here and right now.”
Garth slid down into the driver’s seat and started the engine, slowly steering the machine towards his pickup truck. Cinta and Risa followed behind and then stopped, watching Garth. He worked to set the railings on the ramp.
Cinta continued to dance around in a pair of dry shoes, after driving the fun machine. “Come back right here directly after school, tomorrow afternoon, Risa. I promise to do all your algebra homework assignments this week Monday through Friday. Then you can mate with Garth …”
“What!” Risa frowned.
She slapped her chest and continued to watch Garth. “And I'll take all the credit for hooking you up with Garth. Don’t be so shy. He is perfect for you.”
“What about redneck Billy Jack?”
She giggled. “Well, he can't go without a girlfriend. So, I'll have two beaus vying for my undivided attention. I can handle Billy Jack for you. So, come back right here tomorrow afternoon, after school, so I can drive the terrain vehicle. Is that a done deal, girl-best?”
“How can you handle Billy Jack, Cinta? Fiddlesticks! I can handle a live rattlesnake better and swifter than handling Billy Jack. You better be very careful here, Cinta. Else, you’ll get a nasty reputation other than a cowgirl who hangs out with Billy Jack and his twin Bobby Joe. And I can’t come back here to the picnic table tomorrow afternoon, after our school session, Cinta. My mother will suspect something more than innocent, since we do not work on my homework assignments, every night, only every other night.”
“Don’t worry, honey! Garth protects my southern belle reputation. That’s why he and I are in the same grade.”
Risa frowned. “I thought Garth had been so sick and missed so much school that the school principle failed him in the first grade.”
She smiled. “Naw. Where did you hear that ugly rumor? The day of his birth is later in the year. When the day of his birth was discovered by the superintendent of the school district, my parents were ordered to remove Garth from his first grade class. Then Garth and I had both started the first grade together like a set of twins or a pair of aliens or something weirder. And she only remembers when you do not complete your homework assignment. So, you need to think of something.”
“But you said…” Risa shook her curls and frowned with confusion. “I right now exaggerate about stuff way too much which might get me grounded along with me permanently exiled from you …”
“ ... and Garth. I get that subtle non-verbal hint. Yeah! Your mom is bigger problem, when it comes to your teenly love life. What we going to do about that, girl-best?”
Risa giggled with entertainment. “Assassination is always a viable option, since we live in the sticks without paid television programs. So, I could easily bury a body here, since we don’t know the sheriff.”
She laughed. “That's an excellent point! That part-time law man can’t be trusted and doesn’t possess any brain cells, maybe, down inside his polished but worn cowboy boots.”
Risa smiled. “And I must rid of my father, so the entire farm can be mine foreverly.”
She smiled. “Hmm! You possess great imagination, Risa. You should major in English Literature and write horror novels for your future living. That’s a good career…”
Risa nodded. “Naw, I wanna be a crop farmer.” She continued to watch Garth and his flexing muscles work on the rails and handling the terrain vehicle on the grass.
Cinta gasped in shock and turned to see the nose profile on Risa, “We are both attending a post-educational institution not to become a pair of dusty dirt covered crop farmers, Risa. Why did you say that?”
“I might not wanna go to college.”
She frowned. “Why not? Because of your lousy high school grades. Well, they are poorly presented on paper; but you are smarter than paper. Don’t worry about your college entrance examination. I’m going to help you study, again. Well, you really don’t need to study, again. You can be accepted with your current college entrance examination score. Send in your electronic application to Birmingham State University for processing. Our school counselor can help you with the electron process too. What’s your current college entrance score?”
Risa gasped in shock, “But Garth isn’t going to college with you and me…”
“Yes, he is. We are all enrolled at Bam U and start our college courses in June of next year. We, three will have a good time …”
“But Garth told me …”
“What did Garth told you, honey?” Cinta frowned at Risa.
Risa bit her lower lip and narrowed her two eyelashes at Cinta. Her neurons had missed something important. She nodded. “You haven’t taken the college entrance examination yet. We are going to go and take the test together in the month of January, next year. My mother has requested that I re-take the test for a better score, so I don’t have to take the rudimentary English and math courses in college and waste my time.”
She smiled. “But I took the college entrance examination with you during the summer, before school restarted. Search your brain cells! Do you remember visiting the Montgomery High School campus in the month of August? Apollo High School campus is too stupid to have proper instructors that can administer a US Federal Government test. We sit right next to get other. Well, we didn't really sat next to each other We were required to sit in-between an empty chair, like someone could really cheat on a handwritten essay test. Do you feel and remember that, girl best?” 
Risa bit her lower lip and narrowed her two eyelashes at Cinta again. Her neurons had missed something important again. She nodded. “I do remember taking the college entrance examination in the summer. And each test had to sit two chairs apart from the other student testers." But Risa did not remember seeing Cinta inside the testing room, at the school campus, or inside her car either.
She smiled. “Then you're done with your college application. Then you spend the rest of your high school days barely passing all of your high school courses, until you are free of Apollo. Then me and you can really have some big girl fun within the big bad Birmingham with some big boys …
“You’re engaged to …”
“What!”
“What about your boyfriend and future husband Billy Jack?”
“He’s going to college with us. That’s you, me, Garth, Bobby Joe…”
“Can he even read?” Risa laughed.
Cinta frowned. “Of course, silly girl, even rednecks can read one book and write their full name. So, tomorrow afternoon, tell the school counselor to send in your college application, instead of prepping for another college entrance examine.”
Risa gasped in shock. “Monday is tomorrow. Am I to meet with the school counselor Monday afternoon?”
She nodded with a smile. “Yeah, you have an appointment to discuss your lousy high school grades with that old maiden tomorrow afternoon. Tell the school counselor what you wanna do, not what your mom wants done here. Your mom is not going to college, since her life is done here with her horses.”
Risa frowned. "Who told that, Cinta? Who told you that I was meeting with the school counselor on Monday afternoon?"
"You did, girl best."
Risa gasped. "Wait! I thought I was supposed to come here and meet with you tomorrow afternoon, after our school session."
She frowned. "Why would you do that? You have a scheduled meeting with the school counselor to discuss your college application forms for Monday afternoon. Are you feeling okay, Risa?" Risa stared at Cinta in silence.
The engine on the terrain vehicle roared into life. Then Garth slammed the brakes discs which kept the metal guard on the machine from bending backwards against the stationary metal tool box inside his trunk bed. He killed the engine and carefully scooted out from the driver's seat, closing the door, leaping from the trunk bed, over the metal railing and landed on top of the grass and then spun around. He moved ahead and then bend down, collecting the make-shift pieces of long lumber while humming a happy song.
Risa frowned at her friend. “College, do I go or no go? I do plan to return here back to my home and become a crop farmer. Maybe, I'll become a farmer that writes horror novels.”
Cinta shook her curls. “Why? There is a entire, whole world out there to explore, Risa. We graduate college and travel from country to country and see everything. What’s out there to explore and experience, such like, salt oceans, dry deserts, heated bodies?”
“Garth wants to graduate from college and return back here to the farm.”
“Naw! Garth wants to travel to city of Paris first and then to another country and then another country …”
“Thanks for all the updates, Cinta!" Risa turned and frowned at Garth. He had finished loading the terrain vehicle into the trunk bed and approached her and Cinta. She frowned. "I’ll go home and ponder the facts, before making my final teenly decision.”
Garth approached and pointed at Cinta. “You are to ride in the truck bed with all of that wet sandy mud. I don’t want the smell on my shirt or inside my cloth seats. And Risa is clean and can ride with me in the front bench.”
Cinta spun around with giggles and halted in front of her brother. "I ain't dirty anymore, big bro! Look at me! My clothes are fresh and clean."
He thumbed back over his collar bone with fury. "I know what you did. But you still go and get back into the trunk bed, girl."
She frowned. “Fine! But we're a pair of girl bests, who ride together, foreverly. Ain't that right, Risa?”
Risa smiled at Garth, “Right, girl best!”
Cinta flipped her hand in the air with a giggle. “Give her a smack on the lips, Garth! So, we can get back home, too. Our parents will be pondering and wondering about our wandering around the cows and the cow pastures in the dark too.” Garth leaned down and tapped the lips on Risa. Cinta veered sideways with her evil laughter and broke up the cute couple, slamming the forehead on Garth, grabbing the arm on Risa and moved ahead with a smile. Risa and Cinta slowly padded towards the trunk bed.
Garth spun around and hissed at the back spine on his sister, jogging ahead to the flat tail gate and reached down, lifting Risa up from the meadow grass and then stopped in front of the flat tailgate with laughter. She screamed in fear and fun. He placed her booted feet on the metal and released her waistline with a smile.
Cinta stopped and stood in front of the tailgate, sneering beside her brother, parking both fists on her waistline. "Hey! What about me?"
Garth leaned over and sneered into her face. "You know what to do and how to do it! Go for it, Sis!" He scooted sideways and cleared the edge of the tailgate, slowly moving ahead towards the cab, sliding into the driver's seat.
Risa carefully shuffled around the round-shaped edges on her terrain vehicle and then stopped, sliding in front of the large wheel rim. Cinta swiftly climbed the flat tailgate and slid down beside Risa, staring into the darkness. Garth waited the two females were seated for safety and then cranked the cold engine on his truck slowly gliding over each small bump and every dump down in the earth soil as the terrain vehicle softly rattled on top of the metal trunk bed.
Risa leaned over and smiled into the cheekbone on Cinta. “I was thinking about Beck…”
Cinta hollered in shock. “Beck! You are thinking of Beck Actworth, instead of Garth Warfield. You were kissing on Garth Warfield, a few seconds ago. Why are you thinking about Beck, sweetie?”
“Beck Actworth is going to represent the senior class as the Novena Harvest Emperor.”
Cinta smiled. “O! Do you possess some more wicked ideas to play on Beck on Friday night at the festival?”
“No! I do not have any wickedness at all for Beck. I want to end all the wickedness that is about to happen to Beck on Friday night.”
“Why? What for? Beck Actworth deserves any and all wickedness and maybe beyond wickedness, if …”
“I don’t understand you, Cinta.”
“This is a senior project, sorta. All of the senior student are participating in the senior project, including you, Risa." Cinta nodded with a smile.
The truck slowly crawled through the earth soil, violently jolted and then climbed onto the city street coming to a halt. From the cab, Garth jumped from the seat and moved down the side of the truck, working on the lumber railings to remove the terrain vehicle.
Risa swiftly stood upright from the metal trunk bed and quickly getting away from Cinta. Her friend was acting snobby about the upcoming act of embarrassing Beck Actworth for a bad reason but pure meanness of the new situation.
There was an evil fairy tale behind the total vengeance from almost the entire twelfth grade.
At the end of the flat tailgate, Garth stopped and posed extending his arms towards Risa. Risa stopped and stood at the end of the tailgate in the dark, leaping from the metal in blind faith.
The country road faced Risa's farmland on both sides of the pavement.
Risa jumped off the metal, landed down into his arms and then hugged his chest, gasping at his hardness, caressing both of her breasts. Garth had captured her heart and her mind, without dropping Risa down to the hard pavement and leaned over kissing her lips. He slowly dropped Risa down onto the hard pavement without breaking the passion, wrapping his biceps around her body and squeezed them together with his eternity love.
Risa swam in the teenly emotions of hotness, lust, happiness, desire, passion, and love.
Inside the truck bed, Cinta gasped with annoyance, slowly stood upright from the floor, and then stomped ahead producing lots of noise towards the flat tailgate, leaping up in the air with her loud yells and then landed down with a heavy thump on top of the hard pavement. She crossed her arms and stared at the nose profile on Risa and Garth, exhaling with annoyance. "Are you done yet, Risa?"
Garth quickly removed his lips as the cold air invaded her lip flesh shivering her teenly emotions. Then they giggled with delight to each other. Garth shuffled backwards from the tailgate and smiled at Risa.
Cinta scooted sideways with her sour frown and reached out, grabbing the arm on Risa. They were a pair of tough and rough cowgirls that really did not need the little girl treatment from another male.
But Risa couldn't stop smiling at Garth as he smiled back also. Cinta shoved Risa to the side and cleared the edge on the tailgate, shuffling towards the patch of low plants in-between the hard roadway and her manicured yard. Garth set to work propping up the make-shift ramp and then backing the terrain vehicle from the truck bed.
Risa turned and smiled at her house, which blazed like a tiny village against the surrounding walls of darkness, inside a square shape of tall pole lights that lead to the front porch signaling rest time on the farm from a hard work day.
Over the pavement, Cinta continued to shuffle Risa from her brother and whispered into the cheekbone on Risa. “I am going to pretend that you do not agree with the upcoming nasty plot on our classmate Beck Actworth. Some of our senior classmates will not like your chicken belly attitude or your tattle-tail threats, Risa. Do you understand me, girl best?” The night was too dark to see the angry face on Risa as she only grunted a set of soft noises, not a sentence of harsh words back to her friend. Risa would not be intimidated and was not start a verbal fight with Cinta, in front of her new boyfriend Garth, either.
Garth finished his work on his truck. The terrain vehicle stood on top of the manicured lawn at Risa's house. Then he appeared and stood in front of Cinta and Risa, looking down at Risa. “Is there something wrong, Risa?”
Risa hoped that Garth had not overheard her mushy feelings about the other senior students who wanted to play a vile joke on Beck.
Cinta stabbed her set of manicured fingernails down into the tender flesh on Risa. Cinta held Risa hostage against her body like a naughty step-sister. She shook her curls and smiled at her brother. "No!"
Risa faked a smile to Garth. “No.”
He reached out with a smile and gently grabbed the arm on Risa, pulling from his sister, “Come over here and give me a good-night kiss, before we see each other tomorrow morning!”
She quickly flung her aching forearm away from Cinta and walked with Garth the fourth time tonight feeling his hotness against her cold mind and her cool body. They stopped in front of the terrain vehicle on top of the manicured grass. He leaned down and whispered softly into her eardrum, pointing at the intended pathway. “Drive very slow along the flat grassy plain then turn right at the chicken coop going straight along the rear walls on the three barns. There are no dirt ditches or water puddles or loose pieces of farm equipment laying around for you to bump into with the machine. Okay, Risa?”
“But it’s faster just following the nicely paved roadway,” she looked back over her collar bone and studied the road without a car. The only automobile at night belonged to her parent. Risa was not allowed to go any other place but to the school campus during the daylight hours. “Your set of instructions carry me further to the north of my house. I wanna easterly which is about a mile of rough land, not a smooth pavement ...”
“And, right now, your dad will be in outlook mode for your smooth ride over the pavement in front of his house, when he figures out that the set of dull headlights belongs to your terrain vehicle on top of the public roadway.” He cuddled her. “Then your mother will ground you faster than a falling meteorite. We both know that's so true. I was hoping you’d come with me to the Novena Festival on Friday night. I'll come here and pick you up at the house with Cinta, but not like a real date …”
“None of the seniors are going to the Festival on Friday night, so I have heard through the rotten grape vine.” She nodded and tattled part of the deep, dark secret from the senior students.
“Naw! All the seniors are going to the Novena Festival, including Bobby Joe and Billy Jack. This is our last ever Novena Festival in the month of September as a future graduating senior student. I like beating all the males in the Pole Climb. I heard they’re giving away a new dirt bike.”
“You already possess a dirt bike, Garth.”
“So, I’ll win the new dirt bike for you and your garage, honey. Then me and you can ride around together and jump over all of the mud puddles together, just the two of us.” He leaned down and smashed his warm lips upon her cold lips, pulling back, shoving her to the machine. “You need to go before your father see my truck. I'll see you tomorrow morning, cowgirl.” He stood in place and smiled at Risa, his new girlfriend, feeling happy and giddy with manly excitement.
“Bye, Cinta!” She sidestepped from Garth and yelled to her friend.
“Bye, girl best!” Cinta stood in place on top of the empty roadway and shouted out loud without waving the darkness.
He spun around with a sneer and moved ahead, jabbing a finger at his sister, “You are to get back into the trunk bed. You know what you did and you still smell like a pile of horse shit.”
“Garth!” She frowned.
He veered to the open cab door and laughed out loud. “Or you can walk home by your way. Don’t matter much to me! I got a smooth a ride, little sis.” Garth slid down into the driver's seat and closed the door, cranking the engine.
“Hot dangling!” She spun around with a gasp of shock and dashed ahead, leaping from the ground, landing down on top of the flat tailgate and slid down, sitting on the cool metal. He rolled the truck ahead in the direction of their home.
Risa continued to stand and smiled at the set of red tinted taillights on Garth's truck, until the night was dark again and then exhaled with annoyance. She had overstayed her fun time and spun around, sliding down into the cool leather seat, cranking the cold engine, hearing the blaring musical song. Risa cut the radio devise off, so her father was not alerted with her deception plan and then she wrapped the net webbing around her body for safety. She twirled the steering wheel towards the paved road, instead of rough loose gravel and uneven dirt pods, slowly pressing the gasoline pedal, paralleling the road ditches and freshly cut grass. The light wind stream hit her two eyeballs, her open mouth, and her parted lips at a blistering invisible sun ray pelted her skin. Her sole kissed the floor mat and stayed on the gasoline pedal taxiing over the smooth pavement, before she turned her new toy into the barn floor for its sleep too.
Her eyeballs glanced down at the speed-o-meter as the red needle quickly passed the sequential math numbers of 30, 35, 40, 45, 50, 55. Almost there! Her eyeballs returned back and focused on the dark pavement. A set of invisible hurricane-type winds blew her body against the soft leather back rest dragging the tiny engine, rattling the guard rail at the nose grill on the engine hood. The machine ventured under its own power slightly to the left.
Risa compensated very slightly back to the right side of the pavement while keeping the machine steady under her hand controls, reaching the maximum racing speed of sixty miles-per-hour. She flew passed the end of the three-door garage house on the private driveway and traveled further down the dark road for several thousand feet, releasing the gasoline pedal. The machine slowly rolled down into a steady pace with the speed-o-meter needle counting backwards down from 60, 55, 50, 45, 40, 35, 30, 25, 20.
Risa stomped the brake discs and felt the shudder from the machine, slowly turning to the left side, traveling down the smooth pavement another twenty feet and slammed the brakes, parking in front of the barn doors for the night. She killed the engine and released the webbing, grabbing the backpack from the seat, gasping in shock. "How did that get here? I didn't move the backpack from the picnic table to here. O! Garth did. He's so sweet and nice. Yeah, he will become a nice husband."
 She scooted out from the driver's seat and spun around, slowly moving ahead towards the rear patio door that was lit with a bright bulb for the bugs and Risa, while pondering her deep mental thoughts.
Cinta liked to blackmail Risa with all types of stuff, including clothes, shoes, purses, hair bows, and money from her parents. Risa was not a rich kid but lived off the nice financial income from her farm. She enjoyed the Cinta’s antics and viewed all of them with a child-like innocent blindness, but for some reason the cloth blindfolds had been cut in half tonight. Risa saw her friend Cinta in a different light.
However, Garth possessed a set of brutally honest and brave emotions saying out loud those three words: I love you.
These three words bounced around inside her neurons. His words were all true. He and Risa had known every other for seventeen short years. Her parents were very good friends with the Warfield clan, since Risa's birth.
Risa had spent more time with Cinta like a true sister. So it made perfect sense that Garth would find Risa attractive as a potential wife mate. He liked farming life too.
In front of the closed door on the patio, she opened the door and rudely hollered out loud to her parents for attention. “I’m home.” Risa slowly moved ahead and turned the wall corner, moving into the kitchen setting which was clean and neat without platters of food or dirty dishes.
The voice of her father shouted from the living room, “We're in here, Risa.”
She moved ahead and stopped in the archway, smiling at her mother. Her mother was propped up like a doll against the arm rest on the sofa while appearing like a death dead that had been warmed in the stove oven. Her face was colored in ashen pale. Her leg rested on top of three pillows. She tenderly hugged cup of steaming liquid in front of her throat, slowly blinking her two eyelashes open, staring at her daughter. “Risa!” Her mother softly mouthed with mouth spit.
"Yeah!" Risa entered the kitchen and brushed off the pretend dirty from her clothes while fooling her parents.
“Time for bed, Risa! Get cleaned up now! Tomorrow is school, pumpkin.” He nodded with a smile to Risa and then stood upright from the sitting chair, swinging around, assisting his wife.
"Yes, sir!" Risa slowly moved ahead and continued to stare at her mother, darting to the side wall, viewing all the happy family photographs within each mounted frame and then climbed the staircase for her private bedroom. Her mother looked awful as a human.
Monday, September 9th


Apollo High School location
Cool temperatures with parted clouds of sunshine

Ground floor homeroom setting
07:50 am


Risa happily bounced through the open door and sat down into her assigned seat within her homeroom. Each student had assumed the usual pose without yelling like a cheerleader or fighting like a redneck.
In the real world, a group of teens liked to hang around standing as a click of musicians or a clank of rednecks or a clucks of chickens or a clash of jocks. Risa was part of the marching band click and played a musical clarinet instrument, very poorly.
She placed down a thin empty notebook on top of her desk table watching each one of her fellow school mates zip into the room and down into their assigned seats. The room space was a rectangular with long side walls and two short walls in the front and the rear of the classroom.
The forward wall housed an old fashioned black board that really was used for math problems and grammar sentences in white chalk. The Apollo public school chest did not possess monies for computer laptops, so each academic teacher yelled at each school lesson.
The center of the room contained the majority of students including the nothings, the rednecks, and the musicians. The last two rows were dedicated and dictated to only the jocks.
On side wall held a row of smart students that easily taunted and mocked the other non-smart students.
The other side wall contained a line of females who were the majorettes and the dance team members, who flirted with all the guys during class time, instead of paying attention to the teacher.
From the wide entrance door, Beck Actworth slowly rolled his wheel chair over the smooth floor then spun his wheelchair around, back pedaling into an empty side space by the teacher's desk. That was the only space big enough to accommodate his wide and high wheelchair. Beck stopped and then smiled at each one of his classmates, shoving the falling eyeglasses back onto his nose bridge.
On the side wall near the open door, Risa continued to sit and slapped her hand over her leg with nervousness while staring at Beck with pity. Her classmate Bobby Joe was going to nominate Beck for senior class Novena Harvest Emperor.
The school bell rung out loud.
Her eardrums tinkled and as her heart rate increased.
In front of the classroom, the homeroom teacher sat in his chair and marked off each name from a familiar face, slapping the manual notebook shut and smiled at the student. “Announcement for all students! But each one of you should know shared information as each one of you have attended Apollo school system for fourteen years now. There will be no sixth period of class for band practice, football practice, or study hall attendance, since this is our valued Novena Festival week. All students will leave the campus for home being dismissed at precisely 1:59 pm, unless you want to help tote out all the long tables, carry all the sitting chairs, or decorate the game booths for the children. However, Bobby Joe and Billy Jack cannot volunteer for anything.”
“Why?” Risa leaned over and whispered to Cinta.
Cinta smiled at Billy Jack. “Billy Jack, he had greased the climbing pole for the Pole Climb event, last year. The first competitor get stuck in a place that my southern belle manners won’t let me pronounce.”
She turned and stared at Billy Jack. “Really! He did that. Is he really banned from attending the Novena Festival ...”
“… along with his twin, Bobby Joe.”
“Who tattled on Billy Jack? Was it Beck? Naw, that's not possible!”
“Actworth tattled on Billy Jack.” Cinta turned and sneered at Beck.
“Why would Beck tattle on Billy Jack? They don't play or work together on anything here at school.”
“Well, Billy Jack is not certain. But, the hot rumor goes that the Elder Actworth must’ve eye-witnessed the silly crime and then ratted on Billy Jack to Principal Russell making both of the rednecks banned from the Novena Festival, this year, even as a senior student.”
Risa frowned. “I didn’t hear that rumor.”
Cinta softly giggled. "You're always too late for everything, girl best.”
The teacher nodded. “The last announcement from my list for today. We need nominations for the representatives of Harvest Emperor and Harvest Empress from the senior students. I want to remind you that the winning couple will receive a nice set of new electronic toys that would fancy any cowboy’s boots. So, let's start with the nomination names for the Harvest Emperor!”
Billy Jack swiftly stood upright from his chair on the last row and tossed both of his arms in the air, dropping his arm, fingering at Beck and shouted out loud. “I nominate my boy, Beck Actworth.” The entire room of senior students sounded with loud hoots, claps, and boot stomps showing a smiling face, except for Risa. Each teen turned and stared at Beck.
The teacher gasped in shock and turned with a smile, nodding to Beck. “Well, I do believe Beck Actworth would do us proud as the Harvest Emperor from the senior class. Is there another male nomination for the Harvest Emperor?” The room with student claps ceased and then stood in silence. The teacher smiled. "I wanna thank Billy Jack for an excellent nomination of senior class Harvest Emperor. Mr. Beck has not had the honor of serving that title for your class. So, in the true spirit of competition, Beck, do you accept the honor of senior class Harvest Emperor?”
Risa whispered for my eardrums. “No! No! No!” She bounced her shoulder blades against the hard wall with nervousness.
Beck scanned the room with suspicion and viewed each one of his classmates, turning with a smile to see the teacher. "Yes, sir!"
Risa grunted in worry. “Dang it!”
“Did you say something?” Cinta leaned over and smeared her red tinted lipstick over the cheekbone on her friend Risa.
Risa jerked away from the smelly wintergreen chewing gun inside Cinta's mouth and wiped off the red tinted lipstick smear with her hand, crossing her arms, staring at Beck. He continued to smile without understanding that he was a pawn within the senior class chess game.
Beck pushed the edge on his dorky eyeglasses up his nose bridge and cleared his throat, flinging both of his arms in the air, slamming both of them back down on top of his wheelchair tray. “Yes, I do. I want to think the class for inviting me to participate in this old traditional time honored school event. I’m very honored and very excited for the opportunity to represent the senior class. And I plan to win the competition for my classmates too.” The students sounded with loud claps, cheers, and foot stomps again, except for Risa.
The teacher nodded. “Very good, Beck! Do we have one or two nominations for the role of Harvest Empress? The Harvest Empress will accompany the handsome Harvest Emperor, this Friday night, as our cute boy and girl senior class representatives at the Novena Festival.”
Risa swiftly shifted her boots underneath desk table. 
Cinta reached over and slammed her five manicured fingernails down on top of the naked palm on Risa, growling into the cheekbone on Risa, “What are you doing, Risa?”
Risa gritted her teeth in pain from the nasty set of fingernails and stared with a fake smile at Beck. “I'm shifting my boots around the floor, because my butthole is numb, girl best.”
“O! I thought you might be wanting to do something else.” She released her hand and stared at Beck also.
Risa lifted up her injured hand into her face and gasped in shock. Her hand was not bleeding or marked with tiny cuts from Cinta's five sharpened fingernails. She cuddled her hand and looked up, staring at Lara Lee.
“Lara Lee.” Bobby Joe swiftly stood upright from his chair on the last row without pointing at the girl and then sat back down while laughing out loud. He knew also. The entire senior class had rigged, plotted, and participated in this evil deed on Beck.
On the side wall, head majorette Lara Lee continued to sit and smiled only at Beck, displayed long dark straight hair strands, a pair of amber colored eyeballs, and a tone of dark tinted skin, wearing a  pair of shorty-shorts in neon orange tone, a matching sleeveless blouse, and a pair of matching fashion designer high heeled sandals. She turned and nodded to each face. "Thanks to my fans and friends and family members here at Apollo High School! I promise and cross my heart and hope to die as the bestest empress of them all.” She giggled and touched her heart while winking at Beck.
On the side wall, inside the homeroom class, Risa snarled at Lara Lee and then frowned at Beck, who happily clapped and smiled at his upcoming tragic event that would change his teenly life foreverly.
The teacher nodded with a smile. “The senior classmates had provided two excellent choices for the Novena Festival, cowboys and cowgirls!”
Risa crossed her arms and pondered Beck while plotting to exposed the senior class secret, without getting into trouble with her friends. The school bell loudly rang for the beginning of the first period of academic class.

At 04:35 pm, on a heated day with parted clouds of bright sunlight, inside the school parking lot, Risa leaned against the heated door on her car that stood alone inside the parking lot also. Her new sports car displayed a five-speed automatic transmission, a steering wheel with mounted audio controls for her mobile telephone or a satellite radio.
She stared down at the screen on her personal mobile telephone and reading the latest text message from her father. They had left home and were traveling to the school for the appointed schedule meeting the Apollo high school guidance counselor for promising students to attend college. The other children, pre-teens, and teens were at home, eating food, and wasting the rest of the daylight hours watching television or surfing the internet.
Her eyeballs caught the movement on the side wall of the school.
Beck sat on top of a four feet platform that lifted up from the pavement, rode in the air, and then sucked into the rear of the modern service van. He was usually the last student to leave the school campus for the day. 
Risa continued to stare at the service van but did not see Beck still wondering if he really saw her spying on him and his family, last Sunday afternoon. Or maybe, Beck had been squinting at the reflective light coming from her pair of spying binoculars looking like he had been winking at Risa. She exhaled with boredom and then heard a new sound.
“You look really cute just lounging there in the bright sunlight!” Garth appeared and stood beside Risa, shuffling the backpack over his collar bone.
“I’m cute.” She smiled at the service van.
“Hey, Risa! What are you doing here, darling? Are you having car troubles with your new sports car? You shouldn’t be, since it’s a new model.” He looked down at the car door.
“Hey, Garth! I am standing here just wondering why you didn’t nominate me as the senior class Harvest Empress.” She looked down at the screen on her mobile telephone following the truck with her parents.
He chuckled. “Well, I would’ve voted for you as the senior class empress. Too bad, you didn’t nominate yourself.”
She looked up and smiled. “Too bad, you didn’t nominate me for the honor.”
“Shoot! I should’ve but I wasn’t thinking like that.” He leaned into her face, “You look like an elegant swan swirling around in the air with your baton on the football field.”
She giggled. “Thanks, Garth. That’s really nice of you to say.”
“I got lots of nice things to really say to you, Risa. Too bad, it’s only Monday afternoon, since I gotta go home now. Maybe, Saturday morning, since you sleep at my house …”
“That’s doesn’t sound right to me, cowboy.”
He chuckled, “Since you usually spend the night with my sister Cinta, maybe you and me can go horseback riding near the creek bottom and fish for a couple of hours, since a fishing event takes a couple of hours sometimes until sunset. Do you like to fish, Risa? I like to fish and hunt and ride along with spitting and shooting and saddling.” Garth leaned over and rubbed his chest into her naked arm, she was wearing a sleeveless tee shirt in dull blue and a pair of faded and shredded blue jeans, and her new dark blue cowgirl boots. She could smell his cologne of woody leather. He smiled. “You’re a good cowgirl. I watched you ride your horse around these three barrel at the county rodeo in August. You received third place. That’s really good!”
“Yeah, my city slicker dad was really proud of his cowgirl daughter, too.” She looked down and stared at new text message from her father. How was he able to text and drive at the same time? Then she realized. Her father had pulled the truck off the highway and then texted his daughter, which was against the law. Or her mother was performing the text message which meant.
The car horn blew loudly.
Garth whipped his face and sneered at the clean windshield on his truck. “Cinta!”
A second car horn sounded with two low bongs.
Risa turned and gasped in shock at the truck coming around the side wall of the school building that was steered by her father.
Garth spun around and smiled at Risa, shuffled the backpack over his collar bone, slowly padding backwards, and hit the driver's door. "Bye, Risa!" He shuffled inside the seat and slowly drove in the opposite direction from Risa.
She yelled out loud with a smile. “Bye, Garth! See you in class tomorrow.” Risa continued to stand beside her car. The truck stopped a few feet from Risa. The door opened.
Her father slid off the seat and stared at the other truck with puzzlement. "Was that one of the Warfield’s boys?”
“Yay, Dad! That’s Garth and his sister Cinta. He drives his sister Cinta to and from school, since they’re in the same class. Is mom with you?” Risa turned and stared through the clean windshield. Her mother sat in the passenger side, without a face. Her face sucked down into her two palms and as she was feeling pain from her broken leg. Risa quickly shuffled towards the passenger side of the truck and stored her personal mobile telephone down into the pocket on her jeans.
Her father continued ahead and passed Risa, stopping at the rear bumper on his truck, dropping the tailgate. He retrieved a silver tinted wheelchair from the truck bed. The wheelchair dropped down on the hard pavement with a loud boom.
Risa turned to see the sound and gasped in worry. “That’s a wheelchair. Why does my mom need a wheelchair, Dad?”
“Your mom needs to reserve her body strength. Her current medical physician said that she would feel better while I roll her around inside her new wheelchair for any type of sitting activity, instead of using the pair of clumsy arm crutches. Open the door, please, Risa! I’ll lift your mom from the truck seat and then down into the padded wheelchair seat.”
“Yes, sir!” She opened the door and hung onto the door handle, staring at her mother.
Her father rolled the unfolded wheelchair ahead and then stopped beside the open door, adjusting each leg panel, standing upright from the chair. He leaned inside and lifted his wife from the seat, gently dropping her body down into the padded cushion. She grunted in pain and held her face with both palms. Her husband fussed over his wife and her injured leg placing a summer shawl over her upper body with love and then tucked the blanket down into her lower part, without covering her leg. He whispered a set of sweet words into her eardrum. She slowly smiled. He stood upright and scooted around the rear of the chair, nodding to Risa. “Lead the way, pumpkin! But we need to use the collecting ramp on the southern side of the school building for your mother.”
Risa nodded with a fake smile and spun around, slowly moving ahead, looking back over her collar bone at her mother. Her father slowly strolled behind his daughter with a weak smile. Risa stopped at the end of the building and walked up worn and scratched wooden planks on the ancient school building that had been built in the 1919. This school had been used by the first inhabitants of Apollo within the US State of Alabama.
Her father rolled up the wheelchair up the ramp and then elevated out onto a smooth dull wooden floor, slowly moving down towards the end of the  hallway. The side walls displayed dull yellow paint that had faded over time. The right side of the hallway exhibited the middle school classrooms. The other side housed a wall of blue tinted metal locker for the student. 
At the end of the long hallway, a flush wooden door opened and revealed a short and slender woman, who waved and smiled to Risa. The woman displayed a tone of golden skin, a pair of green eyes, and a shoulder length blonde hair, wearing an ankle-length dress in dark green colors over a pair of red and green cowgirl boots. “Hello, Risa! I am the school guidance counselor here to guide you into the future. Come inside and sat in the wall corner making room for your mother and her wheelchair.” She back stepped from the archway and then spun around, moving ahead, sliding down into the far chair in front of a small round-sized table with a smile, patting an empty chair for Mr. Patillo. “Mr. and Mrs. Patillo, welcome to Apollo High School. How are you feeling, Mrs. Patillo?”
Mrs. Patillo looked up and faked a smile to the counsel, “I have had better days.” Her husband rolled her wheelchair underneath the edge of the table without a  chair and then sat down in the an empty chair beside his wife. Risa moved ahead into the small room and sat on the opposite side of her mother, staring down at the table with annoyance. She didn't want to retake the college entrance examination. She wanted to become a crop farmer and marry her new crop farmer boyfriend Garth and then live happily ever after here in the small town of Apollo.
Her friend Cinta had said that Risa needed to voice her opinion here with the guidance counselor about not going to college, but the current situation was tense and tight with her parents inside the crowded small room.
The tiny room measured ten feet long by ten feet wide by ten feet high with four dull yellow tinted walls, without a single piece of art work or a glass window to the outdoors with sunshine, rolls of fluffy clouds or a grove of tall trees. A row of lighted lamps hung down from the high ceiling tiles. A small conference table in naked dark wood stood in the middle of the room surrounded by three chairs. The forward held a long desk in dark wood with a single office chair and a single black colored laptop and without a single stack of paper or pens, where the guidance counselor would submit each electronic college application for each Apollo graduating senior student. The new atmosphere was and dark like a scary haunted house.
The counselor guidance placed both of her hands on top of the table and nodded to Mrs. Patillo with a sweet smile. “Well, you’ll get better soon. I’ve never break a limb, but our bones heal very quickly. Thank you for coming, Mrs. and Mr. Patillo and Risa!”
Mr. Patillo smiled. “We are happy to be here, counselor."
Risa continued to sit and stared down at the naked wood in silence. She was not happy to be here.
The counselor nodded. “I remember, when a nice looking young couple had moved to our little farm town of Apollo, right after your wedding marriage from college. Grandfather Patillo occupied that land for almost a century …”
He nodded with a smile. “My granddaddy was a very old bird loving his wife and his farm while into his nineties. Then I had inherited the farmland after his passing up into the heavenly plane. We were only twenty-two years old and straight out of college with nothing to do, but find a fulfilling work career. We didn’t even know, if we’d like the farming life as a pair of city slickers from Montgomery. But, we’re still here in our early fifties, enjoying our life and our little girl and our farming duties.”
“I, too, am in my early fifties, also. And I, too, enjoy my life, also.” She nodded with a smile.
Risa looked up and gasped in shock at the counselor, turning to view her mother. Then she returned back and stared at the counselor.
The counselor wore a tone of golden skin with three skin wrinkles around one eye socket on her pretty face.
Risa returned back and studied her mother, who was in her early fifties, also. Her parents had birthed their baby daughter later in life. Her mother appeared like a pale ghost with mouth drool from her parted lips that hit her hand and then her lap.
The counselor nodded to the teen. “Risa, I recall your precious birth here in Apollo, seventeen years ago.”
Mr. Patillo frowned. “Risa was not born here in the town of Apollo but at a hospital in the city of Montgomery. We had to drive an hour north while her mother labored in the rear bench of the pickup truck. I actually thought she would delivery Risa inside that cold rear truck bench, instead of a warm hospital bed. I don’t understand here. Why doesn't the town house an adult and children's medical center and physician officers here? We have decided against a second child, a long time ago, because of the lack of proper medical protocols and treatments.”
She smiled. “Each infant from the town of Apollo is birthed in the city of Montgomery, also, since the beginning of time here in cow town Apollo. We simply can’t come up with all of the monies for any type of proper medical facility here within our little cow town and the state government bank account is too cash-stripped to provide any capital assistance here. You do know that we have asked most frequently and you know as well as I that everything is based on money. The world turns around on money. But, every infant here lives a healthy and happy life.”
Risa gasped in shock thinking about the Actworth clan. Beck and all of his blood-kin lived in a wheelchair. They seemed happy but they were not healthy.
Mr. Patillo nodded. “O! We’re very happy living here in Apollo.”
The counselor turned and nodded to Risa. “I’m very excited that one of our own high schoolers is reaching out to attend college. College environment is a big deal. And this is very rare for one of our little chicks to leave the hen's nest, since every livelihood is based on the farm life and becoming a cow farmer.”
Risa gasped in shock and nodded to the counselor and then her father. “Well, I agree. There's nothing wrong in becoming a crop farmer, isn't that right, Dad?” Her father nodded with a smile back to Risa.
The counselor nodded to Mr. Patillo. “First, I want to clarify the high expense of attending college. The amount of money is not cheap, since the small city of Apollo doesn’t house a post-graduate institution and a medical hospital here. Therefore, you are responsible for her college tuition, her books, her campus fees, and her campus activities along with her apartment rental coupled with the electricity, water, sewer, and all the other living expenses that are required on a monthly basis, while she lives, stays, plays, and studies within the city of Birmingham. And, her car expenses must be paid, as well.”
He nodded. “We understand all the extraneous monies that will be required for Risa to attend college in Birmingham and outside of the world of Apollo. We both had graduated from Burn U, where Risa will eventually graduate also. We have planned ahead for this rare event. Tell us! What is the current status of her college application at Burn U?”
She exhaled with annoyance and stared at Mr. Patillo. “Let me begin with this. Risa has both a set of low grades and a very low grade point average making her a high risk freshman at any college. She scored a twelve on her college entrance examination test which will require that she take rudimentary courses in math and grammar.”
He frowned. “What does that mean? Any college freshman student has a choice of various academic subjects including math, science, history, literature, art, music or …”
“Risa can submit her college application anytime here. But I am warning both of you that she will be limited to two college courses, which is math and grammar classes. I must express that it will be a total waste of her time and your money, if she did not re-take the college entrance …”
Risa frowned. “Naw.”
“Silence, Risa.” Mrs. Patillo mumbled inside her two palms while feeling nausea and pain.
He nodded to the counselor. “That’s a fine decision with the both of us. Risa can start during the summer college session taking the two required rudimentary classes of math and grammar.”
Risa frowned. “I wanna become a crop farmer.”
Her mother lifted her bone skull and frowned at her daughter, whispering out loud. “Do not embarrass me with your hillbilly slang, Risa!"
Mr. Patillo nodded with a stern face to the counselor. "I do declare I cannot understand the morals that are taught these days in the public school system. Do other teen talk back to their parents, like this, also?”
The counsel smiled. “We all agree here. Risa will re-take the college entrance examination test, so she can enter into the college environment as a regular freshman student, without wasting any more time or monies. Since, time is all that we really possess.”
Risa exhaled with frustration and dropped her chin down into her tee shirt with great disappointment.
Tuesday, September 10th


Apollo High School location
Warm temperatures with sunny skies

Science class setting
11:02 am


The classroom bell loudly rang while rattling the yellow wet earwax inside her two eardrums. Risa was still not accustomed to the loud fog horn blast for the last five years, since her seventh grade class thinking she couldn't wait to graduate from her silly high school campus into the more serious college environment with the lack of school bells, school counsels, school classmates, and school teacher, who annoyingly monitor the empty high school hallway, when a student could not find the correct stupid academic textbook, before the stupid high school bell. 
Risa strolled into the room and toted her empty notebook flirting her two eyelashes at Garth on the last row in-between Billy Jack and Bobby Joe. Garth was posed there in-between Bobby Joe and Billy Jack keeping the twin rednecks from fighting, talking, and disturbing the academic science class, where Risa held an average academic math number of 76 points out of 100, which was the academic letter grade of C. She thought that was a good grade and would ask her friend Cinta.
Risa slid down into her seat in-between her enemy Lara Lee and her friend Cinta, where the rest of the row contained some of the marching band majorettes and a few members of the marching band dance team. Her eyeballs darted to the teacher desk that held a petite female substitute teacher and as her bone skull felt a tug of pain. Her two eyeballs darted down and viewed another dark colored manicured hand with a set of black tinted sharp fingernails. Two of the five finger pads were touching Risa's hair strands.
Then the two finger pads released Risa's hair strands and as the voice of Lara Lee frowned at the blonde tinted hair ends on Risa. "What in the universe are you doing to your hair, Risa? It looks awful among your dark strands. O! Did you dip your ends in honey, honey? Why is your hair covered in ugly thin streaks of blonde hue? Did you try to color your own ratty hair roots and then missed it all?" She laughed out loud with her rude non-southern belle manners and displayed long dark straight hair strands, a pair of amber colored eyeballs, and a tone of dark tinted skin, wearing a  pair of shorty-shorts in bright red tone, a matching sleeveless blouse, and a pair of matching fashion designer high heeled sandals.
Risa gasped in shock and looked down, touching the ends of her long hair, seeing a faint horizontal line blonde hue running over the hair ends, like she had tried to color her hair in golden colors, but beautifully failed. She lifted up the ends into her two eyeballs and studied the color with mystery, sneering back to her nasty enemy Lara Lee. "O this! This is normal for me. My dark hair curls possess some blonde strands that turn into a golden hue during the hot days and heated rays from the sunlight while making me look pretty and exotic, unlike an ugly duckling, like you, Lara Lee," she laughed with an evil tone. Lara Lee growled at the nose profile on her enemy Risa without the nasty words.
"Welcome to my science class!" The voice from the bone skull on the substitute teacher shouted out loud.
Risa dropped the ends of her hair for another time to ponder and smiled at the teacher.
The bone skull on the new substitute teacher barely missed the edge of the teacher’s desk and displayed a puff of white colored hair like an alien that Risa had seem in a Hollywood movie film. The teacher wore a pair of black tinted eyeglasses that clashed with her heart-shaped face with pockets of sagging down pale tone of skin with ugly wrinkles around her mouth lips and her two eye sockets. She smiled at each teen in silence.
“She’s a shorty.” Bobby Joe sat on the last row beside Garth and pointed at the new teacher, laughing out loud with the rest of the students. Garth reached over with a frown and slammed his fist into the bicep on Bobby Joe.
In front of the classroom, the new substitution teacher did not stand but yelled loud out to each face. “Good morning, class! Please take out a sheet of paper and a number two pencil."
“Boo!” Lara Lee sneered.
“Naw!” Billy Jack frowned.
“Boom!” Beck lifted both arms into the air and laughed out loud.
“Where is the current location of Mr. L, our true science teacher today?” Vonnie Sue frowned at the substitute teacher.
“Is an ink pen okay to use for the test, teacher?” Cinta smiled and lifted her pen that she had stolen from Risa.
The teacher nodded with a grin to Cinta. “Yes, you may use an ink pen or a number two pencil lead for this pop quiz. And let me explain that here. You will be receiving a perfect score of hundred points for this test.” The students cheered with claps. She flipped her hand in the air and nodded with a stern face. “Class, please, be quiet in here. I do not want the principal invading our private sanctuary for the new two hours, since I’m taking your class to the lunch room around noontime. Does everyone have their number two pencil lead ready? Question number one: the sun rises over Heel Stone on a mid-summer and sets on a mid-winter. Which is considered the first astronomical observatory known as…fill in the blank.”
“Blank!” Davy Ray laughed out loud and wrote down his answer on the sheet of paper.
Risa laughed out loud also as her mental mind was blank and then scratched with her number two pencil inside her notebook paper the word, New Mexico. There were star telescope observatories inside that US State.
“You’re not a smart redneck, are you, boy?” The teacher chuckled. “Question number two: what is the other name for the Imperishable Star, which designates the burial chamber of a royal king in star alignment with the belts of Orion and Thuban?”
On the side wall, Risa whispered for her eardrums only. "What planet does this woman live on? The land of cookies! Does she mean a cookie with the chocolate outside and vanilla white filling inside? I plan to purchase in the vending machine for lunch meal." Her two eyeballs darted around the room. Each teen was writing down an answer. She looked down with a blank answer for a second time for the second question. Then she scribbled the word, Mars.
The teacher says. “Question number three: who conquered parts of the first civilization of Mesopotamia in 334 BC while embracing and absorbing its astrological study and wisdom across the Hellenic world, which was birthed in Alexandria in Egypt?”
Risa smiled and wrote down the word, Alesander. Then she frowned and crossed out the word, Alesander and then wrote down the word,. Alex. She looked up and nodded with a smile at the correct answer that was not correctly spelled, but close enough for the non-graded pop quiz.
The teacher continued to sit and adjusted the rim on her eyeglasses staring at the nervous kids. “Question number four, what science study accounts for the movement of the stars and other heavenly bodies that affect our lives here on our world?"
Risa frowned and then smiled, writing down the sentence: Almighty God can move stares and heaven. She looked up and scanned the room. Each student looked down and wrote down their answer to the posed question.
The teacher pointed at the senior student in front of her desk, “Please, pass your sheet of paper to her. What's your name, sweetie?”
“Rwanda.” Rwanda scooted off her seat with a smile and spun around, reaching out, collecting each sheet of paper from the front seat or an individual student.
The teacher nodded to each teen, “While I am grading each one of your tests …”
Davy Ray pointed at the teacher, “Hey! You said…”
She winked at Davy Ray, “Well, I must pretend to be a teacher today. Isn't that right, student? I must place a letter grade on each paper, so I can turn in your school science work and my lecture materials for the day into the principal’s office. But, I can multi-task by talking and grading, all at the same time. I am Sumer Winters. Yes, my mother wasn’t a nice southern belle. I’m here only for a two-week period, since your true science teacher Mr. Knox is having dental surgery but he will return back as your science teacher. So, for today’s lesson, please, follow my five steps which are shown on the black board.” She thumbed back over her collar bone to the board. Each student looked up and frowned at the same board with class work instructions.
Rwanda slowly shuffled around the room and finished her task, spinning around, moving back to the desk and handed the stack of papers to Sumer Winters. "Here you go, Miss S!” 
Miss S accepted the stack of paper. Rwanda back stepped and then slid down into her chair, staring at the teacher. The teacher instructed. “Take out another piece of paper and draw a circle. Draw twelve intersected pies inside the circle. Label the top pole with the alphabetic letter of A then go around the circle to the right curve of the pie marking it with the alphabetic letter of T then the alphabetic letter of G continuing around the twelve axis points as shown on the black board. Draw a big round ball above your circle, which is also displayed on the black board. This represents the solar sun within the Milky Way Galaxy, our home galaxy and our home planet. Place a medium-sized round ball in-between the alphabetic letters of T and G, then draw a medium-sized round ball inside the radius of the circle. Then, draw a tiny ball on the left side of the radius point. And, finally draw a medium-sized round ball underneath the alphabetic letter of P.” She continued to flip each sheet of paper and smiled down at each correct answer from the room of smart students. Sumer lived and worked in the city of Montgomery. She finished the task and tapped on the neat stack of papers, looking up to see each face. “This is amazing. Almost the entire class has scored one hundred points out of hundred points on these five pop quiz questions, where, usually, I am lucky to find five out of fifty academic students who get all the answers correct.”
“We’re all a set of smart rednecks here at Apollo High School, ma'am.” Davy Ray yelled from the rear row.
Miss S nodded with a smile and patted the stack of papers. “I do believe it, since my old eyes see only a set of correct answers, except for a few students. So, let us discuss question number one …”
“After the lunch meal …” Billy Jack smiled.
“Right now!” Lara Lee laughed.
“After our potty time …” Davy Ray laughed.
“Question number one, the sun rises over Heel Stone at mid-summer and sets at mid-winter, which is considered the first astronomical observatory known as Stonehenge. Stonehenge is the first answer to the first question. The monument of Stonehenge resides within Great Britain which was built in phases…”
“ ... in stones…” Billy Jack chuckled with the class.
“Stonehenge has been built in stone phases from the years 3,300 to 2,000 BC. As the sun rises over Heel Stone on mid-summer, which is early August and sets on mid-winter, which is early February, this event is considered the first astronomical observatory for planetary alignments that had been studied by all of the ancient astrologists.
"The second answer to second question is the three pyramids in Egypt. The three giant pyramids had been built in the year 2,600 B.C. by the ancient Egyptians that provide the current reigning pharaoh-king two pathways. One pathway provided his renewal and the other pathway led to his resurrection there within the afterlife.
"The third answer to the third question is the infamous Greek hero and leader Alexander, the Great. If you have been paying attention, then you would have hear part of the answer, when I had mentioned that astrological study and wisdom came from the city of Alexandria within the country of Egypt. The Greek natives were obsessed with their handsome Greek gods and the beautiful Greek goddesses by creating gigantic marble statues of each one and naming the sky after all of their mythological heroes.”
Lara Lee slapped her chest and smiled to the teacher. "Thank you!"
“That Greek wisdom didn’t help, too much, because the Greek gods and goddesses all died out of existence. Ain't that right, nasty goddess Lara Lee?” Davy Ray laughed loud out with some of the students. Lara Lee gasped in shock and then frowned to Beck. Beck gasped in shock and then sneered at Davy Ray. Risa rolled her eyeballs and then stared back at the teacher.
Miss S nodded. “Question number four, the oldest science in the world is astrology. The science of astrology had started in the country of Greece by King Ptolemy. When the Greek scientists had first assigned a series of twelve sun signs to their solar calendar. Then that fascinating astrological system spread out as far as the country of India which had created the Hindu gods and goddesses within their own folk lore while scouting the heavens for the true cosmic meaning within the patterns of twinkling stars and colorful planets. Astrology is the science that studies the movement of the stars and other heavenly bodies that affect a human life here on our planet. A good example, the moon influences the ocean tides. The Native American Indian tribes had used a medicine wheel to interpret an illness within the patient. The Chinese astronomers had been the first natives to study a flaming sunspot. So, the science of astrology has emerged with the human and sometimes can actually predict certain life events for that human. This is our exciting topic for discussion today in science class. The night sky has inspired and awed earthlings for centuries, because the night sky is bigger and brighter for one. A second reason, the star gazers could see the reflection of their own culture through mythology, gods, and heroes…”
“We live in the USA, so we ain’t got no hero here, but my twelve-gauge shotgun, who is my personal hero.” Billy Jack laughed with the other teens.
“The sky of twinkling stars allowed for each ocean sailor to navigate through the ocean waters and each roaming desert nomad to travel the dry sands at night, which also created some pretty famous astronomers. Who can name one famous astronomer?” Miss S nodded.
On the last row of student desks, Garth raised his arm in silence. She nodded to Garth. He smiled. “Ptolemy of Alexandria was a Roman astronomer, who wrote Almagest in 2nd century A.D. and also he grouped 1,022 stars into 48 constellations, which was used by another famous astronomer Copernicus for his primary writing of the stars, which had been 1,500 Earth years later.”
She smiled. “Very good!”
Beck raised his hand in silence. The teacher nodded to Beck. He smiled to each teen. “The oldest known catalog of Greek constellations comes from Catasterismi of Eratosthenes, who had been birthed in the year 276 and then died in the year 196 B,C. In 2nd Century B.C., Hipparchus produced a star catalog ranking all the twinkling stars by their magnitude, which was the brightness to the dullness, kinda like Garth down to Bobby Joe," he laughed with some of the students. The other males on the last row swiftly stood upright from the seats and sneered at Beck, except for Garth. Garth laughed out loud.
Miss S chuckled. “Very, very good, smart student! Sit down on the last row, boys! I've been a high school teacher for a very long time. That’s an excellent set of extreme history research. You must be the valedictorian here within the cow town of Apollo for the entire senior class.”
Billy Jack sneered and sat back down. “Yeah, Beck is the valid dick a turd for the entire school among the entire student body.”
She frowned at Billy Jack. “What did you say to me, young man?”
He slapped his tee shirt with a smile to the teacher. “Velcro! Dang it! That nasty stuff tore loose from my tee shirt again, ma'am.” He laughed with his classmates.
She frowned at Billy Jack. “Both astronomers Ptolemy and Copernicus had observed a belt of fixed stars which is called a constellation …”
“One constellation is called the Big Dipshit.” Billy Jack laughed with the other students.
Garth reached over and slapped the bicep on Billy Jack. “Naw! The constellation is pronounced as the Big Dipper, redneck.”
“And there is the other constellation which is called the Little Dipshit.” Bobby Joe laughed with the other students.
Garth slammed his fist into the bicep on Bobby Joe. “The constellation stars are named as the Big Dipper and the Little Dipper.”
Miss S frowned. “There are fixed stars with five prominent ones, which are really planets. But, to the naked eyeball, they look like a star, until you use a telescope. The five planets had their own irregular celestial movements based on the rotations of each planet and the sun which is measured by solar calendar of time. After all the stars and all the known planets had been seen by the naked eyeball from a Greek, so the natives of Greece had some fun honoring their real life heroes and heroines by writing and acting out each person within an active play that interacted with the fake action gods and goddesses. Who can name one of the famous playwrights from ancient Greece?”
Beck raised his hand. She nodded to Beck. He smiled to each face. “The first Greek playwright was named Aeschylus, who wrote ninety plays and was nicknamed, the Father of Tragedy. He had been born into an aristocratic family near the populous town of Athens within the present day country of Italy around the year 525 B.C. He had served as a war soldier within the Persian Wars and participated in the Great Dionysia, which had been a festival honoring Dionysus, who had been the Greek god of wine. Aeschylus had written his first play in the year 499 B.C. Seven of his plays have survived today including The Persians, Seven Against Thebes, The Suppliants, Agamemnon, The Libation Bearers, The Eumenides, and Prometheus Bound. Each play had shared the theme of justice. How apropos!" He laughed with some of the teens. "Playwright Aeschylus believed that each Greek god and goddess had resented the race of humans, who would attempt to attain greatness at the expense of another human or humans. Then, each Greek god and goddess would trick that human into causing his or her own downfall through human pride.”
Davy Ray chuckled. “But, sometimes, a human ain’t punished the right way by the god or goddess. Then, that retained un-punished punishment falls down to one of their many human descendants for some later swift justice coming from that same god or goddess. Ain't that right, nasty Greek goddess Lara Lee?”
Beck frowned at Davy Ray. “Leader of the gods and goddesses Zeus had been the god of justice and also the central figure within all of the playwrights from Aeschylus. Aeschylus had died in the year 455 B.C. in the village of Gela, near the city of Sicily within the present day country of Italy at the age of sixty-nine years old and had been honored with a public funeral.”
Miss S nodded. “A mortal is also called a human as opposed to an immortal, who is a god and a goddess from world mythology. The important point here, any and all ancient plays, such like, the valuable works of playwright Aeschylus provides a rich theme to classical mythology: every god or goddess likes to intervene with the race of humans.”
Davy Ray nodded. “Miss S, are you saying to me that the ancient gods and goddesses should not flirt with the race of humans back then and right here and right now?”
Miss S smiled. “I don’t see the harm of interaction between the gods, the goddesses, and the humans. I say to all. Let us have some fun!” She clapped with laughter. 
“Boo!” Billy Jack sneered.
“Naw!” Lara Lee frowned.
“Yee-haw!” Garth smiled.
She dropped her hands and slapped the table surface. "Think of the night sky as a circle! The night sky like your circle down on your piece of paper is divided it into twelve parts. Each part is like your home, which is called a house. As the sun travels in a circle, it enters into your house, such like, you are walking into your house and then eating some food from the refrigerator and then dumping all of your school books inside the living room and then going to the bathroom to urinate …”
Bobby Joe laughed. “Naw! I sh …”
“Bobby Joe!” Garth slammed his fist into Bobby Joe.
Miss S continued. “After your bodily functions have been eliminated, you go into your bed room and play on the internet, instead of doing your nightly homework assignments ..."
"That would be my girl Risa!" Davy Ray laughed and nodded to the girl. Risa turned and sneered at the silly male.
The teacher nodded to each face. "Then the sun settled inside your room with you, like a naughty girlfriend.”
Billy Jack laughed. “Yeehaw! Is my naughty girlfriend pretty like ...”
“... the Roman goddess of love, who is named Venus. Look at your circle! The sun sets outside the circle which usually represents your birth month. Please, place the month of your birth inside the appropriate pie space.”
Bobby Joe laughed. “I don’t know.”
".... your birth date. Then, you are a silly redneck.” The teacher slid off the chair and slowly moved around the room while surveying each student and their class assignment.
“I know the month, that I was birthed. Which pie does my birth month belong inside? I was birthed in the month of August.”
She stopped beside Bobby Joe and stared down at his circle. “You are born with a Leo personality. Write the month of August inside the eighth pie." She continued to stroll around the room and checked the progress of each student, returning back to the desk, sliding down in the chair. She nodded with a smile to each face. “Very good! Let us look at the differences between each house. The phase, Taurus rising, means this is your star or your personality …”
“… your shotgun.” Davy Ray laughed with the other students.
She nodded. “Or your shotgun becomes miffed, when a planet dominates your house. For fun, you are going to translate inside your house the intercepted sign, which makes you the interceptor for trouble or pleasure that dominates your house and your planet. If your planet dominates your house, then you are the bully on the playground tossing each kid off the swing. Some believe that your house holds a set of magical powers, as well. Let me use an example for the house of Aries, this human is a pioneer, who goes out into the world first while leaving his family member, friends, foes, and all the others behind. The house of Pisces swims through the waters of the emotions.”
Cinta slapped her chest and nodded to the teacher, shouting out loud. “I’m the house of …”
“... pain ..." Davy Ray laughed with the others. "Lara Lee is the house of constant thorny pain in my as …”
“As I was speaking here first, young man." Miss S frowned. "Thank you so very much for your acute observation. You live in your house that has been drawn on your sheet of paper. But, every house has a mother and a father, who usually rules over your teenly evil ways. Thus, that concept applies to your house here inside the science class. You are ruled, not by the flesh and bone parents, but by the celestial planet that lives in outer space. One good example, the planet of Mars is ruled by the star Aries. The planet of Neptune is ruled by the constellation Pisces. The planet of Venus is ruled by the fixed star of Taurus. The planet of Mercury is ruled by the star Gemini. However, the planet of Mars is the most powerful ruler of all the planets. Does that make sense?
“Today, we are studying all of the silly houses and their silly planets, because I don’t have a prepared lecture for your science class. I had been contacted at six o’clock, this morning, to appear here and substitute at this high school. I live in the city of Montgomery, which isn’t a short hop to here, without taking a train. So, I like the field of astronomy and decided to teach a short impromptu science lecture for today. I promise. Everyone will receive the letter grade of an A in class today. Let us have some more fun, before we go to the lunch meal. An astronomer can predict that something fantastic will happen over the skies of Earth, such like, a usual eclipse. A sun or moon eclipse might cause the loss of your mobile telephone service for a few hours or a few minutes. However, an astrologist believes that you as a flesh and bone teenage will be affected by your house within the planet. Your hair will grow longer. Or your teeth will become sharper. Or you will start to pee on the floor like a dog.” She laughed with the students and then nodded. “Your homework assignment …”
“Boo!” Davy Ray shouted.
“Naw!” Bobby Joe frowned.
“Boom!” Rwanda smiled.
“Yee-haw!” Beck smiled.
She continued. “Your homework assignment is due Friday morning on the fourteenth in a typed format, which I prefer. A hand-written report is totally acceptable to me, which must detail the date and the very rare celestial phenomena that hints from the paper in your hands. I have provided the named planets and the star map, which will easier lead you to your conclusion. Let us have some fun here and see if something will happen to you on this rare event. Who would like to become my first customer?" She stood from the chair and moved around the room, scanning each teen. "O! Did I have no takers in here? How about you, dear? What is your name?” She stopped in front of the student and pointed down at the blonde colored hair roots on Cinta.
“Cinta.” She slapped her chest and nodded to the substitute teacher.
“May I see your circle, Cinta!” She extended her hand to the teen and accepted the sheet of paper, reading the information out loud. “You are born with a Gemini personality which is ruled by the planet of Mercury. The planet of Mercury represents the sign of communications …”
“I told her right over there! Cinta talks all the dang time about everything, everyone, and everywhere.” Billy Jack laughed with the others.
Miss S looked up and smiled at Cinta. “Cinta is marked by a quick inventive mind. She is up-to-date on all current events …”
“... which is called hot student gossip here at this school.” Lara Lee turned and winked at Cinta.
Miss S smiled. “Cinta has shrewd powers of observation. She have an adaptable, versatile intellect, and intuition about the relationship of …”
“... sex …” Bobby Joe laughed.
“No, ma’am! Not me!” Cinta shook her curls at the teacher. 
“Shut up, Bobby Joe!” Garth reached over and slammed his fist into the chest on Bobby Joe.
Miss S nodded. “You also enjoy traveling.”
“Me! Me! Me! Come over here and pick me next, Miss S.” Rwanda lifted her paper in the air and waved her arms with a smile.
She continued to read the single sheet of paper. “Lastly, your star of Gemini is going to become swallowed up by the planet of Mars, which is dominating you and your personality and your mind and your heart. This is so interesting, to me, for you! You should definitely stay home this Friday night which is the fifteen of September and watch all of these ancient television programs on the tiny screen of your mobile telephone screen, dear.” The room of students exploded into loud laughter and jabbed a finger at Cinta from the upcoming secret, evil plot against classmate Beck Actworth that had been hatched by mastermind Cinta.
Cinta sneered at the substitute teacher. Risa giggled out loud and slapped both of her hands over her parted lips with amusement.
Miss S nodded with a smile and handed the sheet of paper back to Cinta. Cinta accepted the paper and frowned down at the funny image with confusion. The students slowly ceased the noise and stared at the cool substitute teacher with the cool science lesson for the day.
Miss S scooted sideways and stopped in front of Risa and nodded to the new female teen. “O! I see another dirty blonde teen girl. What is your name, honey?”
“Risa.” She smiled at the teacher and handed her sheet of paper for reading her astrology chart with amusement.
Miss S accepted the paper and read out loud for each pair of eardrums, looking up to see the teen. “Risa, your star of Taurus is rising over your planet of Venus. This is a love sign. Did you know that, dear?”
Risa giggled with delight and darted her eyeballs to Garth. He grinned with a goofy smile back to Risa. Billy Jack and Bobby Joe both reached over and slammed a fist punch into the bicep on Garth.
Miss S smiled at Risa. “You will form deep emotional love attachments.”
“Boom!” Davy Ray tossed both of his arms in the air and laughed with the others.
She nodded. “You exude great charm and wit. And you are a good conversationalist …”
“But she's not good in academics. That’s for dang shore!” Bobby Joe laughed with the others.
“You are popular with your friends and enjoying traveling. Marriage is very important for you. The fifteen of September will be a very nice day for you, Risa.” Miss S smiled and handed the paper back to the teen.
“Thank you!” Risa nodded with a grin and accepted the paper, staring down at the funny image and then looked up to see Garth. Garth nodded with a smile and slapped his chest with happiness. 
Miss S spun around with a smile and slowly scooted around the room. Each student raised their piece of paper in the air and wiggled the item for her attention. She stopped with a grin and stood in front of Beck, extending her hand. 
Beck chuckled and handed her his paper, nodding with a smile. “My name is Beck.”
She looked down and read his information to the class. “Beck, you are the constellation of Aries here on your sheet of paper. You are ruled by the planet of Mars. That means, you go after what you want. You are not discouraged by one or more obstacles. You possess sheer determination and strength of will expressing your shared energy best with your peers, which probably means, your family members.”
“Yeah, you got that right, honey!” Lara Lee smiled and slapped her chest.
Miss S continued. “You are a great leader and a fearless competitor ...”
“.... for the title of Novena Harvest Emperor …” Davy Ray chuckled with the others that knew of the evil plan against their classmate Beck.
“Very good!” She handed the paper back to Beck. He accepted it and stared down at the funny image while softly chuckling at the silly woman. Miss S spun around with a smile and shuffled ahead through the room, stopping in the rear of the room, tapping on collar bone on Garth. “May I?” She extended her hand to Garth.
Garth handed the paper and smiled at the teacher. "Garth."
Miss S looked down and gasped at the paper, reading out loud. “This is simply marvelous. Your star constellation is Pisces, which is ruled by the intuitive planet of Neptune. You are fired up on many levels within your life including physically, emotional, and mentally. You are a flaring bomb fire at the river bank. You are pure logic and reason. You find expression through beauty and harmony making your ultimate purpose love and marriage, which goes hand-and-hand with togetherness. You will become the king of your house. Well, I hope you have a queen inside your house of fun on the fifteen of September.” She handed back the paper back to the teen.
Garth accepted his paper and looked up, nodding to Risa. Risa smiled back with smiles of happiness too.
“Boom!” Davy Ray laughed.
“Yee-haw!” Billy Jack hollered.
“Lunchtime!” Bobby Joe smiled.
“Boo!” Lara Lee frowned.
Miss S returned back to the teacher desk and nodded to each teen. “I have one more item for your science lecture. There are two different ways for the Milky Way galaxy planets to align. Does anyone want to pitch me the working theory? I will award one hundred points towards your six-week grade of the semester.”
Garth raised his hand and smiled at the teacher. “The first way, when an individual hears the words planetary alignment, they imagine viewing the solar system of planets directly over the North Pole axis, which forms a straight line going towards the solar sun. Planet Mercury will be the first item, which is followed by the other four planets that is really hidden behind Mercury.”
Miss S nodded. “Very good, student Garth! You receive one hundred points.”
Beck tossed his hand in the air and said, slamming his hand on top of the tray. “The second type of alignment is where the planets follow a straight line, which is traced out in the pale blue sky. All the planets will line in the same plane or space in the sky, which can be seen with your pair of naked eyes. Each orbital plane will lie within a few degrees of Earth’s orbital plane appearing as a perfect straight line.”
She smiled. “You, too, receive one hundred points. My stars! We have lots of smart cowboys and cowgirls here at Apollo High School. I do believe that the smart cow-folks can determine their weekly homework assignment. Yay!” The school bell rang.
“Naw!” Billy Ray stood upright from the chair and shook his bone skull, exiting the room first.
Wednesday, September 11th


Patillo Farm location
Hot temperatures with sunny skies
04:13 pm


Coming from the end of the school session at three o'clock and the final band practice session at four o'clock within the heated sunrays, sweaty and smelly high school student Risa exited out her sports car inside the three-car garage and entered the house, slamming the garage door shut, moving through the kitchen space and then halted with a gasp of shock.
At the breakfast table, her father, her mother and Cox Actworth surrounded the wood lightly chatting and then stopped, when Risa entered the space.
Her father stood upright from the chair, moved ahead with a smile, stopped, leaning over, peaking a tiny fatherly kiss on the forehead on Risa. He pull back with a grin. "How was school, pumpkin?" Then he frowned. "What did you do to your hair, Risa?"
She gasped in shock and touched the ends on her hair which continued to morph into a blonde hue, without an explanation. Risa wiggled the ends and then nodded with a smile to her father, "Nothing! I did nothing, Dad. O this! My dark hair turns lighter from the bright sunlight."
He frowned. "And your pale tinted skin is getting some color. You need to wear sunscreen on your delicate skin, before you get a nasty sunburn, Risa."
She gasped in shock and dropped the ends of her hair, touching her cheekbones with concern. "Yes, sir! I will do that."
Her father nodded with a smile, spun around, and then pointed at the table with a smile, shoving his daughter towards the same table, stopping a few feet from Cox.
The wheelchair held her mother and sat on the curved end of the breakfast table and as her mother stared down at the floor, holding her aching head with dizziness in silence.
Cox lived in a wheelchair too from his genetic disease like his brothers and sat on the side of the table, looking up with a smile, extending his pale-colored hand to Risa. “Hello, Risa! This is a very nice occasion to finally meet you in person.” He matched Beck’s body color, facial features, voice, and wheelchair, but not Beck's black tinted eye frames. Cox's eye frames were bright yellow hue.
Risa shook the hand and nodded in silence while pondering the man and the plan here inside her kitchen.
Her father leaned over and whispered into the eardrum on his daughter. “This is excellent timing, Risa. Have a seat at the table for a few minutes!” He sat down in the an empty chair.
Risa scooted around her father and stared out the front window, seeing the white tinted service van that belonged to Cox Actworth while missing the big automobile the first time in front of her house. She spun around and sat down with a stern face on the opposite side of Cox, staring at the man in silence.
Her father nodded. “This is Cox Actworth. Cox is our legal law attorney for all our personal and business transactions regarding our farm, land, buildings and  other assets.”
Cox reached down into his briefcase in his lap and lifted up a stack of papers that contained a set of tiny red tinted tags, dropping the stack on top of the naked wood, pushing up the rim on his eyeglasses
Risa frowned at Cox. “Fiddlesticks! I know him and what he represents. Mr. Actworth is a lawyer from his law firm named Apollo Legal, which is right next door to the Apollo Bank, where we and all the folks of Apollo go for loans and monies.”
Cox tapped on the stack of papers and smiled to Risa, sliding the first piece of paper to the teen. “Risa, this is a signature note card from your parent's personal bank account at the Apollo Bank.”
She looked down and studied the item with puzzlement. “This form will access all of your money. Why is that, Dad?”
Her mother did not appear healthy. Her face appeared ashen and as her body was limp slumping down inside the wheelchair frame. Her chilled body were covered in two blankets from her chest down to her two legs. She did not view Risa but continued to stare down at the floor in pain.
He father turned and smiled at Risa. “This is only a precaution, Risa.”
“A precaution for what? Of what, exactly, Dad?” She exhaled in alarm.
He nodded. “In case of an emergency, this is all, Risa.” He reached over and gently patted Risa on the hand nodding with a smile. She reached down and signed the first from using her full name: Risa Dawn Patillo. Her father snatched the paper from Risa and handled with a smile back to Cox.
Cox lifted the second form and slid the item to Risa, pointing at the form. Cox explains. “This is the note card that will allow to access the business bank account for the farm that belongs to your parents. Please sign at the red tab, Risa.”
Risa looked down with a stern face and quickly studied the form, looking up to see her mother and then her father, returning back down, staring with the same stern face at the form. She looked up and stared at the far wall of dull green colored paint, tossing both of her arms in the air, shouting out loud. “O my stars! You’re dying. That’s why you going back to the medical physician for all of your special set of medical tests to determine which day that you will die. Mama! This all makes sense to me, now!” She viewed her mother with worry. Her mother did not move but continued to stare down at the floor in pain.
Her father shook his bone skull with a smile at his daughter. “Risa, you have a vivid imagination. You should major in theater and become an actress. Your mom is not dying and leaving me, you, and the planet for a very long time."
Risa exhaled with worry and looked down, studying the form, signing the line with her full name: Risa Dawn Patillo. “Then why I am signing all these papers for the farm business?” She looked down and scanned the third form, which listed all of the farm loans on the land, the house, the pieces of farm equipment, and the livestock animals and then she signed her name again.
Her father reached over and snatched the paper with a smile, handing to Cox. “You are our only blood relative here on the planet, Risa. This is a logical step for you to have the farm land and farm business, in case of an emergency.”
“Stop using that phrase, Dad!” Risa exhaled with more worry and quickly scribbled her name on the next form as her father grabbed the signed paper and handed to Cox.
Cox pointed down with a smile at the next paper. “This is …”
“No!” She stood upright from the chair and shook her dark brown hair with plenty of blonde tinted highlights coming from the heated sunrays. The small flower arrangement rattled on top of the table surface. Risa exhaled with worry and stared down at her father. “Tell me! Why I am signing papers when I just turned seventeen years old? I know that the legal age is eighteen years old here in Alabama for all adult decision…”
“Cox!” Mr. Patillo turned and smiled to his lawyer. “Could you please give us a moment and  wait for us at the bank lobby? We will finish here and come to the bank, before the closing hour of five with all my band papers, for you. I want to explain the legal documents to Risa as she finishes her signature work for you.”
 Cox nodded in silence with a smile and continued to hold his work briefcase in this lap, reaching down, using both of his arms and backed his rolling wheelchair away from table edge, without slapping the kitchen wall either. He smoothly maneuvered to the side and then slowly rolled the wheelchair forward moving through the kitchen archway, entering the living room setting. He turned and headed towards the screen door, banging the soft screen with his kneecaps, moving ahead towards his service van. He would load inside and then drive back to the bank waiting for Mr. Patillo.
Mr. Patillo and his work crew had already modified the living room setting, jerking out the carpet, removing the front door, replacing with a soft screen door and constructed a rolling ramp platform on the front porch down to the gravel driveway for his wife, which was an easy ride for Cox and his rolling wheelchair.
Inside the kitchen space, at the breakfast table, Risa spun around and stared out the window watching Cox. Cox left the farm in his van.
Her father tapped on the next paper with a smile. “This short stack contains numerous papers, Risa. You are our only daughter, which is logical for you to have access to our personal and business bank accounts for the house, the farm, the farmland, and the cows and horses. Today is different than in yesterday. You are of legal age at eighteen years old here in Alabama. So, we are granting our child access to the financial and legal bank accounts, which we are doing today. You will be going off to college in the summer having fun and enjoying your free spirited days of fun and play, before you return back here and take over the farmland. Your mom and I thought it best that you sign all the bank papers, so you don’t have to return back to Apollo during your college school session. And you will have a direct access to money for your living expenses there on the college campus, without bothering us. You’re one lucky little girl, Risa! Not many parents would trust their child with their bank accounts.” He smiled and patted her hand.
She exhaled with worry and viewed her mother, who held her face in her hands. Her parents were dying that was the logical conclusion.
Risa nodded with a stern face and wiggled inside the padded dining room chair, “Yes, sir!” She looked down and quickly scribbled her name on the rest of the papers without reading the details but scanning the words that included the deed to the farm land, the abstract for the homestead, and the final paper, the Last Will and Testimony form for her parents.
She held hold back her teardrops. This move didn't make any sense within her neurons. Her mother appeared dead without the smell looking pale and weak. Her husband didn't eat his food while worrying about his wife as he was going to die, right after her death.
Risa softly sobbed with worry and finished the paper, placing the blue ink pen on top of the form, exhaling with sorrow.
Her father grabbed the last form and stacked the papers in neat pile, placing the stack down into his worn brown tinted briefcase on the floor beside his leg, sitting upright, viewing Risa. “Your mother and I are going to bank to see Cox, before the bank closes at five o’clock. And it is too close to five in the afternoon. We’ll finish our part of the signature formality but probably will arrive home late in the evening. Don’t worry! You’ll be a rich little girl, when this is over. But, in the meantime, since your mom is not feeling well, I'll pick up three boxes of cheese pizza tonight, instead of a plate of hot pinto beans and corn bread for our dinner male. A nice treat for the evening!”
“Yes, sir!” She nodded with a fake smile and viewed her mother, who did not move her bone skull or acknowledgement the information, since Sunday afternoon. Her mother rested inside her wheelchair in pain during the daylight hours and inside her dark bedroom during the nighttime hours. 
Her husband shuffled from the chair with a fake smile and scooted around the breakfast table, posing behind the wheelchair, carefully moving the chair backwards from the table, without causing any injury to his wife. Risa continued to stared and sob without tears for her mother.
They exited the kitchen space and moved through the new living room floor, leaving the house, shuffling into the new service van in black hue. Her father had purchased the automobile yesterday for transporting his wife around the farm and inside the city of Apollo.
Inside the kitchen, Risa twisted around in the chair and stared out the window, watching them leave the house and the farm, disappearing down the county road. She swiftly stood upright and slammed the chair into the wall, slamming her fist down on the table, shouting out loud in fury and fright. “No!” She sobbed with  her true tears and exited the house, racing to the barn and viewed her new terrain vehicle, which was clean and shiny.
She slammed into the door and then jerked it open, sliding down into the cool leather seat, cranking the cold engine while sobbing with her sad tears. She plowed her boot sole on the gasoline pedal. The vehicle swiftly hauled its metal can from the yard and flew over the flat earth among bright ray of heated sunlight.
She twisted the steering wheel and followed the worn dirt path towards the northern pasture of grazing cows turning down the road to the hut, where Garth was located and played on his pair of pregnancy binoculars.
The vehicle soared ahead over an open field with knee-high wild red and yellow flowers that danced in the breeze. Her body bouncing up and down in the leather seat, forgetting the safety web while driving at forty miles-per-hour. The machine descended the sloped grade and fell down into the tiny stream of fresh water used by the cows for drinking. She lifted her boot off the pedal slowing her speed and then she hit the stream water spraying lovely waterfalls of water into the air bathing the four wheels, the two doors, Risa, and the underbelly of the vehicle.
She stomped her boot on the gasoline pedal and plowed through the pasture which was used for housing the beef cows, who did not pay attention to a human, until the human annoyed the bull for some silly reason. Risa whipped around their tiny groups of grazing skulls and wiggling tails.
She drove on top of the tractor path consisting of flat and dried packed brown dirt at fifty miles-per-hour leaving a tornado tail, wearing tears down her worried face. Her blurry eyeballs viewed the outline on the tiny hut. Her hands and feet knew where to drive the vehicle, without the use of her eyes and neurons.
Risa veered towards the secret but overgrowth pathway near both the hut and the picnic table from her youth. But a little child turned into a bigger kid, who liked to date the opposite sex and explore new sights and new places, not visit an overgrown playground area with trees and fruit plants.
“Garth!” She spotted him and yelled out loud with worry. Garth squatted on the grass and fiddled with his pair of pregnancy binoculars. Risa hollered, again. “Garth!”
He slowly stood upright from the grass and spun around, spotting Risa, waving with a smile.
Risa plowed through each mud puddle and steered towards Garth. He moved from the binocular stand and stood in the clearing, folding down at his waistline like he was going to caught the vehicle for fun.
She slammed the brakes and slid to the side, driving in the mud puddle and then compensated to the left, spinning in a half-circle with the two taillights facing Garth. The machine stopped facing the wheat field.
Risa scooted from the seat and slumped her shoulders with worry, without closing the door, spinning around and raced ahead to Garth still crying with fear. He moved ahead and collided with Risa for fun, laughing out loud and hugging her into chest. He stared at the vehicle. “You were not wearing your net webbing, sweetheart. That’s very dangerous…”
“My parents are dying.” Risa sobbed with tears and hugged his body.
He gasped in shock and pulled back, staring at her red-tinted sad face. “Dead! Did you say that your parents are dead?” 
She sobbed with tears. “No! They are dying.”
He pulled back with worry. “Sh! It’s okay. Breathe. You’re hyperventilating, sweetheart. Inhale with a deep breaths and then exhale with a slow deep breathes.” She swallowed the gathered thick salvia inside her mouth breathing through her parted lips, since her nose was clogged with clear snot of running mucus. He said. “Good girl! Dying, that's a strong word. What happened to your parents, Risa?”
She sobbed with tears. “Cox…”
“Cox Actworth, he is Beck’s older brother.”
“Cox was at my house when I came home, today, after school. He had papers, legal papers for me to sign.”
“Cox is a lawyer.”
She nodded with tears. “My parents have given the entire farm to me, because they’re dying of something. Why didn’t they say what sickness? They didn't tell me. Something is medical wrong with them. I’m going to be all alone in the world.” She cried with sorrow and fright.
He hugged her and leaned down kissing her earlobe, whispering into her eardrum. “Sh! You’re not going to be alone. I’m here with you. Let us together look at all the true facts. Is your mother and dad at the hospital in Montgomery?”
“No! But my mother goes to the medical physician this week for the upcoming medical tests that will determine when she dies."
He nodded.  “She had sustained a nasty bone break where that bull’s hoof hit her leg. She was very lucky that heifer didn’t slice off her bone clear through. Bullies are big and mean for a reason, since we eat them suckers with lots of greens and tons of taters…”
She softly giggled at Garth’s sick humor making her feel better about her dying parents. Risa loved them and didn't want her parents to leave her.
He said. “Your parents are a healthy pair of adults. I’ve see your dad eat three steaks, without burping out loud. Now, that’s a hardy and healthy male?”She smiled at his statement and looked down at the grass.
“My parents also signed a legal document for sections of their land holdings over to me and all of my brothers for some kinda tax and legal purposes, which I don’t really to understand. And I  didn’t ask either. I just scratched my name and initialed that solid line down at the bottom of every page. Did you do the same thing at your house with your parents for Cox?”
“Yeah!” She looked up with her blurry eyeballs and smiled to Garth.
“Do you see and feel that? This is no big deal. They are not dying. You are upset about your mom bumping into that big stubborn bull. Your parents are really smart in providing for your person for the rest of your living days here on Planet Earth.”
“O!” She had snot inside her nose holes going down her throat from crying, sneezing out loud. She smiled. “I am sorry.” She wiped her two eyelashes and her nose with a clean handkerchief from Garth, since a southern gentleman carry a handkerchiefs.
“I'm here for you, sweetie.”
“Thanks!” She cuddled into his chest with safety. He kissed her forehead. She pulled back and smiled at Garth. “Well, I’m going to become a crop farmer for the rest of my life and live right here and right now in Apollo. Did Cinta get a section of the land too?”
He shuffled ahead with Risa and moved them towards the picnic table while shaking his bone skull. “Naw! She doesn’t want any land. She’s going to travel around the world …”
“...after she graduates from college. Aren’t both of you going to visit the city of Paris in your travels?” She nodded.
He smiled. “Only if you wanna go as our honeymoon spot, after we marry, then we come back here and become a couple of crop farmers."
“But Cinta…” 
He frowned. “But, Cinta, what?”
“I feel so stupid making a big deal of signing some shiny fancy pieces of legal papers. I’m so sorry.”
He smiled. “Don’t be, babe! How about I calm you’re beating heart inside our hut…”
“I can’t. I’m not supposed to here, but at home taking a bath.”
He winked. “I can assist in there too.”
"You!" She blushed and stopped, standing beside the pole with the pregnancy binoculars.
“Garth!” He laughed.
“You, beast!” She giggled.
“No, Garth.” He leaned down and kissed her lips, pulling back with a smile, reaching out and patted the telescope. “Cheer up! On Monday morning, the sun, the moon, and the planets from Mercury to Saturn will cluster within an eighteen degree area across our skyline, making a total eclipse of the sun, but not here in the little town of Apollo which pretty much ensures a portend of doom.”
She smiled, “Thanks for making me feel better about my parents. They are not dying, but dying to hand me the farm, the house, the farm land, and the animals. Well, that's okay with me. Now, I am not going to submit my college application to college and immediately become a crop farmer the day after our high school graduation.”
He dropped down with a smile and rested on top of a man-made platform that was covered in colorful old blankets. His face was covered with the lenses on the pair of pregnancy binocular. He reached out and patted the extra room on top of the soft platform, staring through the lenses at the bright skyline at five o'clock. “Come over here and rest next to me, Risa! Come over here and look at the night sky! You will see what I am seeing and what our new science teacher is talking about with her astronomy nonsense.” She dropped down with a giggle and cuddled with Garth on top of the soft platform, staring at his nose profile, not through the twin lenses.
Garth looked through the glass lenses on the super powerful telescope and adjusted the side switches for a better view. “Do you that puke green colored round ball? That is the current location of tiny Mercury in outer space which is seen by the naked eyeball, if you know where to look or through a telescope like this one. Right now, the two planets of Mercury and Venus are twenty-six degrees apart." he smiled at the planet and stated. "I’m so glad you’re here, Risa.”
“Me, too!” She continued to smile at his nose profile without seeing the planet in the sky.
He continued to gaze in the telescope. “The two planets of Mars and Jupiter are twenty-one degrees apart.  The planet of Saturn is fourteen degrees away from Planet Jupiter. Tonight, the almost full moon will produce a pretty sight this evening.
“Yeah, I look a pretty sight,” she gazed at his chin, then his nose, then his left eyeball.
“The planet of Mars is two degrees from Planet Saturn and then moves away making the solar sun and the five planets span closer together. Planet Mercury will come within one-degree of Planet Venus, but not too close for our naked eyeballs."
“Naked eyeballs,” she giggled.
“The solar sun and the five planets are now falling within twenty-eight degrees of each other. You can start to see some of the planets looking like a great big white round ball during the night. On the scheduled Syzygy …”
“Zyzy thingy.” She smiled.
He chuckled and viewed the outer space planet through the telescope. “During this schedule celestial Zyzy thingy, the sun, the moon, and five planets will move and then fall within eighteen-degrees of each other, which is very, very, very close to our home, Planet Earth. Planet Jupiter will pass through an Earth-Sun-Jupiter planet alignment in the outer space skyline. Planet Mercury will slide by Jupiter. Saturn goes through a Venus-Sun-Jupiter planet alignment, where the two planets of Venus and Jupiter will be separated by only 45 seconds of an arc. Planet Venus will pass in front of Jupiter. Planet Mercury will zoom by Mars within one-degree. Jupiter runs through both Saturn and Venus after passing directly behind the sun within two-degrees from Mars. The final mass of bright stars including the sun, the moon, the planet, and the four other planets will occur on Monday afternoon on September the sixteenth..."
"Sweet sixteen!" She smiled.
He continued with a smile. "On September, the sixteenth, the planned Syzygy event will last one hour or 60 minutes or 360 seconds while creating a circle of eight-degrees in total diameter.”
“That’s hot!” She laughed.
“That’s not all either. The closest cluster with the five naked-eye planets had occurred on February, 27th, in the year 1953 B.C., when Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter, and Saturn had formed a four-degree circle. All seven heavenly bodies, five planets, the sun and the moon, was the closest ever on March 22nd in the year 1622 A.D. within fifteen-degrees of each other.”
“1622, is that year important for some reason here?” She frowned at his nose profile.
“On March 20th, in the year 2675 A.D, the next closest cluster of the same five stars will be occur within twenty-two degrees.”
“Wow! The month of March, in the year 2675 A.D., is 500 years from today, right now and right here.” She smiled.
He chuckled. "Uh! It would be over 600 years from today, a long time from now, darling! The gravitational strengths of each planet will be at the maximum payload. Big gigantic tidal waves will run across all the ocean waters and across all the seas, even in the smaller fresh lakes that are land locked within each continent, since our moon will become the closest object ever to Planet Earth. And some major and minor earthquakes will occur throughout the landmasses too. From the five planets, the major contributor to the destruction on Planet Earth will be Planet Venus.”
“Ah! Venus is the love planet, like I am the love child." She smiled at his nose profile.
He stared into the telescope, “Well, Planet Earth will become the love world on March 20th, in the year 2675 A.D. And the planet will project the strongest gravitation pulls which will affect the emotions of each earthling also."
She frowned at his nose profile, “How is that all possible? We live on a planet with grass, trees, animals, and clouds.”
“That day will also make human think goofy thoughts and mushy stuff, during the planetary alignment. Jupiter is the largest planet plus planet Saturn will absorb the sun’s light then bounce on poor Earth. A full egocentricity is impossible, thou…”
“Ego-center me!” She laughed at his nose profile.
“All the planets will never form a perfect straight line out from the solar sun or will be superimposed on each other in the skyline, because each planetary orbit is tilted slightly with respect to Planet Earth. Thus, if you view the night sky, then you see a planetary configuration or a loose grouping of the planets. The solar system is dominated by the sun, which contains 99.9 percent of the galaxy’s mass. The other tenth mass is composed of the gas giants and the solid bits from the other smaller worlds, like Planet Earth. Next week, on Monday afternoon, there’ll be presented over your skull and share a heliocentric planetary alignment. This Syzygy event had occurred 390 years ago, before I was born. Five of the planets will be on the same side of the sun within 96 degrees which is really close together in a straight line that fools the naked eyeballs. Does the Planet Earth ever tilt over? Naw! Do tidal waves trigger an earthquake? Yeah! Do the polar ice caps melt down? Yeah! Do you see the conjunction of dark planets? Yeah! Then, you were blinded from the light,” he chuckled.
“That sounds, not good!” She frowned.
He smiled  at the lenses. “My parents are planning a Planetary Party too. Do you wanna come to our party, Risa?”
“Yeah, I'll be under the eighteen-degrees of planetary alignment.” She giggled.
He laughed through the lenses, “That’s my cowgirl!"
Thursday, September 12th


Patillo Farm location
Hot temperatures with bright sunshine
04:12 pm


Risa trucked into the kitchen setting coming from her early release from school. Her parents sat at the breakfast table. He father waved to Risa. “Good, honey! Come in and sit down over here. We have something new information to share with you.” He slid the bowl of fresh fruit that contained green grapes, slices of red strawberries, and red tinted apples to his daughter.
She shuffled ahead with a smile and sat down in her assigned chair, reaching out, grabbing a handful of fruits and chewed the food. She viewed her mother, who still rested inside the wheelchair.
Her father nodded with a stern face. “Risa, we have some bad news to share. We have heard that elderly Actworth has their house and land up for sale.”
She gasped in shock. “Is Beck moving from our little cow town of Apollo? That's really weird. I wonder why. The Actworth land is a piece of fertile property for more cows or corn. Don’t you believe so, Dad?”
He smiled. “My baby will become a good crop farmer. We do  not engage in the nasty gossip going around the community. But I did see the walls of brown square boxes on the front porch and a big for sale sign on the roadside for the Actworth house and farm. We also met Cox at the bank this morning and finished signing our legal papers. He mentioned that we should start to find a new lawyer, since he is closing up his law office by the end of the month.”
“Beck is moving. Why is Beck and his family moving from Apollo, Dad? He won’t finish High School with me and Garth. You and Garth...”
Risa ate the grape and then chewed the food. “Me, Garth, and Cinta, we are all in the senior class together with Beck. Will he stay and graduate from high school with me, since there is only fours of school left?” She swallowed the food and then grabbed the apple slice, chewing the food.
Her father frowned. “There is eight months of school left, Risa, not four. Did you pass your math class in the eighth grade?” He exhaled with a smile. “We don’t know the answer to why, when or where, either. The Actworth Family is moving away from Apollo …”
“What city are they moving to? Is it another city here in Bama? Did you ask the Actworth clan?” Risa ate two grapes and chewed looking at her father.
“No, sweetie! The scoop is that the Warfield clan has proposed an offer on the Actworth land. But, that isn’t our business either. But the bad news, your mother and I cannot sent to you college, Risa. Maybe, next year, we can sent you to college, sweetheart.”
“O! I cannot go to college. Then I'll become a crop farmer, Daddy.” She swallowed the food and then grabbed a strawberry without chewing the fruit.
“No, you will not become a crop farmer Risa. Your mom and I will somehow send you off to college, next summer.” He nodded. “Well, pumpkin, we might have to sale off some of our fields, if your mother's medical treatment requires her to stay long inside a hospital there in the city of Montgomery.”
“Why does my mom had to stay longer inside a hospital room? Why are these medical tests that my mom needs?” Her esophagus dropped down into her belly with worry and fear.
“Tomorrow, your mom and I will raise and leave at four-thirty in the morning, leaving out from the farm with a load of cows and a bend of corn to the Farmer’s Market. Your mom will start her set of medical tests in the last afternoon while she spends the night inside the hospital...”
“Hospital!” She gasped in shock and viewed her mother with worry.
“This is only a precaution. The series of medical tests will make your mom tired and absent from her regular working duties here on the farm. So, we plan to stay the night on Friday evening there in the city of Montgomery departing late in the afternoon for our home arriving around the suppertime meal. So, you stay the evening with the Warfield clan. I’ll drop by and contact Annabelle for her motherly permission.”
She smiled. "Well, there's no need. I be spending-the-night with Cinta on every Friday evening, since we were ticks in the seventh grade.”
“This occasion calls for your southern manners rather than your redneck habits, Risa. Please remember that lesson and please discontinue using that hillbilly slang. Don’t you have homework to complete this evening? I will call you when the supper meal is ready.”
She stood upright from the chair and nodded with a smile. “Yes, sir!” Risa spun around with a fake smile and quickly rushed from the kitchen, through the living room setting and turned to the side, climbing the staircase to her bedroom without studying.

Friday, September 13th


Apollo High School location
Novena Festival setting
Warm temperatures with dull sunset rays
06:21 pm


Risa selfishly dangled her car keys in the air with her dominate hand while making tiny pings of noise and as a small red tinted backpack elegantly bounced against her shoulder blade that held her wallet for driving and her money for paying. Her free hand held the naked arm on her friend Cinta and as Risa towed her friend towards her parked sports car at Cinta's house.
 The closed and locked trunk on Risa's car held a sleeveless, V-neckline, ankle-length formal gown in stark white hue. This rare event called for Risa to look pure and innocent, even she was not. The gown had been wore at her homecoming dance last year, which still fit her non-growing body.
A second red tinted backpack lounged beside the folded gown and contained a pair of white tinted sandals. Usually, the color of white was not to be worn or seen after the summertime. However, Risa didn't feel like following theme colors, only surprising the heck outta of the audience members. Inside the red tinted backpack, a tube of cute brightly pink lipstick was hidden from her mother also.
Normally, Risa did not wear a pair of pink-painted lips from a tube of lipstick and had to borrow individual cosmetic makeup products from her friend Cinta before each football game, for fun, Mama. Risa's mom did not allow her only child to possess a tube of chap stick either. So, Risa used and abused the privilege straight down into fire hell, until she left her home and lived someplace else.
Risa smiled at her parked car. “Let’s go, Cinta! We’re running late. The Novena Festival. in my birthday month of heated September. started at six pm. You do remember how crowded some of the game booths get. I’m driving.”
Her evil plot was to dominate Cinta's tough personality throughout the Festival exhibitions which Cinta hated with a purple passion, Risa knew her friend like a true sister.
Cinta will run off and find one of the sweet cowboys to escort her around the remaining booths at the Festival while leaving Risa to play with herself. Then Risa can sneak off, change into her long formal white gown, and finally quickly stand-in for an absent Lara Lee as the substitute senior class Harvest Empress beside the senior class Harvest Emperor Beck. So, Beck would not become embarrassed at the Novena Festival because of all the other nasty seniors.
However, Beck and his family clan were planning to move away from the small town of Apollo, which was probably best for the teen. Him and his family members were not especially liked by the other people, which was all connected to money. Everybody and everything was connected to money. The Actworth clans possessed tons of money while the Warfield clan possessed tons of kids.
In the late evening, Risa stopped beside the passenger side on her car and released Cinta, opening the door, pointing inside the interior leather seat.
Cinta stood in place and stared at the clean shiny black leather interior in Risa's car, turning to see the other automobile. “I can drive us to the Novena Festival. Then we can stay for a few minutes and then leave before the crowning moment of embarrassment for Beck.” She returned back and laughed at the car.
She leaned over and smiled into the cheekbone on Cinta. “One, I have my car which has a full tank of gas. Two, your mother doesn’t like that you wrecked your car two months ago and still rely upon …”
“Did you tattle-tail my car wreck to your mother, Risa?” Cinta turned and sneered at her friend.
She flipped her hand with the car keys in the air. “Fiddlesticks, Cinta! Every person alive and, maybe, some dead ones, tattled to their grandmother and your mother and their mother. The entire township knows that your car somehow found that fence post chasing down Bobby Joe…”
“Fine! I’m getting into the car.” Cinta slid down inside the passenger seat and then slammed the door shut while pouting with frustration for wrecking her car.
She scooted around the front bumper and slid down into the seat, cranking the warm engine, letting it idol. She secured her safety belt as she had been taught…naw…drilled into her skull by her parents for love and protection. “Wear your safety belt, Cinta!”
Cinta had not been properly drilled by her parents. She reached down and fiddled with the seat belt buckling up her body, staring through the windshield.
Risa reached down and cut off the radio, turning on the headlights. It was not dark, but she drove with  the headlights on for safety.
Cinta frowned at the moving automobile. “We don’t have to leave so early, Risa.”
“Garth left at five-thirty.”
 Cinta turned and sneered at the nose profile on Risa. “Stop spying on Garth! You’re giving me an arm of raised goose bumps, every time I see your two eyeballs turn into his geographical direction, which includes during class in school, at the table in the kitchen, and watching television set inside my living room suite at my older, single, available, eligible blood-kind brother. Hot dangling, Risa! My mama is going to notice that something is up with you and him.”
“Your mama likes me.” She drove with a smirk concentrating on the road, driving a little faster than normal on the empty road that she knew by heart.
The Warfield farmland surrounded Risa's farmland. Part of the roadway on one side was owned and farmed by the Warfield clan. The other side belonged to the Actworth clan which went all the way downwards to the US Florida state line.
Cinta looked down and fiddled inside her purse, pulling out her red tinted lipstick tube, refreshing her lips. “Do you remember the plan, Risa? We leave right from the school campus, right before the overhead speaker announces for the set of representatives to come inside the gym which will be a few minutes, before eight o’clock. That is our vocal signal, where all the other senior students will left the Novena Festival, so we are not suspected with an involvement within the evil plot. Actworth, Senior can be a bull cow inside a glass shop as the old axiom goes, if he is provoked causing us some major trouble tomorrow morning.”
“Then, maybe, the plan should be foiled.” She softly giggled with her secret.
Cinta giggled. “Foiled! O! You mean folded like it should be closed down. Is that the proper verb that you’re trying to pronounce from your parted lips within your scattered brain cells, Risa?” she laughed with an evil tone.
She nodded with a smile and continued to drive faster. “Yeah, that’s the proper word my scattered brain cells was searching for. I received the alphabetic letter of D in my English grammar, last year.” Her rotten academic grades provided an excellent excuse with her upcoming evil plot. “I heard that the Actworth clan is leaving town.”
“They aren’t leaving the Novena Festival, since their precious son Beck represents the senior…” 
“No! My father told me that the Actworth clan is moving away from our hometown of Apollo.”
“No! The Actworth clan will never leave our hometown of Apollo.” Cinta dropped the tube of lipstick back down into her purse and reached down for her mobile telephone, reviewing any new text messages from her friends.
“My dad saw the actual 'For sale' sign on the roadside.”
She played on the phone, “No, Risa! They are not moving, never and ever, from our hometown of Apollo. Your dad needs a new pair of reading eyeglasses.”
“Cox told my father to find another lawyer, because his family is moving away from Apollo.”
She looked up and frowned at the nose profile on Risa. “Why is your father talking to Cox Actworth? Cox is a lawyer.”
Risa slowed her speed and turned into the school campus with a smile. “My parents have added my name to the farm bank accounts and legal papers, so I …”
She gasped in shock. “What! What did you say? Now, you own the entire farm, including the house, the barns, the tractors and the cows. How in the universe are you going to attend college, with me, if you’re responsible for an entire farm, Risa?”
Risa passed the regular student parking lot and then slowly turned onto a new shorter road, rolling down the pavement. “My parents take care of the farm, not me. I’m only seventeen years old. I’m not required to assume farm obligations. But my mom is injured right now. So, my parents decided to add my name, legally, to all the assets, Cinta. Garth’s name and all of his brother were added to the farm by his parents, too, sectioning out the farmland for their future.”
“No!” Cinta frowned.
“Yes!”
Cinta said. “No, Risa! Garth doesn’t own any parts of their farm, because he's going travel around the world, right after his high school graduation, leaving the tiny Apollo to see the city of Paris within the country of France first. He talks about it all the time and can’t wait to graduate from high school.”
She pursued her lips and narrowed her eyelashes at the new road pondering her mental thoughts. Yesterday afternoon, Garth had told Risa that he wanted to become a crop farmer. Cinta wanted to go to college and then travel the world.
Now, Cinta told that Garth wanted to travel and didn't hold any sections of the farm in order to become a crop farmer.
Cinta frowned. “I don’t understand you, now, Risa. You continue to spy on poor Garth. Then, you talk about becoming a crop farmer, not a college student. We had decided to go to college and share an apartment and then become a pair of famous horror novel writers. Now, you own a dang farm with farmland and cows. What is really going on here, with you, Risa? Which is the truth here, with you, Risa?”
“We’re here!” Risa twisted the steering wheel and then halted the car, without hitting a set of swing sets within the playground arena, parking her car and killed the engine with a smile.
Cinta turned and gasped in shock, pointing at the hard equipment in silence. Her eyeballs viewed a swing set, a big slide, several tree swings, and other elementary school playground equipment. Risa cut off the bright headlights making the ground dark. Cinta sneered. “This ain’t the student parking lot, girl best. I think I should drive us to any future event. The student parking lot back there. This is the kiddie playground. This is …”
“This is a perfect place for parking, if you need to escape from something evil, without detection, girl best. If I had parked in the student parking lot, then one of the many sin-eating Actworth clan members will recognize my sleek new sports car in fire engine red. You keep mentioning that we do not want to become a potential suspect from the executed evil plot. Back here, there is not a tall pole with a bright bulb, only that short one that’s casting shadows over the ground dulling my red finish on my car. Then, we scoot out from the Novena Festival and run back here, quickly driving back to your house while we are foreverly forgotten that we had been seen at the annual school event. The end!”
Cinta smirked her red lipstick and lifted her hand, slapping Risa's palm, dropping her hand down to her purse. “You’re a slick serpent, Risa. You are a good spy and a great escape planner. You go, girl best!”
"Yeah, I'm slick!" She cracked the door open. “Time to go! Do our thing!” Risa slid off the leather seat and leaned down, grabbed her red backpack from the rear floor, standing upright with a smile and closed the door. She scooted around the rear bumper and smiled at Cinta.
Cinta slid out from the seat and stood upright, staring at the rear of the building. “Where are we?”
She collided into Cinta and slammed the passenger door shut, entangling her arm over the arm of Cinta, swiftly shoving them towards the closed side door, where the elementary students exited the building for recess time with fun playground equipment. “We're standing on the elementary side of the school building, where all the children play on the afternoon. Don’t you remember our recess fun play time here in the second grade, Cinta?” Risa smirked in the darkness.
The historical playground pad had been moved, their days of free and frolic as a pair of young kids. Her father sat on the parent and teacher association and attended all the nightly meetings for upgrading the school grounds. Then her father discussed the new data with her mother at the dinner table. 
Risa didn't really listen but the words kinda stuck inside her brain cells like glue. Now, these words had been used in her evil slick plot against the original evil plan coming from the other senior students.
“Yeah, I remembered that.” Cinta frowned at the childish area.
Risa reached out and opened the closed door with a soft chuckle revealing an empty white concrete hallway with two walls in white paint with a ceiling of dull white overhead lamps without a glass window. Risa entered first and turned to face a long hallway waiting on Cinta. Cinta entered next and pulled up beside her friend.
Risa both shoved and then entangled her arm with Cinta down the empty hallway in silence. 
This was a second entrance point into the school gymnasium which was used by the elementary kids to access the playground for security or to access the gym floor space during a natural disaster drill.
Risa knew about the secret gymnasium passageway, because she had toured the space with her parents during one of planned the parent school inspections, last year. Her father ever went alone to the meeting when her mother went to attend her horses.
So, her evil plot will be implemented successfully, after Risa has filled up her personal red tinted backpack with as many cheap Festival prizes that will overflow out from the lip on the backpack. Cinta will become pissed off with Risa's sudden dominate behavior at the kiddie festival and then run off to find another cute cowboy satisfying her boredom. Then Risa will run faster away from Cinta rushing down this secret gymnasium empty hallway which leads out of the elementary side, within the ancient school building, reaching her personal sports car and then grab her party gear from the truck. Risa will lock her car and re-enter the same door, rushing down the same hallway and enter into the gymnasium that happens to be unlocked for any type of natural disaster preparedness for the State of Alabama legal code.
This particular side door into the gymnasium leads to the entrance archway of the Girl’s locker room, where Risa can change into her Harvest princess dress, without nosy Cinta or another nasty senior student knowing Risa's evil plot.
The high school gymnasium was a square shaped structure with a center stage platform that contained nothing on a regular day, but tonight the stage housed all of the new electronic toys that each Harvest royal couple could win including a plasma television sets, radios, computer laptops, mobile telephones, and other neat electronic stuff.
On each side of the center stage, there stood a square archway, without a door. The left archway indicated the Girl’s locker room space. This was also the grand entrance for each female Harvest royal representative. The opposite archway identified the Boy’s locker room, where each male Harvest royal representative would emerge.
Then the royal couple will meet in the middle on the gymnasium floor and stands beside the other candidates from the other grade classes. The winners has already been selected based on all of the school teachers, who served as the panel of judges based on the combined royal couple and their school grade point average.
Risa exhibited strong feels that the judging element within the Novena Festival was a little bias, since the town was a farm cow, not an academic campus. Most of the children and teens will become a crop farmer, not a college professor. Therefore, the smartest royal couple wins always and all the time. Even an ugly child can become a cute dumb farmer. 
Now, Risa understood. Cinta was angry about the Harvest Festival royal judging element, where she had conceived the idea of selecting smartass senior student Beck Actworth as the senior class representative to tease and defeat each school teacher. However, Risa had birthed a new plot that involved her good friend Beck.
Inside the empty hallway inside the elementary school section, Risa continued to drag Cinta over the concrete floor and whispered down into the eardrum on her friend. “This is my brilliant plan, Cinta. No one parks a car out here, but us for a quick getaway. No one uses this secret passage way, but us for a clean escape.”
Cinta continued to walk and then listened to her friend. Cinta was a smart but a smarter rebel, when she really wanted something and got that something no matter what or who was in her way. She nodded with a smile at the dull walls and headed towards a single dull red painted side door on the side wall. “I should tell the other kids.”
“Hmm! You told me that no other senior students are present here at the Novena Festival for the night event, Cinta. I thought it was just me and you …”
“Right yeah! That's right! So why are we here at the Festival? The day is early in the evening.”
Risa scanned the hallway without seeing a single guard or a weapon or a nosy senior student. She smiled. “I wanna form a long lasting memory today as I am a senior student at Apollo high school attending my last Novena Festival in which I can tell my grandchildren decades from now. I plan to live here in Apollo for the rest of my life.” Risa released Cinta and reached out, opening the door, revealing a new hallway.
Cinta entered first and stopped a few feet into the quiet hallway, spinning around, gasping at Risa. “Hot dangling! This is the entrance into the gymnasium. Get back from the open archway and back inside the hallway, before one of the teachers sees me.” She dashed ahead and shoved Risa from the open archway, stopping inside the hallway, exhaling with worry.
The set of good hydraulics on the metal frame on the gymnasium door slowly closed shut, where the heavy metal door did not squash a little kid, in case of a natural emergency.
Inside the hallway, Risa spun around with a smile and faced the opposite end, pointing at the other red tinted metal door. “O no! This is the wrong side. I'm sorry, Cinta. I don't walk down this side of the school building. I guess, the elementary door into the elementary classroom must be on the opposite end of us,” she softly giggled.
 Cinta hissed with annoyance and moved ahead, reaching out, jerking the hand on Risa, leading them to the correct door. She shouted out loud. “Let’s get out of here and get lost inside the Festival exhibitions, before a teacher recognizes me.”
They swiftly nosily trotted down the entire length of the hallway and reached a new set of ugly green tinted double doors. Cinta released Risa and reached out, opening the door, revealing a busy hallway with children, teens, teachers, and adults. The hallway held numerous open classrooms that designated the elementary grades, including kindergarten, first, second, third, fourth, and fifth with a matching puke green colored floor, in case, one of the kids vomited down on top of the floor which matched the floor. 
The middle school section within the same building housed the sixth, seventh, and eighth grades with a neon bright orange, which was the cheapest paint color at the local hardware store. The high school section comprised the ninth, tenth, eleventh, and twelfth grades, where each school student stared at four pale blue walls all day long, since the color was the official color of the school sports teams.
Inside the secret gymnasium hallway, in front of the open door, Cinta bust through the archway and stood a few feet inside the busy hallway, scanning each person. Groups of students and adults shuffled in and out from a series of rectangular archways that represented each grade classroom for the fun Festival games. The other groups moved inside and outside the school lunchroom space, where each food vendor was selling fresh steamed hotdogs, grilled hamburgers, juicy barbeque sandwiches, cold ice cream cones, boxes of hot buttered popcorn, caramel apples, dipped peanut banana sticks, and other food stuffs.
Risa moved inside the busy hallway with a smile and stood beside Cinta, scanning the children and adults, smelling each food item coming from the numerous food vendors inside the lunchroom. 
Cinta leaned over and whispered into the cheekbone of Risa, “I can't believe this. We got inside the Novena Festival free of charge. There’s no door monitor located here. You're a genius, Risa.”
She gasped in shock and viewed the true entrance point into the Novena Festival at the true entrance doors at the end of the hallway for all the participants. The purpose of the Novena Festival was raising money for the school to purchase books, paper notepads, and pencils for the students, since money was a big issue with everyone here in Apollo. Risa nodded with a stern face. “Then we should pay…”
“No, Risa!" She growled at her friend. "This is your brilliant idea parking outside near the kiddie playground. I do not want any trouble in here, especially, tonight, with any of the school teachers.”
She nodded with a stern face at the busy hallway seeing the individuals. If Risa received trouble, then she could not save Beck, that was her purpose here tonight at the Novena Festival. Maybe, once Beck was saved by Risa from a terrible embarrassment, he would appeal to his family to donor large sums of family money, before leaving Apollo.
Risa viewed the open archway for her first fun Festival exhibition inside the third grade classroom in front of her face and shuffled ahead, executing her evil plan with a smile. “You’re right, Cinta. Okay! Let's … ” She slammed into the Cinta and then  back stepped with a gasp of shock.
“… eat … ” Cinta turned and faced the door into the lunchroom with the food items.
She turned and frowned at the lunchroom doors. “Eat! We just snacked at your house, before coming here to the Festival.”
Cinta slowly moved ahead with a smile and pointed at the closed doors. “I want a box of hot, buttered popcorn and two caramel apples. My mama can't make a decent caramel apples. That’s the only reason we are here at the Novena Festival like a little kid, instead at my house watching a new Hollywood movie on the plasma television screen.”
She quickly rationalize Cinta’s words inside her mind, since Risa was present at the Novena Festival for a different reason and temporarily surrendered to her friend, because Cinta did not possess money inside her pretty leather purse hanging down from her collar bone, only her mobile telephone, a tube of red lipstick, and a second tube of black colored eye mascara. 
Risa usually paid for their togetherness entertainment at each school function, when they were hungry and tired from twirling a batons dashing into the open lunchroom for a soda and a snack, since Cinta’s mother did not approve of junk food either.  
She spun around and padded beside Cinta towards the lunchroom taking a slight detour from her evil plot. “Okay! Okay! Let’s get you some food! But you eat your food, while I play my games. I wanna play all the games going around the building, before we must to leave from our evil plan, Cinta.”
“You’re such as a baby, Risa. You can play the silly toddler games in order to format your long lasting memory as a senior student here at Apollo high school, as long as, my food items lasts until my stomach is filled.” Cinta had recorded all of Risa's word and actions.
Risa laughed out loud and softly clapped her hands with her evil plan, slamming open the door, padding into the lunchroom. She scanned the tables and each person. “Where is Garth located at this moment in time here at the Festival?”
Lines of adults, children, and teens formed behind each food vendor smelling the food, waiting their turn to order and then pay. Risa scanned the lunchroom space without really wondering about Garth but searched for another senior student, finding that Cinta was correct. Each one of her evil classmates had really ditched Beck which infuriated Risa with angry and filled her heart with revenge curdling her appetite for a food item.
“Garth is out there in or on the football field competing in the Pole Climb. That’s why he left the house so early to be one of the first climbers. Then he has to wait for the other stupid boys to finish their climb, before the winner the second wave of contenders.” Cinta quickly visited the selected food vendor and purchased each food item with Risa's money, slowly spinning around and stopped in the next food vender, eating the food. She hold a bag of hot buttered popcorn, two caramel apples, and a single chocolate cupcake, standing in the hotdog food line, talking with a mouthful of food, “We should ditch all of the toddler games, Risa. Then you can spend all your time with Garth making a long lasting high school memory that you cannot tell …”
Risa continued to scan the room for a nosy senior student. “You said that I spied too much on Garth in the car ride.”
She swallowed the food with a smile, “That ain’t spying. I’ll be right next to your person. So you have my permission to entertain Garth, while we watch the boring pole climbers.” Cinta ate the cupcake in two bites, chewing with a smile and then swallowed the item.
Risa gasped in shock and returned back, whispering into the cheekbone on her friend. “Bobby Joe is there also at the Pole Climbing event. That’s why you’re here with me. Ain't that right, Cinta?”
“Naw!”
“Yes! Come on here! Tell me the truth, Cinta!”
“No! Bobby Joe and Billy Jack are not here at the Festival. I told you they had been banned from showing a faces or a fanny here.” She bit into the apple and chewed. 
“We shall see.”
Cinta moved ahead and ordered a hotdog that fit in her free hand, after eating the cupcake. “You don’t believe me. Let’s go to the Pole Climbing event.” She scooted from the vendor and then spun around, consuming the food items, slowly heading towards the doors and slid around groups of people.
Risa spun around and pulled up beside Cinta, scanning the lunchroom for the final time without seeing another senior student from her grade and smirked with satisfaction.
They padded through the doors.
Risa reached out and grabbed the arm on Cinta, jerking them to the side wall towards the first open archway. Cinta spilled her beverage over the floor, not her clothes. Risa smiled. “You got your treats now. I get my tricks now! To the toddler games!” She laughed out loud and spun around, standing first person in front of long bright blue colored curtain drape.
Cinta stood in place and continued to chew with annoyance that didn't affect her stomach, slowly sliding to an empty space on the side wall that was not part of the Festival game or occupied with a huddle of wild children, watching Risa, waiting in frustration.
Risa giggled at the first Festival game for a child, not a teenage. 
The long curtain drape in bright electric blue hue fell three-fourths from the top down to the bottom of the open archway that represented the open ocean waters within the mental mind of a child.
This Festival fun game was called the Fishing Pond, where a fisherman (a child) received a heavy stick of wood (a fishing pole) with a long white piece of rope (a fishing line) that held a plastic three-inch wide drinking cup (the fishing bait) for carrying the catch (a fish).
Risa paid one dollar to the Festival monitor, who watched the gang of nasty teens and corrected any misbehaving kids, for the pleasure of fishing inside the Fishing Pond event and then she received a smooth broken tree limb with a thin piece of rope, tossing the rope with a tiny buckle-container over the dark blue drape fabric.
On the other side of the long curtain drape in bright blue, a school teacher placed a cheap prize inside plastic cup. The teacher tenderly tugged on the rope indicating that the fisherman had caught a fish.
Risa gently lifted the rope in the air and viewed the dangling plastic cup in front of the fabric curtain staring with a smile at the cheap toy prize: a wrist bone bracelet of fake dull beige colored pearls. The bracelet item original came from a sealed package with a little girl’s fake throat necklace, wrist bone bracelet, and finger ring.
Risa will donate her prize inside the playroom toy box at the church on Sunday morning for the female girls to enjoy during the worship service.
She retrieved her prize and handed the tree stick to the Festival monitor, who also assisted the younger and smaller elementary kids with their fishing pole event.
Cinta snorted in-between the bites of the hot, buttered popcorn. “I’d toss it back, Risa.”
Risa flipped open the lip of her tiny backpack placing her precious item down into the darkness as her first of many prizes for the night, sliding away from the growing line at the Fishing Pond event, scooting in front of the second Festival game. 
Each cute and humorous child's game for the Novena Festival was held inside several of the open classrooms within the elementary side on the ancient school building. Each doorway measured three feet across and ten feet in height for ease of an adult and a small child to enter the their new classroom together on the first day of the school session. And each classroom doorway was ten foot away from the next door classroom. Now, the empty space in-between the doorways were filled with a family clan or a group of older elementary child or a gang of teenagers.
Risa did not smoothly glide down the wall but jerked her body around each group of stationary people and finally stood in front of the wall and giggled out loud reading the hand-written sign in bold black letters: Teddy Bear Hug.
An adult was dressed in a big brown tinted, hot woolly bear suit made of matted fake brown material, wearing a sweet-looking Halloween face mask that was decorated with a pair of big oval-shaped eyeballs in amber hue, a pair of painted red-tinted smiling lips, and a pair of two egg-shaped bear ears on the top of the fake plastic mask.
She stood in line and laughed loud out at the cute scene. The child climbed up and sat down inside the bear's lap for a sweet bear hug, pulling back with a smile. The bear handed the child a game prize and shoved the kid off his lap for the next guest.
Cinta stood beside Risa and crunched on the apple. “Garth will become mighty jealous, if you touch that guy in that heated bear suit.”
She flipped her hand with laughter. “Forget it! I might get dog fleas. Let’s move to the next exhibition.” Risa started jerking around each group of stationary people again beside Cinta and finally stopped in front of an open archway and viewed the new Festival game: Shoot the Deer event. 
On the side wall, the kid tossed a sharp dart across three feet of air space and nicely popped a single yellow tinted balloon with a painted face of a cute doe. The cute doe deer balloon exhibited a pair of blue circles for the two eyeballs, a black dot for the nose, an orange tinted smile for the mouth and a pair of pink tinted alphabetic letter N for the two doe deer ear points.
Half of the balloons contained a set of real tree branch twigs of crooked lines that had been taped onto the rubber for a buck deer with eight anglers.
Risa entered the room with a smile and stood in line waiting her turn to shoot a doe while giggling with amusement at the fun game. Cinta stood beside her friend and contained to lick her sticky fingers and chewed on the caramel apple in silence.
On the opposite wall of dull beige paint a large rectangular piece of plywood stood eight feet high by three feet wide for each hunter. The hunter (a kid) shot his the rifle (a dart) at the stationary doe (a balloon) that was nailed onto the wooden podium 
The kid finished the kill shot for two does and left with two prizes.
Risa moved ahead with a smile and paid two dollars for her chance to shoot at two buck balloons and then received two game prizes, nodding with excitement of her hunt.
Cinta stood in front of the black board and finished the box of popcorn, sipping on the soda, watching Risa. Risa whipped out five dollars and handed to Cinta purchasing a cold soda for each one of them. 
Cinta accepted the money with a set of sticky finger pads and left the classroom, disappearing into the noisy hallway.
Risa was the next hunter for the game. Excuse and use the pun! She accepted the two darts, targeting a yellow tinted balloon with two tree branch tiny twig anglers, holding the single dart in a cupped hand. She aimed, shot and skimmed nose on Rudolph popping the balloon, revealing a toy gun.
The teacher removed the dart and the prize for Risa and then waited and watched.
Risa aimed her second dart, shot across the air space, and then penetrated the middle of the radius, popping the balloon. the dart fell down to the floor. The broken balloon revealed a tiny set of plastic soldiers.
The volunteer removed the second toy and moved ahead, extending the two prizes to Risa.
She accepted the two prizes with a set of giggles. Cinta returned and stood beside Risa, holding two soda, frowning at the silly toys.
Risa spun around and placed her two prizes down into the backpack without grabbing the soda, leaving the classroom with Cinta by her rib cage.
Cinta slurped the new soda and then laughed out loud. “Hmm! You’re should brought a bigger purse, Risa. You’re going to fill that one up quickly.”
Risa turned and winked with a smile to Cinta. “Then you, as my gopher rat assistant, can store all of my accumulated toddler prizes inside your bigger designer purse for me, girl best.” Cinta frowned at the rude suggestion.
Risa laughed out loud with her nasty thought as her evil plot was blooming like tight pink tinted rosebud in the morning sunlight. Risa scooted around the crowds and padded to the fourth grade classroom, stopping in the line at the open archway while silently  reading the hand-written sign in bold orange letters: Road Kill.
Each smaller student desk had been shoved to the side wall and replaced with four individual racing lanes. Four individual sheets of white tinted butcher paper, which was used to wrap raw meats of cow, pig and chicken rested on the floor in front of the forward wall with the black board.
A cheap plastic red and white colored three-wheeled tricycle stood in front of each sheet of butcher paper, without a rider. A tricycle was used by a small child learning to pedal their first man-made machine at the age of three years old.
The tricycle (a car) stood at the beginning of the driving road lane (butcher paper) with an individual unique medium-sized stuffed toy animal (alive critter) in the middle of the paper road, which needed to be ran over by the toy tricycle (a car) for the road kill event, in order to receive a game prize within fifteen seconds which was not a lot of time for a tall female teen, ya’ll. 
Risa handed her backpack to Cinta as both stood within the audience on the side wall. Risa paid her one dollar, moved ahead to the last racing lane, and then stopped, squatting her big fanny on top of tiny tricycle seat while creating her new and funny brain memory from her last Novena Festival as a senior student at Apollo High School.
This road kill race was timed against you and the clock, not against your racing opponent, since the object was to run over and then kill the stuffed animal (live critter) with your tricycle wheel within fifteen seconds or less.
She leaned her two breasts down against the small duel handlebars facing the forward wall, focusing on the stuffed animal in the middle of the paper, which appeared to be a medium-sized pink-tinted stuffed monkey. She place the tips of her boot toes in the middle of the tiny baby pedals and then impatiently wait for the sound of the bell while laughing out loud with humor.
The chime sounded with a loud bong for the start of the clock.
She slowly pedaled ahead, "One Mississippi.” She exhaled with sour breaths counting off the seconds by the trusty Mississippi time clock method and slowly rotate both her big kneecaps up and down while pumping life into the two baby pedals.
“Two Mississippi.” Her right boot toe quickly slid off the pedal and as she cursed. “Shit, Mississippi.” Risa stomped the pedal with her right toe again slowly driving towards the little harmless monkey toy, lifting both of her kneecaps up and down in the air, hitting the hard plastic baby handlebars.
“Five Mississippi.” Her tricycle wheel slid to the right almost slamming into next traveler inside his road lane and as she quickly compensated by steering the twin handles to the left straightening out her road vehicle for a direct path towards the little harmless monkey toy. 
“Eight Mississippi.” She was running out of time and about half way there, pedaling both of her boot toes faster, counting out loud. “Nine Mississippi.”
She was almost there keeping the who handler bars parallel in-between the two racing lands while rotating her two kneecaps, banging the snot of her knee bones against the hard plastic handle bars.
She counted out loud with a whisper. “Eleven Mississippi.” Risa slammed the front driver's wheel over the long pink tinted tail on the cute stuffed toy monkey and yelled out loud for fun. “Road kill! Road kill! Road kill!”
Risa kept driving ahead toward the forward wall and rotated both of her kneecaps in the air, hitting the hard plastic handle bars again, punching the poor harmless soft skull on the cute stuffed monkey into the hard wall while ensuring her successful win and her greedy prize and then skipped to a halt while laughing out loud like a crazy teen.
The teacher frowned down at the hair roots on Risa and held the tricycle handle bar, yelling out loud. “Road kill, over here! Give the big ugly teenager a silly kiddie prize.”
Risa scooted off the tricycle and frowned with annoyance at the nasty adult, accepting her prize in silence, spinning around with a fake smile to see Cinta. Cinta was working on the second caramel apple while sucking down the second cold soda that was meant for her friend. Risa moved ahead and reached out, grabbing her backpack from the floor beside Cinta's boot toe, stuffing the tiny pink-tinted stuffed toy monkey prize down into the dark space which was almost filled with all of her nifty Festival prizes and could barely close the lip without locking the button.
Cinta chewed the food and talked at the same time exhibiting her set of rude southern bell manners for the world. “We should scoot from here and move around to the high school side, since you want to extend your long lasting memory, because the time is passed seven o’clock, right here and right now. And we’re leaving from the school campus in your getaway car, right before the eight o'clock hour. The strike of bad luck for Beck Actworth!” She laughed with an evil tone and then consumed the second apple.
Risa didn't wear a wrist watch. Each man-made vehicle displayed a digital clocks on the console that showed the current time of day or night. When she was performing her farm chores, time did not matter as long as she had completed her farm chores per her father. And Risa didn't like twirling her baton wearing a piece of jewelry as the jewelry item interfered with her finger spins
Risa happily followed the back spine on Cinta and exited the classroom, skipping ahead, pulling beside her friend, shouting out loud. “Yeah, we leave right before eight o'clock hour,” not for Risa. She smirked with her my evil plot that was working very well.
Cinta and Risa flowed with the crowd and left the elementary door, padding over the hard concrete sidewalk through the inner courtyard without flowers but flat brown colored clay bricks, which were leftover materials coming from any new or remodeled residential houses.
The inner courtyard without grass or flowers stood in-between the gymnasium structure and the ancient school building without getting your boot heels wet from rain or water puddles.
No cars or trucks or horses were allowed to park inside the bricked courtyard, which was used for teen gatherings during sunshine and no gatherings during rain storms. The marching band member lined up her for band inspection time and then the grand entrance onto the football field before the start of the game. 
Apollo school building was comprised of all elementary, middle, and high school classrooms. On the side of the middle school building a home salon room stood for each female and some males learning to cook a hot meal for their future spouse and children, if their southern mother didn't know how to cook with a parallel work shop for each male and a few females learning to built wood products, such like, a bird house. The work shop staff members and students also learned to fear or tame their manly skills with all of the modern-day electric power tools, such like, a loud chain saw for a fun twirling time . 
The front of the ancient school was always locked and bolted wearing a single metal front door in bright yellow hue, where the principal's office and a teacher's lounge was located and faced US Highway 20. The student entrance points resided on the opposite end at each wall corner for ease in traveling plus observation duty from each alert school teacher.
No trouble existed on the campus of Apollo high school ever, if so, it was squashed immediately by the dedicated staff members.
A student parking lot in dull gray pavement with a few deep dirt potholes, that would wreck a car's suspension, stood parallel to the ancient middle and high school building. A small sport stadium connected the parking lot pavement and the gymnasium building and stood in front of a thick grove of tall shade trees with singing and growling wildlife.
No student or teacher or adult or alien entered that plot of forestland for any reason.
A long overhang from rain prevention designated the gymnasium building and led into a rectangular-sized lobby space that held a wall of galls on the forward wall which contained all the sports trophies, since the year 1918 or 1981 or 1819 or 1891.
Risa could not remember as she was not good with math numbers.
Inside the lobby space, at the end of the glass wall with trophies, an entrance archway stood with open doors leading into a polished floor of glittering wooden planks. Three wall of bleacher stands surrounded the floor and faced the center stage of nothing.
In the heated night air, Cinta and Risa slowly padded over the bricked courtyard with the other attendees and moved towards the stadium. Risa turned and smiled at the entrance point into the high school. “Let’s hit the middle school section next! I promise to limit my play to one game.”
Cinta sucked down the soda and swallowed the cool liquid, shaking her curls, saying with a frown. “No, Risa! You go and finish up a couple of more silly kiddie games on this side of the building and then win a couple of more ridicule prizes. Then we both go and sit together on the bleachers and watch Garth win the Pole Climb for the last time and then we all leave the school campus and go back to my home waiting for the bad news while watching the newest Hollywood movie film on our plasma television. The end!” She laughed with an evil tone with her brilliant revenge plot against silly Beck Actworth. 
“How do you know that Garth is going to win the Pole Climbing event?”
She smiled. “He won last year.”

Risa reached out and grabbed Cinta by the arm, jerking them towards the high school section, looking for one more silly Festival game to annoy Cinta into leaving earlier with her brother Garth, so Risa could implement her evil plan.
Garth had not voiced if he was for or against the evil plot on classmate Beck Actworth. And Risa had no time to quickly quiz Garth about his mushy feelings, before the start of the Novena Festival. However, Risa truly believed that Garth did not know about the evil plan as he was a man of honor and honesty.
Risa frowned. “Everyone got a prize last year …”
“... because of the greased pole incident,” Cinta chuckled.
Risa had recalled that big stink, when each one of the pole climber had received a nice prize for touching the greasy pole.
Risa laughed. “That…” thing that Bobby Joe did was caught and then he was finally punished for the first time in his life. She was quite sure there had been other Festival and school incidents by one or both of the evil twins which had not been reported to the principal.
“I don’t wanna to talk about, Risa. Have pity on me, tonight! I don’t wanna to come the Festival, because Bobby Joe can’t be here, since he banned and I’m stuck with you.”
Risa smile. “O! I am so sorry here! You are stuck with me, since I like being stuck with me.” She enjoyed patting Cinta’s bruised ego and glad Bobby Joe was not here causing trouble for Risa or Beck.
They stomped up each hard concrete step and landed down into the dull beige colored hallway with a dull wooden floor, a familiar place for the past four years  for both of the teens. They strolled by the senior classroom. 
Apollo was a small county school, which was a common site here in the lower parts within the US State of Alabama. The lower sections of Bama displayed miles of flat fertile farmland and numerous farm families, but not much industry or commercial businesses such like, a bank, a hospitals, a national department store, or a hotel, like the bigger metro cities.
The school building held twelve classrooms for each academic grade, excluding the kindergarten classroom, a band room, a lunch room, a work shop, and a housekeeping salon, so each student studied, worked, played and fought together, like a litter of kittens and then moved together, like a school of fish to the next academic grade level, until become a room of smart pre-teens and then a gang of smartass teenagers that enjoyed annoying all the school teachers until the day of graduation from Apollo high school. Each class held about forty students more or less.
Inside the dull hallway of the high school section, Cinta stared into the senior class homeroom setting with a smile. “O! The teacher hasn’t closed down the Apple Bobbing display from fighting, yet. Do you feel like getting your hair wet, girl best? You might get a new radio or some cool electronic gadget for the torture and torment of a wet face,” she chuckled.
Risa stared into her senior classroom with worry. “Who's the mean representative that has been ordered to drown all of the eighth graders, this year?  We passed the room setting too quickly for my two eyeballs.”
She laughed with a nod. “I saw John Covey and Lloyd Mac dunking some middle school heads down into the dirty water with all of the uneaten apples. The old Harvest tradition so continues with and without us. Do you plan to volunteer for the Apple Bobbing event, next year, Risa?”
Risa frowned. “No! That is a stupid school tradition. I don’t understand why the principal allows the gone and graduated last year senior students to return back here at the school and annoy the lower grade students.”
"The current old principle initiated the tradition, after she had graduated eons ago from here. That’s why it runs every year.”
“Whatever!” Risa softly moaned and continued down the hallway to the next classroom.
Cinta glanced at the open archway with a smile that displayed a line of female students. “Or you go and can kiss on Lewis Ollie for one dollar. The tenth and eleventh graders always get dibs on the 'Kissing Booth' exhibitions that hangs inside each open doorway. The 'Boy Kissing Booth' exhibition makes the most money from each mouth drooling pre-teen and teen girl at the end of the night winning that oversized plasma television screen for each tenth and eleventh grade teacher.”
“I wouldn’t let Lewis Ollie kiss my beagle’s butthole with his tobacco stained teeth.”
Cinta smiled. “Awe! But he smells so good sweet like wintergreen candy with his new dipping tobacco. Did you like the taste of sweet candy, Risa?”
She stared at the show action on each kissing booth also, “I like to taste and feel real strawberry candy.”
Cinta slowed and then halted with a gasp beside the tenth grade archway. Eleventh grader Clara Nell was sucking on the face of the tenth grade boy. She stared at Davy Ray and Garth and shouted out loud. “Garth! Davy Ray!” Each male twisted a face and smiled to Cinta, moving away from the line of girls towards Risa and Cinta. Cinta frowned at Garth. “Did the Pole Climbing event close? Did you finish the race?”
Davy Ray stopped and stood in front Cinta and Risa, elbowing Garth with laughter. “Naw, girl! Garth got cut just like last spring in baseball practice being too slow on the pole when he was compared to these swift-ass tenth graders.” He laughed alone.
She gasped in shock. “Did you really get beaten up by a tenth grader?”
“I got a dirt bike from last year.” Garth smiled.
Risa wiggled with flirtation and defended her man. “That's right! He won last year. Let’s go and play a new Festival game, Garth!” She shuffled into his chest and winked at him, spinning around, shifting her fanny into his jeans while giggling with silliness. He chuckled with her flirting moves and hugged Risa, slowing shuffling them ahead, sliding Risa beside his rib cage. 
Davy Ray and Cinta moved ahead and pulled up beside Risa, steering towards the middle school section of the building.
Cinta leaned over and stared at each face. “Now, we will leave the school campus, right before eight o’clock hours. So, do not get carried away with your fake Festival game plays here, Risa!” She stood upright and licked the sticky caramel from her dirty fingers.
Risa grunted with annoyance and then leaned over, whispering into the eardrum on Garth, “Have you ...”
Garth turned his face and gasped in shock, jerking Risa sideways towards the next Festival exhibition at the eighth grade archway while shouting out loud. “Hoop Shoot! I can shoot a ball into a basket. Do you want me to win you pretty pony toy, princess?” He released Risa and entered the classroom. Risa followed behind along with Davy Ray and Cinta in silence.
Inside the room setting without rows of student desks that were piled in the far wall corner, the tall teacher stood on the forward wall and pointed at a stationary portal game basketball hoop in the center of the room and handed a single basketball to Garth. Garth shuffled to the side wall and stood against the paint, aiming the ball and then tossed the object into the hoop for a fame prize. The teacher handed Garth a small purple colored stuffed pony and then chased after the rolling basketball over the floor.
Garth spun around from the game and shook the pony beside his smile, quickly moving back to Risa and then stopped in front of her face. He gave her the pony and then leaned down, kissing her lips for a second public display of affection, in front of the other students. A howl of loud shouts echoed behind them. He pulled back and winked at his girl. “Do you want a second pony, honey? That was fun and easy.” 
Risa shook her curls in silence and cuddled the pony, shuffling Garth away from the archway, moving back into the hallway. She leaned into his face and whispered. "Have you ..."
Garth gasped in shock and jerked Risa again from the hallway into a new archway, pointing at the next Festival game. "Sack Hit! I love to play sack hit. You toss a rubber ball down into a paper brown sack and win a single prize. I can sack the grocery paper for prize, darling.”
She faked a smile and parted her lips, when the familiar child's song played the familiar musical notes without the words: Pop! Goes the Weasel.
He heard the fun childish song bombarding his two eardrums and his active mind. Garth spun around with a smile and rapidly jerked Risa away from the archway, swiftly padding down the hallway to the next classroom. He stopped with Risa and stood in the archway, mouth drooling over the event. “This is the new housekeeping salon which is housing a cake walk. Let’s go and do the cake walk. Let’s play the cake walk game!” Garth pulled her into the new housekeeping salon room. 
The room held a rectangular size with true kitchen eight stove top ovens on the side wall with an individual counter top for each new student chef learning to bake a cupcake and fry a pan of hog bacon. On the opposite wall, true eight sewing machines were closed shut, where each new student seamstress learned to make a sundress or a curtain drape for their person or their bedroom.
On the forward wall, with a tall black colored chalk board, the teacher possessed a sewing machine and a single oven stove top for physical demonstration, not an office desk with stack of papers or piles of ink pens. On the rear wall, a long naked wooden table stood and used to prepare each cooked meal or cut out a new home-made dress pattern with scissors for each new housekeeping salon student. Tonight, a young musician operated an old fashion record player with actually plastic 35 mm musical records and produced each fun kiddie song that activated the fun Cake Walk event for each participate. Cinta and Davy Ray drifted inside the semi-busy hallway while gossiping with the other high school students, not a senior student.
Inside the room, Risa and Garth moved inside and stood with the other participates for the new show.
Inside the center of the large room, three naked, wooden, rounded table held an assortment of various food desserts ranging from pies to cakes to puddings to cupcakes for the winner of the Cake Walk event. However, the cake walk event was both fun and fruitful for the winner alone.
A human does not sit but stands in-between one of the six empty chairs that surrounds the round naked wooden table. When the musical song starts, which is the familiar child’s song Pop Goes the Weasel, the human walks slowly around the edge of the food table. When the music stops playing, the human sits down in the closest empty chair, as fast as, the human could, before another human sits down first and grabs the empty chair.
At the start of the game, six empty chairs and seven participates stand alone and lonely. During the game, when the music stops, each human quickly scribbles for an empty chair. The last or seventh person standing is tossed out from the cake walk game, without winning.
The music starts again. The six participates stand upright and then one of the chairs is removed from the table with sounds of boos and hisses in fun which is part of the cake walk game, leaving only five empty chairs. The six participates slowly walk around the edge of the table and touch the chair, hoping the musical song stops in front of that empty chair. Then the music stops, each participate scribbles for an empty chair, sitting down with evil laughter. The standing participate is removed along with another chair.
Then the fun process repeats, until one human is sitting down, not standing upright for the win. The sitting down individual wins the event and is allowed to select any food dessert on their table.
Risa felt worry and frustration, standing next to Garth, staring at the stupid cake walk event. She really wanted to ask Garth about the evil plot and rubbed his arm, tugging on his limb. Garth continued to mouth drool over each food dessert and slammed each empty pocket on his pair of faded and shredded blue jeans. She whispered with concern into his cheekbone. “Why are we doing this event? I see my mom's pe-can pie in the center of table number two. I get a slice of pecan pie free at home. I wanna...”
“Do you have any more money, Risa? I only got a dollar for my person." He held the item near his smile.
She faked a smile and reached down into her blue jeans, whipping out one dollar bill, handing to the teacher. "I'll pay the guy for the both of us to play the cake walk game, cowboy."
He moved ahead with a smile. "Good! Thanks! I wanna win a food dessert for my mom.” Garth stopped and stood in-between two empty chairs in front of a middle-aged male
She moved ahead with a stern face and stopped, standing in front of Garth, staring down at the empty folding chair in dull beige metal. He reached over and tickled her numerous body parts as she giggled with silliness.
The rest of the positions around the three tables quickly filled up an individual.
The music started.
Risa turned to the side and led Garth following behind the back spine on a seventh grader, touching the back rest on each empty chair with her middle finger while pretending to claim the chair as her own property. The music stopped. She dropped both of her palms over the smooth metal seat and then sat down on top of her hands claiming the empty chair, staying the game.
The poor seventh grader was too slow with his action, missing the empty chair, leaving the cake walk game on the first round. Garth claimed the empty seat next to Risa while grinning at each other.
The music started to play the familiar song.
Each person stood upright from their claimed metal chair cheering with happiness. The teacher removed one chair and repositioned four chairs about the same distance for the five participates giving each player a fighting chance to grab an empty chair. The table of participates booed and hissed for fun.
Then the line of participates started slowly walking around the table to win a cake, which was called the cake walk.
“Round and round the cobbler’s bench, the monkey chased the weasel. The monkey thought ‘twas all in fun. Pop! Goes the weasel.” Then music stopped.
Risa grabbed the empty chair. Garth spun around and grabbed the same chair. She gasped in shock and shoved the fat older woman from her empty chair, sitting down instead, sounding with an evil laugh. The fat woman looked down and huffed at Risa, leaving the classroom.
In her chair, Risa turned and yelled into the cheekbone on Garth. “Ya cheated with my chair.”
In his chair, Garth turned and laughed back at his girl. “For pumpkin pie, I steal anytime.”
The music started.
Each participate stood upright from their claimed chair. The teacher removed another chair leaving three chairs and four cake walkers. Risa skipped around the table without touching the chair which measured a greater distance from each other. 
The music played, “Round and round the cobbler’s bench.” Then the music stopped.
She quickly raced to an empty chair beating out a tall guy. The tall guy had passed the chair without the hope of sitting down. Risa sat down and hold onto the edge growling at each participate in the fight for the win of a food dessert.
The tall guy spun around and reached out, grabbing the naked arm on Risa while trying to viciously wrangle the teenager from the metal seat. The teacher reacted and tapped his collar bone for physically attacking Risa.
Garth rudely bumped an older student out of his way then sat sideways in the chair on the opposite side of the table while sneering at any participates also.
The music started. Each participate stood upright. The teacher removed one chair leaving two chair and three cake walkers. Each walker marched around a wooden table hearing the musical words and notes.
“Round and round the cobbler’s bench, the monkey chased the weasel. The monkey thought ‘twas all in fun.”
Then music stopped.
Risa grabbed an empty chair in front of her legs, the first chair. Garth landed down on the second empty chair also. The standing older student sneered down at Risa and then left the classroom.
The music started. The teacher moved over and tapped Garth on the collar bone. Garth did not stand but laughed. The teacher frowned and pointed down at the chair. Garth stood upright. The teacher jerked the chair from the floor.
Garth and Risa danced around the table and collided into each other while fighting over the single empty metal chair and the invisible crown of the winning cake walker.
The music continued to play as they continued to fight and shove each other around the table.
“Round and round the cobbler’s bench, the monkey chased the weasel. The monkey thought ‘twas all in fun. Pop! Goes the weasel. Round and round the cobbler’s bench, the monkey chased the weasel.” 
Garth was closest to the single empty metal chair. Risa had passed the single chair on her second trot and raced ahead slamming her body into his back spine. He spun around and grunted with pretend pain, winking and then hugged her body with laughter, walking backwards. She jerked back from his body and stuck her tongue at Garth for fun. The audience chuckled at their cute entertainment performance.
The music stopped.
Garth gasped in alert and slid down into the empty eat. Risa gasped in alarm and sat down in his lap. He laughed and wrapped his arms around his girl. The teacher stomped to the chair with two individual and jabbed a finger at Risa. “No! No! No! He wins. You must get out of his lap, young lady.”
Garth looked up and winked to the teacher unwrapping his arm from Risa, “She’s my girl. It’s okay. We both won tonight. Get up and pick out a food dessert, Risa.”
She stood upright with a smile and spun around, surveying the different desserts, pointing at the red velvet cake. Her mother liked that cake. Risa leaned down and whispered to the teacher her new instructions.
The teacher would label and hold the cake for Risa, after the crowning of the Harvest Emperor and Empress event ended and the crowd dispersed back home.
Inside the semi-empty hallway, Cinta heard the music stop and watched the losers leave the Cake Walk event, finishing her food items, standing beside Davy Ray. They continued to chat and laugh at the upcoming embarrassment for Beck Actworth.
Garth and Risa exited the classroom with a set of chuckle and smiled and then stood in front of Cinta and Davy Ray. Cinta reached out with her dirty hand and giggled with delight, dragging her friend towards the seventh grade classroom with the hand-written sign in dark green letters: Face Painting.
Risa had less than fifteen minutes, before the big hand hit the eight o’clock hour on her mobile telephone screen.
Cinta released Risa and entered the classroom, moving to one of the four short tables, where a silly clown painter held up a single brush and a single water based paint. She tossed both of her arms in the air and laughed out loud. “This is our last Festival game for the late night making our last Novena Festival as a senior student at Apollo High school vividly burn foreverly inside our mind. Ain't that right, Risa?” She spun around and sat down, surveying the line of colorful paints.
Risa entered the room and stopped a few feet from the open archway, gasping in alarm, staring at the empty tables and the line of kiddie paints that went on the human face. 
On the first table, Cinta pointed down at each color with a smile. “I wanna paint my face like a bunny rabbit with a set of black whiskers, a pink nose, and a couple of furry white ears.”
Davy Ray entered the room and flopped down at the second empty table. “Paint me as a hunter to shoot that pretty bunny rabbit over there!” Cinta turned and buzzed her lips at nasty boy Davy Ray. He chuckles. The clown painter smeared a thick blob of dark green paint on his forehead with laughter also.
Inside the room, Risa back stepped with worry from the short table, since she did not have the time for a face painting job. She didn't have time to wash the colorful paint from face, before entering the gymnasium floor to stand beside Beck Actworth during the Harvest Festival royalty event.
At the first table, Cinta pointed at the three small table. "Sit, girl! Risa will be a precious kitten or a cute doggie.”
Risa slammed her fanny into an upright Garth while staring at the various face paints and whispered for her eardrum only. “No.”
On the first table, the clown painter whacked a thick gob of pink paint on Cinta's face. Cinta closed her two eyelashes and shouted out loud. "Yes! Risa will wear a cute kitten face, ain't that right, Garth?”
Risa was trapped in-between Garth’s biceps and shook her curls wiggling her body with an escape. “No! I don’t want that smelly paint on my face. It makes me sick with nausea.”
Garth leaned down and smiled into her eardrum. “I like to see you like painted as a sex kitten, babe.”
Risa exhaled with worry pondering what to do next without making Garth mad and Cinta suspicion. However, she really needed to leave this room and substitute as the senior class Harvest Empress for Lara Lee, wearing her wrinkled gown that was hiding in her locked trunk inside her sports car, without one's knowledge or help.
She surrender and tossed both of her arms in the air, jogging to the third table alone, sliding down. She shouted out loud and pointed to her naked face. “I want a pink nose, two white triangles over each one of eyebrows for the kitten ear points and two sets of whiskers but made them all white.” She figured the water colored paint of white hue would wash off faster than the color of black. The clown painter smashed a blob of pink hue on the nose bridge of Risa. the pink paint splashed down her tee shirt and her chin. Risa felt the pretend wasps stinging the inside her bowels with both excitement and anxiousness of her upcoming evil plot.
Garth moved ahead and stood behind Risa, nodding with a smile.
Throughout each classroom, the overhead speaker box over the black board sounded with the voice of the principal. “All Harvest Festival royal representatives, please come here and report to the gymnasium staff for your attendance in the annual Harvest Festival royal event. That is all!”
Inside the seventh grade classroom, at the third short table, her heart sunk down into her toes inside each boots and as Risa was trapped in a chair and covered in paint. Her nose itched and two eyeballs watered from frustration and fear that she could not executer her evil plot against the rest of the senior student and save Beck.
The first clown painter had finished the face painting on Cinta.
Cinta appeared and stood besides Garth. Her face was painted with a white background and a pink round spot for the bunny nose, three sets of black horizontal lines across her two cheeks for the bunny whiskers and a pair of triangle red for each bunny ear looking similar to bunny rabbit. She pointed down at the line of paints. “Give her a pair of black colored whiskers, not white. You can hardly see the paint, Risa.” The clown re-painted a black streak over the white lines across the cheekbones on Risa. Risa steamed with fury and panic in silence.  Garth smiled. Cinta injected with her bossy personality. “And cover her two white ears with black also.” The clown re-painted each white cat ear. “More stripes for the cat whiskers too.”
Risa quickly stood from the chair with fury and worry. The table shook and rattled the tiny bottles of water and paint. She moved ahead and started to wipe off the sticky paint. “We need to leave the school campus. And the paint is itching my face. I need to take it off.” She reached down and jerked up the tail end on her tee shirt, wiping her wet face of colored paint, swiftly moving towards the archway.
Davy Ray pulled up beside Risa and displayed a series of vertical lines in green, white, black, and brown looking like a war battle solider than rather a redneck deer hunter.
The overhead speaker box announced the new event inside the gymnasium. “Good evening, folks of Apollo!” The audience inside the gym clapped that was heard over the loud speakers. The announcer said. “Welcome to the 112th Novena Festival. We will start the competition with our little tikes from the elementary section of the high school, which represent the kindergarten, first, second grades for the tiny Harvest Prince and Harvest Princess.” The clapping echoed over the loud speaker. The announcer voiced. “Our precious kindergarten class is represented by Miss Daisy Ann, who is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Charlie Estes and Mister Lester Neal, who is the son of Mr. and Mrs. …” 
Inside the middle school hallway, Risa raced down an empty corridor and exited the school building, racing into the night air and then stopped, standing on top of the inner courtyard. She watched Garth and Cinta slowly exit the building.
Davy Ray stopped and stood beside Risa pointing down at the lighted screen on his mobile telephone, shouting to his friends. “Bobby Joe is texting me that he is here and standing beside your pickup truck, Garth. I’m riding home with him. Come on, Garth! Bye, Cinta and Risa!” He raced ahead from Risa and disappeared into the parking lot darkness.
Garth moved ahead and collided into Risa for fun, hugging her body, kissing her lips, which were not painted. She accepted his wet kiss but felt numb within her body from worry and anticipation. She did not want to deceive Garth, but Beck should not be humiliated in front of the citizens of Apollo that occupied a seat inside the crowded and heated gymnasium building.
She believed in her loving heart that Garth would understand and forgave her upcoming heroine actions rather than ask his permission to act as the new Harvest Empress representation. So, Risa would keep her secret plot inside her active brain.
He surfaced from the kiss and smiled at her. “We can get up early right at sunrise tomorrow morning and go fishing, since you don’t have to home, until …”
“Uh! I must be home at suppertime. My parents are coming back at suppertime.” She slowly parted from his hot body and faked a smile with worry for Beck, not Garth.
He grinned. “Yeehaw! I'll pack us a blanket and a lunch. We can fishing by the river bank, all day long, just the two of us making some progress on that love vow. How’s that, sweetheart?”
“Yes. Yes. Yes. I’ll like that. You betta go and leave the school campus, since we…” Risa felt a pained heart and a numb tongue, since not one senior student wanted to talk about the upcoming humiliation act on their classmate Beck Actworth, but wanted to become absent, when the nasty event happened. She jerked back from Garth and spun around softly growling with her true purpose here at the Novena Festival.
He stood in place with confusion and thumbed back over his collar bone. “Hey! My truck is this way.”
Cinta moved backwards and waved with a smile to her brother. “We parked beside the elementary playground.” Risa continued ahead from Garth and Cinta wiping her dirty face on the dirtier tail end of her tee shirt, cleaning off the pink paint from her nose and her cheekbones.
He stood in place and frowned at his sister. “Why did you do that?”
Cinta winked with a smile to her brother. “For our fast escape plan from the evil event that is about to execute without our knowledge and our presence. Get going too! We'll see ya at home, Garth!” She flipped her hand and spun around, dashing towards Risa.
Outside in the heated night, on top of the inner courtyard, the outdoor speaker box updated the current event inside the gymnasium. “The winner of tiny Harvest Prince and Princess is the third grade representative of Miss…”
“We need to go get going, too, Cinta!” Risa hollered and started to jog towards the elementary section. Her breathing was heavy from panic and fear while needing to dump Cinta in the car and then grabbing her gown out from the car,
Outside on top of the inner courtyard, Cinta jogged and pulled beside Risa “Good thing for us that everyone is sitting inside the gym.” They entered the open doors inside the elementary section of the school building. Some of the participates were still playing the festival games and winning the last of the prizes without seeing the Harvest Festival royalty competition, before the festival ended for the night.
“The sixth grade Harvest Princess representative is Miss…” the speaker box inside the elementary hallway updated the current event inside the gymnasium.
They raced ahead and stopped, standing in front of the puke green colored double doors that led down the secret corridor towards the gymnasium floor and her parked car.
Risa slid to a stop and hit the metal door, snapping her finger, staring inside the lunchroom. “Dang! I forgot my cake.”
“What cake?” Cinta stopped with confusion and stood beside Risa, shaking her curls, reaching for the metal door. Risa reached out and slapped the hand of Cinta down from the door. Cinta sneered in angry. “Forget the dang cake, Risa! We need to leave out from the school campus, right here and right now, before we are seen and heard and punished for our crimes. Haven’t you been listening to the speaker box? They are about to announce the winner of the Harvest King and Queen any minute now which includes the sixth, seventh and eighth grades. Now, the announcer will announce the representatives from the tenth, eleventh and twelfth grades, which is me and you, who are still standing her like a pair of criminal without Lara Lee present …”
“Stop babbling!" Risa sneered back with fury and then smiled. "Look! I gotta go and get my cake for my mom. My mom is sick and loves to eat red velvet cake. That cake will make my mom feel better. And it’ll take me less time than your forever farewell speech.” She tossed her red tinted backpack at Cinta. “Go and get me a soda, a hotdog, a box of buttered popcorn, and a caramel apple for my midnight snack, later tonight. You get the same food items, too. There’s money inside the backpack and wait for me at my car. The keys are in there too. You can drive my car back, if you wanna …”
Cinta caught the backpack and gasped in shock, staring at her friend. “I can drive your car. Can I really drive your sports car back to my house?”
She shoved Cinta towards the lunchroom door. "Yeah!"
Cinta spun around with a smile and opened the flip, searching for the money, slowly pacing towards the lunchroom. “Okay! As long as, I get to drive your car back to my house, Risa.”
Inside the empty hallway, Risa watched the back spine on Cinta with a worried brow and then slammed her hand into the correct door, without Cinta noticing. She raced down an empty hallway sounding like a herd of racing elephants, knowing that the door was still open. That door was the designated escape exit, in case of a fire/flood/whatever emergency for each child to escape a burning room.
Her sports car better still parked in the same spot. She didn’t lock the car doors, in case, she had to double back to her car, without her backpack and Cinta. Risa felt more confident that her car was there and she would be present as the senior class Harvest Empress. 
She slammed open the side metal unlocked door, without stopping, and raced towards the driver’s seat, colliding into the side door, jerking the handle, and then opened the car door. She reached down and manually popped open the trunk hood, without her electronic key fog. The car trunk slowly lifted upright and exposed the contents.
Risa raced around the rear bumper and grabbed the items, slapping the trunk down, folding the dress over her left forearm without tripping on the long hemline, busting her nose bridge into bleeding out red blood. She spun around and smashed her left boot toe, cool move, without stopping into the driver’s door. The door smashed shut without locking shut.
She was not worry about Cinta discovering that the car unlocked. Cinta would press the key fob and then open the sports car as she was not familiar with the fancy gadget. Or she would probably lock the car first and then open it second with her teenly pride.
Risa dashed ahead and slammed the door open, racing down the opposite side from Cinta where the secret unlocked side door led into the gym. She jerked out an olive oil pad, which was the greatest invent, since the microwave. Risa ripped off the paper and cleaned the kiddie paint crap off her face while trotting faster towards the gymnasium door, not worrying about Cinta either.
Cinta was still located on the opposite end of the hallway inside the elementary hallway and paced slowly while jiggling all of the newly purchased food items with two plastic cups of beverages, without a lid. The school was not rich enough to purchase a plastic lid for a plastic cup, which spilled wet liquid over the clean floor. Cinta was also chewing on her third caramel apple padding slowly towards the hallway door. And she probably had dumped the cute Festival toys down into the trashcan and used the tiny backpack to store all the junk food snack items, that her mother would never allow inside her house.
Inside the hallway, Risa dirtied the olive oil pad good with the crappy face paint and dropped the item down into her backpack, using a fresh second one. She felt the wetness from the cool oil moisture and cleaned the itchy shit off her smooth skin, and then stopped, dropping the dress down on the clean floor, looking behind her collar bone.
No Cinta. No guard. No person. No alien. No she-ghost.
If Cinta had entered into the gymnasium hallway, then she would have ignored the ghostly figure on the opposite end of the long corridor while jiggling all of the food items, sipping her drink, chewing on the apple and dreaming of driving the sports car.
Inside the far end of the hallway, Risa returned back with a smile and ripped off her dirty tee shirt exposing her strapless white tinted lacy bra, a pair of faded blue jeans, and her new dark blue cowgirl boots. She folded the pad and wiped each sweaty armpit, tossing the pad and the dirty tee down into the backpack.
“The ninth grade Harvest King representative is Mister…” The voice from the announcer spoke through audio speaker system inside the hallway.
"Dang! I'm outta of time and outta of place," Risa desired to rid the jeans off her legs and donned the pretty high heeled white sandals on naked toes which took too much precious seconds. She tossed the dress over her bra and jeans while wearing her new cowgirl boots while running out of time, running down the rest of the empty hallway.
Risa straightened the off-the-shoulder collar around her swan neck exposing her good...naw...golden skin, jerking the skirt down over her waistline without bows, buttons, ribbons and ruffles. She wore a pair of low cut blue jeans that barely cover her lacey panties and lifted the front skirt on the dress in her right hand, so she did not trip and fall down on the hard concrete floor. The tiny backpack bounced side to side on right forehead arm also while hanging like a baby monkey from her crooked elbow.
She reached up her free hand and fluffed her messy long hair, pinching each cheekbone with color besides her panicked red hue and then stopped in front of the closed side door. She nosily inhaled and then exhaled with sour breathes while calming a beating heart, a racing pulse, and her two shaking kneecaps.
Risa reached out and twisted the knob with both of her hands, since she was very nervous and a little shaky, slowly opening the door, seeing the naked back muscles in a pink ruffled long dress on the eleventh grader. Risa drew a blank on her name …
“Miss Phoebe Ann is the eleventh grade Harvest Empress representative ...” the voice from the announcer blasted over the audio speaker system.
Risa nodded with giggles and slid through the open archway, popping a piece of peppermint candy into her mouth for a fresh breath while whispering to Beck her presence at the Harvest Festival royalty event, instead of bitch Lara Lee.
Phoebe slowly wobbled ahead in her long dress from the dark hallway into the bright lights on  the floor without seeing or hearing Risa.
Inside the dark hallway, Risa entered the same space and then tossed her backpack down the steps inside the Girl’s locker room, retrieving it later, after the close of the event. She moved ahead and stood beside the wooden door frame while giggling with delight with her success evil plan.
Risa was not worried about her friend Cinta while overhearing the announcer on the speaker system. Cinta was not searching for Risa but sitting inside the driver’s seat of Risa's sports car getting sticky caramel coating over the steering wheel, which could be cleaned later. Cinta was getting familiar with the car instruments on the console while listening a country radio station.
Risa stood in place and sucked on the melting hard candy while waiting for her queue to enter as the substitute Harvest Empress for the senior class. She was not worried about winning the crown of the Harvest Empress either.
Lara Lee possessed a set of lousy grades, like Risa. Even with Beck's good grades, Beck and Lara Lee could never win as the newly crowned Harvest Empress and Emperor, this year or next year or never year.
Risa felt a sad emotion along with the bites of chewed candy bits falling down into her stomach, that none of her senior classmates were present here at the Harvest Festival while giving Beck a good showmanship applaud and she then felt angry at all of her senior classmates, who were really a gang of evil aliens from another outer space colorful planet. Her girly emotions jumped up from her ten bone toes and hung into her tight throat muscles as and she growled with fury at the entire nasty situation.
“The twelfth grade Harvest Emperor representative is Mister Beck Actworth, who is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Cohen Actworth,” the announcer blasted from the center stage podium.
She stored her hatred down into her guts and leaned over into the floor space, smiling at cute handsome classmate Beck.
Beck was dressed in a black tuxedo jacket over his broad shoulders and a pair of black trousers cover his two folded legs, a white colored dress shirt with a bright red tinted bow tie around his neck. He slowly rolled his wheelchair with one hand and waved to the crowd with his free hand.
He stopped and stood beside the eleventh grade royal couple and then reached up, adjusting his eyeglasses that hung down his aristocratic nose.
Risa felt a happy emotion rapidly bouncing down into her guts with exultation, holding back the happy tears from her two eyeballs, at this moment within her seventeen years of life. She was here representing the senior class as the Harvest Empress and was coupled with cute and nice Beck.
She jogged from the dark hallway and stomped the floor killing pretend roaches in her loud cowgirl boots, swirling her skirt around her two legs without tripping on the floor, entering the bright light. She raced to the center stage floor and leaned down, whispering into the face of the announcer, standing upright with a smirk from her evil plan that worked, without harm. She slowly padded ahead towards the line of Harvest Festival royals.
In front of the center stage floor, at the naked table, the announcer smiled and repeated her words to the audience. “We have a substitution for the night. Miss Risa, who is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Patillo represents the twelfth grade as the Harvest Empress.”
On the floor, Risa smiled like a queen and blew out pretend kisses with both of her hands like a princess, waving with her hand like a Hollywood movie star and then stopped, standing beside Beck.
Beck turned and smiled at her dress skirt as his dorky eyeglasses dropped down towards his nose.
She dropped down on her kneecaps beside his wheelchair as her dress skirt spreads over the floor like a blooming rose petal, so they were even at the lips. Risa reached out and touched his arm rest
Beck smiled. “Risa, why are you here with me?”
She leaned over and whispering into his happy face her fib. “Lara Lee, her grandma in the city of Huntsville is really, really sick. She and her parents left about an hour ago to see her relative. So, you got me tonight, slick. Sorry, I’m only second best.”
He smiled. “You’re first best, Risa. Thanks for substituting as the lady of the house. I really appreciate it.”
“You’re the first best, too, Beck.” She remained squatted on the floor even to his lips. The announcement of the winner was really fast. Then Risa would leave the floor, run out the door, and race back to my car for the getaway back to Cinta’s house for the night, ending Novena Festival as a senior graduate student without harm.
The announcer said. “The Harvest Emperor and Empress is Mister Beck Actworth and Miss Risa Patillo.” The audience sounded with claps and cheers.
Risa smiled. Beck smiled and clapped. She slowly stood upright from the floor. He re-adjusted the eyeglasses around his face.
Last year Harvest Empress appeared with her glittering tiara and placed a new glittering tiara over the messy hair curls on Risa, in silence.
Risa accepted the pretty arm bouquet of long stemmed pink tinted roses and stared at the white tinted cowgirl hat, shoving the thorny roses into other arm, accepting the hat.
Each girl royal received a glittering a tiara and a set of flowers. Each royal boy received a tall sliver plated trophy and a cowboy hat, compliments of the local hardware store.
The girl royal must place the cowboy hat on her royal guy's bone skull in both honor and tradition here at Apollo High school.
Risa shuffled around and then stood in front of Beck smiling down at his face behind his pair of dorky eyeglasses, dropping down at her two kneecaps on the polished floor for a second time, so her bone skull was even with his bone skull. She placed the bouquet of flowers down on one side of his chair and his trophy down on the other side, leaning forward her breasts and her face into his upper torso, extending both of her arms and wiggled nervous ten fingers around the ream on the new  cowboy hat and then slowly lowered the hat over his hair roots.
Beck giggled with happiness and rocked his wheelchair back and forth with excitement of the Harvest Festival event and the pretty Risa.
She nervously jiggled the hat over his dark tinted hairline dropping the object down over his pair of eyeglasses. The black tinted eye frame fell down into his lap and as the hat rim covered both his eyebrows and eyeballs. 
Risa leaned over into his smile and whispered with a frown. “Sorry.”
“Okay.” He giggled with silliness.
She quickly flipped the front rim on the hat backwards and stared into his twinkling blue tinted eyeballs. Beck smiled at Risa without his prescription eyeglasses laying down inside his lap.
She leaned deeper into his chair and over his legs almost touching his face with her nose bridge, when his chair jerked backwards a  bit. Risa lost her kneecap-balance and fell backwards without screaming but gasping in shock.
Beck performed a quick reaction and extended his two hands, catching Risa, dragging her upper torso, over his legs, and into his chest. He cocked his dusted jaw and giggled with a grin. His hair strands draped over his cheekbone and his jaw line. Beck swiftly pulled Risa into his face, seeing her pretty eyeballs, leaning forward and run into her parted lips.
Their lips touched and then held still.
Risa felt his pair of silky fleshy lips over her two lips while experiencing a cool sensation of breeze, calming down her nervousness and as her stomach fluttered with one thousand and one pretended tiny butterflies wanting to get freed from her gust. Her hand lifted up and caressed his chin-length curls of soft silk and as her toes curl inside her socks. Her body swiftly cooled with deep passion of love and lust.
Then Risa mentally daydreamed within her active mind of Beck Actworth.



Beck wears a black tuxedo suit, a white dress shirt, and a neon purple and pink colored bow tie around his neck muscles. His palm extends outwardly towards Risa.

He stands at six feet and three inches upright on a pair of black leather shoes, not inside his wheelchair beside a stark white piano with a crystal vase of red long stemmed roses flaming from the center of the polished wood.

He stands inside a large room with three walls of mirrors and one solid wall of black wallpaper.

He tilts his jaw to the right as his slightly wavy hair drapes around his cheekbone. His jaw line is dusted in black whiskers. His pair of bright blue eyes with a touch of violet twinkles against his dark tinted skin, without his personal eyeglasses.

He smiles and shares with happiness. “Welcome to my world, Risa! Come with me, darling!”



Inside the gymnasium, on top of the floor, in front of Beck, two manicured fingernails grabbed and jerked the naked collar bone on Risa from Beck’s heated lips.
Risa stumbled backwards on her kneecaps and heard a soft rip on her long dress, at the same time, slowly standing upright on her booted feet in a wobbling stance, spinning around with a gasp. Her eyeballs darted towards the audience, seeing Garth, Davy Ray, Bobby Joe, and Billy Jack, in that order, blocking the entrance archway inside the lobby. Each male stared back at Risa in silence.
Cinta stood behind Risa and snarled into the hair strand on her friend. “You…you have caused a big mess, Risa. Time to leave!”
Risa gasped in shock and stared at her new boyfriend Garth. He quickly back stepped with a stern face into the darkness and out of her eyesight. She felt her teenly emotions flooding her mind, heart, and body with sadness, pain, excitement, mystery, angry, surprise, shock, loss, gladness, happiness, and wonderful.
“Bye, Risa!” Beck looked up and smiled at the rear hairy skull on Risa while wiggling inside his wheelchair, playing with his hat, without moving from the floor.
Cinta swiftly twirled Risa towards the forward that held the center stage and the end open archways, where the secret emergency side door hid within the gymnasium. She forcefully shoved Risa ahead and away Beck on the floor and the audience members across the polished floor towards the secret door.
Risa slowly paced ahead in front of Cinta holding the front hemline of her dress without tripping, possessing a state of mind in shock more than surprise, angry more than fury, and lust more than love. She shook her curls and sorted out her confusing brain cells, without focusing on the situation. Then her face slammed into the metal door and as her body jerked back with great force  by the of Cinta.
Cinta sneered with annoyance and reached around Risa, slamming the door open, shoving Risa through the open archway. They slowly paced down an empty hallway like a set of conjoined twins in the direction of the side door that led outside to the playground equipment. Cinta whispered into the rear hairy skull on Risa. “I can’t believe this mess, Risa. I was waiting in the car, when you didn’t show. So, I get worried. Then, I left the car and walked back to the Cake Walk. You were not there. You hadn’t arrived to pick up the dang cake. I got really worried, then. You told me that you were collecting the cake for your mother, Risa.”
Risa did not want to lie anymore or verbal fight with her girl best friend Cinta, so she accepted the vocal abuse. 
Cinta sneered. “Well, like a good friend, I used my phone and texted Garth, who turned his truck around and came back to the school to help me find you, Risa. I thought you had been kidnapped or stolen or injured or captured or something bad from the school campus, when I could not find you. I was searching the rest of the high school property, while Garth was sent to comb through the crowd inside the gymnasium. He found you, first, Risa.”
Risa slowed her pace and gasped in shock with her evil plot that had harmed someone. Cinta stopped and leaned around Risa, slamming the door open, shoving Risa through the archway.
Risa twisted her body and split from Cinta, moving ahead with a worried face in silence towards her parked car while pondering Garth. What did he see? When did he appear? But the answers were so clear.
Beck kissed Risa.

At 10:10 pm, with cool air temperatures, twinkling stars and bright moonlight, on the elementary school playground, Risa opened the rear door first and ripped off the glittering tiara that caused slight pain on her hair roots, tossing both the crown and the bouquet of roses in the rear bench seat, slamming the door shut in angry. She opened the driver's door next and slid down into the cool leather seat, starting the cold engine. Cinta had told the truth and left the key fob in the cup holder, which kept the doors unlocked.
Risa stared at the steering column that was covered slightly in light brown caramel substance.
Cinta had sat here and ate her candy apple worrying about her friend as real girl best.
Her eyelashes cut and spied on Cinta
Cinta had entered the car sitting in the passenger seat, fiddling with her personal mobile telephone, texting to someone. 
Her eyeballs returned back and stared down at steering wheel and then double checked all three rear view window. She snapped her neck muscles to each side checking for another car and then slowly backed over the gravel performing a three-point turn, steering down the smooth gray pavement towards the highway. She stopped her car and checked both sides of the highway, carefully turning onto the roadway, traveling at twenty miles-per-hour. The cab was silence and the trip was quick.
She slowed her speed and turned into the Warfield driveway steering at five miles-per-hour with respect of the Warfield family and then stopped, parking in her usual spot on top of the extended concrete driveway beside a six-garage. She left the car to idol and turned to see the nose profile on Cinta while feeling both fury and disappointment. “Why are so mad at me, Cinta? I didn’t wanna win the crown. I’m quite shocked receiving the title of Harvest Empress that really belongs to Lara Lee. Look! You can have the bouquet of roses too, since they'll go sour after three days, before Monday morning. And I’ll give Lara Lee the crown …”
Cinta stared down at the lighted screen on her mobile telephone and softly said, without angry. “This is not about the silly roses or the stupid crown. You broke my trust, Miss Patillo. I trusted you.”
She sneered with more fighting fury. “O! You had trusted me with an evil plot that hurt another human, who was Beck. Why did you wanna harm Beck? Ugh! Cinta, what is your nasty answer. I could not sit still in my house or your house on the school campus and then let that happen to a human, even if it was Beck. So, that’s totally unfair, for me and for him, Cinta!”
“Time for bed! It’s near eleven o’clock. Bedtime at the Warfield Manor!” Cinta reached down and touched the door handle, opening the door.
Her eyeballs gleamed down the radio clock at 10:53 pm. Risa wondered where the time flew and puffed out loud feeling shock, frustration, and hundred other teenly emotions. She banged, silently and painlessly, both palms on the sticky steering wheel and softly said without the childish screaming. “Fiddlesticks! You can’t be civil or nice and act like a little kid that got her bicycle stolen. Well, I’m leaving and going back home.”
Cinta reached over and touched the button while Risa touched the brake pad clicked off the heated engine, stealing the key fog which could not restart the car. “No! You can’t leave my house. My parents will know that something is not right with you, Miss Patillo. And your parents aren’t at your house either, if there is an emergency. No one is there at your house to oversee a minor either. You are listed as a minor child who is less than eighteen years old. My parents are responsible for your safety, if you wildly drive off and stupidly run away and then something not nice happens to your person or your car outside or inside of that empty house. Then my parents are liable for you and them and your parents. That is an Alabama state law.”
 She slammed her hand onto the sticky steering wheel and argued back. “O! Now, you wanna follow the law. Where was the law and order, when you had abandoned Beck at Novena Festival? What for? What is he? He is a nice teen who makes good grades.”
Cinta turned and stared out the window, saying with a soft reply. “You simply don’t understand the situation, Miss Patillo.”
She beat both her palms on the sticky steering wheel making a funny thumping noise. “Then, explain the situation to me! O! And explain your secret meeting with Lara Lee. You hate Lara Lee. Do you remember that one, girl best?”
Cinta opened the door and softly announced, without viewing Risa. “I’m going to bed, Miss Patillo.” She slid off the leather and stood upright in silence, without closing the door, padding into the unopened side garage door and disappeared from the night air.
Risa opened the door and scooted off the leather seat, wildly dancing in fury in place, without screaming in angry. The Warfield clan member were asleep or watching the television screen at eleven o'clock at night.
She stopped dancing and huffed in fighting fury, releasing all of her hating emotions, gently shutting her door and walked around the car and stopped beside the open passenger door. She wanted to slam the door shut but this was her car. She gently shut that door too and continued to release all of her angry, fury, hate, fear, and sad emotions into the night air, slowly padding towards the side garage door with a fake smile. This door led directly into the kitchen setting, where a Warfield member could be eating a snack.

At 10:22 pm, inside the Warfield kitchen, mother Annabelle stood in the middle of the floor and held a steaming cup of tea, smiling at Risa. “Congratulations, Risa!” She placed the cup on the top of breakfast table and slowly padded ahead in a pair pink house slippers and a pink bathrobe towards Risa, giving the teen a motherly hug, pulling back with a smile. “You made a fine Harvest Empress, tonight.” She back stepped from Risa and grabbed her cup, staring at her daughter. “But I didn’t rightly understand the brief announcement. Risa was a substitution for which senior girl. The announcer did not mention her name. Who had been the true Harvest Empress for the senior class, Cinta?” Cinta slightly fidgeted and stared down at the kitchen tile in silence.
Risa liked Annabelle Warfield, who was kindly mannered and softly spoken birthing seven sons and one rude, mean evil daughter. Risa nosily clear her throat for attention and smiled at Annabelle. “Thank you, Mrs. Warfield! Lara Lee had been voted by the senior class as the Harvest Empress representative. But she can’t come tonight to the Harvest Festival due to a sickness in the family. Isn't that true, Cinta?”
Annabelle nodded with a stern face. “That’s very odd! Didn’t you believe so, too, Cinta? I find that Lara Lee always exceeds all of her social obligations with grace and southern manners. Won’t you agree with me, Cinta?”
"Yes, ma'am!" Cinta continued to stare down at the tiles.
Annabelle turned and smiled, pointing down at the dirty, long white gown on  Risa. “Risa, you made a big impression with the crowd, tonight, elegantly stomping out in your cowgirl boots underneath that formal gown. Everyone will remember your grand entrance, as well as, learning your selfless sacrifice at the Novena Festival, when you saved the night for Beck Actworth. You’re quite a daring young lady. And you dare to change your hair color also. You look good as a dirty blonde teenager. Your mom will be proud of your charity work, Risa! How is your mom feeling, honey?”
Risa reached up and played with the ends of her hair that displayed blonde highlighted with confusion and then smiled back at Annabelle. “Thanks, again, Mrs. Warfield! My mom is getting much better. My parents are located at the hospital in Montgomery for the night. That’s why I’m here with Cinta for the evening, but I’ll be leaving first thing in the tomorrow morning, at sunrise hours. Isn't that true, Cinta?” She turned and faked a smile at the blonde hair roots on Cinta. Cinta continued to stared down at the tiles in silence.
Annabelle nodded. “Well, you are always welcomed to come and stay here. Time for my bed time, girls! Don’t stay up to late, since I know my daughter. Cinta has probably consumed too many caramel apples making a sugar high inside her body." Risa nodded with a smile in silence. Cinta continued to stared down at the tiles. Her mother smiled at her daughter. “One day, I’ll perfect the caramel apple for Cinta, but that is not tonight. Good night, girls!” She moved ahead with a smile.
Risa followed the back spine on Annabelle and smiled with her secret. “Good night, Mrs. Warfield.” 
Annabelle passed her daughter. Cinta looked up and spun around, softly saying, “Night, Mama.” Annabelle exited the kitchen with her cup of tea, running through the living room setting, into the narrow private hallway for her master bedroom.
Inside the kitchen, Risa plopped down on top of the kitchen floor hearing a new rip in her old dirty dress, slipping off the cowgirl boot and sock, without staining the beige carpet in the Warfield house as she had been taught by her mother.
Cinta left the kitchen and Risa alone.
Risa continued to jerk off the sock and then slowly stood upright from the floor, moving ahead, dragging the torn hemline on the tiles. She tucked her boots under her armpit and lifted the front of the dress exposing her blue jeans at her covered kneecaps, without the chance of falling down on her face. She silently pad on her naked toe bones and left the kitchen, moving through the living room setting and climbed the staircase to the third floor, entering the first bedroom on side wall.
The room was dark. Risa knew the layout of the room, because the bedroom configuration hadn’t changed, since they were best friends in the first grade. The bedroom hugged the entrance wall a few feet from the entrance door and the row of glass window kissed the forward wall. The vanity bureau and bathroom door decorated one side. The other side wall hugged the bed frame and displayed fake lavender flowers on the wallpaper without a scent of fragrance.
Risa giggled with her perfect memory of Cinta's room and then frowned with worry for her friend Cinta.

At 10:41 pm, she moved ahead without hitting a furniture item within the bright rays of moonlight beams hitting the dark floor and then stopped in front of the chest of drawer, opening the drawer. She found and changed into a dangling, soft yellow tinted night shirt. She had forgotten to pack an overnight bag for her spend-the-night activity with Cinta, but placed a black bag with her white gown and two tiny red tinted backpacks and money for the games at the Novena Festival inside the trunk of her sports car.
One bag inside her car was okay, but two separate bags would have been seriously questioned by her parents. They had not left at the scheduled four-thirty plan this morning but waited around their daughter to wake-up, bathe, eat, and then bullshit around the breakfast meal, before shoving her fanny out to the door for her academic schooling, without Risa packing any additional night time clothes like an overnight bag that contained a toothbrush, a hair brush, and a night gown.
Risa tossed the dress and bra into the wall corner for collection tomorrow morning at sunrise, when she was leaving Cinta and the Warfield manor, foreverly. She spun around and exhaled with annoyance, moving ahead, stumbling a naked toe on the bed bench covering her parted lips and screamed in silence. She removed her hands and then started to climb onto the bed bench, over the bed framed, bounding the soft mattress up and down. Cinta bounced up and down from Risa's violent movement also. Risa softly giggled and continued to crawl into her spot on the empty side of the king-sized bed and then stopped, cuddling down into the cool bed sheet.
Cinta continued to face the door while ignoring Risa.
Risa twisted around and faced the ceiling, staring at the pretty lavender lace on the canopy bed frame. Her fingers and toes still wiggled from the electrifying excitement of the heated event. She couldn't sleep but closed her two eyelashes.
Her active neurons recalled vividly and as her nerves relived the emotions. Risa still felt the coolness of his lips on her heated mouth, touching her bottom lip, sliding her finger pad across her warm flesh, remembering emotional softness of his thick lips, enveloping the cold nervousness from her body.
Beck pressed his mouth into her mouth.
She felt warm and tingling like a bright spring day. His hands touched her hands steadying her body as his wheelchair rocked back and forth.
Beck slowly pulled Risa closer into his torso and planted a kiss on her lips.
Her mind relived the daydream from the Harvest Festival event.


Beck wears a black suit and stands with a smile by a grand piano, extending his hand to Risa, “Welcome to my world, Risa! Please join me, darling!”


Her eyelashes open slowly and stared at the ceiling and as she whispered for her eardrums only. "Well, it went something like that. Lust is really weird." Risa tilted her head and viewed the alarm clock. The time reads: 12:00:00 a.m.
Last Friday night, this same time, on the birth of her day, Risa had received a special birthday present, stealing a forbidden kiss from Garth.
Inside the bed mattress, Risa smiled and wiggled with excitement without perturbing Cinta from sleep.
When Risa had kissed Garth, she had experienced a daydream also.


Garth stands in a wet shirt, without flowers, but wears his silver tinted belt buckle, smiling at Risa. “Howdy, Risa! Do you wanna be my cowgirl?”


“Geez! It was a dream that I can't remember from last week.” Risa whispered with disappointment. However, her evil plot had worked, saving the cute lamb from the hunger wolves, ending her nasty friendship with Lara Lee, praying for her friend Cinta, and hoping for her new boyfriend Garth. Then her brain nodes kicked with a brilliant idea. “Go and talk to Garth, right here and right now!” She whispered with a smile.
The house was dark and quiet. Garth was located in his bedroom. Risa was located in Cinta's bedroom. Cinta was asleep and softly snorted on her side of the bed.
Risa sat upright and slowly shifted both of her palms and her two naked foot soles, moving ahead towards the end on the bed mattress. A foot of her naked toes hit down at soft cushion on bed bench below the bed framed, not holding the bedspread which now rested down on the carpet from another foot attack.
She continued to butt-crawl over the bed sheets and then her two naked feet slammed down onto the soft bedcover. She arched her back spine and slid underneath tall canopy rail bending at her kneecaps, slowly standing upright like a human. Risa scooted sideways and tippy toed over the carpet, slumping her two collar bone, wrapping both of her arms around her chest and slowly moved towards the parted door.
She reached out and opened the door, without a creaking sound, entering the hallway, which was dark and did not possess a single night light or a glass window with lighted moonlight beams.
However, Risa had lived one day of the week with Cinta, since the fourth grade.
She slowly moved down with side wall without touching the paint to Garth’s private bedroom at the end of the long corridor, because the staircase supplies three different floor levels for the Warfield clan with numerous bedrooms, since six adult son plus a wife, one teenage son, and one teenager daughter all lived in the same house.
Risa smiled. "That's weird too!"
Saturday, September 14th


12:09 am
Heated night with twinkling stars and bright moonbeams
Hallway setting


His bedroom door was slightly jarred enough for a slender body to fit diagonally, without creaking the door open.
Risa stopped right in front of the wooden door, turned sideways and then slipped through the open crack, entering his room with a smile, strolling closer to Garth.
His head of blonde hair and his golden tinted skin made his body appear like a Greek god on top of the dark colored pillow case. She was greatly disappointed that Garth was sound asleep. His two eyeballs rotated underneath his two closed eyelids.
Her heart organ thumped with excitement. Her two palms sweated with eagerness. Her active mind thoughts recorded his body and his movements for her future lustful mind visions. She curbed her smile and pouted her lips for the kiss, reaching backwards, gathering her long hair into a ponytail with one hand. Her other arm hugged her two breasts, without a body part touching Garth for her special surprise.
Risa carefully leaned her face down into his face slowly tilting her jaw and her nose to the side, without causing an accidentally nose bong and then lower her closed lips over his parted lips from a deep slumber. She held her sweet breathe and closed her two eyelashes knowing where to place her mouth on his face pressing her two lips gently on his rough lips like cheap cotton fabric. A series of very intense heat released out from his mouth onto her face skin. Her hot passion flared throughout her body and entered into her mind.
Then she experienced a daydream.



Garth stands at the end of her boot toes.

Risa rests flat on her back spine inside a pretty flower bed of loose pink rose petals that are strewed along on the grass, wearing a pair of dark colored cowgirl boots.

Garth stands six feet and one inches tall and wears a sweaty, wet tee shirt that clings to his board shoulders, his muscular chest, and his packed abs like he had want swimming in the creek water and forgotten to change out his farm clothes.

He wears a pair of slightly dirty, rippled blue jeans and his familiar orange and red ostrich cowboy boots.

His hands are parked on his leather belt as the silver bucket blinds both of her two eyeballs with a piercing yellowish-white light.

His sexy baritone timber says with a smile. “Howdy, Risa! Do you wanna be mine my cowgirl forever?”

He squats down with a smile and reaches out assisting Risa to stand. Then he kneels down on one leg holding her left hand.



Inside his bedroom, a cupped hand reached out and grabbed Risa's naked bicep. Risa fell backwards without screaming, instead of falling forward, snapping open her two eyelashes and viewed the dark wall. She shifted away from his sleeping body on top of the bed mattress and exited his bedroom.
Cinta wrapped her arm around Risa's breasts, slapping her other hand over Risa's lips while swiftly pulling her friend into the dark hallway. She leaned down and whispered down into the eardrum on Risa. “You are a sick person sneaking around my house as a guest without my permission attacking my brother while he sleeps inside his bedroom. I am glad you do carry around a sharp knife, else he will be dead, right here and right now.” She sneered into the eardrum on Risa and halted, swinging them around, slowly moving away from his bedroom door towards her bedroom.
Risa wiggled from Cinta and spun around, tossing both of her arms in the air, whispering out loud. “There’s more of…” the dream from the first time, when I had stolen the forbidden kiss from Garth.
This dream was really getting weirder. Risa had kissed on Garth yesterday and her mind had not visualized repeated the same dream, like tonight.
Cinta jabbed her finger at Risa and whispered. “You’re a weird-o, a mental, a sick-o, a pervert acting like a freaking freak.” She passed Risa and growled with annoyance moving to her bedroom. 
She spun around and chased after Cinta, pulling up beside her, mouth spitting into the smooth cheekbone on her friend. “There’s more to my dream ….”
Cinta violently shoved Risa from her rib cage and dashed ahead.
She flung backwards from Cinta and stumbled on her feet, watching the back spine on Cinta, racing ahead with a soft growl.
 Cinta spun around with a sneer and halted, pointing into the side wall. “There! You go and stay here inside the spare bedroom and don’t pee in the bed, when you get scared in the dark.”
She gasped in shock and numbed her emotions without speaking.
Cinta spun around and dashed ahead, entering her room, closing the door.
She turned with a worried brow and entered the spare bedroom and stopped a few feet from the open archway. Risa didn't need to flip the light switch on. The moonlight beams were bright and illuminated the dark space, showing off the details. The square shaped room possessed stark white paint on each wall with either a single framed photograph of one Warfield kid or a group photograph with all the Warfield kids. A twin bed mattress with a solid white bedcover stood on the side wall, alone and lonely, inside a solid white wooden bed frame that hugged an individual nightstand on each side of the sleeping pillow. A white cloth chair stood in the far wall corner beside a short white wooden table with a small lamp in beige ceramic.
The entrance wall held the entrance door in the corner and a short, squat white wooden chest with four drawers in the middle of the space. The other side wall displayed a wide and closed bedroom wardrobe closet with its secrets. The forward contained a row of long glass windows that showed the twinkling stars and the full moon, almost illuminated the room in blinking light as the dull light reflected off all the white furniture and bedding.
Rise rubbed her face with worry, annoyance, frustration, sadness, sorrow, relief, pain, and angry, dropping both of her hands, exhaling with defeat. She moved ahead and stopped, tossing the bedcover and the top bed sheet over the edge of her new bed mattress in her new sleeping chamber for the night.
Tomorrow morning, she will apology to Cinta and they will become best girls again.
She plopped down on top of the soft mattress and closed her two eyelashes, dreaming of Beck and then Garth, not at the same time, falling into a deep sleep.

Six hours and thirty minutes later, in the morning, at 6:30 am, cool temperatures in a pale blue with sunrise beams in bright yellow hue that illuminated the guest room into eyeball blindness. A shaking movement affected the stationary bed mattress and the sleeping body on top of the bed.
Risa opened both of her two eyelashes and smiled at the white tinted wooden planks on the ceiling, squirting her two eyelashes at the bright sunlight, shouting out loud. “Morning!” She had felt the violent movement on the bed mattress knowing it was her friend Cinta. Risa sat upright on her two elbows and continued to smile, staring at Cinta.
Cinta stood inside the archway in her coral colored silk shirt and matching pants pajamas set, wearing a sour frown, crossing her arms and stared without emotion at her classmate Risa. She voiced in a low demonic tone. “Time to leave!”
She pretended to ignore the fake angry from her friend Cinta and continued to smile sniffing the air waves. “I don’t smell the breakfast meal.”
Cinta still in place and used her low, demonic tone again.“No meal. Time to leave.”
She flipped off the bed and stood upright with a smile, extending both of her arms in peace and happiness at her angry friend. “Look! I’m so sorry, Cinta. I have been acting stupid or silly or something. I can’t explain it either. But I can tell you my personal story. I ...”
“... stressed and distressed with your bad grades, your bad behavior, your bad girl image that is affecting me. Time to leave!” Cinta back stepped with a sour frown from the archway and left the guest room and Risa, slowly moving down the hallway in silence.
Inside the guest bedroom, Risa continued to stand with both arms outstretched with peace and stared at the empty archway, dropping both of her arms down slapping her legs in stress, confusion and frustration. She whispered for her eardrums only. “Whatever!” Her eyeballs darted down to the white tinted carpet seeing a heap of clothes. She ripped off the borrow nightshirt and tossed the item on top of the bed mattress, not the floor like a nasty teen would do. Risa was not a nasty or naughty girl. She slowly shuffled ahead in her semi-naked state with the door open, not caring if Garth saw her body.
He was mad too. Cinta was pizzed. The rest of the senior students were angry that their evil plot had failed, last night, during the Novena Festival royal event. Lara Lee was furious. Everyone in the world was dumping on and ditching at Risa for acting as the nice girl.
Nice girls finish last!
Well, Risa liked her nice girly reputation at school and around the community. And she did the right thing by saving Beck, not crucifying him during the Novena Festival. She didn't care what the other senior students thought or said or acted. Risa had a new friend at school and it was Beck Actworth.
She stopped and squatted down in front of the heap of clothes, tossing on the dress first, toting her other clothing items and stood upright from the floor. She should remake the messy bedcovers but Cinta could do that simple housekeeping task also.
Risa slowly shuffled her feet from the room and surveyed an empty and quiet third floor, softly stepping down the staircase without the noisy creaks of wooden planks. She noted the lack of food smells and body sounds inside the empty living room setting and moved through the kitchen, quietly exiting through the garage door and stood outside on top of the concrete driveway, smiling at her.

At 6:38 am, Risa smiled and moved ahead holding her car keys in one hand, the wad of clothes in the other hand, stopping in front of her sports car, opening the unlocked passenger door. The smell of fresh roses and sweet caramel invaded her two nose holes. The nice odor reminded Risa to wash off the sticky steering wheel, before her parents came back home, later tonight. She closed the door, without an angry shove, and scooted around the front bumper, humming with delight and stopped at the driver's door. She opened the door and slid down into the seat, cranking the cold engine, without producing a set of wet tears in her two eyeballs and stared out the dirty windshield from the love bugs.
Her childhood friend Cinta was a little upset with Risa…naw…her person. Cinta would cool down like an ice cube by Monday morning inside their shared homeroom class. Then they would become a pair of girl bests, again.
Risa giggled with delight and touched the steering wheel, moaning in disgust. The sticky caramel had hardened and was thickly coated over the leather steering wheel feeling like a set of raised blackhead pimples on a teen's face. She pressed the gasoline pedal and then slowly steering down the smooth vanilla concrete driveway while humming with delight again.
Her eyeballs caught the motion of horses on the side of the driveway inside the flat pasture land. She pulled and parked her car over the side without killing the manicured grass, leaving the motor running, watching a posse of horses with males. Garth was going fishing early at the river bank with Risa, this morning.
She gasped in shock and opened the door, sliding out from the seat, standing upright on top of the driveway, tossing both of her arms in the air. She scooted around the car with a smile and slowly moved towards the line of natural fence posts that blocked her body, but locked the horses from the dangerous driveway and public roadway.
Among the possess of Warfield brothers, on top of an individual different colored horse, moving in a walking pace towards the open meadow, the two older brothers, Shelby and Owen both slammed an individual fist into the hard abdomen on their youngest brother Garth. Garth returned the favor and slapped each hand at each brother while laughing with fun of the future fishing expedition. Shelby elbowed Garth and turned to see Risa, pointing at the teen for identification. Each face turned and gasped at Risa in shock.
Garth halted his horse and stared with a stern face at Risa. She continued to smile like a newly crowned Harvest Empress, without the glittering tiara, dragging her dirty hemline over the rough concrete, the loose gravel peddles, and green grass blades while staining white fabric even more dirtier, if that was possible for a happy fairy princess. She stopped with a giggle and leaned against the fenced wood and waved with both of her hands to Garth.
He tossed one leg over the saddle horn sliding his body off the horse, landing down in the smooth grass blades, strutting ahead with a stern face and stopped at the fence post. He sneered without a smile at Risa.
She dropped both of her arms and slapped the dirty and wrinkled gowns, smiling with delight. “Garth, I’m not appropriately dressed for our fishing trip, but I can become a quick change artist…”
“Go home!” Garth sneered at Risa.
She batted her eyelashes and pouted her lips without the cosmetic makeup extending both her arms towards him, not touching the fence post. She nodded with a smile. “I’ll go home right now and then I'll come right back in a jiffy with my riding gear…”
“Go home!” He sneered again and spun around with a sour frown, strutting back to his horse, mounting the saddle, and kicked the healthy girth on the stallion. He and the horse galloped swiftly from Risa into the sunrise.
Behind the fence post, in front of her sports car, Risa continued to stand with her extended arm even with the pavement, feeling dizzy and confusion at the same, following the wiggling tail on the white tinted horse. In the rising sunrise rays, she shaded her eyeballs and buzzed her lips in frustration, dropping both of her arms, gathering the front of the dirty dress and back stepped from the fence post. She spun around with a sad face and exhaled with worry, slowly padding over the earth elements and the rough concrete, dragging the rear hemline back over the grass blades, the loose pebbles, and the rough concrete, stopping in front of open door. 
She did not cry and then slid down into the seat, staring at the steering wheel. "I did nothing wrong here. They did everything wrong here. I helped another innocent human. They helped their greedy ego." She nodded with a smile and jerked the gear into drive, slowly steering over the driveway towards the county road in silence. Risa had been taught by her father not to speed down the roadway while endangering other automobiles, people, and cows. If she was to wreck her sports car, then her father would drive his daughter to school for the rest of her life.
She slowly the speed and stopped at the road intersection of the Warfield driveway and Oak Road, looking in both directions for a car or a cow, giggling with silliness. The coast was clear. She slowly pulled out from the driveway and traveled at five miles-per-hour towards her homestead which was two miles down the roadway pondering her new dilemma. 
Her former friend Cinta was extremely jealous that Risa had accidentally won the title of Harvest Empress. They were seniors and Cinta would never have the opportunity to become Harvest Empress ever again. And her former friend Cinta was also miffed out that Risa had successfully sabotaged the evil senior plot to humiliate their nice, sweet, smart classmate Beck.
Beck was one of the few geniuses at Apollo High School and he was going to become the valedictory of the graduating class, since the rest of the senior students were dumb crop farmers including Risa. So, Risa was planning to skip college and work the farm as a dumb crop farmers that was her destiny.
Her former boyfriend Garth was mad that Risa had accidentally won the title of Harvest Empress that paired her with the Harvest Emperor, who was Beck.
"Geez! The class seniors, except for me, all voted for Beck as the Harvest Emperor representative. Why is everyone mad that he won. The winner of the groups were always the smartest couple among the representatives. Beck's grades must consist of straight A pluses or more."

At 06:47 am, in the bright cool sunrays, Risa slowed her speed and turned the car onto the familiar bricked driveway of the Patillo homestead snaking around the long bricks of yellow when her mother had viewed the home road design in a popular home magazine. She nodded with a smile. "Well, this is the start of a pretty weekend with bright sunshine and no thunderstorms or rain or hurricanes or tornados or snowflakes or blizzards, so every teen will have fun during the two weekend days and forget all about their teenly love or lust or jealousy troubles. On Monday morning at the school, we all will be friends again. Yeah!"
She reached up and slammed the garage door control on the window visor, stopping the car outside her assigned garage space inside the six-garage unit, watching the door lift into the metal frame in silence.
She had been terribly upset with her bad grades from school that day and then had accidentally hit a metal garage frame, last year. 
 Now, Risa was an emotional unstable jerk to some of her friends. She exhaled with annoyance and steered her car into the smooth parking spot, killing the engine, opening the door.  She scooted out and spun around within the semi-cool darkness in the garage and then halted as the long dress liked to lounge on the car mat inside the front seat. She reached out and jerked out the long dirty fabric from the floor board inside the car into a wad and then dropped the wad of fabric behind her butthole, exhaling with frustration. She shuffled ahead and opened the rear door, leaning inside the rear passenger door, grabbing the tiara and then placed on top of her messy hair, toting the arm bouquet of red long-stemmed roses. The fresh petals could stain the leather seat. She scooted backwards and kicked the door shut with a cowgirl boot that slammed a loud boom, moving ahead, clearing the rear door and repeated her perfect procedure. She slowly moved ahead for a second time with an arm bouquet of roses in her arm and hand and a glittering tiara on top of her hair roots as the current reigning pretend Harvest Empress while slowly walking through the garage space due to the length of the dirty, torn gala gown, slamming open the unlocked door with her free hand.
Risa entered the side door and slowly moved through the enclosed mud room yelling out loud for her parents. “Mom! Dad!” She paced around the wall corner into the kitchen space. The kitchen counters were cleaned and an empty stainless stain wash sink without dirty dishes from food consumption, slowly trucking into the living room space with all of the yellow-clothed butterfly-patterned window drapes that were completely closed shutting out the morning sun from the east and also the evening sun from the west.
Her mother had a thing for the color yellow and the insect butterfly, the family living room setting fluttered in groups of yellow tinted fake butterflies on the curtains, the two sofas, four padded sitting chairs, and a the loveseat looking like someone peed on the light fabric. The rest of the furniture displayed an ancient ratty, brown matted lounge chair that belonged to her father which would be buried with the dead man, inside his funeral tomb at the local city graveyard.
Her neurons swiftly kicked backwards in time.
Her father would not be home until later on Saturday evening around the suppertime meal in-between suppertime at five o'clock and seven o’clock at dusk, which in reality, her parents will arrive during the moonlight beams at ten o'clock at the night, because her father will stop for their dinner meal or he will drive really slow in the dark as he was fifty plus years old and his old eyeballs is not perfect.
Risa stopped inside the living room standing like a Harvest Emperor with the flowers, tiara, and gown. She should have drove her parents into the city of Montgomery to the Farmer’s Market with the farm goods and then to the city hospital, waiting with her father for her mother, instead of selfishly attending school Novena Festival, which became a depressing, not fun event as a senior graduating student from Apollo High School. She felt really rotten like a wet dead tree log for not helping her parents, who continued to care and love her person very much.
She flopped down on top of the floor in her new gown as the skirt spread like a blooming petals on a rose with her legs crossed, hearing a new soft rip in the dress, somewhere near the side of her waistline. She dropped rose bouquet in her lap of white fabric in both frustration and sadness and whispered for her eardrums only, staring down at the pretty flowers. “I didn’t do anything wrong there.” She exhaled with worry and softly practiced her rehearsed solo speech for her parents as Risa could not hide her awesome performance at the school's Novena Festival, unless she could magically removed her Harvest Emperor image from every Apollonian in town, who had sat inside the over-crowded bleachers at the gymnasium late night. She felt slow running snot coming from her two nose holes with pain and suffering and sadness.
The hot gossip was flying faster than a mobile telephone text. Not only did Risa substitute for the pretty, popular, and prissy Lara Lee, she also spoiled the senior class evil plan, but she had created a new fashion trend wearing her pair of cowgirl boots underneath the gala gown. Risa had accidentally won the Harvest Empress title, without really being legally nominated as the current Harvest Empress within the Novena Festival competition, because of …
Risa exhaled with a series of sour breath, smelling the foul odor. She had not brushed her dirty teeth, since last night. Anyways, she didn't understand her person winning the competition. O! The set of outstanding academic grades combined with Lara Lee's bad ones had won the competition for the senior representative couple.
During the Harvest Festival royalty event, senior girl Risa had stood…naw…sat down at her kneecaps, inside the blue jeans, on top the floor for the student support of her fellow class mate Beck. But an adult only saw a logical solution while a teen liked a social outcome, so a teen only made a social sub-consciously, sneaky, emotional decision which did not aid Beck in this incident. 
All of her senior friends, including her brief, former boyfriend Garth, had chain-ganged upon their fellow classmate Beck Actworth, without honor or reason or purpose. Thus, her parents are a pair of adults and would see only honor in her impromptu teenly plan to aid Beck. She hoped and prayed really quick to the Prime Creator for some help here.
She shouted out loud with a seriously tone and a stern face down to at the pretty flowers. “You should have told me, Risa. Then, I would have contacted Principal Russell, who would have contacted Mrs. Hodges. Then her rude teenage daughter Lara Lee Hodges could have dropped out from the Novena Festival competition while allowing you or another senior female to legally take her proper place as replacement Harvest Empress representative. But, instead, as usually, you have plowed the crop field, without removing all of the rotten corn tusks, now, you have stirred up a wasp nest of insect, like a slithering around serpent behind our back muscles, underneath our two nostrils, not including the eyeballs from each school teacher and you least, not forget, within the eyeballs of each one of your fellow classmates at Apollo High School,” Risa laughed out  with humor and happiness and looked up seeing the wall with picture and wooden art work with yellow painted butterflies.
Her mother liked to voice for her person and her husband while analyzing the naughty situation using lots of animals and human body parts during her silly lecture that went into one of Risa's eardrum, through her empty brain cell and exited through the second eardrum, without meaning or a life lesson. Her mother must have learned to do that in college.
Risa grinned with her stupid imagination as and her mind gears switched into overdrive from last night. She had stolen a second sweet kiss from Garth and quickly pondered if her newest enemy Cinta had fibbed on Risa to Garth. O! Maybe, Garth was mad about the secret kiss and his rude behavior, this  morning, to his former girlfriend Risa.
Risa doubted it and shook her curls, looking down at the arm bouquet that measured from her middle finger pad down to the length of her crooked elbow with almost fully bloomed twelve deeply colored red tinted roses. She gently caressed the tip of bottom flower and then quickly plucked out a single rose petal from the bouquet tossing the soft petal into the air that traveled from her finger pad and then slowly descended down on top of the clean floor. Risa vividly recalled the sentences of sweet words from her boyfriend Garth with his love vow, last night. She whispered for her eardrums only. “He loves me," she plucked a second rose petal and tossed in the air as the petal landed down on the clean floor. "He loves me not," she plucked a third rose petal and tossed in the air as the petal descended down on the floor. "He loves me," she plucked  a fourth rose petal and tossed in the air as the petal landed down on the floor. "He loves me not," she plucked a fifth rose petal and tossed in the air as the petal settled down on the floor. "He kisses me," she plucked a sixth rose petal and tossed in the air as the petal landed down on the floor. "He kisses me not," she plucked a seventh rose petal and tossed it in the air as the petal settled down in the heap of other grounded petals. "He kisses me," she plucked a eighth rose petal from the bouquet and then tossed it in the air as the petal landed down in the growing pile of roses. "He kissed me," she plucked a ninth rose petal and stared down at the single petal in her fingers, repeating softly with heart ache. “He kissed me. I didn’t kiss him. He kissed me. I didn’t initial the kiss. He kissed me.” She gasped in alarm and slowly struggled to stand in the long gown from the floor as dress loudly ripped again on the other side of her waistline. Risa lifted the bouquet of flowers over the glittering tiara, shouting out loud with a smile on her chapped lips, staring at the wall of fake yellow tinted butterflies. Numerous rose petals loosen from the bouquet and then gracefully flowed down over her hair roots like a royal princess.
Risa shouted out loud with a smile in happiness, joy, glee, and revelation. “He kissed me. Do you hear me? He kissed me. He kissed. me. That’s it! Beck kissed me. I didn’t kiss Beck. That's it! Yeah, I get my not-boyfriend but current Harvest Emperor Beck to explain to my current boyfriend Garth that I received a congratulatory kiss, not a boyfriend kiss as the winning Harvest Empress. Yes. Yes. Yes. That's the plan. That's the action. I need to leave right here and right now. I need to go and see Beck, before his family leaves his home, his hometown,  his home state, and his home nation for someplace else but here with me and Garth.” She lowered both of her arms down towards the floor as more loose rose petals dropped down over her hair roots, her body, and the floor while smiling a wall of her little baby pictures, thinking one day about her and Garth.
They will be happily married and then she will birth three babies nailing each one of their baby pictures on the wall, like her mother did.
Risa reached down and gathered the hemline, hiking the dress up, exposing her naked kneecaps, carefully dashing ahead over the dirty floor, stomping some of the rose petals towards the staircase and then inside her bedroom on the second floor changing out of her dirty clothes for a new purpose of saving her love life with her boyfriend Garth.

At 07:35 am, Risa raced through the rear door on her house, across the patio foundation, and through the manicured yard in a pair of faded, shredded blue jeans, her birthday pair of dark blue cowgirl boots, and a clean pink tinted sleeveless blouse with a set of cute ruffles on the front that complimented her mother's expensive flowery perfume around her naked throat, behind her two earlobes, the pink blouse collar, and her two wrist bones, since she was going to need, use, and abuse her beauty and her southern belle charms persuading a grouchy Garth to talk to a sweet Beck. Beck was always a southern gentleman and a happy-go-lucky teen offering to do anything for anyone, so he would gladly chat with his fellow classmate Garth about that congratulatory kiss, not a boyfriend kiss.
Risa did not want to arrive at the front porch on Beck’s residential home inside her flashy sports car like she was really desperate and pathetic for his personal sweet non-boyfriend assistance, so she would travel in a slightly less obvious mode of transport using her new terrain vehicle. The new terrain vehicle would provide a pleasant light chat before moving into the next round of casually teen conversation, when newly created Harvest Empress Risa would ask newly created Harvest Emperor Beck a favor, which was the last round of the casually teen conversation.
She giggled with a grin at her newest brilliant idea and stopped in front of the closed barn doors that hid her terrain vehicle, bouncing up and down, clapping with joy. She reached out and stopped bouncing using all of her girly strength, slowly opening each one of the double doors wide, revealing the dirty lavender tinted terrain vehicle. She frowned with confusion. "Strange that! Dad didn't order my ride cleaned for the day. He usually did that for me every day, but not yesterday or today. Whatever!" She entered the space and stopped, reaching out, jerking open the driver's door crawling into the seat, cranking the single key that kissed the ignition switch, since no one would dare to her new toy right behind the house patio with one thousand eyeballs watching over her new birthday present which was still dirty with mud spots from the last spin in the muddy water puddles. She tossed her personal mobile telephone down in the passenger set and then stomped down on the gasoline pedal and steered out the garage space into the bright early sunshine of a new day.
Risa whipped the steering wheel to the side and traveled at forty miles-per-hour on the bumpy bricks on the private driveway as each rib cage and her fanny both bounced roughly in the padded leather while following the snaky driveway towards the county roadway. A few minutes later, she stopped and paused at the public roadway, looking both directions without a car or farm tractor, stomping the gasoline pedal. She steered illegally on the paved county road and performed a putt-putt towards Beck’s residential house which was one mile upwind from her homestead.
This was her chance to fix it with her boyfriend Garth getting him back into her teen life. She felt something deep for Garth such like they were connected on more than a physical level. He was the right cowboy for  her, the only guy in the universe for her, too.
Risa pressed the gasoline pedal down to the rubber mat and traveled speeding up to 59 miles-per-hour, which was a nice ride on top of the smooth public pavement rather than taking the land soil with bumps and ditches of water which almost tears a new one in her butthole. She double-check each rear view mirror for any familiar jacked-up pickup truck coming from the Warfield household driving up her butthole. The six other sons were a bunch of nice, well-mannered southern gentleman towards Risa, on yesterday.
Inside the terrain vehicle, Risa viewed the entrance point from the roadway into his private driveway, giggling with her new idea. This was an off-road vehicle that was meant to be driven off the public roadway. Risa didn't want to seem too eager or too desperate, since the time was only eight o'clock in the freaking morning, when every person was still asleep or up watching the news on the television in their pajamas with a cup of coffee, the American way.
The left tire hit the loose gravel and then plowed the engine grill down into the dirt road ditch bouncing one tire at-a-time in a combination of earth soil with lots of grass weeds, tiny amounts of spring water, and miles of moisture brown soil that splashed a series of skipping wet muddy spots onto the floor board and each door. Risa quickly thanked her father for adding two enclosed door on the terrain vehicle, some of the machine came without side doors.
The terrain vehicle slowly crawled out like a ladybug from that surprising deep dirt and watery ditch, climbing up a slight slope of mud and grass like a snake, hitting the smooth level soil, which was a flat patch of dead pine needles and yellow tree leaves. Risa quickly gunned the engine and steered straight in-between a column of tall and short trees, consisting of shaggy pine trees, tall oaks, and shorter maples. The poor maple trees didn't get much sunlight as they has been clumped together and then growing crouched down underneath the beautiful over story green tinted canopies from each oak tree. The vertical line of tall shade trees serviced as the proper property line boundary between her farm and Beck’s farm.
Risa rolled up a slight incline of dead brown tinted pine needles and dead yellow tinted leaves feeling the motion inside my stomach quiver with seasickness, hitting a flat plateau leveling out the four tires and her stomach also. 
From the seat of her terrain vehicle, one side displayed a semi-crooked line of tall shade trees. The other side offered a fantastic view with miles of green tinted wheat stalks. The wheat stalks were baby stalks and would grew up next year in the month of May.
She soared along the farm property smashing more yellow tinted dead leaves and matted pine needles at 40 miles-per-hour with the wind blowing her long hair from her face and sun burning more light brown freckles on her pale skin and then turned her smile, viewing the front porch at Beck’s house. She passed the line of trees and would attack from behind traveling to the back patio floor, having a joy ride early in the morning hours with her mobile birthday present, since the Actworth clan could hear the faint buzzing noise from loud motor passing the manicured lawn. She giggled with deception.
Risa swiftly jerked the wheel to the side and then slammed the brakes, stopping the vehicle perpendicular to the back porch on the Actworth house and narrowed her two eyelashes, staring at columns of brown tinted square shaped boxes that completely blocked the external double entrance doors on the Actworth manor. she whispered for her eardrums only. “Yeah, they are moving away from their hometown of Apollo, my dad told. Why would my former friend Cinta say the opposite to me? The Actworth clan will never leave from Apollo.” She silently counted the stacks of boxes coming up the math number fifteen, shaking her sweat curls. She dumped her brilliant idea about attacking the back patio and would inquire about all of the moving boxes and the moving date, returning back to the front porch. She giggled at her new deception plan.
Risa slowly pressed the gasoline pedal and steered farther ahead along the row of shade trees at her property line, where the flat numerous fields of cow pastures started on her farm and was surrounded by rows of tall and short trees while she continued to spy at the Actworth mansion.
The manor contained four floor levels of enclosed rooms for that large family. Cinta told this house had been the last place for a dead body to come for a death funeral here in the city of Apollo Risa shivered in raised goose bumps from that creep mental thought.
The vehicle swiftly climbed another slight incline of more high dirt and low green tinted weeds. She twisted the engine hood to face the roadway and then released the gasoline pedal allowing the vehicle to slow and then halted on the top of man-made hilltop, that her father had built. This particular spot had been a wetland marsh and filled with soapy wet plants and still ditch of non-moving fresh water, all the time.
Her father hauled in tons of rich, red tinted clay from another crop farmer that resided along countryside of northern Alabama and then dumped the dirt on top of the wetlands area creating a triangular mountain top of dirt on his farm land. The mountain side was too steep for the fat cow or the tiny calf to traverse, without a deadly incident, so the mountain stood alone and lonely which got a haircut every summer from the group of tall green tinted weeds and abundant growth of colorful wildflowers.
The city was Apollo consisted of flat, sandy, brown colored soil that grew a variety of crops including cotton, wheat, hay, soybeans, strawberries blueberries, corn, barley and other crops. The town stood sixty feet in elevation.
She twisted around in the seat and continued to scan the miles of farmland in the distance and crinkled her forehead, pondering her wild free mental thoughts. "What does that mean, sixty feet in elevation? Elevation of what, a mountain?" She leaned over and snatched up her phone, striking the screen, typing on the tiny keyboard. "Elevation is the height of a point above sea level. What! I stand sixty feet about sea level. Sixty feet is ten people that stand five feet short in height," she frowned and shook her curls down at the screen on her phone. "Hmm! I do believe that is right. Anyways, sixty feet is really short in tallness for a piece of massive landmass," she looked up and stared at the farmland again.
"The city of Apollo is 55 miles from the Gulf of Mexico which contains miles of open salt waters and encompasses Pensacola Beach there in the US State of Florida. You can't see any land for miles. And my parents and I visited there right after school ended in the month of May, before we all found out about my bad grade from my geometry course. The car trip was sixty minutes, that's an hour," she gasped in worry. "If a rouge ocean water from a hurricane system comes from Pensacola Beach, then my farm and my parents and my person could be wiped off the face of the earth. Wow! This is bad. Has this happened before?" She looked down and typed on the tiny keyboard, seeing the new information, gasping in shock.
"Yes, it has happened before. In the year 2004, I wasn't birthed yet. In the year 2004, Hurricane Ivan was labeled a Category-Five weather system and hit the coastline of Pensacola Beach with 90-feet high rouge waves and then spawned numerous thunderstorms and land tornados. Hmm! I remembered hearing something about that storm system down there in Pensacola, Florida that brought thunderstorms and tornados up here in Apollo, Alabama. But, I don't believe that any person or any property or any pet was harmed. I need to ask Cinta. She would know. She knows everything. Well, this future situation is another argument for becoming a crop farmer and not going off to college. I love it here. Apollo was incorporated as a town in some year. I can ask Cinta. She would know. The town of Apollo had been formed in whatever year for whatever reason. Cinta would know that information also, I didn't know. I did remembered hearing about in the ninth grade Alabama History class. But I do know that the Actworth house was the first funeral parlor and they own the Apollo bank, the Apollo law office, the Apollo mall with all the retail shops, and some of the farm lands." She looked down with a smile and typed on the keyboard.
"The population is 1990. I remembered seeing that concrete sign on the north end of town with all of the rotating plastic numbers. So, does that mean there are 1990 houses here in Apollo? I don't think so. That would mean that one person lived in a house. I didn't live alone in a house and neither does Cinta or Garth. They live with their family members." She scanned the phone. "There are 124 households. What does that mean? What is a household? A household include all individuals that live under one rooftop. O! That would make sense. I live with my parents under one rooftop. Let's see!"
She accessed the electronic calculator on her phone. "The math number 1990 divided by the other math number 124 equals 16.048. What does 16.048 represent? If the population is 1990 or individuals, like me, and there are 124 houses with 1990 individual, then 16.048 represents the number of individual living inside a house. What! Wrong! That can't be right. The government must have mistakenly counted the horse stalls," she frowned.
"Wow! Right! That can't be wrong," she giggled with silliness. "The family unit consists father, mother, babies, toddlers, children, teen, and grandparents. Here in Apollo, each family unit houses their parents, all of their children and teens, and all of the grandparents. There is not a single nursing home here for an elderly senior citizen. Each grandparent and some great-grandparents live with their kids and their grandchildren, like Beck and his family. So, there are 124 houses in the town of Apollo, including mine." She continued reading the information on the screen of her mobile telephone.
"Apollo has a total area of 13.0 square miles and 0.2 square miles of water. What does that mean? That statement does tell me anything. Is the town of Apollo 13 miles across or wide or both? The square measure is always doubled in math. So, the landmass of Apollo is 26 miles of land going across, wide, long and sideways. Hmm! That might be correct. Almost all of the land consists of crops or meadows of cows, horse, goats, pigs, and chickens with numerous creek streams of fresh water flowing through the landscape. The weather climate of Apollo is high temperatures and evenly distributed precipitation throughout the year. Yeah, the air temperature is hot, hot, hot here all the time, even before, during, and after a nice rain storm. The hottest air temperature ever recorded in Apollo was 103 degrees Fahrenheit on August 8, 1988. I wasn't birth yet. The coldest air temperatures ever recorded was three degree Fahrenheit on March 3, 1933. I wasn't birth yet," she giggled with amusement. "Well, that's my history lesson for the day. My mom would be so pride."
Risa tossed the phone back onto the passenger seat and look up, smiling at the landscape, squirting her two eyelashes at the bright morning light on her dad…naw…her farm. Risa had signed all those legal papers hoping that she did send her parents down a dead march and up into the heavenly plane. 
Her eyeballs slowly scanned some of the black and white tinted beef cows and baby calves grazing ahead and the young mares galloping around the corral for playtime, who were eager to become a mother horse, next spring. She chuckled with delight.
Risa loved the farm life, the fresh air, and the sun shine feeling deep down into my baby blue-painted toe nails that she didn't wanna leave her farm happy. Since, her parents couldn't afford the expense of a freshmen college life, Risa would stay through the summer, and then the autumn, winter, and spring months while planning her wedding ceremony next summer with her current boyfriend Garth, once Beck had told the truth about that kiss, congratulatory, not boyfriend.
"Yeah, that's the sweet tea plan! Now, I need to implement my new sweet plan." She slapped the steering wheel with a smile and inhaled the fresh farm smells, consisting of bales of hay, rows of growing soybeans, and numerous fresh horse and cow turds and stomped down on the gasoline pedal for her fun trip back down the man-made hilltop, before she would plan an invasion on the private manicured lawn at Beck’s home.
The terrain vehicle did not move.
She lifted her boot sole and then wiggled her fanny down into the leather seat, stomping the gasoline pedal down into the floor mat again.
The vehicle did not move.
She lifted up and then slammed, holding her boot toe on the gasoline pedal down into the floor mat.
The vehicle did not move.
She lifted up her boot sole from the pedal and held it in the air underneath the console, listening for the engine noise, frowning with annoyance. “Fiddlesticks! I flooded the engine.” She twisted the key to the off position and then counted out loud using the Mississippi system to calm the motor rotors as she had been taught by her father. “One Mississippi. Two Mississippi. Three Mississippi. Four Mississippi. Five Mississippi. There!”
Risa quickly turned the key ignition to power the motor while not hearing the familiar grinding sound from the engine and released the key, placing two of her finger over her parted lips while pondering the mechanic problem. She was good with baby cars, only baby cows.
Risa giggled with silliness and then whispered for her eardrums only. “I don’t hear the motor buzzing inside my new toy.” She pressed the brake pad and slammed the driving gear into neutral, quickly flicking the key ignition back and forth while slapping her boot toe down onto the gasoline pedal. She hoped her quick action would spark a tiny fiery dino gasoline drop into the cold motor for a quick jackrabbit start.
However, Risa did not hear the engine roar.
She jerked open the door and scooted out from leather seat, slowly strolling around the nose on the engine hood, dropping down her face, listening with her eardrum. Her two eardrums heard nothing coming from underneath the lavender colored engine hood.
Risa quickly stood upright and stared down at the dirty purple paint finish. Her eyeballs stared down at the front grill with more mud spots and examined each clear headlight that illuminated dull in the bright sunlight, but could see the whiteness within each active headlight. Her parents had taught Risa to drive with both of the headlights illuminated. all the time, seeing each dumb deer and every dumb ass on the public roadway. So, she had powered the two headlights on the terrain vehicle, before bouncing out of the barn floor.
Risa slowly strolled around the parked vehicle, eye burning a different metal part, noting each water stain, the sticky geometric formation of grass stems and dead tree leaves, and numerous mud slaps on the wheel fender, the side door, the lower kick lift, the underbelly, and two tires. She rotated around the rear end and viewed a pair of tail lights blaring in red hue, continuing her visual inspection on the other side of the vehicle, seeing more water marks, stuck grass stems and yellow leaves, and numerous mud splatters that decorated the two other tires, the driver's door, and the rest of the nice lavender paint job and then halted beside the open driver's door.
She exhaled with confusion.
The vehicle appeared functional. Each tire looked properly inflated with air.
She whispered for her eardrums only. “I don’t understand this.”
She slid back down into leather seat and clicked off the ignition key. The two headlights, two taillights, and the driver’s console powered down. She flicked the key forward activating the battery, illuminating the headlights and taillights again, without hearing the roar of the motor and then scanned each vehicle indicator light.
The RMP needle displayed zero along with the speedometer needle. She reached up and passed her fingers over the radio dial, punching the button, hearing a happy country song from the set of hidden console speakers into her two eardrums. Risa danced and wiggled inside the seat snapping her finger with a smiles. 
On the dashboard console, the vehicle battery needle was fully charged. The oil digital needle displayed one hundred percent of good oil inside the silent engine.
Her eyeballs scanned the gasoline indicator circle and as she frowned in worry. “Fiddlesticks!” She reached over and flicked off the power with the key and as the musical song died. She twisted the ignition switch with the key and as the musical song blared in fighting fiddle notes.
But, the gasoline needle laid deader like road kill with a warning engine light of red indicating. “No gas!” Risa shouted out loud in annoyance. “Fiddlesticks!” She jerked open the door and slid off the seat again, stomping over the short green tinted weeds and tiny colorful wildflowers, tossing both of her arms in the air with confusion and puzzlement. “No gas! Why am I out of gas? There is not gas inside the tank. Why is that?”
She dropped both of her arms and slapped her legs with a sour frown, whipping her chip down into her neck, spinning sideways to face the landscape. She slowly paced back and forth in front the open door, pondering her inner mental thoughts. She whispered out loud. “When was the last time I gassed the thing? My dad told me the tank held 7.9 gallons of regular gasoline fuel. Get one of the farm hands to pump the gasoline liquid from the tractor station.” She slid on two boot soles into a stop and stared down at the batch of pretty colorful wildflowers at the vehicle. “My dad told me, yesterday morning. That’s why they dragged around the house on Friday morning, before leaving for their trip to Montgomery, so my dad could remind me to get the terrain vehicle gassed. Shit!”
She dropped her skull down into her open palms and mumbled into her fingers. “I forget to do that. I ran of gas. Double shit!” Risa lifted her face and spun around facing her far-away residential house, where her good eyesight could see two miles ahead. She pondered hiking in my cowgirl boots back home, taking the old truck, finding one of the farm hands, and then they could drive back here with a tin can of gasoline fuel for the terrain vehicle.
She exhaled with annoyance, “Fiddlesticks!”
Risa twisted her body and faced the roadway, pounding silently through the pretty wildflowers, like a solider going into war, without drums. She felt fighting fury at her stupid mistake and then tripped over a freaking small tree branch, falling forward like a drunker and then caught her tallness like a dancer, before she dropped down and bust her nostrils.
She halted her forward motion panting in a set of heavy emergency air molecules and calmed her fringed nerve endings.
Risa swung around with a sneer and stared down at the poor dead tree limb on top of the soil, violently attacking ahead, snatching up the tree branch. She lifted the branch into her face, which was the diameter of her bicep tissue, rapidly racing ahead with her distorted face, viciously assaulting the poor stationary terrain vehicle for both stupidly of her and the stupidly of it.
She violently pounded at the closest rear taillight as the black tinted guard rail protected the delicate plastic from her physical attack and her anal fury, shouting out loud. “You’re a stupid machine.” The branch tree quickly ricocheted numerous broken wooden particles off the guard rail back into her distorted face. She reared back and swung back of her biceps, whacking the snot out of metal rooftop with the slowly disintegrating tree branch and shouted out loud. “You’re a stupid machine!" She slid sideways and slammed the driver's door, "Stupid machine!" She slid sideways and hit the fender wheel, "Stupid machine! She slid sideways and pounded the front of the engine hood. "No one likes you. Everyone hates you.”
Risa stopped her assault with a distorted face and stood upright, panting like a tired dog chasing after a rabbit. Her two nostrils were inflamed with fighting fury and personal angry. She stared down at the poor, defenseless machine that did not react to her fury while experiencing teenly emotions of hate, angry, madness, fury, sadness, sorrow, regret, and embarrassment that flooded her mind, face, and both of her cupped hands, since the some of the sharp tips on the green leaves had scratched tiny diagonal tears into both of her open naked palms. She dropped the tree branch down on the ground and then heard a set of faint squeaks, looking up, viewing the back patio on the Actworth manor.
She stood in place with a distorted face and watched the pleasant commotion. The Actworth family clan was enjoying the breakfast meal in the cool air temperature on a pleasant Saturday morning on the back patio, rolling from the open sliding glass door like a long choo-choo train, streaming towards the two separate picnic tables while laughing with delight.
Risa grunted in pain, pity, and pious pride at the joyous scene and looked down, frowning at her dead terrain vehicle, pursing her lips, ugly. She marched ahead, stopped, and reached out, touching the cool engine hood, since she and the machine had been standing the sunshine for thirty minutes, if she had measured the angle of the sunlight correctly. 
She smiled and spoke softly. “Don’t worry! Mama is going to get you some help, little one.”
Now, Risa truly planned to seek the aid of her new friend Beck Actworth with her new real freaking personal emergency, since he could take her back home. During the van ride, Risa would elegantly explain her delicate dilemma regarding Garth, then they could schedule an impromptu visit with his mother while waiting for Garth to arrive back home from the fishing trip.
It is nice to have a big stick, when entering the snake pit.
Risa back stepped from the vehicle with a smile and then heard a series of metal squeaks along with thousands of rustling weeds, like a snake was wiggling its body under the belly of the metal beast. She slowly squatted down, without touching the weeds, and examined the undercarriage on the vehicle for a green-eyed monster, seeing row of burnt and then bend brown tinted weeds from the once heated engine. Then the front driver's tire cut to the side, like magic, followed by the other front tire slicing deeply into the weeds like a surgeon’s knife.
She stood upright in horror and stared at the bazaar angle of two front tires, when the terrain vehicle shifted to the right side and then back to the left side, wiggling side to side, like a freaking snake, swiftly rolling backwards, like a defected roller coaster, away from Risa. Each tire swiftly rotated to the right and then to the left plowing through the patch of pretty wildflowers and as the vehicle quietly dropped down the opposite side of hard pack dirt.
Risa gasped in shock and as her slow-moving brain neurons remembered the cause. She had left the gear box in neutral while trying to start an empty gas tank inside a hot engine that sat on top of a man-made hill. The angle of the heavy machine had burnt the weeds and then shifted the weigh, activating the four non-deflated tires to roll down rather than up the hard dirt.
She hollered out loud in panic and waved both of her arms in the air while chasing after the runaway machine. “Fiddlesticks! Stop moving! Stand still!”
The vehicle did not obey her vocal commands and continued to wiggle, like an earthworm, to the left side and then to the right side and as each tire rotation determined the trajectory pathway, since gravity was slipping the machine down the hilltop, like a snow skier, towards the flat valley of matted pine needles and dead tree leaves.
She reached out and grabbed the steering wheel, slamming the driver's door shut, twisting the wheel to the side and tried to halt the runaway machine. The terrain vehicle descended faster than a falling star and then viciously jerked its metal frame sideways from Risa, heading down towards the semi-crooked line of tall trees. Risa stopped on the side of the hilltop and watched the machine. The terrain vehicle slammed the rear end metal bumper into a thick, tall one hundred year old tree breaking off tree bark, tossing an array of tiny wood splitters into the air and tree leaves down over the machine and the soil.
She moan softly. “Fiddlesticks!”
Risa slowly stumbled down the hilltop with worry and stared at her wounded birthday gift, explaining this shitty mess to her parents. Her mother was not feeling well with her broken leg and upset that her daughter would not go off to college as her parents could not afford the expensive college tuition now.
Now, Risa had messed up her short seventeen years of life, sneaking around her parents and fixing the Harvest Empress slot for her classmate Beck. Beck, he owned Risa big time for her new mess, so Beck could fix this with her parents and Garth. 

At 08:41 am, she stomped ahead towards the semi-crooked line of tall trees that separated their farm property over the wet pine needles, hitting the smooth vanilla colored concrete driveway, walking carefully through loose gravel. Her boot sole hit the smooth concrete driveway on Beck’s house and as her eyeballs surveyed the new landscape.
The driveway extended upwards and then stopped on the side wall to the house, kissing an extremely large, lush manicured green tinted lawn that stopped one hundred feet ahead and stood below a nicely trimmed line of white tinted fence posts that held numerous grazing beef cows in black and brown colors.
Risa continued to march forward and admired a tall and thick oak tree that measured thirty feet in circumference and eighty feet in height which was older than the town of Apollo. Around the tree, white tinted tree bench wrapped completely around the thick trunk tree circumference which could seat twelve people, who enjoyed the cool shade from the overhanging branches while creating a romantic, timeless escape from the real world of wrecked terrain vehicle.
She giggled with silliness.
A smooth strolling path of vanilla colored flat, concrete slabs twirled around through the lush grass blades and led back to the front porch which were surrounded by colorful African violet flowers.
Risa stopped and stared at the winding patch of tiny flowers consisting of red, purple, dull pink, blue, white, hot pink, rose tints, without pointing her finger like a rude southern belle. "That long winding row of tiny flowers is called Saintpaulia in the family Gesneriaceae, and is known as an African violet, a perennial flowering plant and a day-neutral plant regarding flower development. Each dark green leaf is an oval-shaped, fuzzy, hairy, flesh texture, like a pimple-faced teen girl in puberty," She laughed. "Each flower contains a smooth or wavy five-lobed velvety corolla formation and grows in cluster of three on a slender stalk called a peduncle.
"An African violet is the easiest houseplant to care for. My mom lines each one of the kitchen window seals with rows of pink, rose, and lavender colored African violet plants.
However, the tiny plant is really fuzzy about it growing conditions.
"The house plant thrives in fourteen hours of moderate to light bright indirect, indoor lighting at warm air temperatures of eighty degrees Fahrenheit, not the bright rays of sunshine, that is currently heating up my dark colored hair roots, right here and right now. The plant needs light for photosynthesis, but the absence of sunlight will starve the plant into death.
"The plant requires an eight-hour rest period in the dark in 65 degrees Fahrenheit of cool air temperatures, not a constant bombardment of heated sunlight during the twelve-hours of sunlight here in Apollo in the month of mid-September. The plants thrive when facing west or south in winter. The house faces north along with the yard and the row of African violets.
"The tiny flowering plant is picky about water also. Do not overwater with saturation, only moisten the soil and use room temperature water. A Saintpaulia is sensitive to temperature change, especially rapid leaf cooling. If you spill cold water on the leaf of an African violet plant, then the leaves will become discolored from dark green into light green or yellow hue. The rapid leaf cooling triggers cell vacuole that collapses the palisade mesophyll cell structure.
"Do not over fertilizer the soil! The blossoms will die.
"An African violet is a propagated asexually. the plant is divided into a smaller daughter or can be grown from a set of leaf cuttings. The name African violet comes from the resemblance to a real violet flower or Viola in the Violaceae family.
"An African violet must be repotted each year. The plant prefers to be pot-bound, instead of soil-contained. The clay pot must be larger than the old pot. Remove one-third of the old soil and replace  new potting mixture. The crown of the plant is above the soil line, then water thoroughly, completing the surgery," she laughed. "My mom taught me how to grow African violets and then repot them, which was my first lesson as beginner junior crop farmer." Risa nodded with a smile and returned back, slowly padding down the smooth concrete, turning to the side and viewed a line of olive trees with blue-grayish leaves and a set of white blooms. Her nostrils could sniff an aroma of sweetness wafting off the front row of short apricot fruit trees with each reddish-yellow fruit hanging down from the tree limb. 
She stopped with a gasp and parked both of her hands on top of her hips, shaking her curls, whispering for her eardrums only. "An apricot fruit tree only bares its sweet fruit within the heated summertime months, which has passed. Hmm! Globe warming has hit the South. Look out, world!" She giggled with silliness and slowly moved ahead, turning to see a huddle of roses in orange hue. The color of orange represented emotional desire and fascination for another human. Risa quickly thought of stealing one rose for Garth, but axed that silly idea, passing a second tall, thick oak tree, where the over story tree leaves were thick and shaded the entire ground soil. However, the grass blades were lush and green tinted underneath the tree branches.
She stopped and frowned at the pretty lawn with confusion. "Normally, a big shade tree, like that, would destroy the grass blades. However, the lawn at the Actworth mansion is very lush and plush like a thick carpet of grass all the way to the line of pecan trees on the edge of the fence post. Wow! Someone is a talented gardener." Underneath the shade tree, a natural wooden gazebo stood that was surrounded with flowers consisting of tall colorful blooms of thorny rose plants and short, tiny colorful impatiens. She thought of another romantic scene within her teenly mind and lustful heart.
Risa smiled and moved ahead. Twenty feet from the front porch, the foundation was not a raised platform of bricked stairs, but a single slab of concrete even with the driveway and contained a pair of smooth sidewalks curling around to each side wall. The other side wall contained numerous individual double-car garages for each service van with each driver.
She slammed to a stop for the third time and gasped at the third thick, tall oak tree with an over story of thick, green tinted tree leaves. A circle of yellow tinted buttercups thrived underneath the shade tree in beauty and mystery. "A buttercup is a large flowering plant, which is call Ranunculus. Each petal is shiny yellow hue with a long green tinted stem. And each buttercup is poisonous when freshly eaten. The tongue experiences acrid taste with the blistering of the mouth which is caused by the poisonous wet liquid. The poison in cattle occurs where batches of buttercups are abundant in overgrazed pasture fields, when edible plant growth is lacking. The cow eats the buttercup flower in desperation. The poison buttercup results in bloody diarrhea, excessive salivation, colic, severe blistering on the mouth, inside the mucous membranes, and throughout the gastrointestinal tract.
"However, the poison toxins are degraded by drying, so a bale of hay containing dried buttercup bits is safe for any cow to eat and a human to handle. A human experiences dermatitis when handling the buttercup plants."
Risa moved ahead and shook her curls at the wrong workings of nature on this home property, stomping onto a wide and long slab of vanilla concrete which was the front porch at the house. She stopped and stared at numerous columns of the tall and short stacks in brown-tinted square-shaped boxes that represented a moving container which covered almost the entire square footage on top of the smooth foundation, except the double front doors in dark cheery wood.
Each box was not taped shut.
She slowly strolled to the closed door and then stopped, looking for a door bell, without finding one. Risa scratched the side of her head with a pair of dirty fingernails, folding her fist, knocking on the polished wooden door while waiting for an answer. Then she remembered that the Actworth clan was located on the rear patio eating the breakfast meal. So, she quickly decided to invade their personal residence with her true emergency, because she had wrecked both her vehicle and her heart.
She reached down with a smile and touched, twisting the knob, slowly guiding the heavy door open as door automatically swung open with ease, revealing a beige colored long and wide entrance hall that matched both the length and width of the front porch which displayed numerous columns of tall square-shaped, brown-tinted moving boxes.
Her curiosity overruled her southern manners.
Risa scooted sideways inside the quiet entrance hall towards the closest column of moving boxes with the cardboard lip flipped open, seeing her reflection in the mirror and then halted. She reached up and pressed her wild hair strands down on top of her bone skull, whispering for her eardrums only. "What is wrong with my hair today? My hair is usually straight and flat and dark. Now, the ends are bright blonde tone that is slowly crawling up the rest of my hair. O yeah! I have working or lounging or standing out in the bright sunlight. My hair strands like the bright heated sunlight," she dropped both of her hands and gently slapped her cheekbones, turning her face to each side. "What is wrong with my skin tone? I am not pale but turning a glowing pale. No, I am not glowing ghostly pale. I am lightly non-ghostly pale, if that makes any sense. Whatever!" She spun around with soft giggles and smiled, leaning over into the open box lid, staring a tall stacks of colorful magazines. The first magazine displayed a colorful, glossy page of ancient television sets with different sizes, lengths, and machine features. She frowned with confusion and looked up, scanning a large living room space, without a single piece of furniture or a single piece of art work with a row of glass windows in the rear of the room that contained a single black tinted curtain drape.
It was confirmed. The Actworth clan was moving from their house in Apollo to another place in the world globe. So, this particular stack of tall square boxes must be family trash that had been collected from years, decades, maybe, centuries while hording tons of stuff inside the old house.
 The entrance hall was a rectangular-shaped room and displayed six low-level double-wide glass windows on the front porch that faced the pretty manicured lawn, which were closed shut and draped in a set of black tinted curtains over each glass frame while keeping the sunlight out and their trash inside.
Risa softly giggled with amusement.
She turned and stared at one of the side walls in solid beige paint, lacking any decoration, such like, a single piece of art work or an oil painting of deer or a single family picture or a built-in book shelf of ancient books, seeing a double-wide closed door. She whispered for her eardrums only. "They are moving from Apollo."
She slowly moved ahead, not hearing a sound or seeing a body, and stared at square-sized wooden door on the side wall, turning to view the opposite side wall, seeing a duplicate closed door. This center spot must the rolling avenue that connected each side of the large house.
Risa cringed with her set of wickedly mental thoughts and decided not to leave the empty entrance hallway but move through the unexplored Actworth house like a thief, wandering around the house, until she found the rear door in the kitchen space.
Maybe, she should find the parlor room and say hello to one of the numerous he-ghosts that had been rumored to haunt the manor during the nighttime hours.
She softly giggled and slowed moved ahead to the wooden archway, on the side wall, touching the smooth wooden door with her index finger and thumb pad, gently twisting the knob. The door silently swung open and revealed a well-lighted grand room.
Risa stood in the open archway and blinked my two eyelashes, clearing my sight, scanning the new room. On side wall contained a solid wall of mirrors that reflected the opposite side wall. 
The opposite side wall displayed a solid background of black tinted wallpaper with billions of tiny white tinted stars like outer space among the dark heavens and numerous standing objects. Her heart skipped a beat and as her breathing stopped for a second, gasping in shock.
Beck wore a black tuxedo suit, a white dress shirt, and a neon purple and pink colored bowtie around his neck muscles. His palm extended outwardly towards Risa.
He stood six feet and three inches upright on a pair of black leather shoes, not inside his wheelchair beside a stark white piano with a crystal vase of red long stemmed roses flaming from the center of the polished wood.
He stood inside a large room with three walls of reflection mirrors and one solid wall of black wallpaper.
He tilted his jaw to the right as his slightly wavy hair draped around his smooth cheekbone. His jaw line was dusted in black tinted whiskers. His pair of bright blue eyes, with a touch of violet, twinkled against his dark tinted skin, without his pair of personal black tinted eyeglasses.
He smiled and shared with happiness. “Welcome to my world, Risa! Come with me, darling!”
Risa continued to stand in the open archway and gasped in shock, drooling mouth spit onto her parted lips, whispering for her eardrums only. “Fiddlesticks!”
Beck walked from the piano, not rolled to Risa. He was walking ahead on his two upright legs inside a pair of black trousers and then stopped in front of his classmate, waving both of his arms to the side and even with the floor. “Risa, welcome to my house! I’m so delighted that you desire to spend the day with me. The time is early, darling.”
She continued to stand in the open archway and scanned the exotic room. The tile floor was comprised of smooth black tinted wooden bamboo planks, three walls of solid reflection mirrors, and one wall of black wallpaper with tiny outer space stars. Risa quickly back stepped feeling with panic, fear, and fright.
He was quicker and reached out, grabbing her hand, cuddling her. “Risa, do you remember my family members?” He softly chuckled into her stunned face. “There are too many to name. Just nod and say hi!”
In front of each reflection mirror, each one of his family members appeared and stood in silence, staring at Risa. 
She recalled each face and each name when they all attended the church service each Sunday morning. The eldest brother was named Cox, who was the lawyer for her farm operations. Risa didn't socialize with any of the other family members, since the family business was the local funeral home services.
However, Risa didn't want to see a walking dead cadaver or a floating ghost but each standing member of the Actworth clan.
Each person stood upright on a pair of two straight legs, not sitting inside a rolling wheelchair. Each lady was dressed in a flowing floor-length evening gown in a pretty color ranging from gold or silver or pink or red or orange or yellow or green or black plus numerous glittering gems that covered the naked neckline, both naked arms, both naked earlobes, and each naked finger. ach brother displayed a dressy tuxedo in a different textures and colors ranging from black or gold or red or orange or dark green or silver or white or gray.
Risa continued to stand and stared at each Actworth clan member in silence.
Beck smiled at her. “Risa, please, say a sweet good-bye to my family members! They’re heading out for the day.”
She stared and softly whispered. “Bye!” He chuckled and spun around, nodding with a smile to each family member in silence.
On the forward wall, Beck's father smiled with a nod tossing out his hand in both friendship and hospitality, without accepting a handshake from the stunned human teenager. “Welcome to our house, Risa! I’m glad you could finally visit us Hopefully, we can sit and then chat, later this afternoon. For now, we all have a set of pre-arranged plans for the morning.” He spun around with a smile and waved his arm towards the solid reflection wall mirror. “Everyone, let us be away,” he escorted his wife Mrs. Actworth. They walked towards the mirror, a solid piece of reflective glass, where a person could not move there. He stopped in front of the glass that reflected back his and her image within Risa's eyeballs and then he reached out and gently tapped the mirror surface with his finger pad. Then the solid mirror surface swiftly morphed into an array of dull whitish-gray swirling clouds that was beautiful and eerier.
Risa stood in place and watched the mass of pretty swirling clouds. Mr. and Mrs. Actworth marched into the clouds and then disappeared from the enclosed room. She gasped with a whisper in shock, “Fiddlesticks!”
Her classmate Beck gently tugged on her naked forehead while smiling at her nose profile. “Risa, please, come this way with me! I have much to explain.” Risa did not move. He spun around from Risa, moved to the side wall of black wallpaper with billions of tiny stars, and then stopped on the entrance wall, standing a solid black long table in black wood, smiling at her nose profile.
Risa continued to stand still and scanned the room. Each mirrored wall displayed the same pretty dull colored whitish-gray swirling clouds. Each biological brother and their spouse elegantly strolled ahead and entered the mist of swirling gray clouds inside the mirror and then disappeared completely. Then the enclosed exotic room was empty, except for Risa and Beck.
Beck softly spoke out loud. “Risa!”
She turned her face and viewed Beck and then stared a long table in black smooth wood which was similar to a dining room eating table, without a dining room chair for sitting or plate of food for consuming. The long table leaned against the length of the mirrored wall and held tall and short neat stacks of colorful magazine which displayed thousands of glossy pages.
He reached out and snatched the first magazine from the short stack on the table, flipping through the pages. “We need to find you something to wear, Risa. Well! First, let me ask if you want to join me for the breakfast meal, this morning. I do hope so,” he looked up with a wink to see Risa. She nodded without a smile and vocal words, looking down, studying the columns of magazine with curious, mystery, and intrigue.
He flipped the page on the magazine and pointed at the photograph with a nod to Risa. “Do you like the color of black or red for a gown?”
She turned to face the side reflection mirror and stared at mist of whitish-gray swirling clouds with mystery. “I …”
He moved ahead, stopped, and then stood beside her, leaning over, whispering into her cheekbone. “I promise. I will explain everything. First, please, select a formal gown. I like the yellow one best. The color makes your skin gleam like a set of gold bars.”
She returned back and stared at him, “I…”
“Risa, I am not a human. But, I guess you have deduced that from my appearance, or maybe, the appearance of my family members plus the mirror trick,” he nodded and fingered the ankle-length gown in the colorful magazine. “Do you like this one? I like this gown on you, very much.” Risa nodded with a stern face. He looked down and ripped out the page from the magazine, slapping the damaged magazine back on top of the short stack with a short chuckle, winking at Risa. “All right!" He held the ripped page in the air and nodded to her. "I would like for you to hover your index finger over the selected photograph of the lovely gown. I am going to guide your finger over the lovely dress.” Risa obeyed and stared at the off-the-shoulder, slender-fitting yellow tinted elegant ball gown. He reached out and touched the top of her hand slowly gliding her finger pad towards the gown picture. “When you touch the gown with your finger pad, the dress will appear on your body, like magic.” She gasped in shock and then softly chuckled with amusement. Beck slowly stopped and slapped her finger, touching the glossy page from the fashion magazine on the individual picture gown.
Risa felt a soft spark of energy which was not painful swirl but pleasure around her upright body like a gently breeze. She gasped in shock and stepped back from the long table, wearing the same yellow tinted gala gown over her upright body, not her pair of dirty jeans or a pair of dark blue cowgirl boots or her dirty pink tinted blouse. She looked down at the pretty gown and gasped in shock and then giggled in delight. “How did I? How did you? What did we do here?”
He nodded with a smile and examined her gown. “You need a pair of fashion shoes too.”
She giggled and then gasped in shock, touching the rear of her gown. “O no! I feel a drift, a breeze. Uh!”
Beck smirked with a nod and reached out, grabbing a second colorful magazine, holding in front of her face. The cover page displayed an array of girly undergarments. Then Risa blushed in embarrassment. He turned and stared at the black wallpaper, not Risa, slightly wiggling the magazine. “You select one of these items on the cover page and repeat the same procedure. Please your finger pad on the item. Then I will tap the side of your hand. Do you understand?”
Risa scanned the cover page and lifted up her finger at the girly undergarment picture item, slapping the side of his outstretched hand. She immediately felt the silk-ness of the new pair of girly panties with swirls of fast hot air, giggling out loud, smiling at Beck. “Done!” The upright glossy sheet completely disappeared from his hand. I frowned at the empty air space, “It …”
Beck turned and winked to Risa. “Now, you need a pair of shoes,” he reached out to a different stack of magazine and grabbed the item, slapping the magazine on top of the table, flipping open the page that display numerous pairs of girly high heeled sandals. “What is your pleasure, darling?”
Risa looked down at the table and moved ahead in the gala gown, scanning the single glossy page, without touching a pair of sexy yellow leather sandals with four inched heels. Her mom would faint down on the kitchen floor seeing the whore-like items, if she were present.
“Good selection!” Beck tore out the colorful page and placed the fashion magazine back on top of the taller stack, slapping the page down onto top of the smooth table. Her finger appeared over the colorful page and glided towards the glossy shoes. He lifted his hand and touched the top of her hand, gently dropped her finger pad over the pretty colorful picture. 
Risa felt a pair of soft leather on her naked feet and giggled with delight, standing even with his two eyeballs.
Beck smiled. “You look so beautiful, Risa.”
She exhaled with delight and turned to see the side wall with the mist of swirling clouds, returning back to see the single glossy ripped page from the colorful magazine that disappeared from the table surface too. Risa gasped in shock and pointed the table. “The glossy page is gone plus the other individual pages from the other fashion magazines. I don’t understand, this thing. Beck, what is going on here and there and everywhere inside your magical house?” Risa didn't toss her arms in the air feeling teenly happiness, giddiness, fear, fright, miff-ness, mystery, intrigue and other emotions that she could not voice at the moment.
He lifted up with a smile and gently touched his finger to her parted lips. “I’m feeling hungry. How about a picnic lunch, right now but right here, darling? Then I promise you. I will explain everything that your human mind can comprehend,” he dropped his arm and leaned down, lifting up a picnic basket filled with food items, standing upright and extended his arm for an escort.
She returned back and stared at the mist of swirling clouds, looking back at Beck, nodding with a smile, “Okay! I’m both hungry and intrigued. And I wanna hear your story or tale or whatever too,” she reached out and grabbed his forearm a little tighter than usual, staring at the side wall with the mist of whitish-gray swirling clouds.
He smiled at her and pointed at the side wall of swirling clouds. “Don’t be afraid here, Risa! The mist is only dull looking clouds which is called, the Wall of Time. I can’t explain the supernatural physics either on that wall. It just exists. This is my true transportation mode out from my house to any place on Planet Earth. This is how my family travels which is not by a car, a bus, a boat, a train, or an airplane. The travel sensation is going to feel like flying, without air and stomach turbulence. I promise. Then we’ll gently land down into a new part of soil.” Beck slowly paced ahead and continued to stare at her nose profile. “Don’t hold your breath either! Just breathe like a normal teen female,” he chuckled.
She continued to stare at the mist of swirling clouds of gray and white without seeing Beck. “What are you, Beck?”
“Yours!” He cuddled her into his rib cage and softly chuckled with a smile.
They slowly moved ahead and entered the mist of dull colored swirling clouds within the outline of the vanished mirror. Risa started at the swirling clouds of gray without seeing a person or a place or a pet. Then they disappeared from the room and was covered in the mist.
At 09:09:21 am, the room was empty and quiet.
Six hours ahead of Birmingham, Alabama


City of Paris, within the country of France
Second floor level apartment terrace

58% cloud cover; 66% precipitation; 1% humidity
  8.6 mph wind speed; 61° Fahrenheit
  156 feet elevation

04:09:21 pm


The interior walls displayed a rectangular-shaped sitting room with two square-sized bedrooms, all furnished from copies of the King Louis, the XVII furniture style with a pink tinted cushion, consisting of long sofas and numerous sitting chairs surrounding individual glass-top side tables. The sense of orchids freshened the two cream-colored marble bathrooms. There was a separate dining room decorated in crystal and golden colors.
Tall, slender, long dark hair, dark skinned, Apollo high school senior student Lara Lee wore an ankle-length, sleeveless, peach-tinted gala gown. Her long hair was penned in a tight bun on top of her dark hair roots sitting slightly behind a tiny glittering real tiara in peach tinted morganite gem stones. Her naked throat wore a peach tinted moonstone beaded choker. Her two naked earlobes were hung with a pair of peach colored triangular shaped moonstone earrings. Each finger including the thumb joint wore a peach colored morganite gem stone ring. She wore a sour frown and stomped in a pair of matching peach colored fashion designer high heels sandals with a set of yellow tinted toe nails over a smooth wooden floor on top of layers of real red tinted rose petals behind the back spine on Beck's biological mother.
Mrs. Actworth waddled in a puffy, black tinted plantation skirt with a tiny waistline and a tighter bodice of black satin, displaying diamond jewelry on numerous body parts in her hair, both wrist bones, both ankle bones, both earlobes, and all finger joins also, carrying a cool glass of champagne, slowly moving ahead towards the open archway that led out onto the outside second floor balcony terrace and then stopped with a smile. She sat down at the iron-coated table on top of the white tinted cushion, staring at each famous landmark, “The fashion capital of the world, I love Paris.” She slipped the liquid and then swallowed, smiling at the new city.
“Why are we eating out on the terrace? The air temperature is cold and the clouds are gray and the sky is light mist of rain drops,” Lara Lee stopped and frowned down at the plate of food, wiping the raindrops off her face.
“I love viewing the Eiffel Tower twinkling over the morning’s sunlight. Zap out a trench coat and a cute umbrella for your wet hair, girl! The stack of colorful magazines are located on the coffee table, child.” She flicked her hand and sent each raindrop from her body with her advanced magic, slowly sipping the beverage.
Lara Lee frowned down at the colorful magazine and flipped through the pages, finding the two items, touching each item at the same time. A white tinted trench coat appeared in her one hand with a cute ruffled red tinted umbrella in the other hand. The magazine disappeared from the table surface in the light rain shower. She slid down into the warmth of the trench coat, flipping open the umbrella top over her wet hair roots, staring down at the gardens. “Why on earth are there smell stinky ponies inside the pretty flowers?”
“We’re in the heart beat of Paris, across the street from the Tuileries Garden and the Musee du Louvre. We can take a stroll through the flower gardens and smell the fragrance later in the afternoon after viewing the Musee d’Orsay, Notre Dame…”
“I don’t think Beck likes me, Annabelle.” Lara Lee sat down and held the umbrella over her wet hair roots, combing through her wet clothes with her magical hand while staring at Mrs. Actworth.
She smiled at the dull clouds that covered the late afternoon dull sunlight. “Beck is a shy teenager. You are over 2000 years old in Earth years and act more mature rather than his youthful eighteen year old teenage years. Beck will adjust his teenly attitude and behavior in another five years. You should plan to marry here in the lovely city of Paris, Lara Lee.”
Lara Lee frowned down at the street level and sneered at the walking humans, the traveling human cars, and the cute animals. “I don’t know. I was thinking a hot sizzling climate, like the Bahamas or Virgin Islands, for my upcoming wedding ceremony.”
She exhaled with depression and stored her deep mental thoughts. “I miss the city of London in the autumn season, because of them. Since, we verbalized that shared treaty, we can’t travel, anywhere, without being spied upon.”
Lara Lee scanned each city street and every window inside each building with angry. “I have other worries of them.”
“Once they are swiftly terminated, our worries will be swiftly eliminated. Then, my teenage son Beck will be all yours. I promise, Lara Lee. Our upcoming civil war will not be civil, but quicker than an eyelash blink,” she laughed out loud and then sipped the beverage, swallowing with a smirk at the famous landmarks.
Lara Lee returned back and frowned at the elderly woman, “You are his mother. Beck is not a mature god-kind male, who does not obey his parental authority, which is a normal trend for a wild human teenager.”
“He will learn to obey his mother and his future wife, which is you, Lara Lee. I know best here for my gifted son,” she watched the skyline while sipping her beverage.
Lara Lee still did not touch the plate of food and sat at the outdoor table in the rain mist, drying her body parts with her free magical hand and as her personal goddess emotions felt anxious, worry, and fear.
Eight hours ahead of Birmingham, Alabama


Socotra Island within the country of Africa
    (150 miles, east, from the Horn of Africa)

0% humidity. 6.8 mph wind speed. 29% cloud cover.
   81° Fahrenheit. 0% rain 

05:09:22 pm


Risa held the hemline on her new yellow tinted gala gown and exposed both of her naked kneecaps, slowly stepping down on her new matching glamorous designer sandal onto hard red dirt, coming from the stationary swirling mist of dull colored clouds that magically hovered in the air waves five inches up from the hard surface. She quickly scanned the weird landscape with a smile, without viewing Beck. “What are you, Beck?”
“Yours!” Beck cuddled her and carried a picnic basket in the other hand, stepping even Risa, slowly strolling then ahead over the hard red tinted dirt towards the wild landscape of a new place.
“Where are we located at, Beck?” The place resembles the red planet of Mars. The landscape is barren dirt with dead and dotted with individual trees that look like a mushroom monster,” she laughed.


The hard, dry soil on Socotra Island soil comprises crimson-red tinted hard dirt with scattered loose groves or a single individual tree, without plots of green short grass blades, patches of tall yellow tinted weeds or pods of colorful wildflowers. The land is barren dirt and scorched rocky hilltops.
Each tree measures fifteen to twenty feet in height and displays a mushroom-type umbrella head that is covered in green tinted evergreen flowers, which looks like the alphabetic letter of Y, where the upper portion is solid.
Underneath the semi-rounded green tinted head on the tree, each exposed root soars upwards into the head not outwards like an oak tree and is tan colored tinted, without rough tree bark or tree leaves. The upright tree trunk is comprised of twisted naked dull white tinted roots that release up into each twisted branch and hold the umbrella head upright.
The unique tree structure is called a dragon blood tree or Dracaena cinnabari.
The island is located is located between the Horn of Africa to the east and the Arabian Peninsula of Yemen to the west.
On the edge of the slightly twisted oval-shaped island, white tinted sand dunes guard the beach from the rough sea waters. The native wildlife species have existed for 20 million years on this tiny island, untouched by man or Mother Nature.


He continued to escort Risa over the hard red dirt with a smile. "Socotra Island is also known as Soqotra Island and is located between the continent of Africa and the Arabian Sea. Socotra Island is the largest of the four islands. The island holds 60,000 individuals. The isolated island does not possess television cables, commercial businesses, or mobile telephone technologies and still remains untouched by human hands on each wild landscape with particular, weird biological oddities.
"There are not any man-made concrete roads here, so there are not any human vehicles. The natives walk, the walk and talk, the talk. The local natives called this place, 'the island of happiness.' The natives speak a different language from the rest of the boring world and a tourist can visit participate in snorkeling, bird watching, hiking, or just sitting right here and enjoying the wild scenery with you." She giggled with amusement.
He continued to talk and walk. “Socotra Island is 150 miles south of mainland Yemen and east of the Horn of Africa with lumpy white tinted sand dunes that block off the ocean waters and high mountains of solid tinted rocks, where the trees grow. This place is not America, because, first, the place is empty and is very, very wild. The sands and the mountains smash nicely together, kinda like me and you, Risa.”
She turned and scanned the new environment with a smile. “I see only the color of red as the wiggling sands gently crawling up the mountain side here on Planet Mars. The hot spot is very arid without the color tone of green grass. Numerous moon-like shaped rocks are covered in red dirt with individual or grove of mushroom-shaped green-colored trees growing from the white tinted roots. This place is really plain and strange, Beck.” Risa giggled. “Is this our first date? Do you really bring a girl here to the ugly spot?” She turned and grinned at his nose profile. “Come on! Tell me the truth! Is this really Planet Mars within the Milky Way Galaxy, Beck?”
He continued to lead and studied the unique wildlife that his pair of supernatural eyeballs could see and eardrums could hear while still escorting Risa, holding the picnic basket. “Socotra Island houses 825 plant species, where thirty-eight percent of the plant species, ninety percent of its reptile species, and ninety-five percent of its land snail species are not found anywhere else in the world. The signature species is a Dragon Blood Tree that resembles a gigantic mushroom or a gigantic umbrella that soars up from the red dirt and stands thirty feet above our hair roots. The short tree is made of red resin or the dull red blood from the dragon. The folk lore tells that the first dragon blood tree had been created from the blood of a dying dragon, after it had been wounded in a battle fight with an elephant. After the dragon died, the blood drained down into the crimson-red dirt and sprouted the first tree sibling branches. When the dragon blood tree is cut down into the roots, the tree bleeds in red sap. Thus, the tree secretes its blood resin, when it is injured also. 
"The red tinted sap is collected and used commercially for numerous items, such like, medicines, dyes, paint, cosmetic makeup products, varnish on furniture and violins, and sweet smelling incense."
She gasped in shock. "That's both wonderful and scary. The red tinted sap is used in paint that goes on a wall and in a spoonful of medicine that goes down my throat."
"The local natives had used the red sap as a wonder drug to cure all types of aliments from diarrhea, fevers, viruses, and dysentery, treating ulcers, lesions, and skin rashes, and eczema, millions of years ago. The resin is relatives safe in small quantities and does not exhibit harmful effects on people and is believed to possess magical and medicinal properties for healing a human or an animal or an alien," he laughed. “The island is the biggest isle, about 1,400 square miles, but it packs a lot of variety and character into one small space.
She frowned. “It packs scattered mushroom trees around colorful tiny rock pebbles which are tickling my naked toes.”
He smiled. “Transportation over the rough waves during a monsoon makes it very difficult to travel to the island in certain months. There hasn’t been much development here either. Actually, the island is pretty empty and thoroughly wild landscape without a guest hotel or an infrastructure of bathing facilities for one or two tourists. There is a paved road that can bring visitors right here, but, today, we are here and all alone,” Beck stopped with Risa and released her hand inside a semi-circle grove of four loose dragon blood trees and stood twenty feet away from the smooth cliff edge of air waves. This particular spot formed a triangular point on top of the hard red tinted rock cliff that displayed the miles of pale blue sky above their hair roots, other mountain peaks even with their eyeballs, rows of white sand dunes down on the beach strip, and miles of dark blue sea waters that went into the flat horizon.
Risa was stunned with the beauty of the peaceful island and cupped her hands underneath her chin while smiling at each lovely scene coming from Mother Nature. Beck smiled and waved his hand in the air still holding the wicker brown tinted picnic basket. 
Her eyeballs darted down to the hard rock surface seeing tiny pebbles float up and stand in the air then magically move ahead towards a different shady spot underneath a different dragon blood tree. Risa gasped in shock without words and stared at the moving pebbles. 
Beck continued to clean off the hard rock surface and wiggled his free hand still holding onto the picnic basket. “I can move stuff with a slight of hand or a mental mind thought. But, the hand motions are much more funnier and also tickles my skin tissue. I'm clearing us a smooth non-rocky spot for our bodies underneath one of the trees to each our picnic breakfast meal.” He leaned down and gently rested the picnic basket on top of the smooth rocky surface. “We have some shade from the dragon blood tree. Now, we just need a soft blanket to protect our pretty fancy eating clothes and my prettiest eating companion,” Beck turned and winked to Risa, squatting down behind the basket on top of the clean rock surface, flipping open the lid.
She squatted down in front of the basket with a smile and leaned down into the darkness, getting her new gala gown slightly dirty with bits of red dirt, without touching the wicker basket. “If I touch the basket, then will it turn into a real grizzly bear or something that might stand and eat me?”
He chuckled and reached down into the guts of the basket. “No, silly human! This object a plain old-fashioned brown-tinted wicker picnic basket that has been used for centuries. The word, picnic, comes from the French people in the mid-1600s. The French people brought their own wine bottles when dining out with family or friends or work chores. So, our wicker picnic basket holds our breakfast entree. Wee. Wee."
She continued to stare down into the darkness in the basket without smelling any food items. He grunted with silliness and slowly pulled out a low stack of glossy, colorful magazines, slowly standing upright from the rock surface, flipping through the first magazine with a smile. Risa stood upright from the rock surface and gasped in shock. Beck ripped out a small section from the colorful page and showed the item to Risa, a blue and yellow tinted outdoor soft sleeping bag. “I am not human. Therefore, I possess some really cool supernatural powers. Look! Don’t ask the …”
“… physics! I get it! I won’t! So, just do your supernatural thing, super-teen! I think I can catch on to this supernatural event,” she giggled and observed Beck.
He dropped the ripped piece of paper from the magazine on top of the rock surface and then  stomped the colorful wad with his dress leather. Magically, a blue and yellow tinted sleeping bag appeared underneath his feet and over the top of the rock. Beck winked at Risa. “I got this neat set of supernatural powers that materializes any object from a colorful, glossy magazine, a single photography or a colored picture, not a black or colored hand drawing. A lead pencil or a colorful ink pen drawing is not a real object within the real world. A paper magazine contains a true colorful photograph with a real human object, somewhere in the world, like my new object, a blue and yellow sleeping bag right here and right now. You need a sleeping bag too. Which one do you want?” He extended the magazine to Risa.
She glided her finger pad over the page and stopped at the colorful object. “I’d like an orange one with a diamond pattern please.”
He reached down and ripped the section from the new page, dropping the sliver of colored paper, stomping the paper and then magically an orange tinted sleeping bag appeared beside the blue and yellow one. Beck continued to tear off tiny paper slivers from the damaged magazine, supplying more material objects, a white tinted blanket on top of each sleeping bag that thickened the cloth for better butthole comfort. He looked up and winked at Risa. “Do you want a lounge chair for eating your breakfast meal? Or do you wanna eat your kneecaps?”
She smiled. “This picnic meal underneath a really weird ugly tree is strange, but I can eat my meal on my kneecaps, for fun, like a real human picnic spot.”
He continued to tear slivers from the same page on the damaged magazine, touching the object with his hand. “All I have to do is pick out the item then touch it with my naked finger pad or the side of my naked hand or the pointy tip on my naked elbow or the tip on my naked nose bridge,” he chuckled. “I can use any naked body part which contains my blood, flesh, and bones, since my supernatural power stays within my body. I can materialized the eating plates and then food items next for our morning picnic breakfast,” he dropped the colorful sliver of paper down on top of the blanket and then stomped it with his foot again. Two black tinted plates appeared without the cooked or raw food items. 
He smiled. “I am not a magician. I don’t wear a pointy black tinted hat. I’m not a wizard either. I don’t own a wand either,” He continued to rip off large slivers, drop on top of the blanket, and stomped each torn paper. Two crystal goblets appeared on the side of the plate of food.
Beck pointed down at the blanket. “When I stomp the ripped colored photograph from the ripped page within the human magazine, the sliver of paper disappears. The sliver of paper is replaced with the actually colorful object. However, I cannot materialize an object from a single word or a sentence of words, like a genie. So, what does my darling want to eat for her morning breakfast meal, here on top of Socotra Island?” He flipped through the magazine and found the item, lifting a food menu from a local diner in the city of Apollo, displaying a column of individual colorful prepared meal items.
She gasped in shock and then smiled, “That’s a food menu from our local Dee’s Dee Hamburger restaurant in our hometown of Apollo, where we live and play. Do you perform a carry-out magically service right here and right now?”
He stared at each food item and smiled. “How about a plate of scrambled eggs? Watch my cool trick!” Beck tore off a single colorful picture of cooked scrambled eggs from the food menu, squatted down, and then placed the sliver of paper inside the oversized plate, gently tapping the glossy paper. A set of steaming yellow tinted scrambled eggs appeared on top of the ceramic material.
She gasped in shock and stared down at the eggs. “Are those really real eggs coming from real chickens from a real farm?”
He repeated his magical touch and continued to create more food items on the plate for Risa. “There are real eggs from real chickens from a real farm. I’m not a cook. I’m a thief.”
“What!” Risa looked up in shock.
He continued to tear off sliver of colored items from the food menu, placed on each plate, and finally touched the glossy paper. The oversized eating plate quickly filled with eight sausage links, four blueberry muffin, a pile of cut fruit slices, and four sugary donuts. A individual glass goblets of grape juice plus tingling ice cubes. Two large cloth napkins appeared last beside the food plate. Beck tossed the stack of magazines back don into the open picnic basket and looked up with a smile at Risa. “I'm all done, darling! Let's eat our morning breakfast meal underneath the dragon blood tree. I'm starving.” He reached out and assisted Risa to sit down in her fluffy gown. She sat down and stared down at the plate. He sat down and viewed her nose profile with love.
She looked up and smiled at Beck. “This is a nice trick, Beck! What are you?”
“Yours!” He winked with a grin
The twin sleeping bags held a kingly and queenly meal feast. He reached down and grabbed then oversized napkin wrapping it around his neck. 
She reached down and grabbed the cloth napkin gasping in alarm. “I see only one plate of food. There's only one plate of food.”
He scooted up the eggs with his spoon and turned with a smile, gliding the spoon towards her mouth. “We can share the single plate of food. Open your mouth! I’ll feed you.”
She turned and smiled at Beck. “I can fed my person.”
He wiggled his eyebrows and smiled. “Yeah, I know that and you know that, but this is much more fun for me.” Beck eased the spoon of eggs into her parted lips with a smile.
She chewed and then swallowed the food, nodding with a smile. “The eggs are good,” she watched him chew the shared food. Risa looked back over her collar bone and smiled at the stationary mist cloud in gray hue that continued to hover in the air waves, returning back and stared at his nose profile. She reached out and selected a muffin without eating, but pondering her mental thoughts. “Okay! I am very, very impressed with your cool magic tricks. Now, it is time for some detailed explaining, super-teen.”
He swallowed the food and nodded to Risa. “I am a vampire in the old country of Romania.” Beck fed her more food.
She chewed and then swallowed the food, shaking her curls. “I don’t believe you.”
“I am a werewolf in the old country of England.”
“Naw!”
“I am a healer in the old country of Ireland. I am the devil in the old country of Argentina. I am the anti-Christ in ancient South American continent," he chuckled. "And I am a super man in the modern day country of the United State of America.”
“Nope!” She shook her curls with a sour frown.
Beck ate the food and then chewed, swallowing the lump, smiling at her. “I am the seventh son of the seventh son.”
She looked back over her collar bone and studies the stationary formation of swirling gray tinted clouds, returning back, sipping on the goblet of juice. She nodded with a stern face to Beck. "Yeah, I have heard, not read some of these ancient superstitions that come from numerous ancient people from a long, long time ago. The seventh son possesses powerful, magical, and lucky supernatural talents. Well, I can accept that novice concept within my brain cells and with my two eyeballs from your cool magic tricks. You can move the earth soil in the air and also materialize objects from ripped sheets of paper.”
He chewed and swallowed the lump of food, shaking his curls. “No! I cannot materialize nothing.” She laughed out loud and then tinged the wet crystal goblet with half of the grape juice, nodding with a smile.
He thumbed the stack of magazines hidden down inside the picnic basket with a smile to Risa, dropping his hand, grabbing one of the donuts. “The human magazine is real deal here. Each colorful photograph inside each human magazine is the real deal here. That human crystal goblet is the real item inside your naked human hand. I am a thief. Thank goodness! There does not exist a supernatural judge or jury or executor for my thieving crimes. I would surely be found guilty of supernatural stealing with the first degree, Your Honor,” he ate the food.
She shook her curls with puzzlement. “I see it, but I don’t understand it.”
He lifted up and wiped his dirty hand with the powdered sugar from his fingers, wiggling the digits at the closed lid on the basket. The lid lifted up and then the top magazine rose from the stack, flying into his dirty hand. He drew the magazine towards Risa and flipped to one of the glossy pages. “This particular page shows numerous colored pictures with different types of eating plate for an individual or a large platter for food items. Each plate and platter in pretty colorful ceramic patterns is real and really is stored inside a physical warehouse on the planet,” he flipped to the cover page on magazine and then returned back to the page of plates and platters. “This is a catalog that comes from the country of England. When I touch the glossy colorful photography of a human eating plate on the page, the human item is teleported directly to me, wherever I am sitting at the table or standing on the grass or resting in the bed mattress or shitting in the toilet," he laughed out with Risa and then he nodded. "Thus, I am a thief. I can teleport any object whether big or tiny or  gigantic or small directly to my person within the parameters of my personal space longer than my arm span and taller than my height but within the one or two eyeballs of my supernatural eyesight.”
She gasped in shock. "So, do you ever pay for the item from the physical warehouse?”
He winked. “No! What happens from a scientific theory, sorta? The stolen human item is replaced with my ripped, tiny glossy sliver of paper coming from the damaged human magazine, which is kinda like a reminder to replace the misplaced human item inside that particular physical warehouse. When the human item stands at the foot of my boot toes, I get to keep it, foreverly.”
She laughed with amusement and nodded with a grin, “Yes, you are a thief.”
He winked with a smile. “I am a god.”
She gasped in shock and then smiled. “Well, I do not believe that I have ever met a supernatural person. Am I supposed to curtsey on my ankle bones or kiss your hand, teen god Beck?”
He chuckled, “Yeah, I forget to command to the pretty human teen. Kiss it!” He presented the donut to her lips. “Kiss my donut, human!” She giggled and then leaned down, biting into the sugary white tinted donut, chewing with closed lips in a smile. Beck dropped the donut and brushed the powdered sugar from his naked hands on the cloth. “Yup! I am a god like the kind you had read about in your World History course at high school. I am part of the Greek, Roman, India, Hindu, Mexican, and all the other ancient gods and goddesses.” He thumbed back over his collar bone to the stationary formation of swirling gray tinted clouds and then returned back, nodding to her. “The array of whitish-gray swirling clouds is a supernatural teleportation and transportation avenue of air waves for each god and goddess. Actually, it is the only supernatural transportation devise for a god or a goddess, other than a human car or a human bus or a human train or a human airplane or a human bicycle," he chuckled and then smiled. "A god or a goddess does not fly through the air like your mythical superman. Inside my residential house, some of the interior walls are built with a ceiling-to-floor reflection mirror. You saw that too. The reflection mirror is not special. It is a plain old mirror that me and you both possess inside your personal lavatory, but in a gigantic size and wide format. The mirror is called, the Wall of Time. Yeah, I know. The thing has a silly name, which was long before my birth here on the planet. When the reflection mirror on the solid wall inside my house or another god house is touched with any god-magic, I or another god can teleport from my house and then land down on the surface anywhere in the world, like magic and faster than an airplane.”
She gasped in shock and looked back over her collar bone to see the stationary formation of swirling clouds, returning back with worry to see Back. “Okay! I get it. A god can teleport through the plain old reflection mirror and go to another place. But I am not a goddess and I cannot teleport from point A to point B, like a god. So, how will I get back home to Apollo from here at Socotra Island today or tonight or tomorrow?”
He reached down with a dirty hand and cuddled her dirty hand, winking at Risa. “Don't worry, my love! You are with me. Hold on my hand at anytime! I can take your person and my person anytime to anywhere within the world, Risa.”
She wiggled her hand within his palm and smiled at a sweet Beck. “You’re so sweet! I see the formation of swirling clouds. Does that stationary formation of swirling clouds, that brought us here, ever disappear from its magical spot within the air waves?”
He smiled. “No! That pretty formation is the only transportation devise, which is available for a god to carry the visiting god back home to his residential home for sleeping or eating or bathing. If the formation of swirling clouds dissipate, then the nasty mean, rude goddess is stuck right here for a very long time, until some nice god or goddess help arrives or any god and goddess party people arrive,” Beck laughed out loud with his evil mental thoughts of one particular mean, rude goddess that was not part of his biological family clan, but the god-goddess membership.
"Can something cause the swirling clouds to dissipate from the air waves? The air is very arid and dry here along with heated sunrays. Does that affect your god transportation devise?”
He looked back over his collar bone with a frown and studied the swirling clouds. “Hmm! I have never heard of weather elements from Mother Nature affecting the transport window, since each god uses the reflection mirror inside their home for a godly or goddessly ease and quick teleportation to another place within the planet. As long as the reflection mirror inside the house remains undamaged, the teleportation devise is safe.”
She looked back over her collar bone and smiled at the swirling cloud mist. “O! I see now. I can see the swirling mist of gray clouds in the air waves. Then through the twirling mist, I can see the glittering interior room with the other mirrored walls inside your …”
“No, you can't really see the clouds or my interior walls inside my house as a human teen girl. A human cannot see the gray twirling clouds, only a god or a goddess can see the teleportation avenue ..."
"Yes, I can see the clouds and the three internal walls inside that room, where we just left inside your house."
He gasped in shock and then looked down, feeling her warm hand, lifting up his hand that held her fingers. He pointed with a smile at his entangled hand, “O yeah! You can see the swirling clouds and the interior walls inside my house, since I am a god and I am holding your human hand. My god-magic is awesome while allowing you see all of the supernatural things that normally a human does not see or cannot image either.”
She returned back and smiled at their entangled hands. “That’s so cool! Can you time travel?”
“Can you?” He laughed. She shook her curls. Beck nodded. “A god does not do time travel. That vile action is against the god-goddess rule. The concept of time travel only exists in a pretend Hollywood movie film. A true, real ancient god does not propel his physical body forwards or backwards within time or space, like the science fiction character Starra Starbuck,” he nodded with a chuckle to Risa.
She nodded with a smile. "Yeah, I like to read each one of these cute science fiction e-novels too, which is entitled Unknown Me by written ELA that features her fun, funny, smart fictional character, Princess Starra, who had been an earthling too and then ended up an alien in a new galaxy, on a new planet, all alone and lonely."
Beck nodded. "Each young god and goddess must read all of the rules and regulations from the gosh-dang book or Goddom book, before one or both of them cause major trouble here on the planet. However, each god and goddess is allowed to travel the world. Our planet is a beautiful wondrous place…”
She nodded. “Can you leave off the soil from the trashy surface of Planet Earth and then travel through outer space waves?”
“Can you do that?” He smiled. Risa shook her curls in silence. Beck slapped his chest and nodded. “I, too, am an earth-bound person for the rest of my days and nights here with you, darling.”
“What does god or goddess do during the day and the night?”
“We have fun. We dance. We sing. We play. We paddle. We explore the world. There is so much to see and to do from sunrise down to sunset and in-between the bright and heated lights from the solar sun. We are like a flock of geese that flies south for the wintertime. We do everything within our supernatural family clan. My family clan is named Actworth.”
“But, I thought. Isn't every god and goddess kin to each other like the mythological gods and goddesses from the World History textbooks?”
He nodded. “Is every human who is named Smith kin to each other? Is each person named Smith related by blood proteins?”
She shook her curls with a stern face, “No.”
He smiled. “The same concept applies here. We are kin coming from a biological goddess-mother, a god-father, a god brother, a goddess sister, a goddess grandma, a god grandpa, a goddess aunt, a god uncle and a god and goddess cousin like a human family tree with many tree branches. A god marries a goddess. Then the happy god-goddess family sets up housekeeping in a small town environment which is far away from the race humans, like the rural cow town of Apollo.”
She gasped in shock. “My hometown of Apollo is populated with gods and goddesses ...”
“Yup! In the town of Apollo, each god is married to a goddess and has produced a god or goddess child. The god or goddess child is reared in Apollo, like a human child, and each god or goddess child attends the local human school, learns good table manners at dinnertime, and stops the traveling human car at the next red colored traffic light. The god or goddess child marries another god or goddess spouse from a different god or goddess family. The happy and undiscovered end!”
She gasped in shock and slapped her chest, “I live all of my life in the small cow town of Apollo. My biological parent have lived in the town of Apollo. Are my parents kin to you also? Are my parents a god and goddess couple too? I didn’t know that. Do I carry a set of goddess supernatural powers too? I didn’t know that either.”
He shook his curls with a stern face. “I am a god. You are a human. However, you are definitely and defiantly different from the average human teenage girl.”
She frowned with disappointment. “How am I different from another human teen girl? Yeah, I feel differently inside my body. I don't feel like my usual selfie. Yeah, I am different for some reason ...”
“...because you are with me here in paradise, darling,” he lifted up the entangling hand with her, kissing her dirty hand for a few seconds and then pulled back with a wink and a smile to Risa.
She smiled with his gentlemanly ways. “Do you possess other magical godly supernatural powers besides stealing table ware,” she giggled with amazement and amusement.
He did not release her hand but dropped their hands down on the blanket, shaking his curls. “I am the seventh son of the seventh son of the seventh son. This is my unique royal title as a teen god. A god can heal their body. A god can’t fly like a nature bird. A god can’t swim like a fish. A god can't leave the planet like a rocket space. So, pretty much, I am a little bit above the average earthling that lives on the same planet.”
She shook her curls. “I still don’t understand. Why me? Why did you pick me for our picnic and trip to Socotra Island today?”
He smirked. “Hmm! You rescued me. You came to my house. You walked into my mirror room. You picked me. I should be asking you that posed question. Hmm!” Risa smiled and shook her curls in silence at his posed question. He nodded. "Why are we here today? Socotra Island has been inhabited by mankind, since 1.5 million years B.C. However, this tiny island serves a greater importance to my god-kind and goddess-kind clan members. I am a god. My mother is a goddess. My father is a god. Each brother is a god. Each sister-in-law is a goddess. My true blood-kin family members come from the Ancient Egyptians, that every earthling has read in the World History textbook, except for pretty Risa, who does not like to complete her school homework assignments, ever," he chuckled with a wink to Risa. "Socotra Island is a scared place for every supernatural creature. Inside the series of caves at the long plateau on the island, an abundance of natural earth minerals form and grow naturally, including myrrh, frankincense, and aloe. The ancient Phoenicians, the ancient Druid shamans, and the ancient Egyptian priests and priestesses came here to Socotra Island learning to master their mystical healing powers and collect all of their mysterious healing potions. So, now, you know the truth," he chuckled with Risa. "This tiny island is one of the wonders of the world and one of the most important bio-ecological places in the world for everyone, not just gods and goddesses. Even Alexander, the Great had heard and then came to Socotra Island for the nice smelling myrrh and frankincense that he used inside his private bathroom, before going off and getting killed by another wild tribe of crazy humans. Throughout world history, this tiny island had serviced as a rest stop for both the sea sailors and their sea ships that rolled around the open ocean waters. After ending World War II, this island had been claimed by the country of Yemen and then cut off from the race of greedy humans, after the ancient sailors and explorers had ditched the cities of Ancient Egypt.
"Ancient Egypt had been a rich, diverse, and cultural city in art, history, medicine, trade, and travel. People from all over the world coming from the southern desert valleys, the northern mountainous towns, and the eastern forestland villages had visited the cities of Ancient Egypt which had thrived in dynamic ideas, including their religion with an afterlife and a powerful protective super entity that protected the kings and the slaves for thousands of years here on the planet, since the dawn of civilization really. Then one day, it all disappeared like magic."
She gasped in shock and then coughed out loud, spitting down her chewed food particles, wiping her mouth while talking to Beck. "Why? What for? What happened?"
He nodded with a stern face. "A power struggle happened. The gods and the goddesses met their match."
She gasped again. "What does that mean? A god or a goddess is a supernatural creature here on the planet. What happened to the ancient gods and the goddesses from Ancient Egypt? Well, nothing had happened to the ancient gods and goddesses. You and they all live here as you are a live and breathing teen god. What happened to ancient Egypt? Every human historian is dying to know that secret, Beck. You...you could become the first trillionaire of the world, if your revealed that deep, dark secret to the earthlings."
He swiftly stood upright with a smile and wiped his mouth, tossing the cloth napkin back down into the open basket, tossing both of his arms in the air. “Well, I’m stuffed.” He leaned down assisted Risa to stand upright in her long gown waist from the blanket, sweet breathing into my smile. “How about we go and work off our breakfast?”
She viewed her long gown and then Beck. “I’m not appropriately dressed for a walking hike or a jogging run over hard red dirt.”
He smiled. “The day and time is perfect to play and paddle in water.”
She scanned the dry soil for a water puddle and then the bright sky for a rain cloud. “There isn’t any water pond or puddle up here on the mountain peak and not a teardrop of rain coming down from the sky but the massive ocean water that is filled with sharks and whales and fish.”
Beck scanned the hard soil, each dragon blood tree and then the massive ocean waters. "We are not going to interference with the landscape here on Socotra Island. The race of nasty, vile humans have beat us here first. Right now, the natives are experiencing massive climate change, where the land is becoming drier from the lack of monsoon rains and grazing bald spots from herds of domestic goats and extracting the red colored resin from each dragon blood tree for commercial products and gathering firewood from each tree for fuel. And the race of greedy humans are developing the dirt on the island creating roads for human cars and knocking down the mountain slopes for human hotels for human money and more human money. Not too long in the future, the poor natives here on Socotra Island will have difficulty living here as the race of greedy humans significantly affects bringing out terrible effects on the beautiful dragon blood tree groves into nothing but rows of super high hotels and three-story residential villas that overlook the beaches and the ocean waters."
She squeezed his hand and frowned at his nose profile. "Are you seeing a future event here on Socotra Island with your seventh son talents? Can't you do something for the innocent and simple natives here on Socotra Island using your personal seventh son powers?"
"No, I can't." Beck stood upright from the soft blankets and then leaned down, assisting Risa to stand beside him, wiggling his hand in the air in silence. The lid on the picnic basket opened and revealed the stack of colorful human magazines first. Then, the stack of magazines slowly lifted up from its dark warm spot and hovered a couple of feet in the air, alone and lonely, in silence. 
On the rock surface, the set of the dirty eating goblets, dishes and blankets, like magic, neatly folded into a square shape formation sounding with tiny tings and dings, slowly lifting off the rock surface, gently floating through the air, and finally landed back down inside the roomy picnic basket. Risa continued to watch the magic show in silence.
Beck carefully watched his own magic show for any problems and exhaled with worry for the planet, reaching out, snatching up the stack of magazines and cuddled inside his crooked elbow. He looked down and studied each front cover, gently tossing each glossy magazine back down into the open picnic bench with accurately. Risa continued to watch and giggled softly with his awesome god powers. He found the correct glossy magazine and handed to Risa, dropping the stack of magazines neatly back down into the basket with his god powers without sound or problem.
Beck leaned over and blew sweet minty breaths into her cheekbone, hugging her body. "Because, we can go and participate in the newest trend of paddle boarding on the fresh water river of the Mississippi. Do you want to come with me? My family is located there for an afternoon retreat and fun.”
She smiled. "I would love to come with you and play in the water.”
He released Risa and reached down, grabbing the new magazine, flipping through the numerous pages and then stopped. He pointed down with a smile at the new page of girly clothes. “We need to dress for the paddle boarding activity on the Mississippi River. I would suggest cool fabrics that include a pair of walking shorts, a tee shirt, and a pair of athletic sneakers. The river floor contains jagged rocks from the tumbling wet dirt and some icky green tinted slimy moss that falls down from the dangling shade trees. Press your middle finger and your thumb on the pair of walking shorts and the tee shirt that you wanna wear. Else, I get to view half of your birthday suit,” he softly chuckled.
She gasped in shock, “You mean ...”
“Yes, I am mean and wicked and yours.”
She shook her curls with a smile and pressed her two digits down on the soft page inside the glossy magazine. Beck reached out and touched the top of her hand. Her elegant yellow tinted and dirty gala gown quickly morphed into a pair of aqua-colored walking shorts, a short-sleeved white-tinted tee shirt. Then the entire magazine disappeared from her flesh and bone two digits. She gasped in shock and felt a swift breeze on her naked legs. Risa wore a set of new clothes and stood in the pair of yellow tinted sandals. 
Beck was quick and found a page of girly shoes inside a new magazine. She reached out and pressed her finger pad on a pair of aqua-colored sneakers as he tapped her hand. Then Risa felt soft leather cushion her two naked feet. The magazine disappeared from her hand.
Beck quickly exchanged his dirty black tinted tuxedo and pair of matching dress shoes for a tan colored pair of walking shorts, a red colored tee shirt, and a pair of red tinted athletic sneakers with a pair of matching socks coming from a new glossy magazine as the magazine vanished from his palm. He kicked the basket with a foot and watched the lid shut, leaning down, grabbing the handle and stood upright. Beck turned and smiled at Risa. “All the items, including the sleeping bags, belong to me and you. I can’t make the dirty dishes disappear from hard rock dirt here on Socotra Island. We will need the dishes and the sleeping bags at the river site location anyways. Yeah, I can clean the items with river water, but I'll use my god magic first," he chuckled. “We reside and live and play and eat and sleep here on Planet Earth. We must practice keeping the soil, the dirt, the water, the sky, and the air clean and healthy for our children.”
Risa giggled with silliness. “Is that my marriage proposal for our upcoming wedding ceremony, Beck?”
He back stepped with a smile from the triangular cliff edge and cuddled Risa, holding her hand, performing his god-dash over the hard dirt with a soft chuckle.
At 10:10:03 am, they entered the Wall of Time and disappeared from the red tinted dirt of Socotra Island in the Arabian Sea, like magic. Then the Wall of Time slowly sucked inward and then twinkled with one last glittering cloud dust, vanishing backwards while trailing after its master teen god Beck Actworth.

Mississippi River location
130 feet river floor depth
81° Fahrenheit water temperature

10:10:04 am


The Mississippi River is the second longest river on the North American continent and flows in a southerly direction for 2,320 miles starting at Lake Itasca within the US State of Minnesota, which takes 90 days for the water to flow down into the Gulf of Mexico warm waters.
The Native American Indian tribes had lived and worked on the Mississippi River for thousands of years as a group of hunter-gathers, mound builders, and agricultural farmers.
Then, the unexpected arrival of the Europeans in the 16th century changed the American Indian native way of life, foreverly, which killed off most of the natives on the North American continent from foreign body diseases, numerous man-made deadly weapons, and human creation of a few new road systems that plowed through massive acres of wild beautiful forestlands killing some of wild animals and other elements from Mother Nature.
The thick river silt deposits on top of the land provide fertile soil for all type of food and product crops for centuries which marks the importance of the Mississippi. Steamboats have paddled visitors and goodies down the muddy river waters. In wartime, the humans blocked boats from sailing up and down the river banks. In modern times, levees and dams have been built preventing the river waters from shifting into the Atchafalaya River and bypassing the port city of New Orleans.
Currently, the river is experiencing major trash, chemical, and oil pollution coming off the land and ships elevating environmental problems, creating a dead zone of aquatic plant and animal life at the Gulf of Mexico mouth.
The Mississippi River drains fresh water from the Rocky Mountain range in the west; from the Appalachian Mountain chain in the east; from the Rio Grande, Alabama, and Tombigbee rivers in the south, all flowing down into the Gulf of Mexico waters.
The river moves water at a rate 700 thousand cubic feet per second.
The Mississippi River collects fresh water that flows down into the Gulf of  Mexico but the fresh water does not mix into the ocean salt waters immediately. The fresh river water plume appears dark when it is compared to the light blue salt water in the Gulf of Mexico.
The fresh water plume flows through the Gulf of Mexico waters, into the Straits of Florida, and then enters into the Gulf Stream. The plume rounds the top of Florida and travels up the southeastern coastline to the waters in Georgian and then mixed with the Atlantic Ocean salt waters.
From a geologic time base, the Mississippi River has shifted the main course flow of fresh water due to the natural process of avulsion or delta switching, where the mouth of the river has moved every few thousand years, due to the clogging of deposits of silt and sediment. When the clogged, non-moving silt and sediment deposit settles and the raises the natural level on the river bank, the heap of physical minerals causes the fresh water flow to find a steeper more direct route to the Gulf of Mexico as each abandoned tributary diminishes in volume of water and then forms a bayous.
Over the past 5,000 years, the coastline of south Louisiana had advanced 50 miles towards the Gulf of Mexico creating Birdfoot Delta bayous,  in the ancient town of La Balize, where the first French settlement had been established at the mount of the Mississippi River.
In the year 5,000 B.C. the present-day named Mississippi River had been shaped by the melting ice sheets from the Ice Age, where each gigantic glacier sheet had extended down into the Mississippi basin.
When the ice sheet had started to recede, rich sediment deposits had been left behind creating a flat and fertile landmass of the Mississippi Valley. During the melting of each gigantic ice sheet, the fresh water quickly had drained a watery pathway down the present-day named Mississippi watershed, creating the present-day named Minnesota River, the James River, and the Milk River valleys, Hudson Bay, and the other present-day rivers.




Low-lying sandbar location
101° Fahrenheit air temperature
Wind speed southeasterly at 4 mph
50% humidity

10:10:04 am


A mist of gray tinted twinkling clouds stood stationary a few inches above the edge of a yellow tinted, short sandbar, in the middle of the Mississippi River, without harming any other elements coming from Mother Nature and then revealed an aqua-colored sneaker on Risa first from the clouds. Then, the two upright bodies cuddled together slowly dropped down from the mist of swirling clouds and landed down on top of soft yellow tinted sand grains.
Risa slid a little to the side from the unexpected wet surface, gasping in shock. 
Beck quickly cuddled her tighter and slowly moved them over the packed wet sand while smiling at his father, who was surrounded in a semi-circle by all of his god-kind family and a few god-kind and goddess-kind friends that wanted to enjoy the new adventure of paddle boarding on the Mississippi River, this late morning of the present day in the US State of Mississippi.
Beck stopped with Risa several feet behind the semi-circular huddle, viewing an individual black-tinted rear skull, listening to the set of vocal instructions from a tall, dark-skinned, dark-haired male.
The sound of thundering water thrusts bombarded her two sensitive eardrums. Risa reached up and covered both of her earlobes from the harsh sound and still heard the words from Mr. Actworth, who was Beck's biological father.
Mr. Actworth smiled. “We are all standing on top of a sandbar, which is made of soft sands, without grass or weeds or birds or seashells, in the blistering heated day. This sandbar is located in the middle of the Mississippi River. The river water is flat but ferocious and free of all obstacles, such like, boats, buoys, and bodies,” he chuckled with the other gods and goddesses, displaying a pair of tan colored walking short, a blue colored tank top with a muscular body for an older male, waving both of his arms around the air, standing both of his ankles in the shallow fresh water at the edge of the sandbar.
Risa looked back over her collar bone and viewed a single stationary mist of swirling gray clouds, concluding that any god or goddess could transport through a different mist and then safely arrive at the same common location. She thought.
Beck had not provided many juicy details about the lifestyle of a god or a goddess. But Risa was slowly learning about a god and could never, ever mention any of this new information to her parents or her best friend Cinta or her former boyfriend Garth.
Risa had abandoned Garth, without mercy and hope. It was obvious to her. Garth was jealous of Beck, such like, the rest of her senior classmates. However, Beck was a very special guy, a god, not a human teen.
On top of the sandbar, in the middle of the roaring river water, Risa continued to hold both of her earlobes, turning to survey the new landscape, consisting of slightly raised yellow tinted sand grains on top of a small island, in the middle of a flat angry muddy river, without a single tall shade tree or a man-made umbrella. She lifted her hand and shaded her two eyeballs still hearing the lecture from Beck's father about the conditions of the river and the heated weather. She continued to stand beside Beck in the blistering heat and as her two eyeballs turned to the east and spotted in the far distance an array of scattered both ancient and modern day short, squat residential and business office buildings in solid vanilla colored concrete and red tinted brick and as her voice whispered to Beck. "Where are we?"
Beck turned and scanned the new environment with his happy smile. "We are technically located on top of a sandbar. The sandbar is called Stack Island. This tiny island is six miles long and almost one mile wide which is 5,132 feet across the river. The western side is 200 feet from the shoreline of Mississippi. The eastern side measures 48 feet to the Louisiana shoreline. The sandbar stands 95 feet up from the rushing and loud river waters and is owned by the town of Lake Providence within the US State of Louisiana and is 200 miles north of the city of New Orleans in the middle of the Mississippi River, without a single tree or a life jacket," he chuckled with Risa. "Stack Island originally had been located on the eastern side or left river descending bank at 100 feet from the Mississippi shoreline, in the year 1811, which had been also six miles long and 5,000 feet wide, within the one-mile width from shoreline to shoreline, that contained rabbits, wolves, woodcutters, bears, birds, foxes, willow trees, cottonwood trees, hackberry trees and fertile crop land with cotton and corn.
"After the four earthquakes in the years 1811 and 1812 plus the two great floods in the years 1811 and 1813, all of the Stack Island fertile soil and landmass had been swept away disappearing from the Mississippi River location.
"In the year 1820, a sandbar reappeared, where the island had been and grow into a towhead.  A towhead is a river island with a grove of trees. The towhead slowly migrated and expanded with more groves of trees coming from the deposits of rich slit and sediment minerals from the river waters, slowly shifting away from the east bank towards the western river bank, where the new Stack Island landscape melded smoothly into the river bank descending on the Louisiana shoreline.
"You can see groves of trees on the northern portion of the island. These are 70-year-old cottonwood trees that provide shade and food for the wild animals that still live and roam the tiny wilderness."



Lake Providence is a town in northeastern Louisiana with a population of 3,695 individual. The land mass is 3.60 square miles of land and .04 square miles of fresh water at 105 feet high elevation from the river water.
In the 18th Century, animal pelts, indigo, and cotton bolls were transported on the Mississippi River on a flatboat that was replaced by the steamboat.
River pirates enjoyed raiding each flatboat at Stack Island, killing the crew, robbing the merchandise. If the flatboat and the lucky crew members made it passed Stack Island without death, then the crew smiled and said, 'They had made it to Providence."
The town had been developed from miles of cotton fields and large cotton plantations along the river bank.
The Union Army had developed a supply depot near the lake during the Civil War.
Presently, the town provides cotton and food crops as a Prime Creator of revenue for the people.



Beck whispered into her eardrum. "In the year 1790, this island became the home of river pirates that preyed on all of the flatboats, killing the people, stealing the goodies. They operated brutally, rudely and profitable, until the year 1809. That year, the group of angry captains and crews from the other flatboats arrived right here, ganged up, and murdered all of the river pirates ending their shopping spree." 
She gasped in shock. "This tiny sandbar could never become a base of operations for a seagull or a sea turtle nest." 
He chuckled. "You're a smart girl, Risa. On the edge of the Mississippi River, between the present day cities of Memphis, Tennessee and St. Louis, Missouri, a failed underground geological rift had formed at the same time as the creation of the Gulf of Mexico, which the race of humans call the New Madrid Seismic Zone. In-between the two cities coming down to the Gulf of Mexico is contains active earthquakes. In the years 1811 and 1812, four great earthquakes had occurred and then had affected all of the fertile crop lands on each side of the river bank. The earth quaking impact had created the Reelfoot Lake within the US State of Tennessee altering the landscape near the natural river. Before the year 1811, Stack Island had been a massive piece of landscape, in the middle of the river, that held houses, crop land, and forestland, which had become washed away from the 1811 and 1813 great floods plus the four greater earthquakes of 1811 and 1812 into the present-day low-lying sandbar. The end!"
She smiled. "I am impressed with your history lesson."
He spun around with Risa and faced the western side of the Mississippi River, pointing with a smile at the river bank with a large river levee that held back the floor waters. "We are standing on the southernmost end of Stack Island, where a section has flooded and broken off from the main island of six miles.  Right here, we are even with the small town of Lake Providence."
She smiled. "Yeah, I can see all that. The town is so cute with six miles of crop lands and newer building which are right beside the Mississippi river bed. I can see the crop fields with Indian corn like my farm back home in Apollo."
Beck gasped in shock and viewed the same scenery within the small river town. "What!"
She pointed to each object with a nod. "Yeah, I can see the two-story Lake Providence City Hall building in dark beige cider blocks which is across the street from the US Post Office, which contains dark red cider blocks and a gray tinted metal roof. I love metal rooftops too."
"What! How can you see that far, Risa?"
She continued to point at each object with a smile. "I can see the community church in red brick with a white tinted steeple and a set of double doors, sorta, like our own church building in our hometown of Apollo church."
"What!"
She jabbed a finger at the last object and nodded with a grin. "And finally, I see a two-story building that is named the Louisiana State Cotton Museum, which is covered in dark wooden planks with a silver tinted metal that displays an ancient uncovered wagon and other ancient pieces of equipment on the front porch. I really do enjoy traveling to different places. Do you travel every day after our school session or only on the weekend days, Beck?"
He continued to view the town buildings also. "How can you see that far, Risa?"
She bumped into his rib cage and bounced back with a smile, pointing down at the levee. "Beck, Stack Island is only separated by a river levee that is 48 feet away from our set of toe bones. A human girl can see three miles across a flat plain with her human vision." 
"Yes, I know that and other things about a human girl and boy. Yes, I can see the human boat harbor and the boat launch, but the town of building is three miles from the river water."
"I just told you that. I can see three miles ahead, even as a human girl. Is there sometime wrong?"
"No!" Mr. Actworth continued to stand in front of the crowd of his Greek pantheon god and goddess clan.
Beck and Risa spun around and stared his father. Risa narrowed her two eyeballs and frowned at the black tinted circle that surrounded each god and goddess body which did not glow but pulsed in depressing throb. She turned and stared at the bone skull on Beck.
His head and body were surrounded like a rainbow in a set of pretty neon colors that glowed and rose up, touching the clouds, consisting of light green, pink, yellow, orange, indigo, lavender and purple. She smiled at the pretty colors and then returned back, viewing Mr. Actworth, listening to his lecture.
Mr. Actworth thumbed back over his collar bone and lectured to the group. "Behind me, in front of your smiling face, the northern portion of the island is covered in short five feet willow, six feet cottonwood, and taller hackberry trees that rise up from the shallow water on half of Stack Island. You will see tiny herds of wild deer graze and no foxes, who are hiding and asleep inside the dry clearings. So, stay away from them! Here, the mighty Mississippi River roars her power and races at three miles-per-hour. When it moves, you move with it! 
"Our fun and non-deadly competitive water race will start right here and then run around the side, the tip, and the opposite side which is the entire length of six miles on Stack Island. The water flow is fast. The water flow is loud. The water flow is filled with native fish, native snakes, and some native alligators that had not eaten a meal, since last week," he laughed with some of the gods and goddesses. Risa gasped in fear and looked down, viewing the muddy river water without seeing the bottom or a single aquatic animal, evaluating the dangerous, fun sporting event by the gods and goddesses. However, Risa was a human girl without a single supernatural power.
He smiled. "The water race is fun and sounds easy, but it is not. On the Mississippi side, the water is 200 feet from the sandy shoreline and drops down 150 feet to the sea floor. At the tip of the island, you will fight against the rushing river flow that ascends into the air and then splashes down on top of the soil that feeds the groves of trees and the wildlife animals. Watch out for the Asian Carp that like to munch on naked toe bones for the lunchtime meal!" He chuckled with the others. "And do not become surprised if a sudden thunderstorm hit the river waters causing a set of deadly rough waves." Risa gasped in alarm and looked up scanning a bright pale blue sky without clouds.
Mr. Actworth smiled. "On the opposite side of the island, the Cotton Chute water channel is an ankle-length deep measurement, which is less than your bubble bath water level, Lara Lee." Mr. Actworth chuckled with the others. "You must maneuver like California beach surfing the fins on your personal board through the ankle-deep shallow water, without flying over the water or leaping over the entire 31,680 feet of wetness. For any god or goddess, who has forgotten the American measurements, one mile is equal to 5,280 feet. Each long side on the island is six miles in length, which is 31,680 feet here in an overheated, blistering, hot solar sunshine rays." Mr. Actworth laughed with the others. "Now, we are standing here on the tiny island and are located fifty miles north from the human city of Vicksburg, within the US State of Mississippi, in case, a god or a goddess can't remember the geography of the planet," he laughed with the others. "On the southern end behind your buttholes, the river current is strong and swift that can lead of dangerous body condition, suck like, body drowning. The stronger the current flow of water; the stronger the creation of rips and eddies in places that do not exist before. A strong eddy can pull a boat or a body into a dangerous situation, such like, smashing into the tall river levee or tossing your body into the forestland on the island. So, I would stronger suggest that each person don a lifejacket for their life," he laughed with the others. "As you round the southern tip on Stack Island, the river waters will exhibit the strongest swiftest current as the Mississippi River flows southerly, not northerly. You will be racing backwards and then forwards and then backwards again, advancing nowhere. You are allowed to use and abuse your god and goddess powers, but you can't race through the air waves or leap like a frog from the water into the air and then back down into the water. Each fin must touch the water. If you are not in control of your paddle board, then you will be running with the free-floating, swiftly churning Mississippi river water all the way down to the city of New Orleans, which this 200 miles due south of Stack Island.
Perry laughed out loud. "What do I win, after I defeat all of ya'll?" The others spun around and booed at the funny god male.
Mr. Actworth laughed and nodded with a smile. "A grand prize, indeed, will be awarded, but you must first cross the finish line and won the fun, non-dangerous competitive water race. Now, Stack Island has no value to the humans, only to us. This is why the tiny island shifts and then some of the natural landscape appears and then disappears as we have some supernatural fun on the island in the river with the silly human race. On your left side, the island is separated by a very shallow water channel that is ankle-deep, and is called Cotton Chute, which looks like part of Stack Island but it is not. The water channel is dry during the wintertime allowing you to walk over land.
"However, the last time, we were all visited here, in the springtime year of 1811." Risa gasped in shock and continued to listen to the mature male god in silence. He nodded with a stern face to the party. "For some reason, the swift-moving Mississippi river water literally shifted Stack Island sideways in-between the one mile expanse of water, where the southern end of the island had eroded down into sand grains with the fishies and the southern end had amazingly expanded with additional groves of forestland. And the western side of Stack Island had shifted from an eastern side of the Mississippi shoreline in the direction towards a western side to the Louisiana side. I do not wanna know how or who or why it happened. But I do wanna know that it will not happen again, today, Cox." The other gods and goddesses clapped with laughter as some hands reached over and slapped the back spine on Cox.
Within the group, on top of the sandy soil, Cox Actworth used his god powers and lifted up from the sand grains, tossing both of his arms in the air, slowly spinning around to see each one of his friends and family members while celebrating his ancient evil deed and then he dropped back down, staring at his father. The sound of loud claps and laughter slowly ceased.
Mr. Actworth clapped with a nod. "Now, you know the Mississippi true river rules. No god or goddess is allowed to alter the river bank or river island ever and never and again. Time to a prep for the race! Everyone, go and get store your gear, if you are late coming to the meeting. And then, go and collect your paddle boarding gear, if you haven't yet already."
The semi-circle of gods and goddesses slowly broke apart and then scattered away from the southern end of Stack Island, crossing through the ankle-deep shallow water or flying with their powers over the water, landing down on the main island, that was covered in five feet short willow trees, six feet short cottonwood trees, and ten feet tall hackberry trees shooting out from the sandy soil on the southern end of the Stack Island. Each one disappeared into the forestland collecting their gear or storing their gear.
On top of the southernmost island, Beck and Risa were left alone in the heat and sunlight. He reached down and grabbed her hand, still holding the picnic basket with their used items, slowly leading her ahead, crossing the shallow ankle-deep water. He smiled. “We need to go this way first and stow our gear, including both of the sleeping bags and our picnic basket, finding in a shady spot underneath the willow tree or one of the cottonwood trees. I don't like sleeping underneath the hackberry tree. The berries are turning from green into purple hue and the birds like to peck and miss each one of those tiny berries which happen to land down on my face during my peaceful slumber. Even a god needs to sleep, sometimes,” he laughed with her and headed into the cool, thick forestland, following behind a row of other gods and goddesses through the moist sand and down a natural aisle of short trees and wet tree leaves.
Each god or goddess or couple quickly selected a shade tree.
Beck stopped and stood beside a cottonwood tree. "I like the cottonwood tree," he squatted down and placed the picnic basket on top of the wet leaves. "The tree smells sweet. The tree had been the favorite tree of the Native American Indian tribes that had lived, worked, hunted, and did not thrive here, after the white men, women, children, and teens had came and then robbed them of their native homelands. Don't worry! I'll clean our gear and dry out the leaves, before our bedtime," he fiddled with the contents inside the basket and laughed out loud.
Risa slowly sniffed the sweet odor from the row of cottonwood trees and smiled at the new landscape. “Is your biological father really named Zeus, the leader of the Greek gods and goddesses? I’ve always called him, Mr. Actworth.” She viewed her parents with a frown seeing the dark black ring around their bodies as they shuffled ahead and chatted with other gods and goddesses. “Beck, I see …”
From the forestland, a young goddess scooted away from her selected willow tree and stood in the nature path, staring at Risa. 
“Lara Lee!" Risa gasped in shock. "Lara Lee is here with you and me also.”
Lara Lee slowly performed a priss with a smile towards Risa and displayed her head of long dark tinted straight hair strands, a pair of amber colored eyeballs, and a tone of dark tinted skin, wearing a pale blue bikini on her fit body. She stopped and frowned at her high school classmate. “Zeus, is the name of a cartoon character that had been developed from the human superstition, based on some type of real god-magical moment in their pitiful mortal life, right before death.”
Beck grunted with annoyance and swiftly stood upright from the wet leaves and tree limbs, spinning around with a smile, cuddling Risa. He growled at Lara Lee. “Shoo away, Lara Lump!” He scooted ahead with Risa and maneuvered around a stationary Lara Lee, slowly padding towards the middle of the forest into a dry clearing.
 The dry clearing of sand grains held a semi-circle of short native trees. On each tree branch, a colorful glossy sheet of paper from a human magazine had been stabbed through the end point on the limb, floating like a ghost in the light breeze, displaying an individual paddle board and a matching lifejacket. Each picture with a paddle board appeared much like an ocean beach surf board in various colors and pattern designs consisting of yellow ducks; blue diamonds, pink circles; black growling bears, gray flying eagles, red skull and bones, white floating ghosts, and other fun or scary patterns.
Beck stopped with a smile and stared at the line of board. “This is a paddle board...”
“...in the swift moving river water. The water temperature is fifty degrees out there on top of the water surface.”
“Actually, the coastal water surface temperature is eighty degrees and the air temperature is over one hundred degrees today but I'll keep you cool, babe.”
She giggled. “And I’ll hold you to that honor, sir.”
He pointed at each board. “A paddle board is eleven feet and four inches in total height, but the boards come in smaller sizes for a smaller body.”
She nodded. “A stand-up ride on top of a flat paddleboard, I’ve hear of this fun water-play sport. Is it really safe …”
“…and stable and fun? Yes, a paddleboard is lightweight transport for zooming around a fresh water lake like a ocean shark. The board contains two fins, like a fish, that maneuvers around the water pond and holds 220 pounds of weigh.”
She gasped in alarm. “Wait! I personally weigh one hundred and twenty pounds and you do not weigh less than one hundred pounds. That means, the both of us will go over the 220-pound weight limit on top of the single paddleboard.”
He leaned over and cuddled Risa while whispering into her eardrum, “Not with my awesome god magic, we don’t. That’s our little secret!”
She giggled, “Gotcha!”
“The fresh water here is smooth like a piece of glass, but swift. You won’t have trouble balancing on top of the paddle board. Our race path is around the six miles of sandbar and woodlands grabbing the finish line first without an overhanging tree with a deadly dangling snake.”
She smiled. “Are you scared of a snake, sugar?”
“Snakes are scared of me, honey. Yum! Yum! Snake cakes,” he laughed with Risa.
“You …”
“You like snakes too. The size of a paddle board is based on the weight and experience of the paddler. I’m very experience. The more experienced paddlers handle a lighter, narrower paddleboards for a faster racing time. The slower novice paddler uses a wider, flatter paddle board, such like Lara Lee, which has more stability, so she doesn’t get her human makeup wet,” he chuckled with amusement.
Lara Lee appeared and stood beside Beck with a lady sneer, reaching over, snatching two glossy pages from the tree limb, tossing the two item in the air, and slapped the two sheets at the same time. A blue tinted paddle board with a pattern of yellow baby ducklings appeared in her hand and stood beside her cheekbone and her rib cage. A matching lifejacket encircled her naked throat, She growling at Risa. “Get her face wet!” Then Lara Lee laughed out loud.
“Get her!” He leaned over and cuddled Risa, smiling to Lara Lee. “And I must say thank you, Lara Lee. None of this would have ever happily happened, for me, if not for you, my ugly girl,” he kissed Risa and then pulled back with a smile, pointing to the wall of paddle boards. “A stand-up paddle board has an angle or an elbow in the aft fin for maximum riding pleasure on top of the still, calms waters. You chose a paddle board that is eight inches taller than you physical height. I know. We will chose the paddle board with the pattern of gray flying eagles that leads to our victory as the first team to cross the finish line."
“Are we allowed to practice on top of the paddle board? I have never performed paddle boarding activity.” She pointed at the lifejacket on Lara Lee. “Do I need a cute personal floatation device, too?”
Beck chuckled. “Lara Lee wears it as a baby bib to catch her dangling mouth drool.”
Lara Lee frowned. “Your father and the US Coast Guard classifies a stand-up paddle board as a sailing vessels, so you must wear a personal floatation devise when paddling in navigable waters ...”
“... for Lara Lee only.”
Risa hugged Beck and winked at Lara Lee. Risa didn't know the social relationship between the two supernatural individuals, but it was not good. She smiled. “I’ll hold onto your fit waist, honey.” Lara Lee hissed and spun around, moving away from Risa and Beck, padding back down the trail of wet leaves in-between the grove of trees to the start line.
Beck chuckled and reached out grabbing up a single colorful page off the tree limb. “Actually, I will be hugging your waistline and other heated girly body parts, since I am the heavier body on top of the single paddle board and will stand in the rear to balance the board,” he released the page and then slapped the item with both naked hands. A paddle board appeared in-between his palms. He shoved the board into his rib cage and extended his free hand to Risa.
They spun around and slowly moved ahead down the flat pathway of wet leaves, strolling towards the southern portion on Stack Island.
Risa surveyed the muddy river water that churned in loudness down the river bank. “I'm not a goddess. My body can be exposed to hypothermia in the cold water. Shouldn’t I wearing a scrub diving wetsuit for this water race?”
He cuddled her and whispered into her cheekbone. "Don't worry! I'll keep you hot and heated.”
“Warm!” She giggled.
“And cool too!” He winked.
They continued ahead and softly whispered sweet words to each other, emerging from the cool forestland and strolled ahead over the shallow waters and heated sands in the bright sunlight without a cloud in the sky towards a huddle with the other gods and goddesses.
Risa squirted her two eyeballs at the sunlight that glittered over the muddy river, blinking  her eyeballs, looking down at her naked skin. “Should I wear some sunscreen on my skin coming from the bright sun?”
He pulled an item from his shirt pocket and handed to Risa, “You should wear a pair of sunglasses.” She placed a pair of cheap black-tinted sunglass frames over her two eyeballs. Beck smiled. “You look hot.”
She nodded. “I feel cool now.”
“That’s me making you both smooth and cool,” he leaned over and lightly peeked her cheekbone, when his brother Perry collided in-between his brother and the human girl Risa, parting them and the strolled between them, wearing a smile, slapping the edge of his board into the leg on Risa. He toted a white tinted paddle board with black tinted outline of numerous ghosts.
Risa giggled with amusement. "Hello, Perry!"
Perry stared at his other god brothers. "Hey, Risa!"
She smiled. "I am not familiar with the sport of paddle boarding. Where did the sport come from?"
Beck moved with his brother and Risa and smiled at the other gods and goddesses. “Paddle surfing is ancient sport which had been created by Captain James Cook, who lived in the Sandwich Islands in the year 1778. He and the natives from the Karakokooa in Owyhee territory had ridden the large waves inside the ocean lagoon. Olo is the Hawaii name for a paddle board transport. There is an ancient picture  drawn by artist John Webber in the year 1781 showing a paddle surfer of a boy on top of the calm flat lake waters.”
Perry laughed out loud and slapped his wet tee shirt. “That was me!”
Cox dashed ahead and overheard the conversation colliding into the back spine on his brother, shoving both of them towards the end of the sandbar while chuckling with amusement. “No, dude! That was me!” He toted a paddle board with patterns of red skulls and bones. They both raced ahead while bumping into each other, trying to shove one into the river waters without success.
Beck scooted over and cuddled with Risa. She frowned at the back spine on Perry and whispered back to Beck. “Are your two biological brothers that much older than you and me?”
He nodded. “My god family is that much more ancient than you and me.” Beck stopped and stood behind a line of other gods and goddesses.
Each competitive supernatural racer was deciding the best position within the start line on top of the swift churning, muddy river waters. Then, each one slowly placed the paddle board on top of the water and leaped from the sands, landing down on the board, paddling ahead towards the starting line. A semi-crooked horizontal line formed from the edge of the sands as Mr. Actworth stood with his wife. They both directed the starting position for each god or goddess.
A young goddess with dark hair and dark skin sat upright on her two kneecaps claiming a pale blue paddle board with numerous pink tinted circles over the smooth material, slowly using her paddle, steering on one side behind a forming line of other gods and goddesses. She stopped and posed her personal paddleboard on top of the rushing water with her goddess powers, without accidentally flowing backwards with the rushing current from the might Mississippi river down towards the human city of Vicksburg.
 A young god straddled a black tinted paddle board with a blue diamond pattern slapping his paddle to the right side and then to the left side while slowly moving ahead towards the start line, stopping at the end with the young goddess. They started pointing fingers and paddles at each other while laughing and yelling for fun.
On the starting line, some of the paddle boards laid flat on top of the churning muddy colored river water and held on rider, who fought with their supernatural powers against the stronger water current. The other paddle boards were reared up high and posed in a vertical pose hiding the face and the single body while maintaining a stationary position against the rushing river water.
The starting line contained mostly younger gods and goddesses that started at the edge of the yellow tinted sandbar, sliding over towards the Mississippi shoreline, which was 200 feet from the coastline.
Beck and Risa stopped at the edge on the sandbar and stared at the long line of bobbing competitive racers. He dropped the paddle board down into the river water nosily splashing streams of uprising muddy water over both of their bodies as the transport started to glide backwards. Beck stomped his sneaker on top of the paddle board steadying the transport for Risa.
She frowned. "Ugh! You are still wearing your sneakers. This is a water sport with water. Shouldn't we remove our shoes?"
He laughed. "No! My parents enjoy the art of competition also. They are not only the judges but they like to interfere with the race while testing the talents of each god and goddesses."
She gasped. "Is this really a test of skills? I should not participate in the water race. I am not a goddess, Beck."
"It is their way, but I have my own way," he laughed out loud and handed her the paddle, gently shoving her first onto the paddle board. "You go ahead and walk over the board first and then stop about two feet ahead and continue to hold the paddle for me. I'm holding the board steady with my god powers. The transport will not shake, rattle or roll with you on top."
"Okay!" Risa stepped her first aqua-colored sneaker which was covered in wet leaves and sand grains onto the flat board first, feeling a sturdy surface, like her non-moving kitchen floor, slowly walking over the board with the paddle in both hands and then halted two feet from Beck.
He slowly moved over the board while holding the transport in place with his god powers, stopping and cuddled Risa behind her back spine, whispering into her eardrum. "We are on top of the board. Step one is completed. My legs are apart and my two sneakers are kissing the board on each gray tinted flying eagle. That's a good sign! Now, you lean your body backwards into my chest cavity, my hips and separate your sneakers inside my parted lips as I balance both of our bodies upright on the lower end of the paddle board."
She leaned backwards and screamed with fright laughing out loud with fun. Beck wrapped both of his arms around her two breasts while sweet breathing down into her naked neck muscles. She giggled with lust while getting heated from her jumbled teenly emotions coming from his touch on her numerous body parts.
Beck continued to cuddle Risa for fun and wiggled his finger silently gliding the paddle board over the rough churning river water behind the long line of racers and stopped, posing at the very end of the line. The paddle board nosily splashed up and down against the rough current sounding like a slap onto the face. 
Risa turned and studied the long line of racers. "I don't think we have a chance of winning the water race. Who usually wins your sporting events?"
Beck swept his hand across her collar bone and then down in-between her breasts accessing the handle on the paddle which intersected with his other hand, displaying a human cross of arms over Risa.
She softly giggled "I think we appear like a two-head monster with an upright body of four legs."
He wiggled his hands and tickled her body parts with a smile. “I like.”
She smiled and held onto his forearms as Risa felt unsecured on top of a wobbling board without a handle bar or a long rail. She giggled with lust. “I like, too."
He leaned down and whispered into her eardrum. “Hang on, darling! I have a brilliant plan for winning the water race. I'm going to still keep the paddle board in the water but lift the front portion while tilting the board upwards in a vertical position for our fight …”
“Our race …”
“Our flying victory to the finish line,” he softly chuckled into her same eardrum.
On the edge of the sandbar in the shallow river water, Mr. Actworth stood beside his wife and cupped both of his hands, yelling out loud the commands, like a human father. “Here ye gods and goddesses! The human rules are followed here today. Each racer must use their paddle with or without their god or goddess powers, but each paddle end must touch or skim the river water at all times. And each paddle board must touch or skim the rough river water surface on the edge, in the center, or in the front of personal your paddle board, at all times. Lastly, each body must touch the paddle board material anywhere, at all times. Else, you will become disqualified and get to sit down here on top of the soft sands in the bright sunlight with me and Mrs. Actworth. She and I are the only honest judges here. There is not a half-way mark for measurement or a single rest stop for relaxation or a paper cup with colored liquid for your dry throat. You start here and complete the oval-shaped length of Stack Island and then come back here that holds a red tinted finish line. Good luck and great speed! Three! Two! One! Zero! Go!”
The starting line of single races quickly steered ahead using both the paddle and their individual supernatural powers while performing a rebel yell for fun.
At the end of the long line, Beck cuddled with Risa keeping the bottom on the board flat on top of the river water and slowly swept the paddle back and forth, steering the transport through the rough churning waters in the opposite direction of the southerly current. Risa felt his two biceps harden and then relax against her numerous body part while softly giggling with a smile. “You’re cool, Beck!”
“You’re hot, Risa!” He whispered into her cheekbone and slowly steered ahead.
"O no! The others are ahead of us."
Along the visual edge on Stack Island, the southern end contained only soft sand grains, without a single tree or a single bird, that comprised half of the sandbar or 15,840 feet. Six miles of distance was 31,680 feet. The line of racers had broken into small and large scattered groups with Perry and Cox battling for the lead to cross the finish line first and win the water race.
At one-third of the math distance, at 10,560 feet along the side of the sandbar, a gigantic whirlpool formed which gathered up the vertical formation of muddy waters and then swirled them down into the deep pool like flushing a human toilet.
The leaders, Cox and Perry both screamed in panic and then were sucked down into the whirlpool. The other racers quickly steered their paddle trying to escape from the whirlpool by paddling around the monster water hazard.
On top of the paddle board, Risa screamed in panic and pointed at the whirlpool. "Look at that! Where did that come from? That...that is impossible. A whirlpool forms in the ocean waters, not here on the Mississippi River."
Beck laughed out loud with a nod at the pretty sight. "You are witnessing the creative genius and magical goddess workmanship coming from my mother. I told you my parents like to test our god and goddess skills." He smoothly paddled ahead without breaking his stride.
The rest of the racers could not steer fast enough with their paddle or their supernatural powers escaping from their final destination as the swift rotating water streams produced by the opposing currents eventually sucked down each racer deeper into the whirlpool goddess creation.
Risa gasped in shock and jabbed a finger at each racer. "Each one is getting sucked down into that massive whirlpool. Each racers is going to die. We gotta help them."
He continued to smile at the silly goddess obstacle. "This is part of the test for each god and goddess. I am a teen god. They are a young adult or teen god or a goddess with a set of magical powers and a set of healthy lungs that can hold their stinky breath for hours. Don't sweat anthills, Risa!" He continued to paddle ahead with her and a smile, when the opposing water current reached out and latched onto his paddle board, sliding the transport sideways with his god powers keeping their two bodies upright and stable on top of the hard surface.
She screamed in terror and grabbed both of his forearms, cutting her sharp finger nails into his tender skin.
Beck continued to laugh and stroked the paddle, gliding the board over each rotating water stream, slowly dropping down into the whirlpool monster while they continued to stand upright and ride on top of the wet paddle board coming from his god powers. The rotating water streams winded in a circular motion and dropped the paddle board deeper down into the pit of the whirlpool.
In-between the water streams, numerous racers were swimming, not drowning as each one had lost their paddle board and were disqualified from the water race. One by one, each wet racer disappeared from the whirlpool and then landed down on top of the heated sands sitting beside Mr. and Mrs. Actworth in terrible disappointment while watching the rest of the water race in silence.
Inside the whirlpool, the other individual racers smoothly followed each rotating water stream like a roadway and glided their individual paddle board upwards and landed on top of the whirlpool using their individual supernatural powers, gliding away from the whirlpool while continuing the water race towards the tip of the island.
Beck still cuddled with Risa and quickly followed the remaining racers, rapidly rotating the board upwards from the deep pit on the whirlpool monster, circling the last current, gliding the paddle board into the calmer river waters. He swiftly paddled with his god powers and caught up with the other races.
At the math distance of 21,120, which was two-thirds at the length on the side view of Stack Island, a nasty black tinted thunderstorm appeared in the skyline and blocked the beams of happy sunshine and miles of pale blue sky, forming directly over the scattered individual racers on top of the muddy river water. The vicious storm roared with thunder booms and danced individual lightning bolts across an angry sky. Sometimes, a single lightning bolt tapped the water and missed a racer. Then, sometimes, the bolt touched the racer, who became disqualified with a body of burning clothes. About two-thirds of the racers had failed to compete the race and were sitting or standing around Mr. and Mrs. Actworth on top of the sandbar while watching the rest of the water race. All of Beck's brothers and Beck were still in the race.
Beck lifted up the front part of the paddle board and then swiftly paddled side to side avoiding each lighting strike on his and her body, slowly fighting the natural current from the Mississippi River.
If the nasty thunderstorm was not enough, then a strong wind slammed into each racer coming down from the north. Some of the racers fell off their paddle board and then became disqualified, landing down on the sandbar and watched the race.
The other racers continued to paddle and fought back with their supernatural powers, enduring a wall of muddy river water that hit their face and body.
Beck quickly formed a god shield with his magic around both of them, before Risa was hit with the cold water first while gritting his teeth, slowly paddling through the strong winds, the walls of ten foot water, avoiding each lightning bolts. Risa continued to cut her nails into his tender skin and closed her eyelashes from the scary thunderstorm, gritting her teeth to keep from yelling in fear and panic.
As soon as the storm had formed, it had disappeared from the skyline, displaying heated beams of bright sunshine on each wet face. The pack of racers had diminished by three-fourths from the original racing gods and goddesses. Beck and his brothers still raced through the churning river waters.
The scattered racers had reached the six-mile length on Stack Island and then each one swiftly turned to the western direction, easily gliding around the tip, when a gigantic tidal wave of muddy river wall appeared fifty feet in the air waves, rolling over a few of existing racers. Each punched racer flew off their paddle board, flying through the water particles and then landed down inside the forestland, tumbling over the trees and the sandy soil. Each one was quickly disqualified and then appeared near Mr. and Mrs. Actworth while loudly cursing at the two deceptive judges.
Beck continued to paddle the board and smoothly glided around the tip end on Stack Island hitting a chain of smooth stones that were hidden down in the shallow muddy river water. He screamed out with Risa in shock. The paddle board violently bounced up and down over each hard stone while jolting them sideways, forwards, and backwards. Beck continued to slap the paddle end down in-between the wet stones, without breaking the delicate wood, which would have disqualified him from the water race.
The other racers hit the same chain of smooth rock stones that ran across the edge of the island to a smaller portion that had broken off from Stack Island. Each racer broke their paddle into numerous wooden particles or fell down on top of the hidden stones, getting a wet body while becoming disqualified and then landed near Mr. and Mrs. Actworth while watching the rest of the water race.
All of Beck's brothers, but Cox and Perry had been eliminated from the water race.
Beck and Risa still remained following several feet behind Cox which displayed only three paddle board with four racers. 
The three individual paddle boats hit the opposite side of Stack Island which was six miles of smooth, shallow ankle-deep river water and then almost halted from the quick impact into the sea floor.
Beck swiftly lifted up the front end on his paddle board keeping the rear fin in the water as Risa slammed backwards into his chin and his chest cavity. She screamed in fright and continued to hug his two forearms that was covered in splatters of his blood. He grunted in human pain and quickly paddled through the shallow water, chasing after his brother Cox.
Perry led the two other paddle boards and then slowed his paddle speed in the shallow ankle-deep water, looking down at the front of his transport. Numerous silver tinted tiny fish were jumping from the water and then landed down on top of his board while rocking the transport side to side. Each fish weighted 99 pounds. Each fish was covered in river slime, silt, and sediment deposits that trapped each large fish on the hard surface. His personal paddle board was becoming heavier in weigh from his body and the massive collection of large fish which taxed his set of sore muscles and his god powers. Then his paddle board was not moving but stalled, sinking down into the shallow water. Perry was transported off his paddle board and landed beside his parents, pouting with his defeat.
Cox continued to slowly wobble his paddle board with the paddle and his god powers dragging the transport over the ankle-deep shallow water with a heap pile of silver tinted fish on top the surface as each Asian carp was frightened and leaped out from the water, slapping his face, rear skull, and parts of his upright body.
Beck continued to carefully and swiftly paddle through the shallow waters with a set of gritted teeth. This water race with the set of silly human rules was testing his mighty god power too. He was trying to pass his brother Cox and cross the finish line first and won the fun water race.
Risa released the bloody arm on Beck and jabbed a finger at Perry. "What is Perry doing over there? He is losing the lead from us. Something is leaping into the air. Something is wrong. What is that?"
Beck continued to paddle and looked up, gasping in shock. "O no! Perry has frightened a school of Asian carp that live here in the shallow river waters. An Asian carp is an invasive fish species from the country of Asia and is not native to the Mississippi River waters or any river in the United States of America that likes to jump up from the fresh water, fly through the air, and land back down in the water. However, when the Asia crap fish flies through the air, he is also joined by all of his flying brother and sister crap fishes that also do not care what is above the air and slap into the human on the fishing boat and the god on the paddle board. Perry is in fishy trouble over there. A heap of crap fish have landed on top of his flattened paddle board transport and he can't move away from the edge to sweep them away from the front or hit them with the paddle or use his god powers to do both of these feats." He continued to wobble the paddle board and paddle through the water watching his brother Perry.
Perry's paddle board did not moving but stalled and finally sunk down into the shallow sea water. Mature god Perry was transported off his paddle board and landed beside his parents, pouting with his defeat.
Cox was in fish trouble also. The flying carp fish piled onto his board but he was able to slowly steer through the shallow water. However,  each carp weighed 99 pounds and glittered in silver hue while dancing through the air waves, slapping numerous body parts on an upright Cox. The long, heavy fish body contained scales, which were smashing into the male god. Cox possessed a black eye socket, a set of tiny cuts on his face and both arms, a broken hand, and dizziness from a brain concussion. He was using his god powers to stay awake, heal his aching body, steer the paddle board, and fend off the crap fish, without success.
He released one cupped hand from the paddle stick and slapped back each annoying crap fish which was working perfectly while gliding the paddle board transport with his god powers, keeping the paddle tip in the water as part of the rules of the water race. Then a wall of glittering silver tinted fish leaped up from the water and flew at Cox from the opposite side, dropping over his hair roots. Cox lifted the paddle from the water and started slapping each fish away from body. His body was teleported from the paddle board and landed beside his brother Perry while hissing at the stupid crap fish.
On top of the last paddle board from the original racers that stayed afloat through the muddy, ankle-deep shallow river water steering beside the long side of Stack Island, Beck continued to carefully paddle and slowly maneuvered through the water with worry.
Risa continued to lean into his chest and released both of his bloody arms starting to clap with joyous voice. "We're the only racing team left on the Mississippi River. Your two brothers had been transported from their individual paddle board. And their paddle boards are gone from the river water too. We won! We did it!"
He continued to paddle and steered closer to the levee that did not frightened the school of silver tinted, 99-pounds Asian crap fish, frowning at her statement. "No, Risa! We have not won."
She grinned with giggles and softly clapped with excitement. "Yes, we won the game. You are the only racer in the water race and on top of the river water. Everyone else is gone and standing on top of the sandbar with your parents."
He exhaled with frustration at Risa. "Yes, this is a game with a set of silly human rules. But, in every game of life, you must follow the rules to win the event. I still must paddle down the long side of Stack Island without losing my paddle board in a whirlpool or breaking my paddle on the hard stone rocks or falling off the board during a thunderstorm. This is about learning to conquer the problems in your life and rise above each nasty obstacle, winning the moment. Because, the next day of life, there might be a new problem with a new obstacle."
She exhaled with annoyance and then frowned at the river water. Beck sounded like her father and lectured like her mother. She nodded with a stern face. "Yes, you are correct. The game has rules and we must follow all of the rules. We are at the half-way mark in land distance beside Stack Island. Can you zoom-up your god powers and lift the front of our paddle board from the water and higher in the air, without breaking any of the rules? Then we can ride on the rear fin as you steer us faster through the shallow water."
He smiled, "Yes, that's an excellent idea, Risa! Yeah, I can do that. And yeah, I can zoom us ahead at seventy miles per hour. We have to converse 15840 feet in length before reaching the southern tip of the island with my parents, the older gods and goddesses, and all of the losers from the water race. At seventy miles per hour traveling over 15,840 feet, we will arrive there at 3.7714 seconds. Hang on, Risa! A second is a long time flying over the water." Beck kept the paddle tip in the shallow water and accessed more of his god talents, slowly lifting up the front of the board. Risa dropped backwards and slammed into his hard chest as Beck grunted with the minor pain and activated his god powers. The paddle board raced ahead at seventy miles per hour with the two occupies.
The hair strands on Risa blew into Beck's face as he smiled and laughed. He was sorta blinded by the wiggling hair strands and used his god powers gliding the board down the side of the levee on the Louisiana side of the river which displayed numerous groves of trees and flat crop lands of cotton and corn.
Risa dropped both of  her hands and held onto each arm on Beck, screaming in fun and a little fright of the exciting god water race. She was jealous that her classmate and her number one enemy Lara Lee, who was a true Greek goddess and possessed a set of real goddess powers. Then she gasped in alarm with the new truth of the supernatural female.
Lara Lee could perform a three-turn with her majorette baton during the football games, because she possessed a set of magical powers, where Risa did not. Well, this new, secret information would never be shared by Risa to the human world. First, no human would believe her, including her ex-friend Cinta. Two, Risa was going to blackmail goddess Lara Lee into handing over the majorette captain title to human Risa over the human majorette squad for the rest of the football games, since Risa was the true human that attended the true human high school and marched with the true human musicians.
Then Risa wondered how many of her high school classmates or church attendees or crop farmers were a true god or goddess. Well, Beck would address her question and provide her the answers. Risa would ask him. Beck seemed to follow all the rules and did not lie, like some of her other high school friends that lived in her hometown of Apollo.
Risa screamed in fright. "Alligators! There is a line of ugly brown tinted alligators from shoreline to shoreline resting in the shallow water and sunning the bright rays of light. O no! We can't run over them without getting out of the water. What are we going to do, Beck?"
The paddle board had quickly traveled 2.02 seconds of time and then stopped at the math distance along the shoreline at 8,403 feet from the southern tip, which was the water race finish line.
Beck reduced the speed on the board down to pacing speed and lowered the front of the board flat down into the water without splashing Risa, studying the line row of resting alligators that were alive and waiting for the lunch meal. "Well, chalk up another goddess creation from my mother. Alligators do not reside here in the Mississippi River."
She frowned with worry at the aquatic mammals. "Are the alligators real?"
"Real and really dangerous for a human girl too. I am not a magician; I am a thief. Do you remember my lecture, Risa?"
She nodded with more worry and studied the mammals. "Yes, I do. Yes, I do not like this situation. What are we going to do? Do we concede? Did we lose the race?" Risa turned and viewed the southern tip that was comprised of yellow tinted sands and shallow water. Numerous gods and goddesses were standing and cheering for Beck to finish and win the fun water race. However, some of the gods, like his brothers, and goddesses, like Lara Lee, were standing and booing at Beck with rudeness.
On top of the shallow water, Beck continued to carefully steer the paddle board with the paddle tip in the water, slowly gliding the transport with his god powers, thinking of a solution of the current problem with his brain cells. He turned and stared at the crowd of gods and goddesses, seeing and hearing with his pair of god eardrums all the different nice and naughty personalities but he had grown up with the same group of gods and goddesses. He returned back and smiled with a solution to the simple problem, steering the paddle board towards the center of the river water.
Risa felt the shift in the transport and screamed out loud in fear. "What are you doing, Beck? What is happening to the paddle board, Beck? Are we drowning in the shallow water with the row of hungry alligators, Beck? Why are we moving closer to the middle of the shallow water, Beck? The center is filled with those heavy, flying crap fishies. Do you not remember, Beck? She screamed in panic and wiggled in fear, sending her fingernails into his tender flesh on each one of his arms.
He ignored the minor pain on his two arms and her loud screams into his two eardrums, placing a god shield for protection around both of them, quickly steering the board into the center of the ankle-deep water channel using the paddle tip and his god powers. The school of sleeping Asian crap fish startled into fright and started to jump up from the water, flying through the air, slamming into the god shield and rattled the invisible dome, dropping back down into the water.
The commotion caused a lovely sight of food and loud sounds of water splashes for each sleepy alligator that swiftly turned from the line and rapidly glided through the shallow water, advancing towards the pacing board paddle that was surrounded with an array of glittering flying fish in the air.
Beck used his god powers and quickly maneuvered the paddle board side to side, then sometimes backwards from a swimming alligator as each flying fish hit and then rattled the god shield in the air and then dropped back down in the water or into the open mouth on an alligator. Risa screamed in fright and did not understand the god shield protection around her body.
Each alligator moved from the line and chased after its lunch meal, clearing the race pathway over the river water.
Beck used his god powers and swiftly raced ahead through the thrusting water sprays and around each eating alligator with the paddle tip in the shallow water, leaving the Louisiana shoreline and glide around the side on Stack Island. The crowd of gods and goddesses were clapping and cheering for Beck, except for his brothers and Lara Lee.
At 12:12 pm, in the blistering weather and bright sunlight, teen god Beck quickly sailed around the island tip and steered the front of the paddle board into the sands, landing on top of the sandbar, releasing the god shield over both of them and felt the light breeze and rays of heated sunlight on his face and body.
Risa stopped screaming and wiped her face from the fear tears, exhaling with relief from the frightful moment in her short seventeen years of life without bouncing with victory.
Beck gently shoved Risa from his body and started to heal his bloody arms with his god powers, cuddling Risa into his rib cage, leaning over and lightly kissed her cheekbone. She was not in a happy mood from the rough water race.
They moved off the stranded paddle board in the sands and accepted all of the nice vocal comments and some violent back slips from each god, standing in the center of the group.
Mr. and Mrs. Actworth stood in front of Beck and Risa. He nodded with a smile and tossed both of his arms in the air, shouting out loud. "Beck and Risa are the winning racing team from the water race. We are all gods and goddesses here and we have the ability to perform on group supernatural event, each one cares to participate that is your decision alone. Now, what new supernatural event do you want the group to do for you or for your friend?"
Beck nodded with a smile and continued to cuddle Risa. She was stunned with the words and did not response but watched the upcoming action. He lifted his arm to the sky and nodded to his father. "I want all of the gods and goddesses, if one cares to participate, to provide a light rain shower over a geographical area of five miles, watering the plants and trees, replenishing the creek steams, relieving the blistering heat for thirty minutes for all the people, pets, and property."
Risa gasped in shock and then smiled with the nice gift from Beck and the other gods and goddesses.
"What a lame gift!" One goddess shouted out loud.
"What a lovely idea!" One god yelled out loud.
Mrs. Actworth spun around and sneered at the set of rude gods and goddesses. "This is our god and goddess way. After a competitive god and goddess event, we allow the winner a gift of merry or malice. Does every god and goddess remember? Good! I thought so, too. Now, I do not care, if you agree or not. Beck is the winner of the current god and goddess event. He has chosen his gift of merry for the humans that live here. Now, you do not have to participate, so stay out of our god and goddess way while we complete the gift of merry. On the count of three, we work together and produce a light rain shower for thirty minutes for five miles of land property. One! Two! Three!"
A set of rolling gray tinted storm clouds appeared and covered the bright sky with dull light, without the single roar of thunder or a strike of pretty but dangerous lightning bolt, dropping down a light rain shower over each hair roots on each god and goddess.
Risa gasped in shock at the god-created rain storm and stared at the nice rain storm in silence.
On top of the sandbar, Mr. Actworth yelled out loud and then pointed with a smile at his mischievous son. "Perry, do not rain on us but the crop land across the way!" He laughed with the others.
Perry laughed out loud and wiped the raindrops from his face, wiggling his hand at the rain shower. His tiny rain shower swiftly moved through the air away from the wet gods and goddesses and halted over the first crop field. The crowd contained to laugh with the silly move.
On top of the slightly wet sands, Beck cuddled with Risa and wiped off the raindrops from his face, slowly gliding her away from the shoreline, softly whispering into her cheekbone.
Lara Lee wiped the raindrops from her face and slowly spun around, spying on Beck.
A few minutes later, Beck and Risa entered the forestland seeing some of the wildlife dash away, stopping at their selected spot. He helped Risa sat down on the wet leaves in front of the cottonwood tree, pulling magazines from the picnic basket. They slowly ate their lunch meal and chatted about life, high school, and other topics, enjoying the early afternoon.
The water moccasin swiftly dropped down from the tree limb and landed on her leg. Risa reached out and grabbed behind the head on the hissing snake, missing the coiled slimy body completely. The snake swiftly soared through the air with its fangs and grabbed, biting down into the side of her hand.
Beck reached out and touched the middle on the snake's body. The fangs on the snake released her hand. He curled the snake around his hand and turned its head, staring into its two eyeballs, whispering to the reptile, gently dropping the snake down on the wet leaves. The snake slithered over the ground and moved back into the muddy river water for its lunch meal also.
Beck reached over and grabbed her arm, pulling Risa towards him. Risa shouted out loud and cuddled her bloody hand in fear and worry. “Mercy! I need to go to the local hospital right now.”
“I can heal you.”
“No! A water moccasin snake breed is very poisonous for a human girl, like me. I can die of death of shock and its venom. I need a human medical physician right here and right now, Beck. I can dash across the shallow water and race to the local hospital emergency department for swifter treatment,” She started to stand from the wet leaves and sobbed in pain and fear.
“Sh!” He closed his two eyelids and then squeezed her injured bleeding hand. Risa felt the pain from the physical touch and then the sting coming from the painful toxin floating around her blood veins. Then her hand erupted with draining white fluid from the twin fang puncture marks, dripping over his cupped hand, down over the wet leaves, on her naked arm. He opened his two eyelids and stared down at the bloody hand wound, slowly standing upright from the wet leaves, assisting Risa to stand. He led her towards the river water and squatted down, dunking her bloody hand into the water, cleaning the wound. He smiled. “I drew out the snake venom, not your human blood. The snake venom had started to attack your internal organ tissues. But you are find and healthy now.”
Her hand wound throbbed in pain. A slurping sound continued to drain the snake venom from the open wounds. She exhaled with worry and cringed in pain. “I feel pain. I feel grateful. You saved me. My hand still hurts.”
He nodded. “I'm sorry. I’m not a medical physician with a medicine cabinet. This is my limited trick for an emergency situation using my god-kind first aid.”
“O! That was a good god trick.” She frowned down at her hand.
He reached down and rubbed the dirt soil over the wound using some of his healing powers on her wound. “Yeah, that is one of my seventh son god tricks,” he released her hand and reached out, grabbing the item, opening his palm. A wiggling brown earthworm slithered around his open palm. Then he closed up all of his fingers. “I have the ability to pull the moisture from a living organism, like this harmless earthworm.”
She cuddled her wet hand that was felt better from his god healing touch, “How can you pull out the moisture from a living organism? I do not understand.”
Beck opened his palm and showed the worm. "The poor earthworm is all swiveled up and prunie, like a tiny brown skeleton. I pulled out all of its moisture. All of its juices are gone!”
She gasped in shock and looked up with a stern face. "What are you, Beck?"
He looked up and winked at Risa. "Yours!"
They spent the day swimming in the river water, walking through the island, avoiding Lara Lee and the other gods and goddesses, until midnight.

Sunday, September 22nd


12:02 am
Bright moonlight and heated air temperatures
Slight wind breeze with high humidity


As a god or a goddess, the current weather elements did not the body but something more  heated annoyed the mind.
The crowd of gods and goddess stood yet again on the edge of the southern shoreline in the darkness with the bright beams of moonlight, the sound of rushing river water, the slaps of flying fish, and the growls from some of the hunting wild animals, not for another water race, but for a nightly lecture.
Mr. and Mrs. Actworth stood in front of the bonfire that was not seen by the humans on top of the soft sands facing the crowd.
Mrs. Actworth pointed at the crowd. “Time for bed! Get into position for sleepy time. Each married couple will sleep behind my rear skull. Each single, young single female will sleep on my right. Each single, young male will lay on the left side of Mr. Actworth. We will place a god and goddess shield around the entire group of individuals, so do not worry about a flying Asian carp fish in the air or a dropping pile of bird dookie from the sky or a single falling tree leaf in the air or scurrying wild animal prints on your face. And Mr. Actworth and I will sleep in the middle of the group of single females and males in front of the fiery bonfire glowing brightly with one eyeball open.” She laughed with the others.
Risa cuddled with Beck and then frowned with disappointment with the new information coming from Mrs. Actworth, after having a fun adventurous day with the teen god. Her hand had not completed healed. Beck explained that she was a human with human properties and his god healing talents only treated another god or goddess, not a human. But her hand was not infected and her body was not poisoned from the naughty snake that Beck disciplined and then sent on its way back into the river waters.
 Beck leaned over to kiss Risa, when a dark tinted hand with five yellow tinted fingernails grabbed the hand on the human girl, dragging Risa's pursed lips from Beck. Risa opened her two eyelashes and smiled at Beck while shouting at Lara Lee, "Hey!"
"Yuck!" Lara Lee released Risa and then stopped, standing on the soft sands, wearing a long white tinted tee shirt, viewing her wet hand. “What happened to your sweaty hand?”
Risa cradled her limb and moved ahead, searching for a spot on the beach, holding her sleeping bag over her arm. “I got cut on one of the fruit bush while eating some of the fresh fruit. I forget the bushes house a set of nasty with pointy thorns, after my hand had attacked the juicy berries.”
She pulled up beside Risa and turned to see the nose profile on Risa. “Hmm! Your human hand is swollen, red, busting with white thick puss. Ya know you should leave and go back home to Apollo and see a human medical physician, Risa. Or ya know you might catch a nasty infection and then die out here on top of the sands all alone and lonely.”
Risa stopped and stood at an empty spot over the sands, dropping down her sleeping bag over the soil, looking up with a fake smile. She could see a black tinted ring around the head and the upright body on Lara Lee and said. “Ya know I think I’m going to be okay. My hand bleed out my blood from the nasty punch wound. That’s a good sign of a non-nasty infection which could kill you dead," she sat down on top of the sleeping bag and giggled with amusement.
She dropped down her sleeping bag with yellow tinted duckling-pattern and frowned down at the blonde colored hair roots on Risa, “Your hair roots are not dark tone anymore. I do believe that you have accidentally bleed out all of your human blood from your human head. That's not a good sign!”
Risa gasped in shock and touched her wet, dirty hair strands with one hand. “When you bleed out your own blood, you expel all the toxic poisons from your biological body making you live the next day and then the next day and then the next day...”
“You sliced your hand on that thorny bush. Bush leaves are poisonous for a human.”
Risa frowned. “A bush with berries is not poisonous, Lara Lee. Are you really a crop farmer from Apollo?” She laughed.
She leaned over and smiled at Risa. “I am a goddess, not a farmer. I know that you don’t like the forest wilderness with wild animals or the beach sandy environment with flying fishes, either. You should go back home to Apollo.”
“Ya know,” Risa leaned over and blew sour breath into the nose bridge on Lara Lee. “I should stay here, since I do like the fun time with Beck, who protects me from the wild animals and the flying fishes,” she laughed.
She gasped in shock. “Ya know I can toss your butthole back through the Wall of Time and send you back home to Apollo.”
Risa sat back and frowned at Lara Lee. “Why don’t you ride inside a wheelchair? You’re a goddess too.”
She gasped in shock and looked back over her collar bone, seeing the males, who continued to wrestle with each other and then she returned back and nodded to Risa. “I am a goddess. I do not fake my goddess statue and flaunt a body disability, that I do not lack. That action is both rude and improper for any god or goddess. And I like blending in with you, humans. I love the human race. Humans are fun and games, all the time,” Lara Lee winked at Risa.
Risa gasped in shock and looked up, viewing the bright moonlight, returning back with a smile seeing Lara Lee. “You spend more time with Garth and his friends. Why do they do it?"
“Garth!” she smirked. “He is fun and funny, handsome, honest, witty. Anyways, Mr. Actworth runs his own god-kind family. His thing. His rule. His reign. He is an old leader, who doesn’t want any change of his ways or his eye makeup …”
“Eye makeup! No one wears kohl cream anymore,” Risa giggled with her lame joke.
“Cold cream!”
“Kohl cream! Ya know, the black liner that each Egyptian had used around their twin eye sockets from the blistering bright sunlight from the solar sun, back then,” Risa softly chuckled.
She frowned and then smirked. “O yeah and you smell like opossum pookie, girl best!” Lara Lee spun around and laid down on the opposite side of Risa, softly chuckling at her human enemy and then softly hissed with jealousy at Risa, who had stolen Beck from Lara Lee.
Risa exhaled with angry and turned to the opposite side, dropping down on top of her sleeping bag, staring at the empty sands that glowed from the moonlight beams in silence. Lara Lee was jealous of Risa and her natural farmer's possum pookie odor from the earth soil. Her eyeballs were not sleepy and never was her mind, pulling her hands underneath her eardrum. The moonlight rays glided over the loud, churning waters without affecting the flow of the Mississippi River that casted a pinkish tone from the combination of the yellow moonlight and muddy red water.
She closed her two eyelashes while listening to the loud roar of the river waters, a few feet from  her nose bridge, hearing the faint wildlife sounds from the group of nightly hunters inside the secret forestlands. The other gods and goddesses had settled down into an individual sleeping bag from an active fun day exploring the Mississippi River and Stack Island ceasing the silly laughter among the quiet nighttime hours.



Eight hours later...

Stack Island location
Sandy soil setting
Warm morning with bright heated sunlight
08:08 am


On top of the soft sands, in the bright sunlight, Risa rolled over to  her opposite side and then felt heat, opening her two eyelashes, seeing Beck.
Beck squatted down the sands with a smile and leaned over Risa. “Good morning, Risa!” He reached down and touched her arm, helping Risa to stand beside his rib cage. 
She watched the nosily commotion as each god and goddess wore a new fresh outfit and gathered up their personal gear preparing to leave Stack Island within the bright sunlight rays.
He leaned over and whispered into her wet cheekbone. “It is time for us to fled the island and go to another place. Would you like to see my personal secret spot?” He handed her the colorful ripped page from a glossy girly fashion magazine. She knew the dress routine and touched five separate items with five fingers that were split on each hand while griping the single paper with her dirty, wet finger pads.
A human hand only contains four fingers and one thumb.
Beck reached out and tapped the top of her two hands at the same time.
Her dirty, stinky aqua colored outfit disappeared from the body and as Risa appeared in pair of walking shorts in horizontal white and red strips, a red tinted tee shirt, and a pair of red tinted flip-flops along with a set of two new undergarments. The magazine page vanished from her finger pads. She giggled from the tickling sensation and felt sorta refreshed without a personal shower. Risa turned and smiled at Beck, pointing down at the wrinkled, dirty sleeping bag, “I …”
“My mother will clean up our camping mess. She will take all of our personal human items back home cleaning and storing the items for the next river campout.” He winked with a grin. “That’s what a mother is for!” he chuckled with amusement and slowly padded ahead towards the stationary mist of swirling clouds, entering into the Wall of Time. 
At 08:10:43 am, Beck and Risa disappeared from Stack Island.


City of Apollo within the US State of Alabama
Home of Beck Actworth
Wall of Time room setting
08:10:44 am


The wall mirror did not shake but held the pretty mist of gray tinted swirling clouds. A wet aqua-tinted sneaker stepped down first on top of the clean black tinted bamboo wooden floor.
Beck and Risa quickly appeared as one body and continued to stomp over the floor, moving towards the open archway inside the mirrored room, turning to smile at her wet, dirty cheekbone. “We should take a different transport today for our new morning adventure. Is that alright with you, darling?” He leaned over and waved his free hand, cleaning her dirty body with his god magic.
She continued to scan the unique room and giggled from her tickling body, where Beck used his god talents to clean her staunch and wet hair strand. “I thought the mist of swirling clouds was your only teleportation device for a god or a goddess. What is the other transport?” 
They exited the room and turned into the hallway, strolling towards the opposite end of the foyer in the nicely cool air conditioned house.
He nodded. "The mirror cloud is the only transportation devise for each god-kind and goddess-kind. However, the mirror cloud is also similar to a recording devise on a mobile telephone or your laptop computer or a government spy equipment. A god or goddess can become tracked or traced or tagged back to a prior visitation spot, since a god or a goddess cannot leap forward in the space and time continuum into a future unknown event or a past known human event. Planet Earth does not belong to a god or a goddess or a human or an animal or an alien. The Earth belongs to the Prime Creator and the Prime Creator rules over the soil, the seas, the sky, and all of his subjects whether the subject likes it or not.”
She frowned. “But a god or a goddess cannot go backwards into the past event either.”
He smiled. “You're a good studious student, darling! A god or goddess cannot go backwards and visit the Mississippi River event from last night. But their individual god or goddess pathway can be traced or tracked or trailed backwards to that past destination by curiosity god or goddess, who can go and visit the physical place with a malice or nice cause.”
She gasped in shock, “You’re scaring me, right here and right now, Beck. Aren't all gods and goddess friendly and friends with each other?”
He chuckled and immediately thought of goddess Lara Lee, without speaking her name. "Are all humans friendly and friends?” Beck entered through the open kitchen archway and moved through the large rectangular space with two walls of waist-high white tinted wooden kitchen counters, rows of matching waist-high wooden cabinets without a single regular-height eating furniture pieces for an average standing person. 
Risa rudely halted in the center of the room and pointed at the higher chest-level bar counter without a single bar stool. “O! The bar stool is taller than …”
“O! Were you spying on me?” He moved ahead and laughed out loud, standing at the sliding doors, opening the glass for departure from the house.
She returned back and gasped in shock, moving ahead, shaking her curls. “No!”
He smiled at Risa. “We like to maintain a god-illusion for our god and goddess protection, mostly from a pretty spying teenage farm girl, who sits on heated rooftop on her pickup truck," he chuckled.
She exited the house with a stern face from her spying action and strolled across the smooth concrete patio floor that did not contain a single piece of patio furniture, only a portal basketball hoop in dull right hue in the wall corner. She squirted her two eyelashes at the blistering heat and bright sunlight.
Beck exited the house with a smile and closed the sliding glass doors, pulling up beside to Risa, cuddling her into his rib cage.
She smiled with a nod. "I understand you and your secret god and goddess but no other sane or insane human would understand you or ever accept your godly presence here in the town of Apollo, in the State of Alabama, in the United States of America, and within the entire freaking world, Beck. You are a god. I am a human. What else is living here that I do not know about a human?” Risa tossed both of her arms in the air and the dropped them down slapping her legs, exhaling with annoyance, frustration, and a little fear of the new species on Planet Earth.
“Actually, the gods and goddesses are true natives here on Planet Earth, like you, Risa. This is our home world too. Some of the gods and goddesses are older than a set of fossilized mud cakes that all of the cave children played games with during the saber-tooth tiger age,” he chuckled with Risa. “We use a simple god-illusion for us and from the others...”
“What the others?” Risa stopped and gasped, turning to see Beck.
He stopped with a smile and turned to wink at Risa, standing in front of a set of double-doors on an old fashioned white tinted horse barn and then he wiggled one hand. Both of the doors magically opened. Risa turned and stared at the object. A white colored glider, without a motorized engine stood on top of the concrete slab displaying two glider wings for a flying mission or a fun flying trip.
On top of the smooth vanilla tinted concrete that expanded from the patio floor, keeping up the god-illusion with the wheelchairs. Beck continued to stand beside Risa and wiggled his same hand at the ground object using his god powers. The long glider slowly lifted up from the slab concrete, like magic, then the pointy nose slowly advanced towards Back and Risa leaving its storage ben. They slowly back stepped from the open doors and veered to the side, watching the moving glider. The glider floated ten inches up from the slab in the air and exited from the barn storage structure, sailing through the air, and then gently landed down with a slight thud in a patch of grass around a line of tall shade trees and rows of human electricity power lines that contain actual electrons of heat.
Beck leaned over and cuddled Risa, spinning them around, slowly strolling to the grounded slider. “We are going to ride inside my personal glider...”
“... away from the others …”
“...and for our fun flying trip today. I enjoy using the motor-less glider for transport, instead of the wall mirror...”
“... away from the others …”
Risa scanned the environment with a skyline of dangerous live electricity wires that could kill her human body. “You should move the glider further out into the open unplowed field and away from the line of tall trees and dangling electricity lines, Beck. I am a human, not a goddess.”
He stopped and stood beside at open cockpit on the grounded glider, pointing down at the single padded pilot seat. “There is no sliding cockpit lid, so I might fall out. Or, worse, I might eat a bug or a bird or a buzzard.”
Risa felt panic rise into her throat with more fear and pointed down at the single long padded seat. “I know that a glider do not possess an engine, only two flight wings. But, the single cockpit is empty. Where is the dashboard of shiny instrument gauges and the floor joystick, and the manual radio for a distress call?”
He released Risa and touched his temple. "I need to train you not to think like a human girl but a goddess, instead." Beck softly chuckled. She shook her curls with a smile. He smiled. "The flight plan, we sit down, float up in the air and glide through the air waves. Then we will land down in my special place, which is a secret. There is only one single long padded pilot seat for sitting down inside the cockpit. But I am the flight pilot, the flight navigator, and flight engine,” he chuckled and climbed over the metal railing, sitting down in front of the seat. She continued to stand and stared down at the gilder in silence. Beck slid backwards and slammed his back spine into the metal back rest, patting his hand on top of the black tinted leather seat. “Climb inside and sit down in the pilot seat , Risa. The seat is similar to riding a horse, like a saddle.”
She gasped in shock. “Beck!” He winked at her. Risa shook her curls with a stern face and climbed over the metal railing, straddling the leather padding, sitting down on top of the seat and leaned into his chest with a smile of teenly emotions.
Beck chuckled with his teenly emotions. Risa continued to wiggle her body side to side with her amusement while giggling with her fun. He wrapped both of his arms around Risa and leaned into her sweet smelling hair strands, securing her inside the cockpit. Beck slowly lifted the grounded glider without wobbling in the air and halted hundred feet away from the tree line and the power lines.
She looked down and frowned with fear at the solid dashboard, without a single shiny button or joystick for air flight. “I thought you don’t possess the ability to fly like a birdie.” Her stomach did not flutter from the smooth lift-off from the ground. The row of green colored tree tops became even with her nose bridge and then even with her sneakers and finally her eyeballs only viewed clouds in the sky. She leaned over the metal railing. The flat grass soil and the flower pods appeared like a set of tiny colorful ants within her human eyeballs.
The glider halted 10,000 feet from the ground and stood in the air waves with some of the wet clouds that hit the glider from the human eyeballs and as her two eardrums only heard the slight wind breeze, which slapped her face. The air waves were calm and peaceful and also cool-feeling within the blistering heated day of late autumn season.
In the rear of the pilot cushion, Beck chuckled. “I do not. I possess the ability lifting up an object from the ground with the power of dynamite. Then, the object sails through the air, after igniting like a stick of fired dynamite. The natural wind air currents will surround the glider and speed us literally fly us towards our final destination.” He used his god powers and eretched a god shield over the opening of the glider that protected him and Risa from harm including the weather elements. The glider quickly soared ahead with the light breeze without sound bombarding a pair of eardrums or tossing hair strands around a bone skull. 
Risa turned and stared down at the flying glider seeing a golden twinkling flare of light around the soaring glider and then smiled with more confidence of his god powers. “Where is our final destination?”
“My secret place is located on top of a mountain peak.”
She gasped in shock. "But Apollo does not possess a mountain. The land is flat and fertile here with crop soil. Where is the mountain peak?"
Beck expanded his two arms around Risa and tapped his finger pads on the solid metal dashboard like a true pilot for fun. She returned back and giggled playing with his finger pads too. He smiled down into her eardrum. “Look down quick and view your farmland, Risa! We are right now gliding over the miles of crop fields, wheat fields, and the all of the cow and horse pasture lands, right now. In less than an eyelash, the glider will pass over your farm first. Then I slowly circle the sky and fly in a northwestern direction towards my secret quarry location that no one else knows or uses, just me and you, now.”
Numerous flattened green tinted cow meadows, rows of yellow tinted corn fields,  scattered blue-tinted semi-round lakes of fresh pond water, miles of brown tinted wheat fields, numerous black tinted dots of horses, white dots of beef cows, and hundreds of vertical lines in green hue with dots of brown spots that went up into the outer space waves.
Risa looked over the metal railing and frowned. “Ugh! I missed my farm.”
He turned and frowned down at the farmland, groaning with annoyance, "Ugh! You did miss your farmland. But I do see numerous rising beams in tainted dull grey hue with speckles of brown flakes which are ugh and ugly.” She frowned down over the railing again and viewed the same farmland seeing the numerous ugly vertical lines in gray hue with numerous brown spots.
He sneered. "I see an ugly aura from each alien.”
She gasped in shock. “What! Are you really seeing a group of outer space aliens? I don't see the outer space aliens. Where are the outer space aliens down there on the soil? Wait! Is there really a group of outer space aliens that live here with me and you on Planet Earth?"
He frowned at the alien auras and then returned back, staring through the air waves, flying the glider. “They visited and then stayed. Aliens are here with us, living with us, on Planet Earth. They come from the far side of the galaxy.”
“How do you…?” She continued to stare down at the lines of ugly colors. “Forget it! You are a teen god with ancient world knowledge. So, do you would know all of those species? We’re flying out of the alien space view. What do you see down there now?” Beck did not answer. But her two eyeballs viewed numerous vertical lines in hues including pinks, yellow, purples, greens, oranges and as she returned back and shaded her two eyeballs while flying into the morning sunlight.
He continued to steer the glider with his god powers and lectured to Risa. “A human aura will light up our home world with its beauty of colorful hues, tints, and tones. An alien aura is not beautiful and taints our home planet with their stinky, nasty body fumes.”
She continued to shade her eyeballs and stared down the new landscape. "O! I get it. The others! This new landscape is beautiful. I see thousands of mountain tops. Where are we located right now?"
"We have flew in a northwestern air flight pattern, compliments of me, 189 miles from my house soaring at 100 miles-per-hour through the clouds. Don't worry! No pair of human eyeballs could see us up here above the clouds. My god shield is invisible and hides the glider from them and the others, too. The land trip would have taken three hours and seven minutes by a human automobile. I am not witch with a flying broom. I am a god with power speed that breaks wind," he laughed with her. "We have arrived at my spot, where is three miles northwest of Vance, Alabama.” He circled the clear blue sky around the selected mountain peak while slowly descending the long glider, without an engine, using his god powers, like a true airplane, down towards a short but smooth god-made landing strip. 
Beck usually dropped down quickly from the clouds and then halted a few inches from the hard rock surface while cushioning his god body from the harsh fall and landed down on the mountain peak. He could not execute that glider maneuver with Risa. She was become injured or faint as a human girl.
Inside the glider plane, he continued to circle the sky and slowly descends his speed through the air waves, performing a smooth landing down on top of the hard rock surface with a soft tap, without harming Risa.
He assisted Risa to stand upright first from the long cushion seat and then he stood upright with a smile, lifting her up in the air and then placed her feet down on top of the hard surface. 


Mountain peak location
   (three miles northwest of Vance)
102 Fahrenheit; winds SW at 6 mph; 40% humidity
Bright sunlight and parted clouds


The town of Vance stands at 509 feet high from sea level, where the city lies partly in Bibb County and other parts in Tuscaloosa County and is surrounded by rolling mountain tops.
The Tuscaloosa County straddles the land boundary between the Appalachian Highlands and the Gulf Coastal Plain, boasting either hilltops or flat valleys of fertile crop lands.
The city was settled in the year 1830 and housed a trading post which was named Trion.
Over the years, the name changed and was renamed Vance in the year 1880 and incorporated in the year 1972. 
The total area is 10.21 square miles of land with 0.03 square miles of water. The population holds 1,615 individuals.
 


Risa squatted down with a smile and touched the smooth stone that did not glitter but appeared in dull blue tones. “What is this colorful dull stone here? I am used to seeing gray and white limestone rock, not a pretty blue hue.”
He climbed over the metal railing without wasting his god energy for the swift air flight ride back home to Apollo and stood beside her. Risa stood and cuddled with Beck scanning the new landscape. He nodded. “Underneath all of that thick, lush natural green tinted shade of forestland, there is dark blue tinted limestone rock, which is very common here on the Appalachian Highland. This is not a mountain summit. This high spot is called a highland, which is different from a true mountain. A highland or an upland is a mountain range of elevated mountainous plateau that references a series of tall hills with a rolling top, which peak at 500 feet to 600 feet in elevation above sea level." 
She nodded with a smile and scanned the numerous tall rolling hilltops of rich, thick green tinted forests that went for miles, within her two eyeballs. "O! I get it. This is a low mountain range, not a tall mountain range, like the Rocky Mountains."
"You are correct. The most famous upland, to a human and a god, consists of the Scottish Highlands, which is located in northern country of Scotland. Other world countries with a mountainous plateau of uplands include Tibet, Canada, Kenya, Yemen, Nigeria, New Guinea, Australia, New Zealand, and parts of US State of North Carolina, Iceland and South Africa and other world places that I do not wanna name right now."
"Have you visited each one of those uplands for fun with your god and goddess family members and your goddess and god friends?"
"Yes, I have seen most of them."
She frowned. "When do you have time to visit so many places? You attend school like me and also attend all of the sporting games also."
He reached over and twitched her nose bridge with a smile, dropping his hand, holding her hand. "I am a good student with good grades and complete all of my homework assignments before leaving the school campus making my evening free and boring. During the evening hours, my parents plan an expedition to another part of the world for their children and their god and goddess friends."
She gasped in shock and then nodded with laughter. "Well, I'll try really hard to complete all of my future high school assignments making my evening hours filled with freedom and boredom," she winked with a giggle.
He winked with a smile. "Maybe, you can come over to my house and then I can assist you with all of your high school homework assignments."
She winked back. "I like."
"I like too." Beck turned and extended his hand over the landscape. “This entire place had been three steep hilltops made of phyllite earth minerals that had been smacked together during a thrust earthquake fault 750 million years ago. The basement rock came from volcanic ash 1,000 million years ago…”
She giggled with silliness and stared at his nose profile. “Is that your true age in human or Earth years?”
He chuckled. “No.”
“Is that your dad's true age in human or Earth years?”
He smiled. “Probably! For most of my related and non-related goddess-kind and god-kind clan, I do not ask that sensitive age question to the ancient folks," Beck spun them around and slowly strolled ahead and pointed at his true cave-man mountain spot, scooting down the side of the grounded glider. "With my special god magic, I removed all of the mountainous trees, plants, vines, weeds and then replanted all of Mother Nature's items down on the valley floor along with any bird nests or other wildlife. The rock surface was uneven. Then I plowed a smooth strip for my glider plane to land and stand during my visit here in paradise." He stopped and released Risa, squatting down, opening a rear panel on the glider, revealing and then pulled out a stack human glossy magazines. He closed the rear panel and stood upright from the rock surface, cuddling the magazines in one arm and Risa in the other, strolling towards an open cave formation that was built on the front side of the tallest highland peak like an exhibition room.
The cave formation was surrounded by jagged rows of short and tall shade trees and numerous low-lying green tinted plants, without the wildlife animals that disguised the man cave from airplane view.
Beck and Risa moved ahead and entered the wide mouth on the cavern. She gasped in shock and then stopped, laughing out loud. "Your man cave is really an ancient caveman cavern, without electricity wires or lamps of illumination. I can see the two enclosed interior cave walls, without art or wall decorations coming from the bright beams of intense sunlight. What do you do inside this cave? There is not a pallet of towels or blankets for sleeping. What is the purpose of your man cave?"
He cuddled her and softly chuckled, starting to move ahead, viewing the opposite side of his open man cave and then halted at the entrance way. Risa gasped in shock and scanned the new environment. A few feet of solid flat blue tinted rock extended from the opposite cavern mouth and displayed a rectangular swimming pool, where the fresh water glittered in the bright sunrays.
He cuddled her and pointed down at the pool, "I started at the opposite edge on this particular highland plateau and swiftly dug out a rectangular trench that stopped several thousand feet, before the opposite end of the highland cliff, smoothing out the naked bottom basement rock for my sensitive naked bottom, too," he laughed.
She gasped in shock and continued to stare at the swimming pool. "Do you really...? I do not wanna know now."
"Yes."
"I do not wanna know never."
"Yes. I opened one side on the upland allowing both the running spring branch and captured rain water to flow down and flood my newly constructed swimming pool. The water slowly drains down tiny cracks in the basement rock, where the running spring water and capture rain water continues to circulate the fresh water inside the pool, without catching a human disease or eating a set of ugly, tasty bugs.” 
On the side of the highland, a waterfall of falling water glistened in the air waves and created a soft swishing sound that calmed the eardrums.
He turned and pointed at the other side on the low mountain. "On the other side of my empty man cave, I used my god magic, not a human tool and constructed a stone picnic table for two people. I brought the stack of human magazines for our lunch meal and then we can change out of our clothes and go for a skinny dip."
She elbowed his rib cage and dashed moved ahead without Beck, sliding down on top of the picnic table first, sitting on the opposite side. She slapped both of her palms onto the smooth rock, rubbing the pretty stone with a smile. He arrived at the table and sat on the opposite side, placing the stack of magazines in front of his chest, examining each one for some food items.
She smiled at his black tinted hair roots. “How old are you, Beck?”
“I turned seventeen years old at the start of the new year.”
"How do you know that your body and your blood is Ancient Egyptian?"
He looked up and pouted at her. "I'm hurt. You didn't believe my words."
She tilted her chin and frowned at Beck, "Well, you do kinda fib, a lot, with your words and your actions, before yesterday. You play an innocent school boy at the high school classroom but you really are really  a talented teen god."
He looked down and continued to examine each magazine for food items. "Today, modern science has advanced to the point of exploring genes and DNA strands. My DNA strands can be traced back to the Ancient Egyptians in the New Kingdom, which existed in the year 1550 BC. But don't ever tell the human scientists my secret!" he 
She snapped her finger and nodded with a smile. “That’s right! You had answered all of those ancient questions and told the entire classroom, last Friday afternoon, when that new science teacher read your astrology chart. Was she right?”
He looked up and slid the new magazine with two pages of lovely colorful pictures over to Risa. “I’m hungry. Do you want a breakfast or lunch meal right now?” Risa looked down and gasped in shock, viewing a page of sexy, colorful bathing suits. He smiled at her blonde tinted hair roots. “I, normally, come up here alone to see the stars at night. I do not ...”
She looked up and frowned at Beck. “Why do you hide your healthy upright body behind a wheelchair? That act seems so wrong for so many reasons, Beck.”
Beck exhaled with worry and then nodded to Risa. “I can’t materialize a Dee Dee’s hamburger for out lunch meal without the pictures of food items. I usually traverse up here alone and watch the stars. Why did you come to my house yesterday, Risa? You have been my farm neighbor for decades now. You have never come to visit for a cup of sugar or brought flowers for friendship."
She gasped in shock and turned to see the lush forestland on the next mountain. “O that!" Risa returned back and nodded to Beck. “I run out of gasoline in my terrain vehicle. Then I accidentally wrecked my new birthday present, the terrain vehicle. My terrain vehicle hit down into the tree line of your farm property, while I was feeding my mom's prized stallion. My mom would birth a litter of kittens, if her prized stallion went hungry for one day,” she nodded with a smile. “So, I finished my farm chore and then I wrecked my terrain vehicle on our farm property at the long tree line that separates your farm from my farm. So, I walked over the tree leaves and came over to your house to explain about the fallen baby trees, where my terrain vehicle had damaged. The terrain vehicle is too small to damage a tall, big shade trees that stands between my farm and your farm,” she nodded several times with a goofy smile to Beck.
“O!”
She smiled. “O! I guess you don’t possess supersonic hearing or supersonic seeing.”
“O! I’m sorry for your accident. And, I don’t possess supersonic hearing or seeing. But, I do possess future seeing."
She gasped in shock and then nodded with a smile, “Really! That's really cool. What do you see in your future?”
He reached out and touched her naked arm, nodding with a smile “I see us, me and you together. We touring the world cities for the rest of our days as a couple.”
She giggled. “I like. What else do you see?”
He continue to touch her arm and closed both of his two eyelashes, wearing a smile. “Hmm! I am accessing my future evens talent. And I see a perfect wedding ceremony within rays of bright morning sunlight flooding down on top of each one of our hair roots inside a very large church," he frowned and then faked a smile to Risa without opening his eyelids. "Hmm! I only you and no one else..."
“I like. And what else do you see in your future event god powers?”
"I like too." He exhaled with frustration and shook his curls, opening his two eyelids, nodding to Risa and tapped on the stack of magazines. “I can't concentrate without my food meal and I can’t bring us food items right here,” he lifted up and twirled his hand in the air, looking up at the sky and over into the thick forest. “But, I can ask some of my friends to bring us some food items.” He dropped his hand and nodded with a smile to Risa.
A flock in a V-shaped pattern of flying dark tinted birds in the sky veered down and dived down towards the picnic table with Risa and Beck. Each flying bird swooped down and released a soft single petal of flora roses and daisy flowers in the air, slowly drifting through the calm air currents, landing down on top of the cool stone surface. Risa watched each flying flower petal with a smile in silence. Beck watched with a chuckle as each petal touched down on the surface, lifting his hand and waved to the flock of birds, using his god communication.
A soft noise behind the back spine on Risa. She spun around and gasped in shock. A herd in a H-shaped pattern displayed rows of flying gray tinted squirrels soaring through the air waves, dropping a row of webbed furry mammal bodies down towards the stone picnic table and released an object. Each object swiftly descended down through the air currents towards the hard rock surface. Beck reached out with both open palms and used his god powers, gently resting a shelled nut food item on top of the hard surface, including numerous walnuts and peanuts.
Risa spun back around and smiled down at the numerous shells of nuts. "I like.”
"I like too." He smiled, “But we are just getting started,” he pointed down at the edge on the mountain peak. She spun around with a smile and watched.
A loud sound of rustling came from the edge on the smooth stone near a thick rows of short plants. Three horizontal rows with brown tinted raccoons marched from the bushes and toted the stem portion on a piece of ripen fruit, including an assortment of colorful bush berries, apples, pears, and peaches and then stopped several feet from Beck and Risa, without hissing at the people.
Beck nodded with a smile and wiggled his hand using his god powers, gently accepting each piece of fruit from the each generous raccoon, gently placing on top of the picnic table with the scattered puddles of flower petals and numerous assorted nuts. Risa did not move without scaring each mammal. The animals did not look to her but only Beck.
Beck spun around and pointed his index finger, using his god powers, at the mountain side, where an open grill pit stood and started a fire over a stack of dried wood kindle. He returned back and winked to Risa, “I need a roaring fire for our last food item.” She frowned with puzzlement at Beck and did not hear any noise. He pointed at the edge of the cliff. She spun around and gasped in shock.
A line of six orange colored foxes stood on four paws and held a bloody dead rabbit in their fangs.
Risa did not gasp in shock or puke up vomit from her throat. She was a farm girl.
Each fox carefully approached one at a time and then dumped its dead bloody rabbit at Beck’s feet, quickly spinning around, scurrying away back from the people, running back down the mountain side into the woodlands, their home. The last fox approached and dumped its prey down to Beck, running off to its family fox members.
At the picnic table, Risa leaned over and stared down at the pile of bloody dead rabbit bodies. “Are you their master?”
He leaned down and wiggled his fingers, removing the furry hair from the dead body first and then exposed the white bones, red tinted blood proteins and bright raw pink meat. He levitated the raw meat from the stone base, in the air, and on heated rack inside the open grilling pit. She heard the sizzling of the flames and smelled the sharp odor from the cooking rabbit meat. He returned back and smiled at Risa, shaking his curls. “No! Mother Nature is their Earth mistress. I have the ability to mentally communicate and sum natural items from all types of animals. I can’t touch the fowl or the reptile or the insect or the wild animal, only send out like a mental thought of an object, such like, a dead bunny rabbit for my food meal today.” She nodded with a smile.
He stood upright and spun around, entering back into his man cave for a few second, coming out and toted two plates. He returned back to the table and Risa, sitting down, handing an empty plate to her.
She stared down at the empty plate and then looked up with a smile to see Beck. “Why? You could not zapped both of the plates out from your man cave with a snap of your talented fingers.”
He nodded. “Ah yes, I could have. However, each god or goddess must learn to conserve their intact and innate supernatural powers like earthlings …”
“… don’t ...”
“I agree. The planet of earthlings do not seem to know when they should be happy or content or joyous or gay or gleeful. Are you a happy human girl, Risa?”
She smiled, “Yes. I’m very happy here with you in your paradise spot, Beck.” The sizzling noise stopped on top of the hot rack indicating six individual light brown hue of cooked meat patties. He jerked his hand over his collar bone, wiggling his finger at the row of cooked meat. Each brown tinted slice lifted up from the heated rack, floated through the air, and split apart, landing four pieces on Beck's plate and two on Risa's plate.
She winked at Beck. “Your god magic contains a perfect pair of cooking tongs. I could get accustomed to this royal treatment by such a capability royal male.”
He smiled, “Yeah, the god powers are very convenient. I present a fitting fest of food for my queen.”
“What is our drink of choice?”
He waved his hand and used his god powers. Two individual crystal goblets flew out from the dark interior walls of his man cave, through the air, and then halted underneath the flowing waterfall, pouring down in fresh spring water into each cup. Each goblet overflowed with water droplets. Beck continued to sit at the table and smiled at Risa, wiggling his index finger again with his silence god command. The two goblets flew out from underneath the  flowing waterfall and then halted in the air above the picnic table, gently lowering down on top of the scattered flower petal and beside each plate containing piece of cooked rabbit meat, nuts, and fruit pieces.  He smiled and pointed at her plate. “I present the nectar of the gods and goddesses, of course.”
She laughed with a nod. “I do declare that it is the nectar of teens!”
 He chuckled and dove into the food plate, eating and staring at Risa. She ate the ripen strawberry, chewed and then swallowed the lump of food. “What are we going to do up here for the rest of the daylight hours?”
He swallowed the food. “We will go swimming in my homemade pool first and then a bout of fun mud wrestling second.”
She looked down at the new clean tee shirt. “Well, I guess, I can swim in my shorts and tee shirt. But, if we mud wrestle, then I'll need some new clothing.” Risa looked up and winked at Beck.
He ate and then swallowed the food, pointing down at the first magazine. “I have planned our spot and attire, appropriately. I have a new set of magazines that contain ...”
“ ... only bathing suits. Have you been fantasying about a cute teen girl for that long, up here, young god?” She ate the meat and nodded with a set of closed lips.
He chuckled and reached out, grabbing her pinky finger, slowly dropping the digit towards the first colorful photograph on the intact page. “I like this one.”
She quickly guided her pinky finger over to a different photograph and held his hand. His magic activated immediately. Risa giggled feeling the slight breeze of change. Her red and white tinted outfit morphed into an old-fashioned black and white tinted female bathing swimming suit from the year 1933, covering from her body from her throat down to her exposed kneecaps. Risa stood upright and slowly twirled around while giggling with fun.
He frowned and shook his curls, tapping the cover on a new girly human glossy magazine. “Not that one! I like this one.”
She leaned down with a smile and dropped her index finger pad down towards an orange tinted one-piece girly bathing suit. He quickly scooted her finger pad towards a different colorful picture with a two-piece red tinted bikini and smashed her finger pad down onto the glossy page. His god powers activated. Risa felt a swift breeze around her semi-naked body, standing upright with a  gasp, looking down at the sexy two-piece bikini as the cool mountain air flowing around her semi-nakedness. She shouted out loud in fury. “Beck!”
Beck chuckled with amusement and grabbed a new magazines with numerous colorful bathing items, touching the new photograph. His clothes changed into a pair of dark blue swimming trunks. He stood upright with a smile from the picnic bench and leaned over the table surface, grabbing her hand, pulling Risa towards the mountain swimming pool. He led her down the built-in stone steps and stopped in the middle of the pool that hit his chest muscles, smiling at Risa.
She smiled back at Beck. “Your man cave, your swimming pool, your waterfall are all very beautiful up here.”
He leaned over and kissed her lips, pulling back with a smile. “I’m so glad that you agree. I’ve never shown anyone my swimming pool that lives up here inside my secret paradise.”
She turned and viewed the swimming pool glittering water, the mountainous hilltops, the pale blue sky and back to see Beck. “I’ve enjoyed my out of this world weekend...”
“Not over, yet! It’s only late morning time.”
“I know that information. I wanna know honestly. Why me, Beck?”
He smiled. “We’re farm neighbors, Risa. I have known you all my life which is seventeen years and a few days as your birthday is later in the solar year. We are the same type of individuals, who are funny, cute, and happy.”
She looked down and stared at the water. Risa had recalled the same sentences coming from her former boyfriend Garth. She looked up and nodded to him. “Okay. I can buy that reasoning. What are you not telling me?”
He exhaled with worry and nodded with a stern face. “I am a moon child which is a luckier teen god. I get to pick out my future long-time mate from all the pretty goddesses. My future goddess-wife can acquire some of my awesome supernatural powers through the mating ritual, of course. Some earthlings believe that the seventh son reads the inner thoughts of the human mind. In the Middle Ages, my father, who is the seventh son of the seventh son, could rest both of his palms on a sick human and then cure their illness or disease or the common cold, without their proper permission, of course, by starting that silly rumor of the seventh son nonsense. My father could not really heal a human or an animal or a god on a grand scale, such like, a modern day medical physician. My father cannot read a human mind or see a human event that will occur at a future date."
“Can you read a human mind and heal a human and see a human event into the future?”
He frowned. “I can only foresee some future events without accurate and with a lot of trouble.”
Risa gasped in shock “O my stars! Can you see the end of time for me or the planet or the universe too? No! I can do that too. I see us getting married here.”
Beck gasped in shock and then chuckled. "Well, I can't see every future event, but I can perform a slick god trick."
"What! What is it?"
"How long can you hold your kiss under the water?" He chuckled and dropped them down into the water, leaning over, covering her mouth.



Continue the adventures of Risa and her friends in the  All & Tells in the Urban Tales series...




