
GOLDEN BLOOD

Time Spirit Trilogy

Book One





Melissa Pearl

*****

Copyright 2011 by Melissa Pearl
www.melissapearlauthor.com

Revised edition - new cover
Copyright 2016 by Melissa Pearl

All rights reserved. This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the author.
*****
This is a work of fiction. Names, places, businesses, characters and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, actual events or locales is purely coincidental.

*****

Cover art (copyright) by White Rabbit Book Design. All rights reserved.
White Rabbit Book Design

*****

License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please purchase your own copy.
Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Table of Contents

Acknowledgements
Dedication & Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Black Blood

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

I have so much support from family and friends that pursuing my dream is made easier. I want to specifically thank a few key people who have helped me get through this project.
Brenda - thanks for making me start writing in the first place and for all your technical support, you're a wiz. Pete - thanks for listening to all my doubts and constant drivel as I worked and fretted. Mark - thanks for encouraging me and giving me the idea to self-publish. Alivia - thanks for the stunning book cover. You guys are all amazing.

For H.S.
You are the hope within me.
I love you.

Hope is the thing with feathers
That perches on the soul
And sings the tune without words
And never stops
At all

Emily Dickinson

They were an enigma. Throughout the ages there had only ever been rumors of these mysterious people who appeared out of nowhere and disappeared just as quickly, whispers of swirling gold dust, unexplained piles of abandoned clothing left in dark alleys. Only a select few had glimpsed the reality and they chose not to speak of it. They knew the truth needed guarding. These people were special…chosen. Created for the sole purpose of changing history.

Chapter One
St. Augustine, Florida - 2011 AD


Gemma Hart pulled on her jeans and zipped the fly. Grabbing her shirt off the toilet seat, she threw it on and struggled to do it up. Her hands were shaking and still rippling with pins and needles. She bunched them into fists and shook them out before attempting her buttons again. Her fingernails shone gold, but that would only take another moment to fade.
She straightened her shirt, pulled on her black hoodie, and quickly assembled her long hair into a ponytail. Smoothing back any lumps, she fisted her hands for the last time. Flexing her fingers, she held them steady in front of her and examined the red knuckles on her right hand. They were still swollen, but the grazing was already healing. She ran a light finger over them, still feeling the man’s jaw crunch beneath her fist. 
She frowned. It had been her only choice.
The phone in her back pocket dinged. With an irritated huff, she ignored the tone of the message and replied.

IM FINE. WHEN IS DEBRIEF.

She touched SEND and drew in a deep breath. The bell would ring soon and she didn’t want to be late for class. Gathering her bag from the floor, she checked her phone and made a mental note to be home by 5 p.m. Being late to class was one thing, but being late for a debrief was not worth the drama.
Unlocking the door, she peeked her head out of the stall and crept into the bathroom. She washed her hands and leaned against the basin, studying her weary reflection. She knew her body would soon be fully energized again, but it felt like the older she got the longer it took.
She snorted out a cynical laugh. Seventeen and already worrying about aging? Yeah, she had issues.
The bathroom door banged open. Gemma’s body snapped straight and her gaze dropped to the floor. She could feel the curious glances. No one ever just skimmed over her. She was always studied from a safe distance, never approached. But that was her fault, right? She wasn’t exactly the friendliest girl at St. Augustine High School.
Clearing her throat, she lifted her bag, grabbed her binder, and turned to look directly at the two bug-eyed freshmen. They both looked to the ceiling. Gemma rolled her eyes and squeezed past them. What was the point?

The hallway was crowded. The chaotic symphony was rising in a steady crescendo as students loitered near their lockers, expecting the post-lunch bell to ring at any moment. 
Dana Monroe and her posse of girls giggled their way past Gemma. She paused to let them go by. Getting noticed by the gossip queens was painful. They had enough rumors on her to start their own paper and she didn’t need another headline.
She waited until their perfect curls and tiny waists were four lockers away before moving into the human traffic and turning the opposite direction. She’d take the long route to English class. Not the best option, but better than the girls turning to see her then bunching their heads together. She hated the way they did that. It’s not like she couldn’t still hear their whispered insults. So she was rude to Dana once, the girl had no idea what she was trying to protect. The only reason the petite brunette even invited her out was because Gemma met her pretty friend criteria and she had an older brother who was smoking hot. 
Gemma did not have the luxury of cozying up to a bunch of girls. Girls talked, shared secrets…and there were things she was never allowed to say. Her no-close-friends policy had been working well for the last two-and-a-half years. She hadn’t expected to have absolutely no friends, but be rude to a gossip queen once and your social life was over. 
Gemma shook her head. Dana had actually done her a favor. Being alone was easier and she was happy that way. At least, that’s what she kept telling herself.
Turning the corner, Gemma came across a loud group of fellow juniors who were jostling over some poor freshman’s bag. Intervening for the skinny kid, whose face could be mistaken for a page of Braille, was the right thing to do, but that would illicit unwanted attention and more gossip. Despite this, her steps slowed as she pictured exactly how she could end the torment, taking down each player with swift precision. 
I really shouldn’t, but how I can just walk past?
Her indecision was taken away when her hulking brother sauntered around the opposite corner. He was six-foot-three and built like a Mac truck. He spotted the problem and hollered at the boys. Silence descended. Every head turned toward the drama, but none was provided. The bullies scampered like puppies. 
With the prospect of Dominic Hart pounding a bunch of juniors no longer an offer, the milling bystanders lost interest and turned back to their conversations. 
Collecting the bag that had been thrown sky high, Gemma pulled it back into shape and handed it over. The boy mumbled a quick thank you, shot Dominic an “I want to be just like you when I grow up” smile, and took off down the hall.
“Nice going, loud mouth.”
“Thanks, slim.” He lightly punched her arm then picked up her right hand. Rubbing a thumb over the knuckles, he squeezed her fingers and winked. “Nice work today.”
“See you at five.” 
He dropped her hand and walked backwards singing, “I’ll be there.” 
Laughter bubbled up Gemma’s throat, but it was cut off by the sight of Harrison Granger. His blond hair flashed into view as she turned and Gemma’s lips warred between a smile and a frown. Pulling her binder close to her chest, she raised it to cover her mouth and silently watched him. 
He was with Darren Kidman as usual. They were laughing about something. Darren slapped Harrison on the shoulder and pushed him into the lockers. Harrison countered with a fake punch to the head that didn’t connect.
His brown eyes were playful. Harrison dropped his bag on the floor and ran a hand through his scruffy waves of hair. He did that a lot.
Darren was shaking his head as Gemma walked past. “That is such crap. You are full of it, Granger.”
Harrison grinned and opened his locker. “I’m not, I swear.”
“I won’t believe it till I see it. You are coming over on Sunday and it’s on. There is no way you can score that high on…”
The bell let out a shrill ring. Gemma missed the name of the game she assumed was to do with Darren’s XBox. There was a reason why that guy didn’t have a girlfriend.
She hadn’t pegged Harrison for the gamer kind, but there was a lot she didn’t know about him. A lot she never would. Forcing herself not to turn back, she let out a disappointed sigh and hurried off to English.

*****

English was delivered in its usual monotone, the discussion questions answered with limited enthusiasm. Gemma sat in the back and took her usual silent observer role. When the bell finally rang, she collected her books and headed to History, her stomach a tight ball of vibrating nerves. 
She loved and loathed the subject. 
It was by far her favorite class. Mr. Lomax was a cool teacher who was passionate about any era but the present. Unlike most of the student population, he took a liking to Gemma. For once, she was sure it had nothing to do with her looks and everything to do with the fact she excelled in History.
“Okay, let’s get started. Now, what were we doing yesterday?” He scratched his receding black curls and flicked through the textbook on his desk. “That’s right!” He clapped his hands together. “Eighteenth Century socialism. Let’s get excited, people. This is a fascinating subject. Now who can tell me… Mr. Granger, hurry up and take your seat, sir.”
“Sorry, Mr. Lomax.”
Harrison grinned and hurried to his seat. Gemma admired the way his tall, lanky frame folded into the chair. He shuffled back in his seat, exposing a flash of red boxers, then swung around to borrow a pen from the girl behind him.
Harrison’s smile was warm as he said thank you. Gemma glanced away when it brushed over her, her heart skipping three beats.
There sat the reason for hating this class. Fifty-five minutes of pining for someone she could never have equated to the cruelest type of torture.
Gemma flicked open her textbook as commanded and found her place. The text on the page blurred. She bit down hard on her lip.  At least tomorrow was Saturday. She could go a whole two days without having to encounter her forbidden fruit. Not that she’d know what to do if he ever did talk to her. 

Chapter Two
St. Augustine, Florida - 2011 AD

Harrison Granger knew he shouldn’t be running. Pride should have made him stand his ground and take the pounding, but the situation was so ridiculous, he didn’t think it warranted a black eye. 
Ducking around an elderly lady admiring the antique storefront, he threw a glance over his shoulder and swore. Picking up his pace, he wove through a clump of tourists and tried to make it back to the safety of his car.
Jordan Monroe was a frickin’ idiot if he thought Harrison was after Dana. One false move with that vindictive gossip and the rep he’d been building over the last four months would be terminally tarnished. Not that he needed to be the most popular guy in school or anything; he just didn’t want to be the lone freak again. 
Besides, he’d promised himself no more relationships. At the age of seventeen he’d had one that he considered worthwhile and ending it had been painful. Admittedly, he’d been a fourteen-year-old lovesick puppy, but it was enough to swear off girls for the rest of high school. Having a mother with the irritating compulsion to move all the time was hardly conducive to settling in. 
It wasn’t his fault that girls kept throwing themselves at him. It’s not like he’d led Dana on; if anything, she was struggling to grasp the meaning of the word “no.”
Harrison paused beside a huge gumball machine and crouched low. When he’d tried to calmly explain his stance to Jordan, the guy’s face had turned beet red and his three gorilla buddies had bunched their fists. Harrison rolled his eyes. This was hardly the way he’d planned to spend his Saturday morning. He’d fled the house in a bid for peace. His stepsister and his mother were in the throes of an all-out war over the state of her bedroom and the four males of the house had wisely retreated.
“Granger! C’mere, you weed.” 
His pulse jumped before his feet did. Skirting around a couple with backpacks, he pushed through a bunch of boys and threw himself around the corner. His car was only three blocks away, but if they caught him there he couldn’t guarantee that his prize possession would remain safe during the scuffle. Deciding not to risk it, he turned left down a quiet lane and plowed straight into an unsuspecting girl.
“Sorry, sorry. Oh crap, I’m sorry.” Harrison reached out a hand. The girl ignored his gesture and stood up on her own, brushing the dirt from her jeans. “Are you okay?”
“I’m fine.” Her voice was a soft murmur. She collected up the new book and DVD that had flown from her bag, keeping her gaze on the pavement. 
Harrison glanced behind him, quickly assessing if he had time to linger. Turning back to the girl, he faced her for one final apology and recognized her.
“Oh hey. Gemma, right? We’re in History together.”
Her smile was fleeting. Flicking her long, glossy ponytail over her shoulder, she bit the corner of her mouth and nodded. He’d often wondered about her. She was a strange girl, never talked to anyone and always spent her lunchtimes holed up in the library. Her stunning beauty was intimidating. When he’d first noticed her he’d been swiftly warned off by his new friends. According to them she was a total freak, an expert snob, and the meanest girl in school.
“Oh great.” She frowned.
Harrison glanced behind him and swore. Jordan and his buddies were coming around the corner.
Gemma’s green eyes were a mix of curious amusement at his reaction.
“Come on.” He pointed to Camilla’s Closet, a secondhand clothing store. The bell tinkled loudly as they entered. He shone the lady behind the counter a smile and grabbed a couple of things off the nearest rack. Gemma followed him to the change rooms.
Glancing back, he saw Jordan scowling outside the store window then nodding to the others. They branched away, entering stores in what looked like a systematic search. Grabbing a couple more things from the next rack, he led Gemma to the nearest change room and locked the door behind them.
Harrison hung the clothes on the hook and pressed his ear to the door. “I don’t think they saw us. It won’t take them long to check in here though.”
Gemma was leaning against the wall, studying him with that intense gaze of hers. Her full lips twitched as she pulled the top of her shirt closer together. He smiled, hoping to make her more comfortable.
“So, I take it since you followed me in here that you don’t like running into Jordan Monroe.”
Her lips toyed with a smile. “I can’t afford to.”
He tipped his head and raised his eyebrows.
She let out a short sigh. “He’s always trying to hit on me and it gets really annoying. Before you know it he’s running home to Mommy with a bloody nose and I get a week’s detention.”
“You…you beat up Jordan Monroe?”
Her cheeks turned red and she lowered her gaze. “It’s not that hard if you know what you’re doing.”
“And you do?”
“My father does a little martial arts. He showed me a few moves.” She flicked her hand in an obvious bid for casualness. 
“You’ll have to show me sometime. I hate running.”
“It can be the better option. I don’t think less of you for doing it.”
Harrison gave her a slow smile. She jerked her collar together with a frown.
The bell tinkled loudly and Harrison tensed, suddenly aware that their feet were obvious if anyone stooped to look under the change room doors. 
“Quick.” He jumped up onto the seat and beckoned Gemma to do the same.
Her hesitation was subtle, but he noticed. He moved aside to give her room to step up. With not much space, he tucked her against the wall and placed his arms either side of her head. 
Sure the close proximity was making her uncomfortable, he turned his head and locked his eyes on the door. Her soft breath tickled his chin and he was soon unable to resist. He gazed down at her, struck like he was the first time by her stunning beauty. Her smooth skin was a light cocoa, making her green eyes a powerful contrast. Her petite straight nose and full lips were perfectly proportioned on her long oval face and he didn’t even want to get started on the body that he knew lived beneath her baggy clothing. He’d watched her train. She was a cheetah on the track and there’s no way a girl like that didn’t have a fine figure. Dana’s constant griping from the bleachers had to be out of sheer jealousy.
Heavy footsteps approached the door and they both went still. They waited in breathless silence until they heard a string of curses followed by a sharp command to leave the store. A moment later the bell tinkled, followed by a heavy slam of the door.
Harrison let out his breath and chuckled. He knew he should be jumping from the seat and helping Gemma down, but he didn’t want to move. He was surprised by how much he liked having the school’s freak this close to him.
Gemma’s eyes rose to meet his. “What?”
He kept his smile in place. “I’ve always wondered what it’d be like to talk to you.”
“Is that a line?”
“No,” he chuckled and ran a hand through his hair. 
Her eyes went stormy and she bit her lip. Flustered, she pushed him away and jumped down. She collected her bag and reached for the lock. “I gotta go.”
“No, wait.” He grabbed her hand and froze. His skin was on fire. Looking down at his fingers, he felt warm licks of flame curl up each digit and spread over his hand.
Gemma’s eyes were huge as she jerked away and rubbed her thumb over her fingertips. 
“What was that?” he whispered.
She shook her head with a frown and backed away from him, crashing into the door. With fumbling fingers she undid the lock and burst out, weaving around the clothing racks and shooting out the door.
Harrison leaned against the frame to watch her. He curled his fingers into a fist then flexed them straight. The warm lick of flame was rapidly cooling. 
His disappointment surprised him.

*****

Harrison reached his car without incident. Jordan and his thugs were either lost in the maze of streets still looking for him or they had given up. A black Ducati bike grabbed his attention as it tore past. Harrison recognized Gemma’s sleek frame. He couldn’t believe the girl owned such a powerful machine. What kind of parent buys their kid something like that? 
His definitely wouldn’t. 
He ran his hand over the roof of his beloved 1978 Corvette Stingray. He’d found it in an old junkyard and his stepfather, Bryan, had convinced him to go for it. They’d hauled it home to much laughter, making Harrison seriously doubt Bryan’s ability as a mechanic, but piece-by-piece they had worked on it, and he now owned a well-tuned classic. Dropping into the driver’s seat, he ran his hands over the wheel and smiled as the engine rumbled to life.
As usual, the drive home was the best part of his day. He hadn’t admitted it to his mother yet, but he loved Florida’s eastern coastline. Driving over the Bridge of Lions, he headed south down the waterfront. The sun-kissed ocean sparkled like diamonds. It was a far cry from the inner cities of Pittsburgh and Atlanta. He could almost forgive his mother for uprooting them yet again. Maybe this time it would be worth it.
He thought of Gemma as he pulled into his street, how in awe he’d been when he’d first seen her. He didn’t want to believe the rumors for a second, but when four or five of his best smiles earned him nothing more than a sharp frown, he decided to give up. But now…
He rubbed his fingertips together. The fire feeling had gone, but not the simmering in his brain. For the first time since he was fourteen, he felt that yearning. His forehead creased with a frown.
Pulling into his driveway, he turned off the engine and gazed up at his house. It was a large, white, two-story box. A smaller, white one-story box sat next to it and was Bryan’s beloved double garage. The house could not be plainer, but it was functional, sunny, and starting to feel like home. They all seemed happy here.
The front door slammed with a vibrating force. An irate Rosie marched down the steps with a garbage sack in each hand. Her blonde bangs flicked back and forth and her lips moved in a torrent of words that weren’t allowed inside the house.
Harrison grinned at his stepsister as he stepped out of the car. 
She paused. “Welcome to the tyranny that is this house!”
“I told you not to ask Mom for any favors before ten am, but you just couldn’t wait, could ya?”
“Shut up.” 
He tipped his head with a gentle smile. “Need a hand?”
She sighed and grinned. He helped her lift the heavy bags into the trash cans against the garage wall then followed her through the glass kitchen door. As soon as they entered the house her scowl returned and she stomped past her stepmother and up the stairs.
Helen smiled serenely at the huffy fourteen-year-old, then folded a pair of shorts from the huge pile of washing overtaking the kitchen table.  The kitchen smelled fresh from frenzied cleaning, another reason to flee the house on Saturday mornings. Harrison closed the door behind him.
“How do you do that, you little tin-ass freak?” Justin’s loud voice shot from the living room.
“I am not. You just can’t handle being beaten by a six-year-old!” Sam yelled back.
Harrison threw his keys into the bowl on the counter as Helen let out a groan and Bryan sauntered into the kitchen.
“Tin-ass freak? Honey! They get that from you.”
“You don’t have to thank me, sweetie.”
“I’m not thanking you, you big oaf!” She threw the towel she’d just folded at him and laughed.
He grabbed it off his head and jumped around the table, wrapping his arms around her waist and raspberrying her neck. She giggled like a schoolgirl. Harrison folded his arms and leaned his hip against the counter, watching with a smile. 
Bryan had brought his mother back to life. Harrison had been nine when Bryan came on the scene, before that they’d just been a duo. His father died before he was born. 
Harrison had wanted to hate the guy and his two annoying kids, but fell in love with them before he could stop himself. Two years later Sam was born and his mother officially became Mrs. Helen Chatsworth. 
Harrison’s cell phone beeped, pulling the canoodling couple apart. 
“Oh hey, sweetie. How was town?”
“Good.” He slid open his phone.
Rosie crashed down the stairs and into the kitchen. “Okay, I’m done. Can I have my life back now?”
She stood in front of Helen with an outstretched hand. Her stepmother held out the fuchsia pink cell phone. 
“Thank you.” She snatched it back and retreated up the stairs.
Bryan shook his head as he closed the fridge.
“She’s your daughter.” Helen kissed his cheek as he walked past. He slapped her on the butt and headed back out to the garage, a cold beer in hand.
“You home for dinner, hon?” Helen placed a folded shirt onto Justin’s pile.
Harrison slid his phone shut. “No, looks like I’m going to the movies with Darren and the girls. I’ll just grab something on the way.”
“Please don’t have chili fries and a Coke.”
“What do you want me to eat, Mom? Sushi?”
“Sushi would be great.” She beamed.
“I’m not eating seaweed.”
“Well could you at least have something with vegetables in it?”
Harrison laughed as he grabbed a chocolate chip cookie from the jar. “I love you too, Mom.”
“Yeah, whatever.” She placed a folded shirt on Sam’s pile and grimaced as he ate the cookie in one bite. “How did I get such a charming son?”
He brushed the crumbs from his lips and walked past her with a cheeky grin.
“Stop.”
No way. She couldn’t have seen…
“Turn.”
He knew that tone. Keeping his expression bland, he turned. His mother’s eyes narrowed and she tipped her head.
“What’s that look in your eyes?”
“What look?” 
“That one you get when you’ve seen something you want and are coming up with a plan of attack.”
He shrugged. “Don’t know what you’re talking about.”
Her eyes narrowed further. He was done for.
“Do you like one of the girls you’re going to the movies with tonight?”
“Nope.”
She leaned toward him.
“You like someone.”
He looked at the floor.
“Harrison Nathan Granger.”
“It’s no big deal, Mom.”
“This isn’t going to be another Amy incident, is it?”
He tipped back his head and rolled his eyes. “Mom, I was a lovesick romantic when she dumped me, of course I was going to react badly.”
“I haven’t seen this look on your face for a long time. Don’t forget I know you better than you think.”
He shook his head. “Amy never would have broken it off if we hadn’t been moving for the millionth time that year.”
“Hey…”
“Anyway, if you’re serious about staying here until after I graduate, that gives me a year and a half to have a little fun, so what’s the big deal?”
His mother tipped her head and gave him a soft smile. “That’s not your style, baby. You’re always all or nothing.”
Harrison sniffed and shoved his hands in his pockets. “Well, it’s nothing, so don’t worry about it.”
Helen’s face crinkled with a frown, her eyes storming with intensity. Harrison sighed and placed his hands on her shoulders.
“Mom, I know it’s like asking you not to breathe, but you can do it, okay? You don’t have to worry about me.”
“I just don’t want to see you get hurt again. I know—”
“Mom! Justin’s cheating!”
“I am not, you little brat!”
Helen closed her eyes with a sigh. Harrison patted her shoulders and turned to leave.
“Harrison.”
He glanced back and felt his spine ripple with unease. There was that look. Her eyes were glassed over in memory and he wondered yet again if she was seeing his father. 
She never spoke of him. 
In the past, one look like that would have sent her into a week’s depression. They usually moved a month or so later. Harrison felt his insides hitch.
“Mom! Justin, stop it!” Sam’s demand was followed by a sharp yelp.
Helen’s eyes snapped back into focus. She cleared her throat and gave her son a shaky smile. “Don’t be late, okay?”
“Yes, ma’am.” He gave her a wink followed by the grin that always made her smile. It worked. 

Chapter Three
Ponte Vedra Beach, Florida - 2011 AD

Gemma sprinted the last hundred meters and stopped in the sand by the wrought-iron gate leading to the pool area of her house. She checked her watch as she walked to the ocean’s edge and back, pulling in large gulps of air. Six-and-a-half minutes faster than yesterday. 
She didn’t want to admit why she had pushed herself so hard. Her father would go into a lengthy lecture if he knew how much her limbs were burning right now. If anyone had seen her tearing down the beach that fast, she’d be in big trouble. They weren’t supposed to show their true colors in public.
Shaking out her arms, she rolled her neck and walked down the beach access pathway to the back of the house. The pool looked inviting, but she didn’t think her legs would cope with a swim. Her body had also adjusted to southern Florida’s heat and the idea of swimming in January now seemed ridiculous.
She paused by one of the blue-and-white-striped loungers to stretch. Placing her left ankle on the back of the chair, she folded her body over her long leg and winced at the pull. Her hamstrings would be paying her back big time in the morning. She was such an idiot.
Stupid Harrison Granger. He was ruining everything! 
She cut her stretching short, another insane decision, and headed for the glass doors leading into the games room. Grabbing a hand towel from the linen cupboard, she wiped her face and headed through the main entrance and up the stairs.
She was happy before. She had resigned herself to this life, but now… 
Flinging her towel into the laundry hamper, she walked through her large closet and into the bathroom. With a huff, she sat on the lid of the toilet to undo her shoelaces.
“Ugh, Gemma, you stink.”
Her older sister, Ruby, came through the doorway of her own walk-in closet, her delicate nose scrunched in disgust.
“I’m just about to take a shower.”
“Wait until I’ve finished my hair.”
Gemma leaned back against the cool tiles and watched Ruby pull out the hair dryer, styling her dark locks with precision. If people at school thought Gemma was pretty, they thought Ruby was stunning. The girl had model written all over her and she knew it. 
Her curvy frame was wedged into a pair of skintight jeans and a purple top with a plunging neckline. Her voluptuous breasts were pushed together by a lacy purple bra that could just be detected through the fine fabric of her shirt. 
Looking at Ruby dressed that way made Gemma all too aware of her non-existent breasts. She had always loved being small chested, it was easier for training, but every now and then she wished for some shape. She could never look sexy. 
“Hot date tonight?” 
Ruby wrapped the cord back around the hair dryer and grinned. “You need to ask?”
“Who is he?”
“Marcus Wright. You know, the tall blond with longish hair and muscly arms.”
Gemma could picture him strutting the hallways like a peacock. He was an egotistical, second-string quarterback with the annoying habit of pointing and winking at the pretty girls. Ruby would make a meal of him.
“So, what are you telling Mom?”
“That I’m out with Jenny and the girls.” 
Gemma bent her head to hide the cringe. She had never been able to lie to her parents the way Ruby and Dom did. They’d made an art form of straight-in-the-face fallacies. They always looked so innocent and sincere too. Gemma sometimes hated them for it, but the feeling never lasted. She didn’t want to be a liar, which is why she sucked so badly at it.
“What are you doing?” Ruby fiddled with her bangs until each hair stood exactly where it was supposed to.
“Not sure. Are Mom and Dad home?”
“Mom got back from the lab an hour ago and Dad’s due home at seven.”
“In that case, I might go to the movies.”
“By yourself again?” Ruby frowned. “Gemmy, how are we even related?”
She bit the corner of her lip as Ruby opened her make up drawer and pulled out various products. So much for taking a shower.
Dominic’s large form appeared in the doorway. Unlike Ruby, he was still wearing the same clothes he’d been slouching in all day.
“Rubes, I just spoke to Marcus. We’re doubling.”
“What? No we’re not!”
“It’s the only way I could get Angie to say yes, okay?” He walked into the room and checked his hair in the mirror. “Don’t get your panties in a twist, we’ll split after dinner. I need some time to turn that shy little redhead into the woman she was born to be.”
“Oh puke.” Ruby snapped her foundation closed and dropped it in the drawer. “I hate to break it to you, Dom baby, but you’re not that much of a stallion.”
“You’d like to think that.” 
“Whatever.”
Gemma watched from her perch on the toilet, grinning broadly. Her mother always said the twins had been squabbling since having to share a womb. Ruby had nothing on Dom’s size, but she was feisty, which made for an even match. 
What people would never know is the lengths the twins would go to for each other. Secretly, they were each other’s best friends.
“Hey, slim.” Dom knuckled the top of her head.
She flicked his hand off and punched him lightly in the stomach. He blocked her blow with a laugh and knuckled her hair again. She smoothed it back with a dignified smile.
“How was the run?”
“Faster than yesterday.”
“Nice.” Dom smiled. “Ask Ruby how her run went?”
“Shut up. I’ll go tomorrow morning.”
“Don’t we have training with Dad tomorrow?”
“Oh crap!” Ruby shoved the brush back into her mascara. “I forgot. Can you guys just tell Dad I ran anyway, please?”
“What was your time?” Dom folded his arms at Ruby’s black look. “You know he’ll ask.”
“Just make it three minutes slower than Gemma’s.”
Dom looked at his little sister. 
“I actually ran nineteen minutes today.”
“For five miles?” His eyes bulged. “Who was chasing you?”
“I pushed too hard.” She bit her lip. “Dad’ll be annoyed.”
“Okay, fine.” Ruby turned to face them both. “Dom, you ran your usual twenty-four, I was twenty-seven, and golden girl over there can be twenty-three. Everybody happy?”
Dom looked a little miffed, but he couldn’t deny that Gemma was now beating him regularly. She squashed the pride that rose in her chest then bit her lip.
“It’s only a baby lie, slim. You can do it.”
She cleared her throat. “You know I suck at lying.”
“That’s just because you don’t try hard enough.” Ruby stretched her lips wide to apply her lip pencil.
Gemma huffed and Dom placed his hand on her shoulder. “Once you know the tricks of the trade it gets easier. You just have to practice.”
“I don’t want to—”
“Gem, sweetie.” Ruby opened her lipstick tube. “The only way to survive in this family is to learn the art of falsehood. Think of it as acting. We’re just playing the role of normal teenagers.”
“But we’re not normal.”
“Well we can at least try to be!” 
Gemma looked away as Ruby’s eyes flashed down at her. “Anyway, that rule doesn’t apply to Mom and Dad. You shouldn’t be lying to them.”
“If we didn’t lie we’d be as friendless as you. Mom and Dad’s expectations are unrealistic. No dating until college? Seriously?” Closing her makeup drawer, Ruby turned her face from side to side, admiring the reflection.
“Ignore Ruby. If you’re happy how you are, Gem, stay that way. We all do what we do to survive.”
He gave her knee a quick horse bite and left.
Gemma rubbed her knee and looked back at Ruby.
“You look really pretty.”
“Thanks, sweetie.” Appeased, Ruby shone her a bright smile and headed out the door.
Gemma listened to it click behind her sister before rising from her seat and turning on the shower. Since she wasn’t meeting anyone, she had the luxury of having the longest shower in the world. Her indulgent smile faltered as the previous thought reentered her brain. She wasn’t meeting anyone. She was never meeting anyone.
Thanks to her porcupine behavior at school, no one dared approach her; even Dom and Ruby had stopped inviting her to their senior soirées. The only person who smiled at her in school was Mr. Lomax. The guy was in his late forties.
Gemma, you’re such a loser!
She ran her hand under the spray to check the temperature and went to take off her smelly clothes.
Harrison spoke to you today.
She frowned.
He seemed interested.
Her frown deepened and she shut off the water. Drying her hand on her towel, she hung it over the rail and knocked on Ruby’s door.
Her sister was standing in her closet debating various shoe options. 
“Can we talk?” Gemma squeezed past her and perched on the edge of her bed.
“What’s up, stinky?” 
“I just had one question.” Gemma picked up one of the many teddy bears and stroked its soft ear. “When you’re with… well, if you were kissing a guy or maybe holding his hand. Did… does it…”
“Does it what?”
“Does it ever feel like your skin’s on fire?”
Ruby looked up from her shoe collection and thought for a minute. “I guess if it gets kind of intense my skin feels hot.”
“I mean—”
“But then you have to ease back. Never have sex, Gem. That’s one of the golden rules. You can mess around, but you need to keep the relationship casual and breakable. If you start falling for a guy, you want to tell him things.”
Gemma’s mouth went dry as Ruby’s expression lost all its playfulness.
“Why are you asking?”
“No reason, I—”
Ruby’s right brow arched and her eyes narrowed. Gemma blushed and looked down. 
A sharp knock on the door saved her life. Before Ruby could respond, Penelope Hart breezed into the room. Even in casual wear the woman looked like a high-class lady. Her black hair was pulled into a precise ponytail at the nape of her neck. Her penetrating blue eyes, highlighted with perfectly applied makeup, missed nothing.
“Gemma, you really shouldn’t be sitting on Ruby’s bed when you smell that bad.”
Gemma gave her a meek smile and stood. She took her time returning the teddy bear to its rightful place, praying her mother couldn’t read minds. One whiff of Harrison Granger and her parents would come down on her with the wrath of Hades. 
Well, that’s what she thought anyway.
“My, my, Ruby Hart. Don’t you look a treat.”
“Thanks, Mom.” Ruby grinned as she pushed her foot into a high-heeled sandal.
“Where are you off to?”
“Just out with the girls. I think Dom’s trailing along too.”
“Hmmm. Make sure he keeps those hands to himself. You know what he’s like around girls.”
“Oh, Mom. You know he’d never break the rules.” Ruby kissed her mother’s cheek and squeezed her arm.
Gemma knew she shouldn’t be surprised by her sister’s award-winning performance; the twins had been doing it for years. She just didn’t understand how her parents bought it so easily. The one time she’d lied to her parents about drinking a can of Coke they had read her in a snap and made her write a two-page essay on the evil liquid. She was totally grossed out, so the punishment worked, plus she’d never tried to bend the rules again. The look of disappointment on her father’s face had been crushing.
“Gemma, what are you up to sweetheart?”
“I’m going to the movies.”
“With friends?” Penelope looked hopeful.
“Uhh…” Gemma sighed and shook her head.
“Gemma. When we moved up to Ponte Vedra Beach last year you begged us not to pull you out of St. Augustine High. Remember?”
She nodded.
“You said you found it hard enough to make friends and you didn’t want to be the new kid again.”
“It wasn’t just for me. Dom and Ruby didn’t want to leave either.”
“Yes, but you were the only one who convinced your father to buy you that wretched bike to commute with.”
Gemma blushed. Her one triumph. She still couldn’t believe her father had said yes.
“The point is, you’ve been at the same school for nearly three years now and your status remains the same.” Penelope placed a delicate hand on her shoulder. “You stand out when you’re friendless. People think you’re weird.”
“I’ll go to one of those end-of-the-run arty movies tonight. No one else will even be in the theater.”
Her mother shook her head. “All I’m asking is that you make a few casual acquaintances. Isn’t there anyone you can call?”
Gemma’s brow wrinkled as she shook her head. A look of sympathy flickered over Penelope’s face as she reached for her daughter’s chin.
“You don’t need to be afraid. We’ve raised you to trust your instincts. You can lie as well as the rest of us. We know you won’t break the oath.”
“That’s not what happened last time.”
Her mother smiled. “We put out those fires.”
“We moved to the other side of the country and I was grounded for two months.”
 “Which I still think was way harsh, it’s not like she told on purpose.” Ruby examined her complete effect in the full-length mirror. 
Penelope frowned, but let the comment slide. “Gemma, that was three years ago. You’ve matured a lot since then. Now stop punishing yourself.”
“I’m not punishing myself, I just don’t want to screw up again.”
“You won’t. If anything, you’re screwing up by not making any friends. Unless you have aspirations of becoming a hermit, you need to start engaging in human interactions now.”
Gemma frowned.
“We trust you.”
“I don’t want to lie to my friends.”
 “Well, you don’t have any, so that’s okay.”
“Ruby! Shhh.” Her mother’s stern expression dropped away as she turned back to face Gemma.
“Please, Mom, I’m happier this way.”
“Your father and I are not. We want to see a little more effort. You’re not doing us any favors by being the school freak. People just gossip about you and then they get curious.”
“I hardly think anyone’s going to guess the truth.” 
“That’s not the point, Ruby. If the truth gets out, it puts our family in a very dangerous position. Now, Gemma, next time you head off to the movies, I want you to be going with a friend.”
“Yes ma’am.” She pasted on that good girl smile that always made her mother nod with satisfaction. It worked.

Chapter Four
St. Augustine, Florida - 2011 AD

It was seven o’clock when Harrison entered the mall. Most of the stores were closed for the night, except for the eateries. He walked past Antonio’s and sniffed, wishing he’d stopped there instead of grabbing a cheeseburger and Coke at Burger King. A thick slice of Italian pizza with the works would have gone down nicely.
Next time.
Stepping onto the escalator, he rode it to the top, enjoying the art of people watching. Behind him, there was a young couple with their hands in each other’s back pockets, giggling over a shared milkshake. There was a frazzled father with three exuberant children in front of him. They were all talking at once and squabbling over which movie to see. Harrison didn’t bother hiding his grin as he stepped past the man and headed to the ticket counter.
As usual, he had beaten Darren and the girls. He decided to go ahead and buy everyone’s tickets so they could at least get good seats. Stepping into line, he scanned the times and titles. Death’s Doorway was playing hourly over the weekend. Checking his watch, he decided to go for the seven-thirty session; everyone should have arrived by then.
He pulled out his wallet and grabbed some cash, then glanced up and felt his insides jolt. Two ahead of him in the line was the girl he’d been thinking about all day. He subconsciously rubbed his fingers together as he watched her. 
Gemma smoothed back her hair and ran a hand down her long, braided ponytail. It swung down her back like a pendulum. Clearing her throat, she stepped up to the ticket counter and spoke too softly for Harrison to hear. 
Please be Death’s Doorway.
She gave the teller a shy smile then took her bottled water and headed towards the theaters. Harrison strained to see which way she was heading, annoyed that she disappeared out of sight before his turn.
Changing his mind, he bought just one ticket and raced toward the theaters. There were six doorways to choose from. He’d check every one if he had to. Harrison opened the first door to a loud scream and squeal of tires. Racing up the ramp, he checked the screen to make sure it wasn’t a preview and was happy to eliminate the movie so quickly.
He got lucky in the second theater as well, although glimpsed the end of Death’s Doorway. Darren would not be impressed. He had already predicted the ending and he was totally wrong.
Harrison paused outside the third theater and saw it was some foreign film. He nearly skipped over it, but it would only take a second to check.
Racing up the ramp, he saw the opening titles were just beginning so he popped his head around the corner. Gemma was sitting near the back, her slender legs perched on the seat in front of her. She had the theater to herself.
Harrison ran his hands through his hair and smiled. Taking a breath, he thought casual and sauntered up the steps. She spotted him immediately. Her eyes narrowed with suspicion then popped wide with recognition.
“Hey.” He sidled down the row and plopped down beside her.
She jerked away when he leaned against their shared armrest.
“Are you… Are you stalking me?”
His laughter was rich as he lifted his hands. “Hey, I like…” he gazed at the screen and squinted. “Rice… dis… him… him…”
“Risse des Himmels. It means Tears of Heaven.”
“Of course it does.”  He adjusted his jacket and shuffled down in his seat, stretching his legs out like Gemma’s.
She brought her legs down and sat up straight. He responded to her sidelong frown with a broad smile. 
Her lips twitched. “I never pegged you for the foreign film type.”
“We’ve spoken less than fifty words to each other, you have no idea what my type is.”
She looked skeptical then took a long swig from her water bottle, no doubt trying to hide her expression.
“Okay, fine.” Harrison sat up and leaned towards her. “Truth is, I was supposed to be seeing Death’s Doorway, but when I saw you ahead of me in the line I realized I’d rather hang with you.”
Her skepticism morphed to torment.
“Not a line, I swear.” He shuffled around in his chair again, striving for casualness. “So why are you in here?”
“Because I like depressing German love stories.”
He shot her a dry look.
She rolled her eyes and sighed. “Because it’s two hours in a dark room where no one is looking at me or expecting anything from me. It’s uninterrupted peace.”
His bottom lip popped out in thoughtfulness as he nodded. “I get that.”
“Really?”
“Having the movie theater to yourself must help.”
“Yeah, it usually does.”
He chuckled at her derisive expression then turned back to the screen. He wasn’t sure why it felt so good to be near her. Maybe it was the fact she smelled like Apple Blossom shampoo. Or maybe it was the fact he could see how perfect her skin was or pick up on the way her nose twitched and her eyes blinked when she was trying to concentrate but failing.
She turned to speak to him a couple of times, but chickened out. He tried not to laugh. Her awkwardness was endearing. For reasons he didn’t understand, he remained quiet and focused on reading the subtitles.
The movie could be easily classed as tedious. The dialogue was lengthy and the action sparse. From what he could tell the blonde chick was in love with a tall Jewish man, but World War II was imminent. Would their love survive against these impossible odds? He cringed. If Gemma didn’t talk soon, this was going to be the longest two hours of his life.
The blonde was stealing a forbidden kiss when the brunette beside him finally spoke up.
“So, I see you managed to make it safely back to your car this morning.”
“Yeah, I saw you speeding away.”
“Jordan and his apes went the opposite direction to the parking lot. Lucky for you.”
Harrison smiled.
“Why was he after you?”
“Ugh! He thinks I like his sister.”
“Dana? You do hang out with her a lot.” 
“Only because she won’t leave me alone.”
The screen lit with a sunshine shot, letting Harrison glimpse Gemma’s brief smile. 
“Well, unless she does, Jordan’s going to keep coming after you. He won’t do it at school. He can’t afford to get into any more fights, but if you see him out in public again, walk the other way.”
“Or…” Harrison sat up straight. “You could show me some moves.”
Gemma laughed at his comical expression. The melodic sound was swallowed down when she caught herself. She cleared her throat and looked back to the screen.
“Come on, please.” Harrison tugged on her sleeve. “Nothing much, just enough to slow him down.”
Gemma nibbled on her lip, smoothed back her hair then stood and inched passed him.
“Oh come on, don’t go.”
“I’m not.” She turned back with a frown. Shuffling out to the aisle, she descended the stairs and stood in the open floor space in front of the screen. “Are you coming?”
He jumped from his seat and trotted down to meet her. She took off her hoodie and stood before him, feet apart, stance strong.
Taking off his jacket, he threw it on the floor and tried not to stare at how divine she looked in her tight jeans and fitted black tee.
“Okay, what do you know?” She lifted her chin at him.  
“What do you mean?”
Her eyebrow arched and she tipped her head as if to say, “Are you stupid?”
“Oh. Um…” Harrison shook out his arms, then bunched his fists and raised them up like a boxer. “I know I have to protect my upper body.”
“Your face.” Gemma pushed his elbows up so his hands hovered in front of his face. “Now punch me.”
“What?” Harrison dropped his hands and shook his head.
“You won’t hurt me. I’ll block you.” She pulled his hands back up to his face. Her eyes flickered as the fire feeling no doubt raced through her digits as well.
Bunching his fists, he winced a little then drove his right hand toward her.
She flicked it away with a pitying frown. “Would you try, please. Come on.” She slapped him hard on the arm then raised her own fists. “Hit me.”
He took a short breath and punched hard. She grabbed his fist in a vice grip and pushed his hand away. 
“Harder. Bring the force through your body.” She ran her hand up his torso and down the length of his arm to demonstrate.
Narrowing his eyes, he tried again. She blocked the right hand blow with her forearm, twisting it around to lock his hand by her side. He was totally exposed.  He tried to pull away, but she held him fast.
“Now I have a few options here.” Her eyes sparked with amusement. “I could either pull you towards me and head butt you, which is effective, but a little brutal. And if you get it wrong it hurts like hell.”
He grinned.
“I could also punch you in the face or throat. Or I could grab your shoulder and pull you forward to knee you in the groin. But most likely, I’d go for your gut. It’s soft, my hand stays unharmed, and you get winded.” She demonstrated the move in slow motion. Their breath mingled as they turned to look at each other.
She jerked back, releasing him. 
Clearing her throat, she took a step away and swung her long braid over her shoulder to cover her collarbone. “It’s your best option with Jordan, because of his height and build. Once he’s bent over holding his gut, you can bring your knee up to his face. That’ll daze him enough for you to get away.”
“And if his buddies are with him?”
Her eyes went wide. “Don’t you dare try this if his buddies are with him! You run like you did this morning. I’m not teaching you this stuff so you can be a hero. The best option is to run. These basics will just give you a chance to do that.”
“Okay, okay.” He raised his hands and smiled.
The theater was pretty dark, but he was sure he spotted a faint blush as she bent her head.
“So, I don’t suppose you mind running through that again, do you?”
She looked up at the screen, nibbled on her lip as if fighting a smile then gave a small shrug. “Arms up, soldier.”
He did as commanded. They practiced and laughed their way through the passionate love scene, the tearful argument, and the screaming separation of the characters on screen. 
Gemma corrected Harrison’s technique with each hit, forcing the best from him. He could sense she was holding back. By the ease in which she taught him and the fluid movement of her body, it was clear she was an expert fighter. He wondered how long she had been doing this kind of thing. 
The image of a pint-sized Gemma dressed in karate gear at the age of five made him smile and nearly scored him a fist in the face.
“Sorry!” Gemma pulled back. “Crap, Harrison, you need to concentrate or I’m going to damage you.”
His smile was coy as he ran a hand through his blond hair. “I think it’s safe to assume that even if I was concentrating, you could damage me.” He didn’t want to admit how much of a turn on that was.
They both blushed.
“You’re fast.” He smiled. She frowned. “Your Dad must be a really good teacher.”
Her chuckle twittered with nerves. “He loves this stuff.”
A loud scream from the screen made Gemma look up. The heroine was running across a field toward a bleeding body. Dropping to her knees, she lifted his head into her lap and stroked his graying skin.
“You really know how to pick ‘em, don’t you, Hart? Talk about your feel-gooder.”
A giggle exploded from her lips. The smile spread over her face, turning it to sunshine. “That’s just what Dom would say.” She shook her head. 
“Your brother. He a movie fan?”
“Oh yeah. Last night he made me sit through a four-hour Jackie Chan fest.”
“I love Jackie Chan!” Harrison jumped up on his toes and started dancing around like a martial arts idiot.
Gemma laughed. “You’re ridiculous.”
He aimed a high kick at her waist. She caught his ankle and tugged. He thumped to the floor with a groan. “You are cruel.” 
Her laughter was nervous, her expression a little guilty as she held out her hand to help him up.
He grabbed it, but didn’t let go when he was hauled to his feet. She looked up with surprise and tried to jerk away. He held fast until she relented, then rubbed his thumb over her knuckles, sending warm licks of flame up his arm.
She gazed down at their connection then up at his face.
“Want to go somewhere?” He spoke softly.
Her eyes flickered with uncertainty and she tried to pull her hand away. 
“I know a great spot on the beach. There’s this huge pine tree. When you climb to the top, it’s like you can see Heaven. Up there with nothing but the ocean for a soundtrack, you can believe you’re the only person on the planet.”
“I…”
“It’s also slightly more soothing than screaming German.”
She smiled then caught her lip beneath her teeth. Her eyes traveled down to their hands then over the carpet and up to the screen before settling back on his face. Her pained expression gradually morphed to a nervous smile. Her nod was almost imperceptible and then everything changed.
Whipping her hand free, she stepped away from him. Her eyebrows were bunched together, her expression tormented. 
“What’s wrong?”
“I have to go.” 
“What?”
Running up the stairs, she collected her bag and threw it over her shoulder. 
“Wait a second. What did I do?”
“Nothing. It’s not you.”
She fumbled her water bottle and banged into one of the seats as she stumbled out to the aisle. He strode up the stairs and grabbed her arm as she tried to sail past him. With lightning moves she threw him back into the seats.
Her expression was so anguished he felt his breath catch. 
“I’m sorry,” she whispered before dashing down the stairs.
“So am I.” He knew she didn’t hear him—she was long gone. 
Rubbing his hands together, he tried to extinguish the fire. It no longer felt warm and inviting.
Stomping down the stairs, Harrison collected his jacket and headed for the exit. He pushed open the door to the strains of final music and turned to glimpse the heroine, dressed in black, sobbing over a gravestone.

Harrison wandered back to the main foyer, his brain a mix of confused disappointment and anger. He was more annoyed with himself than anything. Hadn’t he specifically said no girlfriends? Wasn’t he the one that had gone on about keeping everything casual? 
You’re such an idiot.
He never should have asked her to the beach. Pulling on his jacket with a sneer, he shoved his hands in his pockets and made for the escalators.
“Harrison!”
He spun at the sound of his name. Hiding his disappointment when he saw Dana and her posse running toward him was hard work. Darren trailed along behind them, obviously surprised.
“Where were you, man? I texted like three times.”
“Sorry, I got the time wrong. I thought we were going to the late session.” The lie came easy, which wasn’t something he was proud of. “Was the movie good?”
“The ending sucked, but the effects were pretty cool.”
“Wish I hadn’t missed it.” Another easy lie. He crossed his arms and forced a smile.
“We’ll just have to go again sometime.” Dana squeezed his forearm.
Harrison pushed out a half-hearted laugh and uncrossed his arms. Stepping out of reach, he looked over at Darren. “Well, you guys want to do something now?”
“We’re going to Dairy Queen. It’s blizzard time.” Darren’s eyebrows wiggled.
“I’m in.” Harrison turned toward the exit once more, ignoring the thought that the beach and Gemma would have been a thousand times better.
Dana skipped over to him and threaded her arms through his. “Can I ride with you?” Her smile was sultry. “I just love your car.”
“Sure.” He coughed and forced another grin. He really wanted to drop his arm and step out of Dana’s clutches, but he knew that would be rude and didn’t want to make his evening worse by pissing her off. He studied the people around them to distract himself from the feel of Dana’s little fingers fiddling with his jacket sleeve.
Gemma came into view and he nearly stopped in his tracks. A stern frown crossed his face, but it fled. She looked tired. She rubbed her forehead and smoothed back her ponytail, which was no longer braided. Her clothes looked as though they’d been hastily pulled on, but that was probably his imagination. She just looked out of sorts.
Maybe she felt guilty about ditching him. He hoped so, then instantly regretted the feeling. Stepping onto the escalator, he stood five stairs above her. Dana was prattling on about something, but her words were fuzzy. All he could think about was how much he wanted to chase the mysterious Hart girl down, ask her if she was okay… wrap her in a hug.
He shook his head. Was he insane?
Just drive Dana for ice cream, smile, joke, nod, be happy. Take her home and leave before Jordan sees you. You might also want to mention, yet again, that you just want to be friends. At least you have a valid reason now. 
Not that he’d tell her that. Harrison winced. In less than twenty-four hours his heart had been captured. He had a feeling the siege would be a long one.
Granger, you’re pathetic.
He stepped off the escalator with a black frown. There was no denying it. A night that was supposed to be fun had taken a turn for the best then a severe downward slide for the worst.

Chapter Five
Ponte Vedra Beach, Florida - 2011 AD

The training room felt hot and stuffy. Gemma wiped her brow and brought her fists up to protect her face. Staying on the balls of her feet, she circled Dom, watching his muscles twitch and jerk, trying to predict his next move.
They had been at this since seven-thirty that morning and Gemma was over it before they’d even begun. She usually didn’t mind family training sessions, but not today. Not when images of Harrison’s disappointed expression kept popping into her head.
Dom’s fist shot toward her; she blocked the blow and moved to strike, but he was in the zone and countered her attack. She spun behind him, giving herself space and time to focus. 
This sucked! She cringed to think of what Harrison must be saying about her to his friends. He and Darren were probably together right now, playing XBox and laughing about what a freak she was. 
A bright pain tore up her jawbone. She grunted and fell to the ground, grabbing her chin.
“Oh my g… Sorry. Gem, are you okay?”
Her brother was on his knees beside her, rolling her to face him.
“Dominic! This is only training!” Alistair Hart shoved his son out of the way and moved Gemma’s hand in order to examine the damage.
“I’m fine, Dad.” Gemma sat up, wiped her chin, and saw there was no blood. At least the bruising would be gone before school tomorrow.
“I was expecting her to block that.” Dom pointed at his sister. “Didn’t you see it coming?”
She rubbed her forehead.
“Gemma, you’re not concentrating.” Her father’s reprimands always stung.
“I’m sorry.”
Smoothing her hair back, she looked up and was surrounded. Dom looked guilty, Ruby looked amused. Her father’s eyes were narrowed and her mother was hovering with that annoying “you better have an explanation for this behavior” look.
“I’m tired. I didn’t sleep well last night.”
“Why? Are you sick? You’re taking your vitamins, aren’t you?”
She nodded at her mother’s barrage of questions, but the woman wouldn’t let up.
“Is something stressing you out at school? What happened last night to make you tense? Is something going on that we need to know about?”
“Mom! Would you give her break. I don’t sleep well after a midnight debrief either.”
At that moment, Gemma would have handed Ruby a platter of stars if she’d been able to. She shot her a quick smile. Ruby’s wink was subtle as she stood up.
“Alright, everyone.” Alistair offered his youngest daughter a hand up. “Let’s take a fifteen-minute break. Go get a drink, take a time out. I want you all back here at ten hundred and we’re going to practice this until we get it right.”
Gemma looked over her father’s shoulder and watched the twins roll their eyes and stifle groans behind his back. She didn’t know whether they were blaming her for the extended training session or not, but she didn’t want to stick around and have their black looks aimed at her. Grabbing a towel, she wiped her face and tore up the stairs to her room.
Slamming the door behind her, she fell on her bed and gazed up at the ceiling. She blinked at the moisture building in her eyes and covered her face with the towel when the door crept open.
It was shut quietly behind her visitor. Gemma didn’t want to look. She felt the bed shift beneath her as she was joined.
“So, what’s up, grumpy pants?”
“Ruby, leave me alone.”
“Not gonna happen, you may as well 'fess up now.”
Ruby pulled the towel from her sister’s face and threw it across the room. Gemma watched it land on the lip of the laundry hamper. Gravity won and pulled the towel to the floor. She resisted the urge to stand and pick it up. Their mother hated mess.
Ruby placed an ice pack on Gemma’s throbbing jaw. She winced at the cold but held it in place.
“I have a problem.”
“No kidding.” Ruby’s mockery made Gemma smile. 
“I like a guy.”
Her sister gasped and sat up with bright eyes. “I knew it! I knew you had a crush on someone. You’ve been all weird and moody for months now. Who is it?”
Gemma cringed. “Harrison Granger.”
Ruby looked thoughtful for a minute then grinned. “Yeah, I think I know him. He is cute. A little skinny, but cute.” 
Gemma rolled onto her side with a groan.
“So what’s the problem?” 
“Ruby, don’t ask me that! You know what the problem is.”
“Not really.”
Punching her pillow with a loud huff, Gemma flicked Ruby’s hand off her shoulder. 
“I never expected him to talk to me. I thought if he ever did he’d be as weirded out as everyone else, but he’s…” She turned to look at her sister. “He’s really nice.” Rolling back with a frown, she sniffed. “And I so can’t go there! Why did he have to talk to me? Why couldn’t he leave me alone?”
Ruby was silent while Gemma stewed. She could only imagine what her sister was thinking. She was probably trying really hard not to laugh behind her back. Gemma couldn’t bear to look, so kept her face stuffed into the pillow. 
Eventually her sister sighed and placed a tender hand on her shoulder. “Gem, this is high school. You only get one shot and you’re completely wasting it. You need to go for this guy. Have some fun.”
“How? Mom and Dad will see right through me and I don’t trust myself to—”
“You’ve always been the perfect daughter. They won’t expect you to break the rules. Mom even said she wanted you to make a friend.”
“I don’t think she had Harrison Granger in mind when she said that.”
“So what? She’ll never find out.”
Gemma winced. 
“Look, sweetie, you need to enjoy the opportunities that are coming your way now. I know you hate lying and that’s why you push people away, but look how miserable you are. You can’t spend the rest of your life trying to make Mom and Dad happy. At some point you need to decide when this life belongs to you.”
Ruby squeezed her shoulder and pulled her around so they were face to face.
“You don’t see Dom and I moping around every weekend. We know we can never get too close, but we can get close enough to have a little fun… and you don’t have to lie to your friends, just avoid the subject of who we are.”
“But I’ve screwed up before.”
“Once! You were thirteen! She was your best friend. It was all new and you were trying to process it.”
“What if she’d believed me? What if she’d told someone else?”
“But she didn’t.”
Gemma’s eyes filled with instant tears. “No, she didn’t.” 
She would never forget the look on Zoey’s face after she’d told her. Her best friend’s voice had dripped with disdain at Gemma’s excuse for bailing on her. You know, I never thought you’d lie to me. She’d shaken her head and turned to leave. If you don’t want to be my friend anymore, you should have the guts to say so. Then she’d left and three days later the moving company had arrived.
“I don’t want to hurt him. I don’t want to lie. I want to be in a relationship where I can be myself.”
“Relationship? Sweetie, chillax! We’re talking about a casual fling here. And stop putting such a negative twist on the whole lying thing.” Ruby lay down, one arm resting behind her head. “Do you remember the legend that Mom used to tell us when we were kids…about the electus?”
“The chosen ones.”
“Yeah, well, you know how their mother was killed and then they faded to gold dust, but returned and everything was back to normal? Lucia was alive again.”
Gemma nodded.
“Well when they told Lucia about it, she knew right away that they held a powerful gift that needed protecting. So the village made an oath to guard their skills…and it wasn’t just any oath, it was a blood oath. Secrecy was paramount to their survival.”
“Why are you telling me this?”
“Because I’m trying to make a point.” She turned to face her sister. “Secrets are not always a bad thing, Gem. The oath needs to be honored or people get hurt.”
“You’re talking about Decimus, aren’t you?”
Ruby nodded at Gemma’s referral to the seventh member of the electus. According to legend, the seven babes had simply appeared on earth around 150BC. As they had grown, the three girls had fallen in love with the three boys. Decimus was the only one left without a mate…the black sheep that Gemma dreaded becoming.
“I don’t want to make that same mistake he did.”
“But you won’t. You’ve had years of this stuff shoveled down your throat. Your first instinct is to protect your family…and that’s what you’ll do.” 
Gemma gazed up at the ceiling, tortured.
“Do what I do, Gem. Don’t think of it as lying. Think of it as protecting the ones you love.”
“That’s why I push people away, Rube, because I love you guys.”
“Yes…and we love you too, which is why you need to stop hiding and go enjoy your life. It’s not like you’re proposing marriage. We’re just talking a couple of dates and a few kisses. Go to the movies, make out a little. Enjoy it.”
Gemma felt a smile tugging at her lips. She shuffled her body and swung her arm around her sister. “Thanks, Ruby.” 
“Girls! Break’s over!”
They both groaned then giggled as they sat up.
“Ready to go kick Dom’s butt?”
“Always. I heard Dad mention pulling out the weapons later too. We can broad sword his ass.”
This sent them into fits of giggles as they wove their way through the house and down into the basement for another round of training.

*****

Gemma felt lighter when she woke the next morning. She took her time getting ready, choosing her skinny jeans and brown leather boots for a change. She tied her hair back into its usual ponytail and ignored Ruby’s suggestion of a little makeup. There were still lines that needn’t be crossed.
She felt confident that the day would go well. Everything had been planned. She would find a way to casually bump into Harrison, then she’d smile, say hi, and maybe even throw in a comment about seeing him in History. This small exchange would win his forgiveness and they could begin one of those smile-and-wave friendships that would slowly grow. It would be perfect.
She drove through the school gates and spotted her heart’s desire getting out of his Stingray. He pulled the shades off his face and tossed them onto the dashboard. Reaching back inside, he grabbed his book bag, flung it over his shoulder, and ran a hand through his waves of thick hair.
Gemma let out a dreamy sigh, caught herself, and frowned, knowing she had spent the morning in la-la land. Have fun with this guy? Was that some kind of joke? Not even a whole movie spent together and she knew the prospect of falling for him was inevitable. An unconscious smile spread over her lips as she remembered his Jackie Chan moves.
She watched him ascend the stairs with an arm wrapped around his stepsister’s neck. He must have been hassling her about something because she wiggled free and gave him a firm punch in the arm. He laughed and made some other comment that revealed her two neat rows of braces. 
The metal smile disappeared when Dana and Chelsea called Harrison’s name and rushed up the stairs toward him. Gemma knew how Rosie felt. Pulling her key from the ignition, she got off her bike and grabbed her bag. The bell was ringing as she snuck in the back door and headed for homeroom.

*****

The whole casual bumping into Harrison thing was going to be harder than Gemma thought. She knew he had Italian second period so scuttled through the halls hoping to catch him coming out, but she was too late. As she neared his locker, she saw him surrounded by Darren and the girls. She’d rather die than draw their attention.
She stood watching them for a moment then saw Harrison’s head turn in her direction. Taking the chicken’s way out, she whipped through the bathroom door and made a beeline for the back stall. Five minutes should be enough time for them to disperse. She didn’t care if she was late to class.
With a huff of self-disdain she plonked down on the lid of the toilet and dropped her face in her hands, resisting the urge to scream.
“It was so pathetic. I swear he was checking her out. He was supposed to be driving me home, but he couldn’t keep his goo-goo eyes off the freak show.”
Gemma recognized Dana’s voice. Her muscles tensed in response. 
“She was walking right in front of us. It was kind of hard not to spot her. Anyway, who cares if he was checking her out, it’s not like you guys are dating. What’s the big deal?”
The tense pause as Courtney’s question hung unanswered in the air was physically painful. Gemma knew exactly which freak show they were talking about. 
“The big deal, Courtney, is the fact that cold little cow has caught the attention of the best asset this school has had in a long time. I don’t get it! He’s gorgeous, charming, funny, sweet and she’s…ugh…such a freak! He could do so much better!”
“Meaning you.”
Gemma picked up the third voice in the room as Chelsea’s. Her miffed tone was not to be missed.
“Or you. I mean whatever! Anything has got to be better than Hart! She could have any guy in the school, but no, she treats them all like clumps of dog poo, then Harrison turns up, completely available, and she pounces on him before any of us get a chance!”
“She’s hardly pounced. They haven’t even spoken to each other. Don’t you think you’re over-reacting?”
“Stop standing up for her, Courtney. Dana’s trying to make a point here!”
“What point?”
“The point that Little Miss Perfect doesn’t deserve him,” Dana snapped.
“I think you’re being way too harsh.” Courtney’s voice was so sweet in comparison. “She’s not as horrible as everyone thinks.”
“Are you serious?” Chelsea sounded incredulous.
Gemma felt her chest squeeze with gratitude then deflate with guilt. Wasn’t Courtney the one who always smiled at her? Gemma cringed as she thought of all the times she’d looked the other way. Dana was right. 
I am a cold cow!
“Besides, Dana, don’t you already have a boyfriend?”
“If you’re talking about Paul Hobbs, I’m going to wring your little neck, Courtney Taylor. Ugh. I could kill that guy for thinking we were an item. One drunken kiss six weeks ago and I’m still paying for it.”
One of them stifled a giggle.
“Shut up, Chelsea!”
“Sorry, Dana.”
Gemma heard the rustle of a bag being opened then the twist of a lip-gloss tube. Dana’s next words were muffled due to the makeup application and Gemma only just caught the end of it.
“…like she’s cast a spell on him.”
“You know, when she first came here, I thought she was a witch.” Chelsea giggled. 
“She probably is.”
“You guys…”
“Don’t try and deny it, Courtney. The only guy in school that’s not afraid of her is Jordan.”
“And he totally should be.” Chelsea voice always went high and fast when she was gossiping. “You know she actually broke his nose that time he tried to kiss her.”
“And a couple of ribs.”
“Dana,” Courtney huffed. “You made that part up to make the story sound better. You told me that yourself.”
“Courtney, you make me sick! If you like her so much, you go be her friend.”
“Let’s just hope for Harrison’s sake, that if they do hook up, they don’t have a lover’s tiff.” Chelsea giggled.
Gemma’s insides twisted as she listened to Dana join her on their way out of the bathroom. They were right. Harrison did deserve better. He deserved normal, sweet, easy to be with—someone who could “stay put,” so to speak. Her lips pulled into a pout as her brilliant plans from the morning turned to ash. 
Squeaking the door open, she checked the room was empty and stepped out. Staring at her perfect features, she suddenly despised them. Almost every guy at the school had made a pass at her and she’d been horrible to them all. Even Harrison. 
The door flew open, making her jump. 
“Oh, sorry. I just forgot my…” Courtney’s voice trailed off as she pointed to the bag at Gemma’s feet.
“Oh.” Gemma stepped back and let her reach for it.
Standing tall, Courtney gave her a timid smile as she hitched the bag onto her shoulder. “Were…were you just in here a second ago?”
Gemma thought about lying, but decided not to waste her breath. She nodded and looked to the floor.
“Sorry you had to hear all that. Don’t worry about Dana. She’s just jealous. I think she’s liked Harrison for as long as you have.”
Gemma looked up. “I don’t like…”
Courtney’s smile was filled with amusement. Gemma gave up the lie and shook her head.
“You know, I don’t buy everything people say about you…and I know Harrison doesn’t either.”
“Dana has a point though. I can be a cold cow.”
“Yeah.” Courtney grinned. “But you don’t have to stay that way.” She flicked one of her signature curls off her face. “I’ll see you around, Gemma.”
“See ya.” Gemma raised her hand in time to wave at the bathroom door. Turning to gaze back at the mirror, she grimaced at her image and hated that she was so afraid of normal human beings. 
They think I’m a witch?
The bell rang. Gemma collected her bag with a sigh. The light feeling from the morning had fled. She trudged to class deciding that a casual bump into Harrison could be postponed for another day, or maybe even forever.

*****

Gemma gripped the strap of her bag as she headed for the back corner of the library. Lunch had finally arrived. Only two more periods to go and then she was free to go home and wallow in self-pity for the rest of the day. 
Her muscles slowly unwound as the quiet safety of the library engulfed her. No one ever bothered with double takes in here. She had found the perfect spot and spent most lunchtimes reading on a pile of huge cushions the librarian had provided after catching her sitting repeatedly in the same cold corner. It didn’t matter what she was reading, when that bell rang she made a beeline for her spot while everyone else headed for the cafeteria.
As usual, the library was sparsely populated. Gemma smiled as the librarian gave her a wink. Weaving past the chess players, she took a left down the graphic novel aisle then a right past the wall of encyclopedias that, thanks to Google, no one bothered using anymore. She took another left into the history aisle and stopped.
“Hi.” 
Harrison glanced up from the book he was skimming. He didn’t look surprised to see her, which she found disconcerting. 
“You never come to the library,” she said.
“I’m here now.” 
“Yes, but why?”
“Because I have absolutely no self-control.”
Gemma frowned. Harrison grinned and slapped his book closed, sliding it back into place. Folding his arms, he leaned against the shelves and looked at her. She couldn’t decipher his expression. Was he happy or annoyed? Was it possible to be both at the same time? He was definitely making it look possible.
Gemma cleared her throat and gazed down at the lime green carpet, stained and fading. “I wanted to talk to you, actually. So it’s good that you’re here…”
He tipped his head. 
Her mouth opened and closed like a goldfish. She clamped her jaw shut and closed her eyes, trying to remember one of the many scenarios she’d rehearsed. “I just wanted to make sure you didn’t tell anyone about Saturday.”
“What? About the fact you ditched me with no explanation?”
“No.” Gemma felt her cheeks catch fire. “About the fighting stuff I showed you. I don’t really want anyone to know. It’s embarrassing.”
“I think it’s cool.” He shrugged.
She shook her head. “Please, don’t. It adds to my weird factor and I don’t need—”
“I won’t say anything.” He stood straight and buried his hands in his pockets. His stance was casual and relaxed.
Gemma wished she had even a quarter of his cool. She wanted to say goodbye and flee, but her feet were grounded, stuck in some invisible cement made from sheer craving.
“I’m sorry I bailed on you. It was rude.”
His expression softened. “I saw you leave the bathroom.”
Her stomach somersaulted. Did he want an explanation? 
“If you weren’t feeling well, you could have just told me.”
A chuckle burst from her mouth. It was breathy and filled with relief. She cut it short and dipped her head so he couldn’t see her grimace.
“Do you…do you want to try again sometime?”
Her head shot up at his question. “Again?”
“Yeah, maybe on Saturday.”
“Are you insane?” She hadn’t meant to say it. 
Thankfully he responded with a wry chuckle. “Yeah, I think I am.” He shook his head. “I just can’t shake the feeling that you wanted to come to the beach with me.”
Her breath caught. She wanted to scream a loud, “Yes, let’s do that every night!” but fear dictated her response. 
“I…I can’t.”
“Why not?”
All she could do was shake her head, but that didn't deter him. 
“We don’t have to go to the beach. We could go to another movie, one we don’t have to read.”
A smile jumped over her lips, but quickly fell away. “I’m not allowed to date.”
“Really?” He clicked his tongue and ran a finger along the edge of the shelf. “Well, maybe I could call your parents and ask their permission.”
“What? No! Please, don’t. Just, you…you don’t understand. I need…” She winced and shook her head, hating what she was about to say. “I need you to leave me alone.”
“I can’t.”
“Why?”
He shrugged and spread his hands as if helpless to know.
“Harrison.” She sighed and licked her lips, fighting for control of her hurricane emotions. “People don’t like me for a reason. I don’t make a good friend. You could have any girl at this school. I could name—”
“I want you.”
Her mouth went dry. Hearing those three little words, said with such pained honesty, brought the hope of life and the fear of death all in the same heartbeat. He wanted her? He actually wanted her? No one ever felt that way.
Her chest fluttered. With a happy chirp, hope found a perch in her soul. Gemma bit back the smile playing on her lips as Harrison continued his sales pitch.
“We don’t have to call it a date. We could just bump into each other again.”
Gemma looked him straight in the eye. Dana and Chelsea’s prattle from the bathroom slipped away.
He wants me.
“It doesn’t have to be a big deal. I just had fun the other night.” He shrugged. “I want to do it again.” 
She smiled. Fun. Nice, casual fun. 
I can do that.
After a little lip nibbling, she grinned. “I was thinking of going to the movies on Saturday.”
“Really?” Harrison grinned. “Me too. I thought I’d have dinner at Antonio’s first, around six.”
She wasn’t sure what power was controlling her, but her head bobbed up and down. 
“I guess I’ll see you around then.”
Gemma’s head kept bobbing. His grin broadened as he edged past her. 
“Enjoy your book, Gemma.”
She turned and watched him saunter out of sight. The light feeling from the morning returned, but she knew it would be fleeting. Before long her brain would kick in with all the reasons why she shouldn’t be doing this. She just hoped, come Saturday, her brain would be in the right mode to get her to Antonio’s.

Chapter Six
Ponte Vedra Beach, Florida - 2011 AD

Gemma ruffled her long hair and huffed. Snatching her brush from the bathroom counter, she pulled her hair back into a ponytail for the fourth time, checked her reflection for the eighteenth time, and nodded. That would have to do.
Or maybe I should just…
Pulling out her hair tie, she ran her fingers through her freed locks. Ruffling and adjusting, she fidgeted for another few moments until it sat straight and long over her shoulders. That would have to do.
Or…
“Stop this, Gemma!” Leaning toward the mirror, she ran her pinky finger over her glossy lips and frowned. “I don’t know if I can do this.”
Of course you can, you big chicken!
Pulling back from her reflection, she closed her eyes and willed whatever nerves she had left to fall in line. She was going to meet Harrison tonight whether she wanted to or not! 
Drawing in a deep breath, she ran her hands over her cotton shirt and tugged the hem to make sure it sat right. She ignored the urge to chew her lip as she inspected her final choice of attire. Ruby had wanted to “help” her get ready tonight, but Gemma had refused after being offered a variety of garments she wouldn’t be caught dead in. Much to Ruby’s chagrin, Gemma had settled on a pair of dark jeans, her white button-down shirt with the large collar, and her thick black belt. As a way of shutting her sister up, she had consented to some light makeup. The end result was satisfying, but did nothing to calm the butterflies feasting on her stomach. 
She’d be surprised if she had a stomach left after the evening. What to wear was the least of her problems. Getting out of the house without setting off alarm bells was the next hurdle and she had no idea how she was going to do it. Glancing at her reflection one last time, she hastily tied back her hair in its standard ponytail and left before making any more changes.
Gemma kept her steps light and innocent as she entered the kitchen. She was sure her mother would see straight through her pathetic attempt at casualness.
“What’s up with you?” Her mother’s eyebrow rose.
“Nothing.” Gemma drummed her fingers on the counter.
“You look as if you’re dressed to go out.”
“Well…I am.” Gemma’s teeth jumped for the inside of her cheek.
Penelope’s eyes narrowed. A small smile danced across her lips. “Where?”
“To dinner.”
“By yourself?”
“No.” Gemma swallowed. “I’m…well, I… I’m going to…with a friend.”
“You have a friend?!?”
A loud noise exploded from the corner of the room. Both women turned to look at Dominic who was quickly hunting for a cloth, having sprayed his mouthful of drink over most of the floor. His shoulders shook with mirth. Gemma shot him a dagger stare. He countered with a charming wink.
Ignoring her son’s vulgar display, Penelope turned back to her youngest with narrowed eyes. “Gemma, what’s going on?”
“Well… I took your advice and I…I’ve made a friend.”
“Really?” Penelope’s surprised smile made Gemma blush.
“Yeah, I mean, it’s just recent, but…”
“Sweetheart, I’m proud of you.” 
Gemma returned her mother’s smile before feeling her insides turn to Jell-O.
“Well, tell me about her. What’s her name?”
Gemma licked her lips slowly and looked at the floor. 
How am I supposed to tell her it’s a him?
She saw the scene play out in slow motion. Her mother’s smile would slide from her face, her brows would crease, then by some form of magic she’d suddenly be wearing a Gestapo uniform and pacing the kitchen with a horse whip in her hand, slapping it against her palm as she interrogated her daughter.
Gulping down her fear, she tried to think of what Ruby always said. 
“It’s not a date, Mom. I don’t even like him that way. It’s just a bunch of us going to the movies.”
That excuse worked for Ruby because she defined popularity. She was pretty, teasingly evasive, and could turn any situation into a party. Everyone at school liked her. 
Gemma cringed. Her mother would never buy an excuse like Ruby’s from her. It was a miracle in itself that even one person was insane enough to invite her out for an evening!
“Um…” Gemma inspected her boots.
“Are you talking about Courtney?” Ruby bounced through the archway. 
Gemma’s head shot up with a grateful smile.
“Courtney?”
“Yeah, Mom, Courtney Taylor. She’s a sweetheart.” Ruby frowned at Dom’s cleanup attempts before stepping over him and heading for the fridge.
Gemma’s insides stopped dancing as she watched her mother beam.
“Yeah, she is really nice.”
“Good girl, Gem. So what are you two up to tonight?”
“Um…”
“You guys should go check out that new movie I was telling you about. Courtney seemed pretty keen.” Ruby unscrewed the lid of her bottled water.
“Yeah,” Gemma pasted on a quick smile. “We’ll probably do that and maybe grab some dinner?” She spotted Ruby’s thumbs up from behind her mother’s back. 
“That sounds nice.” Penelope squeezed Gemma’s shoulder and smiled. “I’m proud of you for being brave, sweetie.”
“Thanks.” She couldn’t quite keep her smile in place. Thankfully her mother didn’t notice. Instead she placed a quick peck on her cheek.
“Now remember, keep conversation light and shallow. As soon as you feel it heading in the wrong direction, ask her a question about herself. Keep her talking as much as you can.”
“I will, Mom.”
Gemma waved her family goodbye and headed for the garage. The dancing butterflies started up again at the idea of meeting Harrison. Underneath their playful fluttering, a thick stew began to bubble. She had just lied to her mother. Sure, it wasn’t her fault that her mother had assumed her friend was a girl and it wasn’t her fault that Ruby had jumped in with the world’s best excuse. Either way, she had given her mother the wrong impression and her mother had believed her. It felt so wrong, yet she knew if she’d told the truth she wouldn’t be heading out for the evening. If her mother knew the truth she would probably be buying a dead bolt for her daughter’s bedroom door. 

*****

Harrison hitched up his jeans and pulled his jacket straight as he walked toward the small Italian restaurant. He was surprised by how nervous he felt. Gemma had been skirting him in the hallways all week. Some days she’d give him a timid smile, other days her back would stiffen and she’d walk past him like a robot. Yesterday had been one of those days and he was doubtful she’d show tonight. He had wanted to text and confirm, but he didn’t have her number.
Ignoring the brewing disappointment, he paused at the door to prepare himself and was surprised to find it pulled away from him.
“Oh.” Gemma stood bug-eyed in the doorway. “I… You are here.”
She looked ready to go into cardiac arrest. The nerves were pulsating from her like a tidal wave. 
An easy smile stretched across his lips. “You look pretty.”
Her blush was fierce as she ran a hand down her ponytail. It wasn’t that she’d done anything extra special, he just couldn’t help saying it. It was the truth, after all.
“Shall we?” He stepped into her space, forcing her to turn and re-enter the restaurant. There was no way he was going to let her flee now that she had actually shown up.
He placed his hand on the small of her back as they were led to a corner booth at the back of the restaurant. Harrison smiled at Gemma as they slid in opposite each other. Out of habit, he turned to survey his surroundings. 
The tablecloths were checkered red and white with low candles as centerpieces. A family of five was two booths away laughing over their meal. An old couple that looked as though they dined there regularly was settled comfortably into an intimate conversation. The waiters flittered around the crowded room serving meals with smiles that begged for good tips. It was a welcoming family atmosphere.
“I’ve never been in here before. It’s nice and cozy.”
Harrison grinned. “That’s why my mom loves it so much.”
Her smile was brief then lost behind the menu card. Harrison stayed quiet in order to let her choose. He always got the same thing when he came here so didn’t bother opening his menu.
A young male waiter took their order with a cheerful smile and trotted off to deliver it.
Harrison leaned back in his chair with narrowed eyes. “You’re not one of those girls who lives on carrot sticks and low-fat cottage cheese are you?”
She smiled. “I’m afraid so.”
“But why? You’re skinny…in a good way. You don’t need to count your calories.”
Her teeth grabbed her lip as she fiddled with her cutlery. “It’s not that. I’m just…not allowed to eat junk food.”
His brow wrinkled with amused confusion as he leaned on the table.
“My mother’s really into nutrition. She’s a doctor scientist person and spends all day studying diseases and genetics and stuff. She keeps harping on about how a lot of illness can be controlled by diet. Food is fuel. Her motto is: the better the fuel, the better the engine will run.” Gemma shrugged. “It’s a car analogy.”
His smile grew as he watched her throughout the explanation. The way her nose twitched, the way her long fingers fidgeted with the fork then abruptly stopped to smooth out the tablecloth. She was adorable.
“Well, I think I feel sorry for you.”
“Don’t. I haven’t been sick.”
“Ever?”
“Never ever.”
“Not even a cold?”
She shook her head with a grin that disappeared when the waiter arrived. She looked down at the table as he placed iced water in front of her and a soda in front of Harrison. Her mumbled thanks was only just audible.
He wanted to ask what made her so afraid of others, but he took a sip of his drink instead. Gemma placed her glass back on the table and fiddled with her straw.
“So.” She cleared her throat. “Where were you born?”
“Boulder, Colorado.”
“Oh cool. It’s pretty there, right?”
He nodded. “I think so. I can’t remember. We only lived there for two years. That’s bordering on a record. My mom likes to move a lot.”
“I wonder why.”
Harrison shrugged. “Who knows. She…” He paused the way he always did when broaching this subject. One look at Gemma’s sincere interest had his lips flapping before he could stop them. “My dad died before I was born and it really screwed her up. She’s a great mom, but I don’t think she’s ever fully gotten over his death. We never talk about him and when I was little, things would set her off real easy. She’d go into this funk for a like a week and then we’d move.”
“Man, that sucks.”
“It’s gotten better since she met Bryan. He’s helped slow her down a little.”
“Do you like him?”
“Yeah, he’s awesome. I love having them around, although Rosie can drive me crazy.”
“Sisters do that.”
They both grinned. Gemma shifted in her seat as the waiter appeared with their meals. Harrison looked at her chicken salad with no dressing and grimaced. He’d take his fully loaded pizza over vegetables any day of the week.
Gemma glanced at his pizza. He thought he glimpsed a tinge of envy before she prodded her salad. Part of him wanted to offer her some, but tempting her seemed a little unfair. Although, it would be a good chance to see how strong her will was.
He was just opening his mouth to offer when she interrupted his train of thought.
“So I overheard Rosie say that her dad’s a mechanic. He’s trying to start up his own business or something?”
“Yeah.” Harrison took a large bite of pizza and answered around his food. “He’s opening a garage to restore old cars. He helped me restore mine. He’s got a thing for classics.”
“Well, you have to love the classics.” Gemma’s eyes lit, giving Harrison another reason to like her. “What condition was the Stingray in when you got it?”
“Total junk, but Bryan had faith. It took us eight months to get it road worthy.”
“Wow. That is so cool. I’d love to do that one day. Your car is so sexy.” She grinned, then blushed. “What’s her name?”
Harrison stopped chewing and pulled a long string of cheese away from his mouth. “Her name?”
“You haven’t named your car? She’s beautiful! How could you not name her?”
“I… I didn’t pick you for a name-your-vehicle kinda gal. You saying you’ve named your Ducati?”
Her eyes went dreamy. “He’s my black stallion. I usually call him Beauty. Dom always refers to him as The Beast.”
“Black Beauty.” Harrison nodded. “Nice.”
Gemma crunched her lettuce and took another sip of water then gave him a pointed look. 
“Okay, fine. I call her Cory, but if you tell anyone that, I’ll have to kill you.”
She giggled. “Good luck with that.”
“True.” He shook his head with a chuckle and took another bite.
“I wouldn’t say anything.” Her voice was serious and Harrison couldn’t help feeling that there was more to her statement than he was catching. 
Not wanting to lose the tone of their conversation, Harrison launched into an animated story about the first time he took his car for a spin and nearly crashed it into a tree. Gemma was in fits of giggles before long.

*****

The dinner had gone better than expected. Conversation seemed to come easy for them, although Harrison could still feel a quiet caution in his companion. Leaving the restaurant had been ridiculous with Gemma insisting they go separately to avoid being seen together. He tried not to let the request bug him, but was irritated nonetheless. He’d just had dinner with the coolest girl he’d ever met, what did he have to hide?
She did allow him to drive her to the beach instead of following him on her bike. That had taken some persuasion, but he was glad he put the effort in. She spent the whole trip in the car telling him about her sixteenth birthday and buying her Ducati. He loved the animated Gemma and wished others at school could see her like this. Their vicious gossip was so off the mark.
Harrison pulled the car to a stop and let the engine rumble as Gemma finished her story. He flicked off the ignition and they sat in sudden silence.
The breezy casualness that had floated them through the evening disappeared as expectations began to build. Harrison took his time to study the girl beside him. She was so beautiful. The urge to reach across and slide his hand over her shoulder and up her long neck was intense. 
He knew the move would destroy all progress made, so he clenched his fist tight and looked out the windscreen.
“That’s the tree.” Harrison cleared his throat and pointed to the shadowy pine on the edge of the sand.
“Cool.” 
He clicked the door open. The interior light came on, illuminating the car and giving him another taste of her stunning beauty. His breath caught and his limbs refused to move.
“What?” A nervous smile twittered across her features.
“You know how they sometimes say that angels take on human form?” 
She nodded, her emerald eyes glowing. 
“I think when they do, they look just like you.”
Her expression began to crumple with that desperate look, so he grinned.
“Okay, that was a line.” The tension snapped with her melodic laughter. “Did it work?”
“Nearly.” She blushed.
He didn’t mean to go and ruin the lightness after that, but he couldn’t stop himself. He placed his arm across the back of her seat and leaned in close. “Everyone at school always talks about how beautiful you are. I bet none of them know it’s not just skin deep. Thanks for letting me see you tonight.”
Her lips parted with a small intake of breath. It was taking every ounce of willpower not to lean forward and kiss her. 
He was losing the battle until his eyes ran down her face. 
A cold shiver raced up his spine.
As if the quill of God was dripping ink, a star-shaped mark came to life on Gemma’s collarbone.
He jerked back. “What’s… What’s that mark?”
He reached out to touch it, but she slapped his hand away. Her face blanched and she pulled her shirt together with a tight fist. Turning in her seat, she faced the front. He watched her jaw muscles go tight as she slammed her teeth together.
She was never going to answer his question.
Wanting to know more, but unwilling to suffer in the tense silence for a second longer, Harrison let out a soft sigh. “Well, let’s climb this tree before it gets too late.”
Gemma’s head jerked to look at him. He couldn’t decipher her expression. It was either disappointment or relief… or maybe it was anger. He couldn’t help feeling it was more at herself than at him. 
They climbed the tree in silence and found a perch on the top branch. He kept the conversation light, pointing out star constellations and sharing some of the crazy ideas he came up with while up there. She smiled and laughed, but it felt forced. The lightness from earlier had fled and Harrison had a feeling they wouldn’t get it back.
After only forty minutes they climbed back down and he drove her back to her bike. He didn’t try to touch her or get close again. If he was really truthful, fear was playing a small part in his decision. He would be an idiot to ignore the fact that she was unusual. 
The image of a red mark pulsing on her collarbone made goosebumps rise over his skin as he watched her speed away. He wasn’t sure he wanted to get any closer to this girl, but knew that want and reality were two very different things. He seemed drawn to her by some magnetic force. It was pointless to fight it. He just needed to establish a few ground rules. And honesty had to be one of them, whether she liked it or not.
Pulling open his car door, he decided to let her have her peace for the rest of the weekend, but come Monday, he was getting some answers.

Chapter Seven
St Augustine, Florida - 2011 AD

Gemma flicked her locker open with a frown. It had been a crappy Monday. It had started off badly with a run that left her feeling ragged and scored her a big lecture from her father. Her mother then jumped in with a lengthy scientific explanation about how the body works and repairs itself after exercise.
“If you push yourself too hard, you will weaken your muscles and be no use. We insist on this strict regime so your body will be functioning at its peak. Now don’t go messing with it!”
Gemma managed not to roll her eyes throughout any of it, but it was an effort. She left feeling berated and edgy.
Once at school, Harrison had sought her out before the bell and asked that they get together for a chat. She was instantly wary and told him she probably couldn’t tell him what he wanted to know. 
“I need my privacy. You have to respect that.”
He pretended not to care, but she could sense how pissed he was. He stalked off, leaving her feeling annihilated before the school day had even begun.
Thankfully the last period bell had just rung and Gemma couldn’t get out of there fast enough. Dumping her weighty biology textbook at the back of her locker, she fished around for her skinny English journal and felt her insides twist at the putrid breath tickling the nape of her neck.
“So I hear you had a date on Saturday.”
Gemma cringed as Jordan Monroe reminded her of another reason to hate her day. Someone had spotted Gemma and Harrison in the parking lot on Saturday night. The gossip had been thoroughly spread before Sunday lunch, apparently.
“It wasn’t a date. I just happened to bump into him.”
“Not sure I believe that, but okay.” Jordan snaked around her and leaned against the lockers.
Gemma took a step away from him, but he grabbed her open jacket and pulled her back. She felt no fear. Of all the people at school he was the least scary.
“Why are you wasting time with that weed when you should be with me?”
“Don’t make me sick. This jacket’s suede, I don’t want to ruin it.” She gave him a sickly sweet smile.
“You really are a frigid bitch, aren’t you?” He ran his hand up her arm.
“Why? Because I don’t want to date an arrogant prick who smells like Old Spice? I think that makes me normal.”
She flicked his hand off and slammed her locker closed. Jordan’s face had taken on a hard edge. Her body instantly readied itself for battle in spite of her inner screams to back off. Something about this loser always brought out the worst in her. She managed to step away from him, feeling her pride build as self-control took over. She would have made it more than two steps if he hadn’t made his next comment. 
“Well, maybe once the competition has been eliminated you might think differently.”
Gemma’s heart slammed into her ribcage. Clinging to her inner monologue, she calmly turned on her heel to face him.
“Jordan, you touch Harrison and I will hunt you down. I don’t care how much trouble it causes me, you will suffer.”
His eyes blackened with a sneer. “You know I don’t care about that weed. I just want to get freaky with the freak.”
He ran a sweaty hand up her arm and placed it on her shoulder, pulling her toward him. She swallowed back the bile burning her throat, her mind switching to battle mode. Keeping her voice slow and clear, she gave the enemy his final out.
“I can think of six different ways to break every bone in your hand. It will take me three seconds to choose one.”
His eyes narrowed with skepticism.
“One.” She swallowed. “Two.”
His hand dropped away and he shot her a malignant look before backing off. She had a feeling it wouldn’t be over that easily, but it would probably scare him away for a week or two. At least he knew she meant it.
She ran a hand over her face and smoothed back her hair.
“What was that about?”
The sound of Harrison’s voice made her jump, yet instant relief flooded her system. She didn’t understand how the guy was able to make her sweat with fear yet still make her feel safe enough to be herself. The idea of downloading the last five minutes made her turn with a welcome smile that quickly disappeared. Her mouth froze shut. 
He wasn’t alone.
Dana stood next to him, close enough that their hands kept brushing. Chelsea was on the other side doing much the same. Behind him Courtney hovered and behind her stood Darren. Gemma wondered if the ringlet blonde knew she was being thoroughly checked out by Mr. XBox.
She caught Courtney’s eye before her gaze dropped to the floor.
“It was nothing.”
A quick glimpse of Harrison showed a smoldering face.
“Are you okay?” 
Gemma glanced up at Courtney, a ringlet bobbed against her cheekbone as she tipped her head, looking concerned.
“Of course she is.” Dana threw a black look over her shoulder.
“I was just checking, D. Your brother can be a jerk sometimes.”
“First class,” Darren mumbled.
“He’s not that bad!” Dana’s expression was dark and sulky.
Harrison’s stare was intense as he softly asked, “What did he want?” 
“Um. Just…” Gemma fought for a bland expression. The group before her showed no mercy as they waited for an answer. “Well, he…”
“Cut out your tongue?” The look on Dana’s face told Gemma she was a pitiful loser.
“No, I just don’t…”
“Don’t what?”
Gemma’s mouth went into gold fish mode. Harrison soon put her out of her misery…sort of. 
“Leave her alone, you guys. Gemma needs her privacy.”
Dana’s lips jumped into a smug smile. Gemma glanced up at Harrison and didn’t see the anger she was expecting. Instead he looked disappointed, which was a million times worse. 
Gemma wanted to counter the attack with some witty words that would make them all smile and realize she wasn’t a complete dork. Harrison would laugh, step forward, and kiss her forehead in that adoring way guys do in the movies. He’d then wrap his arm around her waist and walk her out to her bike where he’d…
But who was she kidding? 
As she stood fighting off complete humiliation the only thing she got were pins and needles in her toes. She closed her eyes and held in the scream.
If it weren’t for this stupid tingling that was clawing its way up her body, she wouldn’t need her privacy. Without taking her eyes off the floor she turned the opposite direction and walked away with as much dignity as she could muster. She wanted to walk the whole way out of sight, but the tingling had reached her ribcage forcing her to sprint before she reached the corner.
Tearing down the next hallway, she made a beeline for the bathroom, hating the self-loathing that followed her. Rushing to the end stall, she flung open the door. She didn’t have time to think about it; the tingling had already reached her shoulders. Bolting the door with one swift click, she closed her eyes and ground her teeth against the imminent pain.

*****

Paris, France - 1793 AD

Gemma’s body felt like it had been stabbed with a thousand knives as she got to her feet. It always took a moment to adjust and it always hurt. Clothes that smelled stale were thrown in her direction. The coarse fabric would feel horrible against her skin and she cringed to think what disgusting things lay hidden in the folds of the male breeches she was holding.
“Quickly! Get dressed and hide your hair, Gemma.” Her father’s voice was urgent. Something must be wrong. She obeyed, in spite of the smell, and watched her siblings do the same, concern flickering over their faces as they soaked in the situation. With the help of her mother, she managed to shove her hair down the back of her shirt. It felt uncomfortable against her skin, but she knew she had more important things to worry about. 
Scanning her surroundings, she took in the cobblestone street, the cold stonewalls, and the filth that plastered both. The stench in the air was pungent, but much worse was the vibration of discontent that swirled around her.
“Where are we?”
“Paris.” Her mother’s voice was severe. “Seventeen-ninety-three.”
“The French Revolution?”
The distant sound of an angry mob could be heard wafting in the air and Gemma felt a shiver run down her spine.
“My timing’s a little off. According to my analysis, these events shouldn’t be occurring until tomorrow.”
“We’ll be fine, Dad. Just tell us what you want to do.” Dom was always so calm in crisis situations. He loved these trips the most.
Gemma’s pulse pounded in her throat as she listened to her father’s steady voice.
“Marie Neveu and her daughter, Emilie, have been harboring a clergyman. They are going to be discovered at any moment. This will send them to the guillotine. I’ve found a safe hideout for them on the outskirts of the city, but we must get there before sundown.
“Dominic, I want you to take your sisters. You three are in charge of getting the woman and her child to this point.” He pointed at a hand-sketched map and waited until three heads nodded. “Your mother and I are going to find the man who can arrange safe passage to England and make sure he gets them out of here on time.”
“Are these two worth the risk, Alistair?” 
Gemma knew her mother’s main concern was her children. She didn’t care who else’s life could be at stake.
“Nothing is certain, but these two lives could enhance our future. Emilie is a masterful pianist. Who knows what she might bring to our culture.”
“We’re risking this for a pianist?” Ruby said.
“We’re risking this to better someone else’s life.” Alistair Hart’s eyes bore into his eldest daughter.
“Sorry, Daddy.”
Gemma reached for her sister’s hand and gave it a little squeeze. “Let’s go.”


It did not take long to find the house. Gemma cringed to think the palatial Parisian home would probably be in ashes by the end of the night. Persuading the mother of their rescue attempt was challenging in spite of Ruby’s excellent French, but the woman moved swiftly when Dom lifted her daughter onto his shoulder and began trooping toward the door.
The contingent snuck out the back. The sound of the violent mob approaching made the hairs on Gemma’s neck stand to attention. The sun was dropping lower with each passing moment. Racing through the picturesque gardens, the quintet soon skidded to a halt. The mob had solidified into a ring of fury that was marching around the outskirts of the property, malice on their minds, murder on their lips, and fiery torches in their hands.
Gemma’s heart thudded out an unsteady rhythm.
“We’re trapped.” Ruby’s face was pale.
“Not yet we’re not.” Dom lowered the shivering girl to the ground. He scanned the surroundings, looking for the safest exit.
“Il y a un passage souterrain sous la maison. Il mẻne ả la riviẻre qui se trouve ả environ un mile d’ici.”
Gemma looked to Ruby for translation.
Her sister was simmering; she sounded like a bull ready to charge the way her breaths shot through her nose. 
“Ruby, what?”
“There’s an underground passage in the house. It leads down to a river, about a mile east.”
“Why didn’t she tell us that before?!”
“She probably didn’t know our intentions before. Look at the way we’re dressed! She was just chasing after her daughter.” Gemma pulled some calm into the situation. “Let’s focus, you guys. Dom, what do you want to do? Soon the house will be overrun, we don’t have much time.” Gemma was merely stating the obvious; the fact that it brought bile into her throat was another matter entirely.
“Take the girl. She’s the one we came back for anyway.” Dom shoved her toward Gemma.
“Dom, what are you doing? We can’t split up!”
“What choice do we have, Ruby?” He didn’t bother masking his anguish. “Gemma’s the fastest. She can make it with the girl. We can hide out here and sneak Marie out once the mob has breached the gates. If they catch us, well,” Dom shrugged, “two of us can still escape.” He looked ashamed. 
Gemma shot the French woman a sympathetic look.
“But…” Ruby’s head was shaking.
“Look, all we need is for Gemma to make it and then we can all go home.”
“But what about...?” Ruby nodded toward the mother.
“Ma fille est tout ce qui importe. S’il vous plaît, sauvez-la.”
Gemma wasn’t sure what the woman said, but she gave her daughter a fierce hug before placing her in Gemma’s arms.  

She could feel the girl’s tears soaking through her clothing and tried to ignore the heart wrenching sobs. “It’ll be okay,” she whispered into the girl’s hair. “Just hold on tight.”
Shoving her way through the back entrance, Gemma tried to remember Ruby’s translated instructions as she crept down the passageways. The thud of the front door being smashed open echoed off the high ceiling, making them both jump. The girl let out a piercing scream and Gemma bolted.
The roar of the crowd bursting into the house rose in a crescendo. Gemma tore down the corridor. Ripping back the door, she descended the stairs at lightning speed. The girl’s frightened arms nearly choked her as they whipped through the dank passageway.
She could hear footsteps chasing her and tried to even out her breathing. Bursting into dusk, Gemma stumbled her way toward the river. Tree roots assaulted her, testing her balance. One eventually succeeded. She tumbled to the earth, smashing her head against a rock and fought the blur that threatened her vision.
The girl beneath her whimpered. Gemma swiftly rose, pulling her back into her arms. Glancing back, she saw no figures, but could sense their chase. Ignoring the pounding in her head, she dashed across a shallow section of the river and up into the forest. There was no way she could keep up this pace. The girl was growing heavier with every step and her vision was spotting at the edges. Spinning in a circle, she searched her surroundings and glimpsed a large tree ahead of her. Crawling into the hole, she dragged the girl in behind her and nestled her between her legs. She sucked in much needed air and wrapped the shaking girl in a secure embrace.
“It’ll all be over soon. I promise.”
She kissed the top of the girl’s head and vanished.

*****

St. Augustine, Florida - 2011 AD

Her breathing was erratic as she glanced around the cubicle. The little girl! Had her father aborted early? Her heart sank with the knowledge of failure. She wondered how long that frightened girl had hidden in the hollow of the tree before she was found. 
Closing her eyes, Gemma fought her tears and ran a shaky hand through her hair. A sudden burning made her wince. She touched her forehead with tentative fingers and let out a soft groan.
Blood. How am I supposed to explain this one away?
Grabbing her clothes, she hastily threw them on and tied her hair back. Racing to the basin, she used some toilet paper to stanch the flow. She fought the wave of exhaustion that always engulfed her in moments like this and pulled in a deep breath.
Stop shaking, Gemma! You can do this. Everyone will be heading home. All you have to do is get out of the building without anyone spotting you.
A shuffling of feet outside the door made her heart freeze.

Chapter Eight
St. Augustine, Florida - 2011 AD

Harrison waved goodbye to Darren and the girls with a half-hearted smile. They had tried to persuade him to join them for an afterschool burger, but that was the last thing he felt like. Clicking his locker closed, he leaned his head against it and swore.
The look on Gemma’s face as she walked away swam in his brain, taunting him. He had caused that. 
You are such an idiot.
He suddenly didn’t give a damn about the truth. He just wanted to find her, say he was sorry, and spend the afternoon laughing together like they had on Saturday night.
Punching his locker, he hissed at his decision and rubbed his knuckles. At least he could drive home without Rosie harassing him about his mood. He didn’t think he could put on a bright face right now. 
Thank God she’d made friends so easily at this school.
He threw his bag over his shoulder and slumped toward his car. Something made him walk slowly. Maybe it was the thought he might bump into Gemma on the way. She hadn’t run out the front doors like he’d been expecting. Without meaning to, he turned the direction she’d gone.
A girl scurried past him with a frown. She glanced over her shoulder and shook her head. Harrison followed her line of sight to the girls’ bathroom. His legs moved before his brain did.
Leaning his head against the door, he heard a hiss of pain.
“Gemma, are you in there?”
Total silence.
“Are you okay?”
After a lengthy pause he heard a sigh. “I’m fine. I just… I slipped.”
Swinging the door open, he stepped into the room, not caring who else might be in there. His frown deepened as he stood beside her and glimpsed the blood.
“What happened?” He grabbed the wad of tissue from her hand and held it in place.
“The floor was wet and I just… I can be clumsy sometimes.”
“You’ve got to be kidding me. You’re one of the most coordinated people I know.” He pulled the tissue away to examine the wound. The gash was deep. Purple bruising was painting its way around the serrated edging. It looked painful. 
“You need to see the nurse.”
“No!” Gemma’s eyes flew up to the mirror and met his gaze with a look of horror. “Please, please don’t take me to the nurse. I’ll have to explain… It’s humiliating.”
He gave her a dry look as he continued to dab the blood matting her hair. The wound began to seep again. Grabbing a fresh wad of toilet paper, he stanched the flow. “You can’t ride home with blood running down your face.”
“I know.” 
Letting out a sigh, he grabbed her hand and pulled her toward the door. “Come on.”
“Harrison!” She pulled against him, nearly yanking him off his feet.
He balanced himself and turned to her with a glare. “Would you trust me, please?”
Pulling her hand with a little more force, he led her out to the parking lot and opened his car door.
“Where are we going?”
“To buy you a first aid kit and some ice.”
Her face softened with a smile as she slid into the car. He raced around to his door, grateful that she had capitulated without argument. Gunning the engine, he reversed quickly out of school, listening to the ring of Gemma’s cell phone as he went.
“Hello?” Gemma bit the inside of her cheek as she listened. “Hey Mom… I’m fine… I’m sorry, I forgot. I...well, I slipped and cut my head.”
Harrison drove toward, town scanning the streets for the nearest drug store. Gemma pointed up the road as she spoke and he followed her signed directions.
“No. No one saw.”
She glanced over at him with worried eyes.
“I’m alone.”
Harrison kept his expression bland as he indicated and began to parallel park.
“I’m fine. Really… I think it would be better if I did my homework in the library then came home. By then my head should be clear… I don’t want to leave my bike at school… Dom is not riding my bike for me. I’m fine!”
Gemma rolled her eyes as Harrison cut the engine.
“Mom, please. I promise I’ll call if I’m still feeling fuzzy… Five o’clock? Yeah, I’ll be there.” She tapped the screen and dropped the phone into her lap.
“Everything okay?”
“Yeah, just…my mom can be a little over protective. I was supposed to text her after school to let her know my plans… I forgot.”
“I think you had fair reason.” 
She returned his grin.
“Back in a sec.” Jumping out of the car, he headed into the drug store and grabbed some supplies.

*****

The waves rustled against the sand as they ran up the beach then fled back to the water. Gemma sat quietly, her fingers holding the ice pack firmly against her forehead. Harrison had sterilized the wound and used butterfly bandages to draw the skin together. He had never really done first aid before. His hands had been shaking, not wanting to hurt her. Thankfully, she was pretty tough and he only heard a small intake of breath when he was cleaning the wound. The rest of the time she sat as still as a statue, patiently waiting for him to finish.
“Feeling better?”
She looked at him with a tired smile. “Yeah, thanks for helping me out.”
Harrison’s eyes narrowed. “Are you sure you’re okay?”
“Mm-hmm.” She nodded. “Just a bad day, that’s all.”
Harrison gripped the steering wheel. “Sorry if I made it worse.”
“You could never make my day worse,” Gemma whispered.
Her blush sent fireworks down Harrison’s spine.
“Here.” He leaned toward his stereo. “I’ve got the perfect remedy.”
He watched Gemma’s lips twitch as he fiddled with his phone. Soon soft piano music was filling the car. Leaning back against the headrest, he let a satisfied sigh escape his lips.
“What is this?” Gemma said.
“My mother’s cure for the blues.”
“It’s beautiful. Who is it?”
“A composer from the early 19th Century. She was…”
“A woman?”
“Yeah.” Harrison smiled. “I know, but it wasn’t like she was famous back then. Her compositions were discovered about fifty years ago in an old manor house near Cambridge, England. But that’s not the best part. She has the most amazing story.”
“Why? What happened to her?” Gemma swiveled to face him. 
“Well, according to her diary entries, she was rescued by an angel during the French Revolution.”
“An angel?” 
His eyebrows puckered as he watched the blood drain from Gemma’s face.
“That’s what she claims. See, she was a little girl in France in the late seventeen hundreds. Not only was her family wealthy, but they had also been harboring some clergymen. They helped the men escape, but left it too late for themselves. Her father had already been executed and it was only a matter of time before she and her mother got the chop. Apparently the mob had been coming when she said an angel appeared and carried her to safety, hiding her in the hollow of a tree trunk.”
“What happened to her after that?” Gemma whispered.
“Well, her mother found her that night and they managed to escape to England. She vowed to spend the rest of her life honoring God for sending her this guardian angel. She did it through her music.”
Gemma leaned back against her seat, a soft smile creasing her lips. “What was her name?”
“Emilie Clayton. She married Lord Robert Clayton. Like everyone else I know, he fell in love with her music.”
Gemma’s eyes held a warm glow as she looked at him. All the sadness and tension from moments before had vanished.
“What?”
“That’s a really nice story, Harrison. Really nice.”
She closed her eyes. His gaze traveled over the plains of her skin and he saw the mark on her collarbone appear. The phenomenon made his insides quake, but he knew he couldn’t ask her about it. He watched the star-shaped mark burn a passionate red before fading again as her body relaxed. 
In an attempt to dispel his disquiet, he reached for the icepack she was holding. He needed something else to focus on.
“Here, let me have a look at that.”
He took the pack from her before she could object, and the uneasy fire stirring in his gut accelerated as if someone had doused his insides with gasoline.
“What?” 
Whipping off the bandages, he ran his finger over the hairline scar that now lay where her gash had been. Her skin was no longer purple and the only evidence of her recent wound was a little dried blood in her hair.
“How did…? Where did it go?”
Gemma’s shoulders stiffened. She brushed his hand away and covered her scar. “I’m a fast healer.”
“Fast? Gemma, I’m a fast healer, okay? You’re just… All you’re giving me is fast? You have a scar now! The kind of scar that takes days, sometimes weeks, to appear! What happened to the bruising?”
She closed her eyes and turned her head away. “What do you want me to say, Harrison?”
“The truth would be nice.”
“I can’t tell you that.”
His heart thudded in his chest as he watched her struggle, but he couldn’t let this go. 
“Gemma…” He licked his lips.
“Please don’t, Harrison. I’m not allowed to say anything.”
“Why? Are you an alien or something?”
“This isn’t Roswell.” She huffed and looked out the window. “Just accept that there’s things you’ll never know about me.”
“I’ve been trying, but I want to know everything about you…and I want you to know everything about me! I feel like we could have something awesome if you were just willing to bend a few rules.”
Her eyes were fiery when she turned back to face him. “I am breaking the rules for you! Do you have any idea what my parents would do if they found out I was sitting in your car right now? What more do you want from me?”
“I want you to trust me with the truth!”
“You don’t know what you’re asking! I can’t, okay?”
Harrison’s anger spurted to life as he started the engine and reversed. “You know you’re not the only one putting yourself on the line here. Do you have any idea how much flak I’m getting just for talking to you?” The fact he didn’t really care was hardly relevant. He accelerated onto the road. “The least you could give me are a couple of reasons why you’re such a secretive freak.”
She winced. “I’m sorry I can’t give you what you want, but you either take me as I am or you don’t take me at all.”
“You know it would be a hell of a lot easier not to take you, but I can’t stop thinking about you or wanting to be with you! Ever since that day we touched… I… it’s like you’ve cursed me!”
Gemma flinched. His words were an invisible blow that left her looking bruised and aching. Harrison glanced at her, hating himself.
“I didn’t mean—”
“Stop the car.” 
“No, I’ll take you back to school.”
“I don’t want you to.”
He knew he could probably spend the next ten minutes arguing with her. By then he’d be pulling into school anyway, but his foot pressed the brake and he pulled to the side of the road.
“Gemma, I’m sor—”
The door slammed shut behind her. She hitched her bag higher onto her shoulder and began a fast-paced that soon turned into a run. Closing his eyes, he banged his head against the steering wheel.
“Granger, you are such a JERK!”

Chapter Nine
Ponte Vedra Beach, Florida - 2011 AD

Gemma took the long route home, hoping her tears would dry up by the time she pulled into the garage. 
It didn’t work. 
She took off her helmet and wiped her blotchy cheeks.
Shaking her head, she slammed her helmet down on the seat and sniffed. 
“Put a curse on him? So I’m a witch.” Wrestling the bag off her shoulders, she unzipped her leather jacket and threw it over the handlebars. “Or better yet, an alien!”
“Who are you talking to?” Her mother stood at the door leading into the house.
Gemma whipped around, blushed red and focused on the tires of her mother’s BMW. “Just myself.”
“Have you been crying?”
Her head shaking turned into a nod.
“I sensed you weren’t being entirely honest on the phone. You should have let me come and get you.” Her mother clipped down the concrete stairs and wove around the cars to her. “By the look of your puffy eyes it must have been a painful afternoon.”
“You could say that.” Gemma kept her gaze on the tires, not willing to risk eye contact. Who cared about some little scratch? It wasn’t her head that was hurting!
“Let me have a look at it.” Penelope brushed back Gemma’s hair with a soft hand and ran a finger over the scar. “It’s healed nicely.”
“Yep.” Gemma nodded and forced a smile.
Her mother pulled her into a tight hug. “I’m just glad you’re okay.” She rubbed Gemma’s back then stepped away with a smile. “Come in and get washed up. You know how much your father hates tears.”
Gemma snorted. In spite of the fact he had left the army years ago, he would remain a hardheaded soldier. With a nod, Gemma followed orders and was sitting at the dining table five minutes later. The air was thick with tension, something Gemma had forgotten to take into account having been distracted by Harrison. 
Dom sat straight backed in his chair, looking defensive. Ruby was slumped in her chair, studying her nails. Gemma caught her eye and silently asked what was wrong. Ruby rolled her eyes and shook her head. 
Somehow they all knew Dom’s decision across the line would have consequences.
Licking her lips, Gemma glanced at her father. His steely expression softened when he caught her eye then went hard again. 
“You didn’t check in,” he said.
“I—”
“You must always check in no matter what your state, otherwise we assume the worst.”
“I’m sorry, I just—”
“Your mother had to call twice before she got through.”
“My phone was buried in my bag. I didn’t hear—”
“I had Dom and Ruby combing the school for you.”
“Which was a total waste of time.” Ruby mumbled then looked at Gemma with a frown. “Where were you?”
Gemma’s heart began to pound like a jackhammer. She cleared the lump in her throat. “I hid out in the bathroom until the blood stopped, then went to the library.”
“We must have missed each other.” Ruby shrugged and eased Gemma’s fears with a smile. “You did the right thing. It would have sucked if someone saw you.”
“Yeah, totally.” Gemma cut off her nervous laughter and scanned the faces of her family. She was surprised they couldn’t feel the vibrations of her heartbeat. Thankfully everyone seemed to be caught up in the brewing storm. 
She glanced at her father. His grim face was aimed at Dom. “What the hell went wrong today?”
Dom shuffled in his seat. “Like I said before, we didn’t have any other choice. Gemma’s the fastest. I knew she could get out with the girl. We wouldn’t have stood a chance if we hadn’t separated.”
“You NEVER leave her!” Alistair slapped the table and jumped up. Burying his hands in his pockets, he paced away from the table. “I’ve put rules in place for a reason. We need to protect each other and we can’t do that alone. Do you have any idea what it would have done to your mother and me if we lost her?”
“Or any of you,” Penelope added swiftly.
“Dad, I was fine.” Gemma kept her voice soft. “You didn’t need to abort early. I could have made it.”
“I’m not willing to put you in that kind of danger. As it was, you were injured! What if you hadn’t made it? Your body doesn’t start healing until you return, Gemma. If I hadn’t aborted when I did, your head may still be bleeding now!”
“You three come before anyone else.” Penelope leaned forward. “As soon as a mission goes bad, we always abort. When Dom and Ruby arrived without you, Gemma, we had no other choice.”
“You guys need to trust us.” Dom clenched his fists. “You practically make us sweat blood during training. We know how to handle ourselves. If anything, Gemma is the most capable of us all. I know I took a risk today, but it was a calculated one.” 
“You put Gemma’s life in danger,” Alistair snarled as he leaned towards his son. 
“You were the one that sent us back at the wrong time, Dad. Are you going to take any responsibility for this?” 
A ferocious roar shattered the air as Alistair came toward his son with a raised hand. Dom jumped up to block it, but there was no need. Gemma’s father froze, his eyes wide with mortification as he slowly lowered his hand.
Every face at the table stared in stunned silence; the only sound was the heavy breathing of her father. Gemma had never seen him lose control before. Dom stood his ground, disbelief scarring his expression. Gemma had a split second thought that maybe there was more to this error than her parents were willing to say. 
Her father’s voice shook, “I’m sorry, Dominic. I…” He sighed. “You’re right. I am partly to blame and I’m very angry with myself. I can’t lose you guys.” He ran a shaky hand through his grey-speckled curls. “This can’t happen again, you understand me? When we cross that line you do as I say and nothing else.”
Dom kept his subdued gaze steady as he answered his father. “Yes, sir.”
Without another word, Alistair engulfed his son in a bear hug. The tension in the room ebbed as Penelope stood from her seat and joined her men. Ruby followed and finally Gemma stood to entwine herself in the family embrace.
She could hear Ruby sniffing and almost felt bad for not wanting to cry herself. But she couldn’t. This embrace was only a reminder of what she belonged to. The arms around her felt like manacles. She could see her life stretching out before her, one mission after the next, each one dictated by her father, each one a secret. There would never be room for her own decisions. There would never be room for love. 
Her eyes welled with tears. She sniffed and felt the arms around her tighten.

Chapter Ten
St. Augustine, Florida - 2011 AD

It had been three days since the incident in the car. Harrison was going insane through lack of sleep and total frustration that Gemma was nowhere to be found. He’d spent most of Tuesday scanning the school for her. Apparently she had been there, but in none of her usual places. He found out on Wednesday morning that she’d actually gone to the nurse during History. 
She was avoiding him and doing an expert job at it. By Thursday lunchtime he was ready to tear his hair out. Having refined his apology speech, he didn’t think he could go another day without delivering it. 
Heading to the library for the third lunchtime in a row, he planned to wait by the door. Surely her old pattern would resume eventually. He spotted Courtney on his way and she gave him a sympathetic smile.
“Still can’t find her?”
“What’s she doing? Spending her lunches hiding in the girls’ locker room?”
“Quite possibly.” Courtney twirled a curl around her finger. “Maybe you could try…”
The girl’s brown eyes sparkled as she pointed behind him. Harrison whipped around and glimpsed Gemma as she spun on her heel and ran in the opposite direction.
“Gotta go.”
“Good luck.” 
Harrison sprinted down the hall and around the corner. Gemma had already disappeared, but he wasn’t ready to give up. Ducking around people, he headed in what he thought was the right direction. The next hallway was empty. He dropped his head with a sigh then heard the click of a door. 
He looked towards the janitor’s closet and frowned. Surely she wouldn’t go to those lengths.
A grin jumped over Harrison’s face.
“Oh yes she would,” he whispered.
Opening the door, he stepped into the dimly lit space in time to see Gemma take a deep breath and disintegrate in flurry of gold dust.
“Gemma!” 
Pushing the cleaning cart out of his way, he knelt beside the pile of clothing left in her place. With shaking hands, he collected them up. His heart thundered in his ears as he re-captured the image of gold dust particles spiraling into the air.
Rapid breaths punched out of his lungs as he tried to wrap his brain around the impossible.
Would she come back?
Was that the last time he’d ever see her?
The loss was intense, but not enough to override the mix of horror and wonderment churning inside him. 
He wasn’t sure how long he crouched in muted silence before the room suddenly grew still. He jumped from his spot and held his breath. A moment later Gemma stood before him. A grimace of pain crossed her face before she opened her eyes.
“Oh!” She quickly pulled the cleaning cart in front of her.
“Gemma.” Harrison licked his lips. “Gemma, what…what just happened? You disappeared. You vanished! And now you’re here. You’re…you’re here and you’re… you’re naked!”
“Give me my clothes!” She reached through the mop and broom handles and yanked them from his grasp. “Would you turn around, please?”
Shaking his head, he spun on his heel and stared, wide-eyed, at the shelf of cleaning agents. He listened to the rustle of clothes being yanked on. His breathing was still irregular. He ran a hand through his hair and quelled the urge to pace. There wasn’t exactly room.
“Okay, you can turn around.”
She pushed the cart to the side and ran a hand down her hair. It was draped over her shoulder. He’d never seen it down before and he took a moment to admire it before shaking his head and getting back to reality.
Reality? What a joke!
“Harrison.” She reached for his arm.
He flinched. “Don’t…”
She dropped her hand. The resignation in her eyes was heart breaking.
He took in a few deep breaths and scanned the room, unable to make eye contact. “I take it you’ve done…this,” he pointed his finger at her and around the room, “before.”
“Once or twice,” she almost chuckled.
“Is this what you do every time you take off to the bathroom?”
“Not every time.” Her voice was small.
“Where did you…? What happened to your body? I mean, how...?”
Gemma bit the inside of her cheek.
“Let me guess, you can’t tell me.” He pinched his temples between his thumb and forefinger. Maybe if he squeezed his brain out, he might be able to re-scramble it in order to comprehend this bizarre discovery. “I don’t know what to do with this.” He turned and reached for the door.
“No, wait!” Gemma grabbed his arm. “Harrison, listen to me. You can’t tell anybody about this.”
“Gem,” he scoffed, “who would ever believe me?”
“Please.” 
The panic in her eyes surprised him. Sudden understanding followed. “This secret’s a dangerous one, isn’t it?” 
She nodded. 
“Life and death dangerous?”
“So I’ve been told.” She looked scared.
It knocked the breath out of him. Against his will, he was falling for a girl who played on death’s doorstep. This wasn’t real!
“I’ll guard this secret with my life. I promise.” He felt the words were a little cheesy, but his voice was solemn. He knew he would do anything to protect her, no matter how weird she was. “I just have one condition.”
She bit the inside of her cheek.
“I want to know what I’m protecting.”
Her mouth dropped open.
“After school today, you tell me everything.”
Her eyes worked through a plethora of emotions as she formed her next sentence. He couldn’t be sure, but he thought he spotted a flutter of relief.
“Anastasia State Park. Meet me on the beach at four.” Her voice was quiet but steady.
“I’ll be there.” He gave her a curt nod then turned on his heel. Stepping into the hallway, he tried to stop his head from spinning as he contemplated what awaited him at four o’clock on the beach.

Chapter Eleven
Anastasia State Park, Florida - 2011 AD

By some miracle, the beach was empty. Gemma buried her toes into the white sand as she sat waiting for her imminent doom. The water wavered out a peaceful lullaby, but it did nothing to soothe her tattered nerves. She had to admit that being able to finally spill her truth was going to be a relief, but how would he take it?
History had been torture. She figured she may as well go today, but wished she’d faked another stomachache. She’d been blaming period pain all week and the nurse hadn’t even questioned her, just handed her a heat pack and sent her to lie down. 
Harrison hadn’t looked at her once during class. When Mr. Lomax dismissed them he’d bolted for the door. She’d raced to the beach, not wanting to keep him waiting, but he hadn’t been there. In some ways it was good. It gave her time to think about what she was going to say. She started to wonder if he’d turn up at all, but was too afraid to turn around and look.
Eventually the sand beside her moved as Harrison took a seat. She didn’t want to look at him, but couldn’t resist a quick glance. He rested his elbows on his knees and entwined his fingers. She saw straight through his casual posture. His shoulder muscles were bunched for her reveal. She felt her gut plummet. He’d never want to speak to her again after this. 
She drew in a breath.
“Before you say anything…” Harrison ran a hand through his hair. “I need to tell you that... Look whatever it is that you are, I’m pretty sure it’s not a witch. I don’t feel cursed.”
He still wouldn’t look at her. Gemma was almost grateful. She was sure her birthmark was glowing right now. She rubbed the spot on her collarbone and cleared her throat. 
“So what do you want to know?” She had toyed with the idea of making up a story, even spent most of History running through some plausible ones. But after his sort-of apology, all she wanted to do was tell him the truth.
He let out a deep sigh, brushed a thick strand of hair behind his ear and sent his piercing gaze her way.
“Let’s start with the basics. What are you?”
“Okay.” She licked her lips. “I’m human. I just have extra abilities. No one knows exactly where our kind came from. The electus, that’s the chosen seven, they arrived about one-hundred-and-fifty BC. They just appeared on earth and were found by this couple, Lucia and Quintus. They took them in and raised them.”
“The electus?”
“Yeah, according to the legend, they were the first of the spatia spiritus.”
“The what?”
Gemma shook her head and frowned. “Spatia spiritus. It’s Latin. It means…time spirit.”
“Time spirit?” 
“See, I can…” She closed her eyes, steeling herself against the urge to run. “Travel through time.”
Harrison’s eyes grew wide. “You can...” He blinked slowly then laughed. “Time travel’s not possible, Gemma.”
“It is if you have the right blood.”
“The right blood.” He nodded and looked out to the horizon, his face colored with disbelief. “Time travel.”
Gemma nodded.
“Like Back to the Future?”
“Not exactly. For one, I can’t go into the future, I can only travel back in time and secondly, I don’t need a DeLorean.”
The joke was completely lost on him.
“You’re serious.”
She nodded again and he turned to stone. He stared at the ocean, his eyes wide, his lips partially open. Gemma held her breath, expecting to see him stand from the sand and run screaming back to his Stingray, but he just sat there like a stunned statue.
“You may want to think about breathing sometime soon,” she said, anxious for his health and an end to the ominous silence.
“Just give me a second here.” Very slowly he drew in a deep breath, held it for way too long, then released it. “So you are capable of breaking your body down into gold dust then re-attaching it back together in another time?”
Gemma nodded, too afraid to speak.
“So, right now, if I wanted to, you could take me to, I don’t know, Rome, eighty-two AD?”
“You want to be a gladiator or something?”
“No, I’ve just always wanted to see the Colosseum in action.” He sounded wistful.
“Well, I’m sorry, but it doesn’t work like that. I don’t have any control over when I go or where I go. And I could never take anyone with me. I don’t even know if normal humans could survive the transition.”
“So, if you don’t control it, who does?”
“My dad. He calls us, sends us, brings us back home.”
“Us, as in your whole family?”
“The five of us.” She nodded.
Harrison’s head slowly bobbed as he listened. “You travel through time…. So, not an alien, but still very weird.”
Gemma’s heart sank. This was it. In just a moment he’d stand up, walk to his car, and she’d never talk to him again. At least she felt sure, down to her very core, that he wouldn’t utter a word. She could still picture his eyes from earlier that day. How solemn they had been. She was going to miss him.
“So, where did you go today?”
It took her a moment to register his question. He was still sitting there looking interested. She swallowed down her surprise. “Calhoun, Kentucky, 1966.”
“Why?”
“Because we needed to help someone. Sano. That’s why we travel. It means to heal. See my dad’s an historical analyst. He…studies history looking for glitches, small things we could change to make for a better future. Sometimes he’ll see a problem in today’s society and track back to where it could be avoided, or he’ll find someone in history who he thinks deserves a second chance at life.”
“So, you go back and fix it?”
“Well, we try.”
“So what was in Kentucky?”
“We had to help this boy. He saw his father brutally murdered and it snapped something in his brain. When he hit twenty he just went psycho and ended up killing a whole bunch of people. He was finally caught, but just yesterday he escaped from prison, so Dad thought we should head back and make some changes before anyone else got hurt.”
“How did you fix it?”
“Well, Mom and I got the kid and his father away from the original murder site and the other three set up the killer and made sure he was arrested.”
“And you did all that in five minutes?”
She smiled. “No, time is different when we cross the line. It slows down or something. I think it works out to be a minute here is about an hour there.”
“So you were gone for…?”
“About five hours.”
“No wonder you always look so exhausted when you get back.”
She blushed.
“Why did you look as though you were in pain when you first returned?”
“Because it hurts. My body gets torn into thousands of tiny dust particles then sewn back together again. It really stings.”
“So that’s why you’re so strong…and why you heal so quickly?”
“Yeah, I just wish that when we were sewn back together the injuries would mend at the same time.”
“Does that happen a lot? You getting injured?” He looked so concerned. 
Her heart squeezed. “Just occasionally.”
Silence descended for a moment as Harrison stared at his toes wiggling in the sand. Gemma studied him through her peripheral vision and wondered what he was thinking. 
Could we just get this over with? Hurry up and walk away. I know that’s what you’re going to do!
“So, this father that you saved. How can you be sure it will make our future better? I mean, what if the son still goes on his killing rampage?”
Again, he surprised her by staying. Gemma licked her lips and plucked her voice from the pit of her stomach. “Have you heard of Felix Winton?”
“No.”
A small smile brushed her face. “Then it must have worked. His escape made every news channel in the country last night. You would have known about it.”
“Hmmm.” He looked worried.
“What?”
“I just can’t decide how I feel about people messing with the past. I think the past is what teaches us and helps us grow into better humans. You guys going back and making it all easy… I don’t know.” He shrugged. “That’s kind of like playing God a bit, don’t you think?”
Gemma frowned. Picking up a stick, she ran it through the soft sand, drawing random patterns that immediately disappeared. 
“I’ve always hoped that it was God who sent us in the first place. I don’t know.” She shrugged. “I guess it makes it easier for me, thinking of it that way. Like I was made for a purpose rather than just this freakish mistake.”
He chuckled and shook his head.
Gemma frowned. Why wasn’t he pale-faced and shaking? How could he sit there so calmly absorbing this information like it was just another history lesson? What was wrong with him?
“So, how does your dad decide what to change? Do you think God tells him?”
“No.” She shrugged and tipped her head. “Maybe? I’m not sure. All I know is that he does a lot of analysis.” 
She could sense the answer wasn’t enough, but how could she explain something she barely understood? 
“Dad thinks it’s better to look at individuals rather than the outcome of an entire nation. We can’t help everybody, so we just do what we can. Certain life histories capture Dad’s heart and those are the ones he focuses on.” Gemma shook her head and threw the stick she was playing with toward the water. “I struggle with these questions too, but I don’t have a choice. My toes start tingling and five minutes later I’m in another time and place. While I’m there I have a job to do and I don’t have time to second-guess my father. The quicker we get the job done, the sooner we can come home.” 
Wishing she hadn’t gotten rid of the stick, she resumed her drawing with agitated fingers.
“I’m locked into this life, so I just accept what it is and try and find the good in it. Right now there are twenty families who didn’t lose a loved one to a serial killer. That’s got to have a positive impact on society, doesn’t it?”
Harrison nodded with a small smile. “I guess re-writing history isn’t all bad.” A frown burrowed into his forehead as he turned to look at her. “You really feel locked in?”
Gemma felt the blush flaming her cheeks as she dropped her gaze and shrugged. “I just feel like I have no control over my future. I never know when I’m going to have to run off to the ‘bathroom.’ It’s so embarrassing. I’m sure half the school thinks I have bowel issues.”
Harrison’s laughter made her smile, but it soon faded.
“The worst part is having to lie all the time. I don’t know why I hate it so much. My family are all experts, but I…” Her voice trailed off.
“That’s why you push people away.”
“Well, I try to. You have been a little more challenging.”
His chuckle was soft as he kicked the sand in front of him. “I understand the need for secrecy. If the wrong people knew about your family, you could be pretty badly manipulated. Your…talent…holds a lot of power.”
Gemma’s insides churned as she listened. He got it. He actually got it. She closed her eyes against the sudden swell of tears. The relief was overwhelming. 
“Are you okay?” 
She felt his hand slide up her arm and rest on her shoulder.
“Mm-hmm.” She nodded, unable to look at him.
“Liar.” 
She could hear the smile in his voice as he squeezed her shoulder. Opening her eyes with caution, she turned to capture an image of his smile before it faded. His eyes softened as his fingers slid down her arm and wrapped around her hand. Her digits grew warm as the fire danced over her skin.
Harrison rubbed his thumb over the back of her hand. “You think your power has anything to do with this fire feeling?”
Gemma shrugged. “Who knows.”
“It’s definitely a sign though, right?”
“What do you mean?”
“A sign we should be together.”
“Too bad we can’t.” Gemma let go of his hand, trying to ignore the depression that was pressing down on her. 
“Why not?”
 Gemma looked at him. “Haven’t you been listening to anything I just said?” 
She stood. Wiping the sand from her butt, she walked away from him, fighting for breath. 
“Gemma, I heard every word.” 
She turned to see him rising from the sand, looking confused.
“Then you know why!”
A small smile jumped over his lips then faded as he took a step toward her. “I know that you finally trust me enough to tell me the truth.”
Gemma’s heart skipped as he took another step forward.
“I know I want to be with you.”
He took another step.
“How are you okay with this?” Gemma took a step back. “I can travel through time!”
Harrison shrugged and closed the distance between them. “Hey, I was cool with alien. This isn’t much different.”
“I’m a total freak!”
“Yeah.” He grinned as he threaded his fingers through her belt loops and pulled her toward him. “But you’re my freak.” His breath tickled her skin as he leaned closer and whispered, “Face it, Hart, you’re stuck with me. I knew the second I touched you my life had changed. And you knew it too.”
“Um…how do you know that?”
His eyes lit with amusement. “Your birthmark’s showing.”
Gemma couldn’t swallow down her gasp. It came out all breathy as she reached for her shirt and tried to yank it across her collarbone. He stopped her with quick fingers. She kept her eyes on his face as he moved her shirt aside and gently slid his thumb over her skin. It burned hot.
His fingers lingered there for a moment as if wondering at the searing sensation then began moving. They danced over her flesh and came to rest on the back of her neck. His thumb gently rubbed the edge of her jaw.
She could barely breathe as he leaned toward her with a soft smile. Their lips met for a delicate introduction. Gemma had never felt anything like it in her life. A tender flame danced along her soft skin then grew with fervor as Harrison deepened the kiss. His tongue was warm and delicious. 
The world around her became fuzzy as every sense in her body drew itself into the kiss.
It was magic…and one taste would never be enough. 
There was no way she could live without this. 
The implications of that fact were deadly. 

Chapter Twelve
St. Augustine, Florida - 2011 AD

Harrison finished whistling the tune from the car as he pulled open the kitchen door and dropped his keys on the counter. Smiling at his mother, he kissed her cheek as he walked to the refrigerator. 
“You seem happy.”
He spun to face her with a can of Coke in his hand, tried to pull his lips into line but lost the battle. 
His mother gave him a suspicious look before turning back to the carrots she was chopping. “Are you going to tell me why?”
He sauntered to her side, leaning his hip against the sink. “I’ve just had the best afternoon.” 
“I’m going to need more details than that, Harrison.” She pushed him aside to reach the faucet and rinse off the broccoli. “After nearly two weeks of moping around this house in a daze of confusion, you come home smiling like a chimpanzee and all you can tell me is that you’ve had a good afternoon.” She raised her eyebrows at him. “This wouldn’t happen to be about a girl would it?”
Harrison smiled again. “Maybe.”
“Are you going to tell me about her?”
He studied his Coke can, flicking the tab repeatedly. “Mom, would it freak you out if I told you that I think I’ve found my other half?”
Her body went still as she looked at him. Rather than the disbelieving twinkle he’d been expecting, he was met with a melancholy stare.
“I just feel like she was made specifically for me.” He shook his head. “That probably sounds stupid. I’ve only known her for a couple weeks, but she finally let me in today and I don’t know, she’s just…” He finished with a blissful sigh.
“It’s not stupid.” Her eyes misted over.
Harrison felt his throat swell. There was that look again—such unrequited longing. It was heartbreaking. He knew who she was thinking about and needed to get the conversation back onto healthier ground.
“Anyway…”
“Helen?” Bryan’s booming voice made them both jump.
“In the kitchen, sweetie.” 
The sound of the knife hitting the chopping board punctured the air as Bryan lumbered into the kitchen and wrapped his arms around his wife. After kissing her cheek, he headed to the fridge for a beer.
“Hey, Harrison.” He screwed the top off his bottle and threw it in the sink. “You’re home late today.”
“I had a meeting after school.”
“What’s her name?” He didn’t miss much.
Harrison took a swig of drink and grinned. “Gemma.”
“Well, I want to meet her. Why don’t you invite her over for dinner sometime.” Helen’s crystal blue eyes had cleared back to their usual brightness when she glanced up at him. 
“Mom,” he pleaded.
“It’s about time you got yourself a girlfriend.” Bryan’s eyes danced with amusement as he slapped Harrison on the back.
“How about this weekend?”
“No way. Give me a break, Mom.”
“Well, how about next weekend then?”
“I don’t know. She’s kind of shy. It’ll take a bit of convincing.”
Helen grabbed the crumpled towel off the bench and dried her hands. “Look, Harrison, if you’re serious about this girl, then you’ll find a way to persuade her. We have to meet her eventually, right?”
“Yeah.” Harrison looked down at his soda. “Eventually.”
His insides quivered. He was pretty sure Gemma would hate the idea of meeting his family. But he was certain his mother wouldn’t back off. She knew him too well to think this was a casual fling. She’d keep needling until Gemma was standing on their doorstep. 
One evening meal couldn’t be all bad, could it? He’d make sure things stayed light and casual. It’s not like anyone would ever guess Gemma’s secret. 
But how did he persuade his new girlfriend of that?
“So.” Bryan grabbed his shoulder. “What makes this girl so great?”
Harrison shook free of his stepfather’s grasp and headed for the hallway. “Well, for a start…” He turned and played thoughtful for a moment. “She owns a Ducati.”
Harrison’s smile was smug as he walked out of the room listening to his mother’s giggle.
“Close your mouth, dear.”

*****

By the time Harrison arrived at school the next morning he had concocted a few different conversations to convince Gemma to meet his family. He decided to sit on them for a couple of days first. He knew today would be challenging enough for her. She hated how people talked and they would definitely be talking when they saw them together.
Harrison grinned. He couldn’t wait to walk up and wrap his arms around her. Her bike wasn’t in the lot yet, so he decided to get himself organized then wait for her at her locker.
“Hey, man.” He met Darren in the hallway and walked with him to their lockers, keeping his eyes peeled for the brunette beauty while the guy chatted on about the movie he watched last night.
Harrison dialed the combination and flicked back his locker, shoving books in and out of his bag with speed. 
“Hey, Harrison.” Dana’s hand caught him by surprise as it glided up his arm. 
Harrison stepped away from her with a friendly smile. “Hey.”
He closed his locker and nodded at Dana’s lengthy story about something. He kept his eyes on the steady flow of human traffic and muted out her voice.
The girl he was waiting for appeared around the corner with her brother and sister. He watched her bid them goodbye then walk toward him. He kept his gaze on her, ready to beam her his best smile. Intros to his friends would be first then he could take her hand and walk her to class, maybe steal a quick kiss.
His chest constricted when she walked straight past him with her head down and her gaze locked on the floor. He immediately tried to follow her, but she scuttled away.
“Harrison? Are you coming?” 
He looked at Darren and after a moment’s hesitation gave his friend a sullen nod.

*****

The day didn’t get any better. He ran from his first period class to wait outside Gemma’s room, but she’d already left. Second period, he sat with his leg jiggling under the table, waiting for his next chance, but he missed her on all counts. It was like she was avoiding him on purpose.
His anger bubbled slowly throughout the day, growing in heat and intensity. Finding the library empty at lunchtime made him want to explode. As he stomped toward the cafeteria, he spotted her. She was just leaving the bathroom. When she turned his way, he jumped behind a row of lockers, knowing he would need an element of surprise to catch the sneaky beauty.
The hallway was practically empty as he crept up behind her. He kept his steps light and wrapped his arm around her waist. Lifting her off her feet, her captured her arm before it could hit him and carried her to the janitor’s closet.
“Don’t even think about kung fu-ing my butt.” He opened the door and didn’t drop her indignant body until they were firmly shut inside.
She spun to face him, but there was no way she was entitled to the first word.
“What the hell is going on? What’s the matter with you?” he said.
“Nothing! What’s the matter with you?”
He raised his arms and huffed in complete confusion. “I don’t understand you. Are we together or not? Did yesterday mean nothing to you?”
“What are you talking about?” She placed her hand on his chest, looking pained that he would even think that. “Of course we’re together. I just didn’t see why everyone else had to know that.”
“Great, so I can have you, but I can’t have you.”
“I’m sorry.” She ran her hand up to his neck, distracting him with tickling fire. “I’m just not ready for the whole school to start talking about it. People always expand the truth and it’s embarrassing. You wouldn’t understand.”
Harrison stepped away from her with a scoffing laugh. “I wouldn’t understand? I’ve lost count of how many times I’ve been the new kid at a school. Gossip. I get it. It chases you down every hallway.”
Gemma frowned and bit the edge of her lip. 
He let out a long sigh and reached for her hand. “I don’t care what other people say. I’m proud to be with you. I don’t want to have to hide.”
“Hiding will keep us safe. I’m not ready for everyone’s opinions.”
“Why not?”
“Because I know they think you should be with someone better.”
He couldn’t help a small chuckle. “Gemma, that’s not possible. There isn’t anyone better than you.”
She tipped her head with a frown. 
Stepping forward, he placed a hand on either side of her face. “People can think whatever they like. Nothing is going to make me change my mind about you.”
Her blushing smile was sensational, but it disappeared within seconds. Grasping his wrists, she squeezed and looked at him with two pleading eyes that he knew he’d have to say yes to. 
His heart sank a little.
“Please, just give me a little more time,” Gemma whispered. “There are things I need to explain.”
“Alright, fine, but after school today, you’re all mine.”
She winced. “I can’t today, I have to get home, but…”
He dropped his hands and stepped away from her. 
“Hey.” She took his hand and pulled him back. “My parents are away this weekend. Meet me at the mall. We can go for a drive, spend the day together.”
“The whole day?”
She smiled. “The whole day.”
“I’m keeping you to that.” Placing his hand behind her neck, he pulled her into a kiss that had his body igniting with fire and left his senses reeling. They staggered away from each other and the only comfort to watching her sneak out the door without him was the goofy grin on her face.

Chapter Thirteen
Ponte Vedra Beach, Florida - 2011 AD

“And where do you think you’re going?”
Gemma spun around with a gasp and placed her hand on her chest. “Oh my gosh, Dom, you scared the crap out of me.”
He stood tall and intimidating on the other side of the kitchen counter. His hair was tousled, his T-shirt a crumpled mess from sleeping.
“Where are you sneaking off to?” He folded his arms.
“Just…” She shrugged. “Going for a drive.”
His eyes narrowed. “And would you be going for this drive if Mom and Dad were home this weekend?”
She blushed and bit back her grin. “I’d be trying to, but probably failing.”
He picked at the grapes in the fruit bowl and popped three into his mouth. His expression was a little dry when he sniffed, making Gemma’s nerves do a quick disco number in her stomach.
“Guess you better make the most of it then.”
Gemma released a grateful sigh.
“It’s the Granger kid, right?”
“Uh-huh.”
“He seems okay.”
“He is.” She spun to leave, then turned back. “Can you not tell anyone…”
“I won’t, but just be warned that Ruby figured it out when you floated in the door on Thursday afternoon. Luckily Mom and Dad were too busy preparing for this weekend to notice you. Be careful. They may not miss it next time.”
“Thanks for the warning.” Her eyebrows wrinkled together.
“Just remember, light and…”
“Casual. Yeah, I got it.” 
Dom took his handful of grapes and left the kitchen with a grin. Gemma watched him throw them in the air and catch them in his mouth as he went. 
She felt like he’d just hosed her down with cold water. The excited giddiness of spending the day with Harrison had fled, only to be replaced with the reminder that she was walking into a scalding hot fire that would burn and destroy.
She jiggled the keys in her hand, thinking of Harrison and if she should bail. But one image of his smiling eyes and soft lips was enough to get her legs moving out the door.
There’s no way she was strong enough to walk away from him. She couldn’t help a grin as she strapped on her helmet and started up her bike.

*****

The sun was warm on their faces as they leaned against the pier at Flagler Beach. Harrison stood behind her, his chin resting on her left shoulder. He played with her fingers as they watched the water rise and swell below them. 
Harrison’s lips brushed the nape of her neck and Gemma felt her insides jump with giddiness. She wanted to giggle, but she’d already done that an embarrassing amount throughout the day, so suppressed the urge.
Avoiding the whole “let’s keep this a secret” topic had been easier than Gemma thought. She expected to have to get it out of the way in the morning, but when Harrison had greeted her with a long-stemmed rose and whispered “Happy Valentine’s Day” in her ear, she hadn’t wanted to ruin the tone. So they got chatting about other things and the trip down the coast had been filled with laughter and meaningless conversation. 
Being totally unknown at Flagler Beach gave Gemma the freedom to hold Harrison’s hand and pretend like they were a normal teenage couple. They had walked along the beach, eaten at a small diner, popped in and out of shops laughing at merchandise and trying things on. Not once had the conversation turned serious, but Gemma knew they were running out of time. 
She opened her mouth to talk, but clamped her lips closed again. This moment was too perfect to ruin with a discussion that would most likely end in a disagreement.
“So I was thinking last night,” Harrison whispered in her ear. “I never asked you…are there more time spirits?”
She looked around to make sure no one was eavesdropping, but the only people nearby were two old men fishing and three raucous boys dropping rocks off the pier. She turned and spoke softly. “According to my parents there are, but I’ve never met any of them. At least, I don’t think I have. We do meet up with old friends of my parents when we travel each year, but they never talk about ‘travel’ when we’re around, so I’m never sure.”
“When do I get to meet them?”
“Who?”
“Your parents.”
Her stomach constricted into a tight knot. “Never.”
“Why not? I want you to meet mine.”
This was just proof that he didn’t get it. She held in her sigh and kept her voice neutral. “I told you I’m not allowed to date.”
“I know, but you can’t stay single for the rest of your life. I just figured eventually it would come out.”
“It can’t. Ever!” Her desperate fear was starting to show. “Harrison, I can’t stress this enough. They will never, ever, ever be okay with you.”
“Why?” 
“Well, aside from the fact I’ve broken an ancient oath…” She winced. “I’m not allowed to be with normal people. I have to…end up with my own kind.”
“But you’ve never met any of your own kind.”
“I may have. I’m guessing,” she swallowed convulsively, “it’ll be arranged.”
“What?!” 
“I know. It makes my stomach curdle.”
“It’s totally archaic!”
Gemma nodded and gave him a glum smile.
Turning her in his arms, Harrison forced her gaze to his. “I’m not going to let that happen to you. The only guy you’re ending up with is me.”
Her expression turned to marshmallow. “Well, that suits me fine, but my parents will probably disagree with you. Can we just leave it for now?” She placed her hand on his chest. “I don’t want to mess this up. Let’s just enjoy the rest of the year and we can face this problem later. Please.”
“We can’t hide forever, Gemma.”
“I know, but we can keep things under wraps for now. The fewer people who know about this, the safer we are. I wish I could explain this better.” She felt tears forming and hated herself for it. She turned around and leaned her elbows on the railing.
“Hey, it’s okay.” He rubbed her arms. “We’ll take necessary precautions. I’ll never call you at home. I’ll only ever smile at you at school. I promise.”
“Thank you,” she whispered.
He wrapped his arms around her and placed his chin back on her shoulder. “Look, I know this probably seems like a stupid question right now, but how about my family? Do you want to meet them?”
“Um.” She giggled. “I’ve never really met anyone’s family before. I probably won’t be very good at it, so…no.”
Harrison laughed. “I think you’ll be great. How does next weekend sound?”
“Um…” She felt herself falter. He actually sounded serious. “I think I’m busy next weekend.”
“How about the weekend after that?” 
She frowned at the tension she could feel creeping into his body. “Busy next weekend too.”
“The weekend after that?” His voice was getting terse.
“Okay, Harrison.” She looked over her shoulder at him. “When it comes to meeting your family, I’m probably going be busy every weekend for the rest of my life.”
“Oh come on, you chicken.”
“What? Haven’t we just agreed to keep this quiet! Why would I go and meet your family?” 
“Because you’re important to me and I want you to meet the other most important person in my life.”
“Your mom.” Gemma kept her eyes on the ocean, feeling her emotions roil in the same sickening pattern.
“Besides, it’ll be a safe place for us to hang out. No one else would need to know we were there.” 
“But, we’ve only just started… I mean, I don’t… What if they figured out I was weird and then they wouldn’t want you to be with me and then—”
“Gemma.” He silenced her with a quick squeeze to her fidgeting fingers. “My parents are different than yours. They’re really happy I’ve met you.”
She jabbed her elbow back and was satisfied to hear his “oof!”
“You told your mom?”
“That was before I knew we had to keep it quiet! She guessed anyway when she saw me float in the door on Thursday.”
Gemma couldn’t help a grin.
His arms encircled her again and she didn’t fight it. She loved the feel of his breath on her skin when he whispered, “I’ll protect you. You’re safe with me, always remember that.” 
Her hands stilled, as did her breathing. 
“To my family you are just going to be Harrison’s girlfriend. I promise, there’s nothing to worry about, and Rosie won’t say anything at school if you ask her not to. She may be a pain in the butt sometimes, but she knows how to keep a secret.”
Her eyes scanned the horizon. Harrison waited out her contemplation in agitated silence. Scratching the side of his nose, he cleared his throat and looked away, trying to appear casual. It was adorable.
She knew if she said no right now he’d accept it. He’d be angry for a while, but then he’d get over it and they’d have a great evening together. He’d kiss her goodnight. He’d look at her with those dreamy eyes and…
“Okay.” She bit down hard on her lip. 
What did I just say?!
“Okay?”  His grin stretched wide.
Too late to back out now. Look at his face!
She pasted on a smile and nodded again. 
“You’re gonna be great, Gem.”
“Yeah, whatever.”
He turned her in his arms and gazed down at her. His eyes flickering with a mix of emotions. “This means a lot to me. Thank you for trusting me.”
She forced a smile and shrugged. “I guess you’re putting up with a lot from me.”
He laughed. “Yeah, well, that’s gonna cost ya.”
Her brow wrinkled with concern. His eyes filled with mischief as he held her tight and raspberried her neck. She yelped and let out a giggle.
“Stop.” She lightly slapped his back.
“Not a chance.” His lips nibbled her neck. “If I don’t get to maul you at school, I’m just going to have to save it all up for the weekend.”
He ran his lips up her neck, eliciting a second round of giggles. 

Chapter Fourteen
St. Augustine, Florida - 2011 AD

Gemma slowed the Ducati as she turned into Harrison’s street. It was a typical suburb and she liked the simplicity of it. The neatly trimmed edges, the mown lawns, the bikes left in disarray on front yards, the basketball standing post beneath the hoop, the bark of a dog, the chant of little girls as they played jump rope in the driveway.
Her nerves grew as she approached number 176. Harrison had been prepping her all week. Helen was his mother, Bryan his stepfather. Rosie and Justin belonged to Bryan, and Sam was born three years after Helen and Bryan got together. She went over the names again as she pulled the bike to a stop. She switched off the engine and slowly undid her helmet. With shaking fingers, she ruffled out her helmet hair and sat chewing the inside of her cheek.
Just breathe, Gem. Just breathe… Oh yeah, and smile!
Her lips turned up at the corners just as Harrison was opening the front door.
“Hey.” His voice was all gooey, which kept her grin in place.
“Hi.” She cleared her throat and tried not to pull away when he leaned in to kiss her lightly on the lips. She could feel her cheeks blooming with color and shot Harrison a pleading look. He just laughed, grabbed her hand and pulled her from the bike.
“Come meet everyone.”
She didn’t have to go far; three pairs of drooling eyes were standing in the doorway, staring at her bike. Harrison made the introductions while they swooned and she felt her fears ebb. She liked the boys immediately. 
Rosie was sweet and wrapped her in a friendly hug before she got through the door. “I haven’t said a word, I promise.” 
Having been taken off guard by the embrace, Gemma felt her muscles relax just a little at Rosie’s whispered words.
Finally released, Gemma stepped back and was facing the last member of the household.
Harrison’s mother was beautiful. Her blonde hair waved around her face, nestling just below her ears. Her sapphire eyes were piercing and her smile was serene as she listened to Harrison’s introduction.
She held out her hand. “It’s nice to meet you, Gemma.” 
Gemma felt something twitch inside her as she reciprocated the words. There was something magnetic about this woman. She felt the same pull she had with Harrison and wondered at its meaning.
The nerves that had been hounding her all day dissipated as Gemma engrossed herself in mealtime conversation. She answered meaningless questions, laughed at Sam’s jokes and smiled at Rosie’s outrageous stories. Helen studied her quietly throughout the evening, which unnerved her slightly, but she tried not to let it show. 
Gemma glanced away from her conversation with Bryan to flash her a friendly smile. Making a good impression with this woman was paramount to her survival in this family. After only a week of being Harrison’s girlfriend, she was completely hooked. She would do anything to make what they had stick. Helen’s eyes softened toward her and she felt her chest loosen. 
Her elated high suddenly vanished when she felt her toes begin to tingle. She tried to keep her expression bland, her only form of outburst being a swift tap to Harrison’s ankle.
His eyes popped up and caught her message. His face fell momentarily before he pasted on an easy smile.
“Sorry to interrupt Bryan, I just realized I never showed Gem where the bathroom was. Knowing her, she’s too shy to ask.”
Gemma blushed and dropped her gaze. “Actually, if it’s okay, I might just pop there before dessert.”
Completely enamored, Bryan shone her a smile as she rose from the table.
“It’s this way.” Harrison held out his hand and she grabbed it like a lifeline.
“Excuse me,” she muttered, lifting her gaze only enough to glimpse a slight narrowing of Helen’s eyes.
Gemma felt her heart begin to thud erratically as Harrison led her down the hallway. 
“Hopefully, you’ll only be gone for five minutes.” Harrison opened the door and stood aside. “I’ll wait for you.”
“Thanks.” She squeezed his hand as she brushed past him.
“Be safe.”
“I will.” She shone him a smile before shutting the door and bracing herself for travel.

*****

Black Forest, Germania - 84 AD

“So, how’s the date going?” Ruby pulled on a woolen tunic.
“Fine,” Gemma mumbled, struggling with the leather lacing of the boots her father had “borrowed.” She hadn’t told Ruby it was more like a family dinner than a date.
“That’s it? Fine?” 
“I’ll tell you later,” Gemma whispered.
Standing tall, she took a moment to glance around. Her skin rippled with goose bumps. The dark forest smelt dank and earthy. Pine needles created a thick carpet, decorated with fallen logs and mossy rocks as furniture. The trees towered around them like faithful centurions, blocking any view of the sky. Although dusk was only settling in, Gemma could feel the oppressive darkness.
This place is creeping me out. 
She tried to squash her jitters as she approached her father for instruction.
“There is currently an archaeological dig being conducted about five miles north of here. Half a mile east is a grove that I believe contains some very important artifacts that will get missed if we don’t move them.”
“A sacred grove?” Gemma hadn’t meant to blurt it out, but now that she had… She cleared her throat. “I just thought… I mean should we really be entering a…well, someone’s sacred place?”
“I know what you’re thinking, Gem, and I don’t want to disrespect their religious customs any more than you do, but these artifacts are important. They’ll teach us a lot about these northern tribes.” He placed his steady hand on her shoulder and gave it a light squeeze. “You have to trust my judgment.”
Gemma nodded. 
“Now, because we are entering such a delicate zone we need to be particularly careful. Dom, Pen, and Ruby will secure the perimeter. Gem, you and I are going to sneak in and re-locate the treasure.”
Everyone nodded and headed off in the right direction. Gemma followed her father on light feet, sensing his urgency. Dodging trees and jumping over roots, they soon found themselves on the edge of a small clearing. 
“See the knotted tree stump?” Her father pointed. “It’ll be in there. You’re faster than I am. All we’re looking for is a necklace with a stone emblem that’s shaped like a thin arrowhead.”
Gemma swallowed and gave him a swift nod. Bounding across the clearing, she skidded to a halt by the stump. A heady scent of pungent herbs swam around her. She fought off the nausea. At the foot of a stump lay a human skull next to an urn of what looked like bones. Gemma muffled a scream with her hand and drew in quick breaths through her nostrils. Forcing her pounding heart to a regular rhythm she focused on her task. She plunged her hand into the hollow opening, praying that her image of rotting guts was incorrect. With relief she realized the moisture at her fingertips was moss. Rummaging through bugs and cobwebs she felt her fingers land on a leather pouch. She pulled it out. A shiver descended her spine as she pictured the creepy crawlies she had disturbed. 
Quickly untying the bindings, she opened up the pouch. Being in the clearing was useful as the moon provided a murky light for her to inspect the contents. Tipping the pouch into the palm of her hand, she saw the leather strap of a necklace amongst the treasure trove of trinkets and pulled it free. The emblem swung in the dusky light and she noticed four symbols engraved on the side.
“Gemma, hurry!” 
Her father’s voice nearly made her drop the various stones and carvings. Steeling her nerves, she hastily returned the goods to the pouch and shoved it back in the stump.
That’s when she heard the low drone of voices approaching from the north. Scrambling to her feet she dove for the trees and was hauled into a run by her father. 
“We need to bury this as close to the dig site as possible and just hope that no one unearths it before two-thousand eleven.”

*****

St. Augustine, Florida - 2011 AD

Harrison leaned his head against the wall behind his bed and gazed at Gemma’s beautiful face. Her eyes were wandering around his room as she sat cross-legged on his bed, listening to the soft strains of Emilie Clayton. It had been her request and he was happy to oblige; the music did have a way of soothing the spirit and she seemed to need it. Maybe the jitters from dinner were starting to catch up with her.
He had been pleased with how dinner had progressed. His mother had been a little quiet as she sussed Gemma out, but that was always her way. Thankfully Gemma’s trip was brief, making her bathroom break nothing out of the ordinary. By the time dessert was served his mother was becoming her bright sparkly self and he had noticed Gemma’s posture relax.
They were now up in his room. Sam had insisted on giving Gemma a tour of the house and thankfully he had ended with Harrison’s room. He’d quickly played his big brother card and they were finally alone, sitting on his bed.
He’d watched with interest as she perused his room, running her finger over his desk, pausing to study his CD and book collections, standing in front of his guitar with a look of admiration. She picked it up with cautious hands.
“Will you play for me?”
He was sure he had blushed beet red.
“Please.”
With a sigh of reluctance he had taken the instrument and flicked his fingers over a classical piece he’d been practicing. He’d only just started toying with the Latin American style, but she hadn’t seemed to notice. She had been completely rapt, her eyes brimming with approval. 
Thankfully when he’d set his guitar back on the stand, she hadn’t protested and he was now very happy to be sitting next to her. Sparks of fire ignited where her knee rested on his thigh. 
Picking up a strand of her sleek hair, he ran it through his fingers and watched her lips quirk with a smile before dropping back to thoughtfulness. 
“What is it?”
Her eyebrows puckered as she began to chew the inside of her cheek.
“You know you can tell me anything, Gem.”
“Yeah.” She smiled. Her long fingers drew patterns on his jeans as she softly began. “You know this is my first trip since telling you.”
“I know.” He stilled her fidgeting by twining his fingers through hers. “I’ve been dying to ask you about it, but didn’t want to be too pushy.”
She let out a soft chuckle. “Germania, around 80 AD. It must have been the Black Forest. It was so creepy.”
“Is that what’s bothering you?”
“No, I just… You know how I said we always go back to help someone or heal a situation?”
He nodded. 
“Well, this one just didn’t feel like it. The electus ‘motto’ I suppose you could say, was always ‘others before self.’ This time just felt…wrong.” She shook her head and wiggled her fingers free. “That’s so stupid. It wasn’t selfish; we were moving an important artifact so that it could easily be discovered. Someone will no doubt find it tomorrow and it’ll make their day.” The hope in Gemma’s voice diminished as she finished her sentence.
“You don’t believe your own argument.” 
“My dad said I needed to trust his judgment. Maybe there’s a bigger picture I’m missing.”
“You should talk to him about it when you get home.”
“He’s away on a business trip at the moment. He does a lot of analytical work for companies around the world, mainly Europe. I guess it’s kind of like a front for him. I should just forget about it. Trust him. He’s got a tough job and as far as I know, all of his decisions have led to good things.”
“So, he’s always the one who decides when and where you go?”
She nodded.
“I’m surprised he pulls you out of school so much.”
“It’s only ever for a few minutes and he usually tries to coordinate it with lunch breaks or after school. I get the impression that timing is kind of tricky. Being over there takes a toll on our bodies and so he tries to work it so that we’re there for the shortest amount of time possible.”
“What’s your longest trip?”
Gemma’s eyes narrowed in thought. “One day. Twenty-four minutes for you earthlings.”
He grinned. “You must have been toasted after that ride.”
“I think I was. I had only just started traveling. I was…thirteen? I didn’t used to get as tired then. I feel like the older I get, the more it drains me.”
Harrison didn’t like it. What did that mean for her future? Sensing the worry was a common factor flicking between them, he decided to lighten the mood with a simpler question.
“What was your first time like?”
“Petrifying, exciting, mind boggling.” Her lips toyed with a smile. “My mom started prepping me when I was twelve, so it wasn’t like I didn’t know what was happening to me, but it did still freak me out.”
Harrison shook his head, a little in awe of it all. He couldn’t even imagine winding up in some foreign place in a completely different year. It was bizarre. 
Gemma stretched out her legs and shuffled on the bed, her agitation over the recent trip still evident. She folded her legs back up beneath her, but not before he spotted something on her ankle. Grabbing her foot, he wriggled it free and ran his thumb lightly over the skin. 
“Hey,” she complained as he twisted her foot for a better look.
“You have another birthmark.”
Her cheeks flushed pink as she grimaced. “Yes.”
“This one seems to be staying put.”
“Yeah. That one’s normal.”
“But it looks the same as your other one.”
She shrugged.
“Do the rest of your family have birthmarks that come and go?” He ran his hand up her calf muscle.
“No. According to my mom they are quite common for time spirits, but we don’t all get them. I’m the only one who seems cursed with the telling mark.” Gemma’s eyes narrowed at him before turning thoughtful. “You know in saying that, you seem to be the only person who has ever noticed it before.”
“Yeah, well maybe I’m the only person smart enough to study you so closely.” He kissed her collarbone and was rewarded with the desired effect. Her mark burned bright.
“Would you stop that, you’re going to make me blush.”
“Stopping kissing you? Never.” 
He placed his lips softly on the curve of her neck, making her cheeks flame red. He let out a low chuckle as he pulled back and shuffled her body around so he could wrap his arm around her shoulders. The feel of her nestled against him was heavenly. He wondered if her body burned as much as his did. Would he ever get used to the feeling? He hoped not. 
“So, tell me more about how your dad gets you to travel together?”
“I don’t exactly know how traveling works, but we’re all linked to my father. I’m pretty sure it’s because we have the same blood.” She shrugged. “He’s the one that controls when we leave and when we come back. That way we don’t have to be near one another in order to go anywhere.”
“So, if he had to, your father could bring you home at any time?”
“Yeah, but he usually doesn’t. Although he did recently.”
“What happened?”
“I got separated from the others and when my parents found out I was alone they panicked. It was really bizarre. Everything was under control. I felt really bad because I had to leave that little girl all by herself.”
“Which little girl?”
“Emilie.” Gemma’s voice glimmered with pride.
“Emilie Clayton?” Harrison voice trembled. 
“Yes.”
“So, that explains your dreamy expression in the car when I told you that story. Your birthmark was practically shining. I’ve been trying to figure that one out.”
“You made my day with that story. I thought the men chasing us would have found her for sure, but we got lucky and listen to our reward.”
Harrison’s heart skipped a beat as he watched her face. Emilie was right; this girl was an angel.
“What’s the Latin word for angel?”
“Hmm?” Gemma turned to him with a confused frown.
“Angel. What’s the Latin word for it?”
“Um,” she closed her eyes, “angelus, I think.”
“That’s a much better title for you. That’s what I’m going to call you from now on.” He turned her face toward him. “My spatia angelus.” 

Chapter Fifteen
St. Augustine, Florida - 2011 AD

It was Friday afternoon. The Stingray was parked at Anastasia National Park along with a dozen other vehicles. It had been a tense week at school with workloads increasing, Gemma traveling more than normal and then nearly getting caught kissing behind the gymnasium. Gemma had been so pissed off with Harrison for jumping her and nearly getting them in trouble that she didn’t speak to him for the rest of the day.
He was trying to make amends by joining her for her afternoon jog at the beach before heading home. Harrison leaned against his car and looked skyward. The clouds were grey and brewing. He figured it wouldn’t be long before they were standing in the rain. Seemed like they’d got back at the perfect time.
He grabbed the edge of Gemma’s sweaty shirt and pulled her toward him. Thankfully, she fell into his arms with a soft giggle. Feeling forgiven, he nuzzled her neck and grinned. This was where she belonged. It was nice being so open about it all. 
The car two lots away beeped. Gemma jumped out of his arms as two people approached and opened the doors. He grabbed her hand and pulled her to his side.
“We don’t even know those people, Gem.”
“We might have.”
He frowned. “I don’t see why we can’t just be ourselves. We’ve been sneaking around for three weeks now. I don’t care what people say. I’m sick of this.” He reached for her hand. “I’m proud to be with you. I don’t want to pretend we’re not together at school anymore.” He kissed her knuckles, making her blush.
“You’re sweet, but can we just keep things under cover for a little longer? Please.”
Harrison sighed. 
He guessed it wasn’t all bad. They had managed to work their schedules so that Gemma stayed late three days out of the week. Her mom thought she was studying with Courtney in the library. Everyone at school still thought the couple barely knew each other and had no idea they were secretly meeting up. They tried to spend as much of the weekend together as possible, but sneaking out and lying was taking its toll on Gemma. She always arrived agitated and tense. 
Thankfully she seemed happy to spend time at his place. The beach and his house had become their havens…unless of course there were people at the beach and then she spent most of her time looking over her shoulder.
He rolled his eyes. It wasn’t okay. He was over it.
She kissed his cheek and was about to apologize. He stopped her with a finger to the lips. Hearing those two little words again wasn’t going to change anything. He cleared his throat and looked out to the ocean.
“Still want to go hiking tomorrow?”
“Definitely. I’ve told my mom I’m meeting Courtney for shopping at ten, so we’ll have to swing by a mall on the way home to quickly grab some stuff… Make it look legit.”
He suppressed his eye roll and distracted himself with his next move instead. Since he had her there, he may as well take advantage of the situation. 
Her sweet smile grew a mile wide as he leaned toward her. 
He could have kept the kiss going until nightfall and sensed she felt the same. Using every ounce of self-control, he pulled away. They were both a fiery, blushing mess. 
“See you tomorrow.”
“Bye.”
She had parked her Ducati at the other end of the lot, hoping no one would connect their two vehicles. He watched her stride towards it. Her steps looked light and happy, making him smile. 
“Well, ain’t that just adorable.”
Harrison cringed. He didn’t have to turn around to recognize the condescending tone. Before he took another breath, a hand clamped onto the back of his shirt and whipped him around. His back slammed into the car door, making him wince. He spotted Jordan’s two goons smirking behind him. His heart sagged as he realized his chances of successfully running were zilch.
“What do you want, Jordan?”
“I want you to stay away from my girl.”
Harrison couldn’t stop the grin. “Your girl? I thought she hated you.”
“You thought wrong!” Jordan grabbed the front of his shirt and slammed him into the car again. “You little weed, going after my sister then ditching her for a girl you got no right to. That freak belongs to me.”
A black anger flashed in front of Harrison. He pushed the bulking senior away from him and enjoyed watching him stumble backwards.
“Gemma doesn’t belong to anybody. She can choose who she wants and she chose me. So stay away from my girl.”
Harrison straightened his shirt and was digging his keys from his pocket when Jordan came toward him with a ferocious roar. He tried to block the blow like Gemma had taught him, but mistimed it and got a fist in the face. Pain pulsed from one cheek to the other as he was pounded a second time and knocked to the ground.
Jordan’s foot swung toward him. He caught it with his hands and pushed it away. The bully snorted like a rhino and charged him again, but his body was flung out of view before it connected. He glanced up to see Gemma standing over him. Her face was steel, her muscles bunched for battle.
Jordan stood up, rubbing his throat after the clothesline move she’d inflicted. His lips curled with rage.
“I don’t want to fight you.” She raised her hands. “Please just walk away, Jordan.”
“Like that’s ever gonna happen.”
His fists bunched into cannon balls as he stepped in her direction. She blocked his first punch with ease and pushed him back. Harrison went to get up, but she ordered him down. Jordan was indicating to his buddies that three on one would be a fair fight. 
“I mean it, you guys. Walk away while you still have the chance.”
She may as well have waved a red cape in front of them. Jordan snorted and balled his fists again.
Unperturbed by the bulls, Gemma crouched into a fighting stance and took them on together. It was like watching a well-choreographed dance. Her kicks were elegant, her powerful punches impressive. She looked like she wasn’t even breaking a sweat as she downed one guy with a kick to the crotch before stretching back her leg and dispatching the other with a boot to the gut. She finished off Jordan with a punch to the face that had him whirling to the asphalt. Rolling over with a groan, Jordan dabbed at his nose, his eyes popping wide with surprise as he noted the blood on his fingertips.
Straightening her shoulders and flexing her neck, Gemma stood over his slumped form.
“You done?” She quirked her left eyebrow and let a small smile flit across her face. He stood on shaking limbs and chased after his buddies, mumbling empty threats as he went.
She watched them leave. Her posture slowly relaxed, but Harrison noted the slightly shaking hand that ran over her head and down her ponytail.
He stood up. His face was throbbing and he felt useless. The role reversal in this relationship was going to take some getting used to. Sure, it was sexy that his girlfriend just kicked butt, but wasn’t that his job?
Gemma gently held his chin, turning his face to examine the damage. “I don’t think you’ll avoid a black eye.” She looked guilty. “Sorry I didn’t get here sooner. I didn’t see Jordan until I was already at my bike.”
“Don’t worry about it.” He brushed a tendril of hair behind her ears. “You were…outstanding.”
“And you forgot everything I taught you.”
“Where was I supposed to run?” 
She grinned. “I mean about the fighting.”
“Oh.” He frowned. “I guess I need more practice.”
“That can be arranged.” 
Her wink made him smile, but it soon faded. “I think our cover’s blown.”
“Yeah.” Gemma sighed, running a hand down her ponytail. “I guess that’s not all bad.”
“Really? I thought you’d be freaking out.”
“I’m a little worried. But as long as my parents don’t find out, we’re safe. And…” She shrugged. “At least it means I can do this…” She stepped up to him and laced her fingers behind his neck. “And this…” She pressed her lips against his, stealing his breath and knocking his senses to Jupiter. “Whenever I want.” She finally finished with a grin so big it made him laugh. 
“Good to know.” He placed his hands on her hips and kissed her softly. He knew she was putting on a brave front for him. “It’ll be okay, Gem. A little gossip’s not going to stop this. Nothing can.”
He kissed her again. She returned it, but he could feel her hesitation. Somehow he knew she wasn’t thinking about school anymore. 

*****

The rumors started as a low murmur. Come Monday morning it was well spread that Harrison was dating the freak. He found it totally ironic that there was no mention of his bumping into Jordan. As far as the story went, Jordan had broken his nose playing football on the beach with his buddies, whereas Harrison had scored his black eye when he tripped over while running and landed on a rock. That was actually the story he’d used on his mother so he wasn’t worried about that one circulating.
He kept his lips closed about Jordan and held his head high, taking each jibe with a wink and a smile. If they knew Gemma even a quarter as well as he did they would turn five shades of green.
Clutching the strap of his bag, Harrison quietly sauntered through the library, weaving his way to the back corner. 
A smile curled his lips when he spotted Gemma, knees up to her chin, engrossed in a novel. Her nose was twitching and she kept tipping her head to the side, a sure sign she wasn’t taking in a word on the page.
“Hey.” He snuggled in beside her, stretching his arm around her shoulders. 
Feeling completely safe in this secluded environment, she shuffled into his embrace. “I thought you were eating in the cafeteria today.”
“I am. I just came to get you.”
She shot away from him as if she’d been stung. “What?”
“I want you to meet my friends.”
“No! Forget it.” She shuffled so far out of his reach that she fell off the pillows and landed on the floor.
He chuckled softly and reached for her hand. Hauling her back up beside him, he held her tense body tight.
“Just because everyone now knows doesn’t mean we have to flaunt it,” said Gemma.
“Who said anything about flaunting? I just don’t want to spend every lunchtime in the library.”
“You don’t have to,” she mumbled into his shoulder. “You can eat with your friends and I’ll eat here.”
“I want you to have lunch with me in the cafeteria.” He repeated the words slowly.
“I don’t think your friends like me very much.”
“That’s because they don’t know you.” He squeezed her shoulder. “It’s important we start getting to know each other’s friends. We don’t want to become this reclusive couple that everybody hates.”
She leaned back to look at him. “In case you haven’t noticed, I don’t have any friends.”
“A problem I am trying to remedy.” He stood to his feet and dragged her north.
“I can’t do this.”
“Yes, you can.” He squeezed her hand. “I won’t leave your side. It’ll be fine.”
He pulled her out of the library. Her steps grew heavier as they inched closer to those dreaded double doors. He could feel her palms grow sweaty and he swore if she didn’t stop chewing on her lip it would start bleeding.
Stopping outside the doors, he held her face in his hands. “Now breathe and relax. This won’t hurt a bit.”
He pushed the door open with his butt and pulled her inside. He wasn’t sure what she had been expecting. Maybe a quiet hush and all eyes drilling into her, but it didn’t happen. The noisy buzz of the cafeteria didn’t falter. Sure, as people spotted them the buzz grew faster and louder, but only until he’d collected a tray of food and sat down next to Darren.
Gemma had refused a tray. It took a firm tug on her hand to get her to sit next to him, but sit she did. He placed an apple in front of her. She picked it up and nibbled at the skin.
“So.” Harrison smiled at his buddies. “This is Gemma.” He nodded toward her. 
She tried on a smile, but it came out as a weird grimace instead. He bit back his grin.
“Hey.” Courtney beamed.
In contrast, Dana and Chelsea looked as if they’d just shared a glass of arsenic.
“Excuse me. I have to go.” Dana stood from the table and strutted away with Chelsea two steps behind.
Courtney rolled her eyes and Darren fidgeted with his fork, looking awkward. Between Gemma’s apple nibbling and the sidelong glances from everyone at the table, it was a painful two minutes. Harrison was scrambling for easy conversation when he was rescued by the hulking form of Dominic Hart.
“Hey, little sis.”
Her lips jumped into a quick smile before she reverted her eyes to the table, perfecting a Hunchback of Notredam impersonation.
Dom grinned and leaned over the table. “You look so scared you might puke. Need a bucket?” he whispered.
Her look was as dry as the salt flats, but her lips did twitch.
“Dominic, move your big behind so I can sit down, please.” Ruby’s petite hand shoved his shoulder to the side. She squeezed in beside him and a junior who was scared off after a pointed eyebrow raise. “That’s better.” She gave Harrison a broad grin.
He felt Gemma jerk beside him. 
“Ow.” She rubbed her shin and shot her sister a black look. 
“Well, are you going to introduce me to your friends?”
Gemma cleared her throat and shuffled in her seat as she made the quick intros.
It was easy to see that the presence of these two popular seniors had everyone a little in awe. Courtney giggled as Dom commented on the grossness of his chicken sub, yet ate it anyway. Darren sat goo-goo eyed as he watched Ruby pick at her salad. Gemma kept nibbling her food, but Harrison could sense she felt a bit more confident with her siblings beside her.
The twins rambled on in easy conversation, trying to draw Gemma out of her shell. She said a few small words, but remained pretty quiet as he engaged in an animated discussion about Jackie Chan movies with Dom.
Harrison put his hand under the table and squeezed Gemma’s knee. Her tight-lipped smile was starting to relax. He kept his hand in place, hoping to ease the rest of the tension from her body. 
“Oh, there’s Felicity.” Dom straightened his shoulders.
“Going to make your move, Mr. Stallion?” Ruby smirked.
“No, I’m just going to ease my way in. A nice casual hello. I’ll be subtle.”
“Oh please, you’re about as subtle as a fireworks display.”
Gemma chuckled. It was a sweet sound that floated across the table and everyone who didn’t know her suddenly paused to watch. Harrison saw Darren and Courtney both look at each other and grin. So the freak knew how to smile.
As Dom left the table, with Ruby following in his wake seconds later, Courtney shuffled down so she was sitting opposite Gemma. Darren slid his tray along and started mumbling about the latest action movie to hit the screen. Before Gemma knew what she was doing, she entered into the conversation and by the end of lunch the four of them had agreed to see it on Friday night.
Harrison couldn't help a triumphant grin as Gemma munched her apple to the core. Leaning forward, he wrapped his arm around her waist and whispered, “Hey, you’re still alive. Well done.”
She pinched his hand with a grin.
“Think you can do this again sometime?”
She nodded then looked at him. Her eyes shone with gratitude. She blinked a couple of times then grabbed her lip with her teeth. Squeezing her middle, he pecked her cheek and stood as the bell rang. She let him hold her hand all the way to class.

Chapter Sixteen
St. Augustine, Florida - 2011 AD

Gemma fidgeted with her locker handle as she inconspicuously studied Courtney’s curls. They bobbed erratically as she threw her head back and laughed.
Gemma’s lips toyed with a smile. According to her mother they were really good friends. Gemma wondered if she should try striking up a friendship in an attempt to make things just a little more legit. It would definitely help ease the guilt. 
The idea of using Courtney felt wrong though. 
But was she really using her?
The Friday night movie thing seemed to be real enough. She didn’t even want to think about how nervous she was. Yesterday’s lunch did prove that nerves could be eased though. At least Courtney smiled at her.
The small girl was talking to Darren right now. She smiled up at him as she danced lightly from one foot to the other. Darren’s hand ran up and down his bag strap. His smile was crooked as he dipped his head then flicked his hand up with a casual wave.
Courtney watched him leave then completed two playful twirls on the spot. She looked to the ceiling then down to the floor with a blush before heading in Gemma’s direction. Instantly shy, Gemma hid her head back inside her locker and kept busy organizing her books for next period. 
“Hey, Gemma.” 
“Oh, hi, Courtney.” A nervous smile twittered over Gemma’s features as she turned to greet the girl.
Courtney stopped at her locker a couple along and turned the dial. Gemma watched her for a moment trying to think of something interesting to say. 
Courtney saved her the trouble. “Do you think Darren’s cute?”
“I’m sorry?”
“Darren Kidman. Do you think he’s good looking?” Courtney leaned against the closed locker next to her and twirled a strand of her hair.
“Um.” Gemma glanced back to where he had departed. “Yeah, I guess so.”
“Hmmm.” Courtney’s lips bunched then broke into a smile. “I think he likes me.” She turned back to her locker and began shuffling through her books.
This would have been the perfect chance for Gemma to slip away with a polite nod, but it was also the perfect opportunity to start something that could potentially make future discussions with her mother much easier. 
She took a twitchy step toward Courtney. “Really? Why do you say that?”
Completely oblivious to Gemma’s shaking limbs, Courtney gathered up her books and closed her locker with her elbow. “Oh. Well yesterday, I dropped my phone when I was leaving school and I didn’t notice. He found it and drove to my house to drop it off.”
“Oh.” Gemma nodded with a slight frown.
Courtney nudged Gemma’s shoulder and grinned. “So, guys don’t go to that effort if they’re not interested, right?”
“Of course they don’t.” Gemma smiled, pretending she totally got it.
“I thought he was going to ask me on a date just before, but I think he chickened out.”
“He did look nervous.” Gemma bit her cheek then shrugged. “Why don’t you ask him?”
“Call me old fashioned, but I like the guy to make the first move.” 
“He did drive to your house.” 
“True.” Courtney nodded with a grin. “I actually invited him in and showed him around. We sat in my room talking for nearly an hour.” Her cheeks glowed. “My dad wasn’t home. He doesn’t like boys being in our bedrooms, but…” She looked down the hall to where Darren had been standing. “Some guys are worth breaking the rules for.”
Her eyes were dreamy. 
Gemma smiled as she watched her. She thought of Harrison and the impact of first seeing him. She’d known within a second that he spelled trouble for her. All that time she’d spent fighting a battle she knew she would ultimately lose. Gemma ran her hand down her ponytail. This was only the beginning. Somehow she knew that she would bend or break whatever rules she had to if it meant staying with him. The rebellious thought was terrifying…and thrilling.
“I know what you mean.” 
Courtney shot her a wink as she shoved the last book in her bag and zipped it closed. 
“I hope Darren asks you soon.”
“Me too.” Courtney giggled. “Although who knows what might happen on Friday night.” Her eyes were dancing and Gemma couldn’t help feeling a small spurt of excitement. “Nice talking to you, Gem.”
“Oh,” Gemma blushed. “Yeah, you, um…you too.”
She grinned. “See you around.”
“Bye… See ya, Courtney.”
Gemma watched the girl bounce away and covered her face in self-loathing. She must come across as such a blithering idiot. She hated how nervous she got. One simple conversation and she was ready to go into cardiac arrest. She didn’t understand how she was capable of fighting off basically any foe, but couldn’t hold a casual conversation with a high school student!
“Hey, beautiful.” Harrison grabbed her hand as he walked passed. He sauntered forward with a triumphant grin. She knew he was loving the whole reveal. “Can I walk you to class?”
She smiled, surprised by how divine it felt to hold his hand at school. Gemma felt the effects of his presence immediately. Her nervous jitters were chased away and within moments she felt lighter. 
“Where were you two minutes ago?” she mumbled.
“Why? What happened?”
“I just spoke to Courtney and I was so nervous and stupid.”
Harrison grinned. “I’m sure you were fine. What did you talk about?”
“Darren. I think they like each other. She’s pretty sure he likes her anyway. He went to her house to drop something off.”
“He definitely likes her then.” Harrison nodded. “Guys don’t go the extra mile if they’re not interested.”
“That’s what she said.” 
The couple slowed as they approached Gemma’s class. She glanced at her watch, feeling bad that Harrison would probably be late for his class now.
“You’re worth it.” He grinned.
Her insides tingled. Since the hallway was empty she gave him a quick kiss on the lips. “I’ll see you in History.”
“I’d like to see your house.” 
Harrison’s random comment brought Gemma to a screeching halt. “What?”
“Your house. I’d like to go there sometime.”
“Why?”
He reached for her hand and ran his thumb over her knuckles. “So I can picture you in it.”
The tingling grew to a warm glow. “I guess I have seen yours.” She grinned then bit her cheek and looked to the floor. “My dad’s away and Mom’s working this afternoon. If we leave straight after school…”
Harrison kissed her.
“You two have thirty seconds to get to class or I’m issuing detentions.” The stern voice of Mr. Clark pulled them apart and had them scooting in opposite directions. Gemma glanced back at Harrison’s quickly retreating form. The idea of showing him around her place was a little scary, but…
He wants to picture me there!
Holding in her giddy sigh, she glided to her seat and sat down with a dreamy smile.

*****

Harrison parked his car three blocks from Gemma’s house then jumped on the back of her bike. He wasn’t sure why he wanted to see her house so badly. It’s not like he was expecting time spirit memorabilia—if there was such a thing—to be openly displayed. He was just intrigued. The more he learned about Gemma, the more he liked her. The idea of picturing exactly where she was when she was sneaking him a text message was somewhat tantalizing.
A few minutes later, they were passing through two huge gates. Gemma pulled the bike around the circular driveway and parked alongside the ornate water feature. Harrison had been expecting nice, but he was almost intimidated gazing up at the palatial home.
“I know. It’s ridiculous.” Gemma half-grinned as she took Harrison’s hand and pulled him through the stunning Japanese-style gardens around to the back door of the garage. She unlocked the door and paused just inside to listen for any noise. Harrison noticed the four-car garage was empty and figured they were alone, but Gemma still treaded cautiously as they crept through the internal access door.
They padded down the tiled hall and stopped in the archway of the modern kitchen. It was twice the size of his kitchen. The island in the middle was the same size as their dining room table.
“Do you want a drink?” Gemma shoved her hands in the back pockets of her jeans and rolled onto the sides of her feet. 
Harrison smiled and shook his head. “Just a tour’s fine.”
“Okay.” She grinned. “Well, this is the kitchen and the dining room is through here.” She pointed and led him through the adjacent archway and into an elegant dining room with a beautifully carved ten-seater table. Everything looked expensive. It was a far cry from the mish mash of furniture he had at his place. 
They continued the tour, through the front entranceway with the chandelier and up the sweeping staircase to the bedrooms. The first room she showed him housed a mammoth TV and enough equipment to fulfill every entertainment need. His mouth dropped open as he eyed the two walls of DVDs.
“Dom, the movie buff.” 
Harrison nodded mutely before being dragged into the biggest bathroom he’d ever seen. As he went from one astonishment to another, he noticed Gemma’s agitation grow. The tour became quicker and it wasn’t until he forced her to stop outside the next door that he found out what she was thinking. 
“You think this place is really ostentatious, don’t you?”
“No.” Harrison rubbed the base of Gemma’s back. “Just different.”
“They like nice stuff. It’s always got to be the best, you know?”
He tucked a strand of hair behind her ear. “This house is amazing, Gem. I think it’s great.”
“Yeah, but it doesn’t have the same cozy home feel as your place, does it?”
Harrison swallowed down the resounding yes and cleared his throat with a grin. “It’s yours and I can picture you here. Thanks for showing me around.”
Gemma nodded with a nervous smile and pointed at the next door.
“My room.”  She turned the handle and led him inside.
A slow smile worked across his face as he studied the finely crafted furniture. The walls were a soft mauve, her bed cover deep purple. The pictures on the walls were ornately framed. He inspected the various fun-filled shots of Ruby and Dom along with the formal family photo. He deduced Gemma must have been around twelve in the photo. She was beautiful then too. He shone her a smile, which made her promptly blush. 
“Your skin is a lot darker than the rest of your family.”
“I know, apparently there’s some Navajo in our history. Managed to skip all of them and land on me.”
Harrison wondered why she sounded disappointed. She had the look of a super model and she didn’t even know it.
She watched him slowly peruse her room, biting her cheek and fidgeting with her fingers. 
He leaned against the large wooden desk in the corner. “I like your room.”
Her smile was adorable. “I text you from in the closet.” She walked past him and opened the door, revealing a huge walk-in wardrobe. “Just under here.” She pointed to the back corner. “I have to lock the bathroom door in case Ruby waltzes in, but she wouldn’t care. She’s helped me keep you a secret so far.”
“It doesn’t bother her?”
“Well she can hardly talk. She’s practically dated every senior in the school.” Gemma’s nose wrinkled. “Although she’d probably flip if she knew how I felt. She’s always going on about keeping things casual and light. I don’t know if I can do that with you.”
Gemma turned beet red as she suddenly registered the words coming out of her mouth. 
He chuckled softly at her mortification and drew her back into the room. 
“Come on, there’s one more room I want to show you.” She grabbed his hand and pulled him down the main stairs, through the games room into what looked like a closet. She flicked on the light, revealing a second door with a keypad. She put in the combination and the door clicked open.
They wallked down a narrow staircase and into a huge room that looked to be the same size as the ground floor of his house. To one side was a complete set of gym equipment. In the center of the room was a raised platform with padded flooring. Glass cupboards lined the walls and held every weapon from long swords to rapiers, bows and arrows, through to 18th Century pistols. 
“Whoa.” Harrison moved to inspect the contents. “This is amazing! Where’d you get all this stuff?”
Gemma shrugged, grabbing the key and unlocking the cupboard so he could inspect a medieval bow more closely. “Dad’s spent his life hunting it down. Before we were born he used to travel back, find what he needed, and store it somewhere safe so he could dig it up years later.”
“How often do you train?” Harrison gently lifted the bow and pulled the string back.
“Every weekend, unless Mom and Dad are away. We spend the first half of the morning on hand-to-hand combat and the second half on weaponry.”
Harrison shook his head. He couldn’t have found words if he’d tried.
“Anyway.” Gemma took the bow from him and gently replaced it. “I brought you here for practice. Take off your shoes and jump up here.” She slapped the padded platform.
He did as commanded. She then went about working his sorry ass until he was sweating. 
Punching. 
Kicking. 
Blocking. 
Repetitive drills.
Corrections. 
He braced his hands on his knees and watched droplets form on the ends of his hair as he panted. 
“That was good.” Gemma slapped his back. “Let’s do it again.” She stood straight and walked back to her position.
“Let’s not.” He ran toward her and tackled her to the ground. She let out a yelp and began to laugh as she shuffled beneath him. He pinned her arms to the floor.
“Harrison, get off me.”
“In a minute.” He gazed into her eyes for a long moment before kissing her.
The slow fire simmered along his lips then down through his body as he drew her deeper into the kiss. Running his fingers down her body, he tucked them underneath her shirt and ran his hands up her smooth flesh. The fire raced down his arms. Gemma ran her fingers into his hair, grasping a handful as she sank into his kiss. Harrison’s body felt like it was flaming blue as his thoughts jumped to places he wanted to go with this girl. His mind warned him they should stop now or he might not be able to control himself. 
Were they ready for this? His body screamed a very firm yes, but…
“Gemma? You’re home early. Where are you sweetheart?”
They jumped apart as if electrocuted. 
Gemma’s eyes were as wide as saucers. She roughly shoved Harrison toward the gym equipment. Pushing him onto his stomach behind the treadmill, she ordered him not to move as she threw on a pair of boxing gloves. He tried to slow his breathing as he listened to Gemma pound the bag with venom.
“Gemma?” He heard a female voice followed by the quick clip of heels on stairs.
“Oh, hey, Mom.” 
Harrison could hear the nervous twitter in her voice. He hoped her mother didn’t notice it. 
Part of him wanted to stand tall and reveal all. He hated the thought of Gemma battling this out on her own, but hated the thought of being screamed from the house even more. Who knew what kind of restrictions her parents may enforce if they knew the truth.
“What are you doing home so early? I thought you were studying with Courtney this afternoon.”
“Yeah. She had to cancel.” Gemma sighed. “I thought I might as well come home. Aren’t you supposed to be at work?”
“Yes. I just forgot my phone.” 
There was a horrible pause. 
Harrison watched a drop of his sweat hit the concrete floor and prayed her mother didn’t have super sonic hearing. He could almost picture Mrs. Hart sniffing the air as her suspicions grew.
Don’t bite your cheek, Gem. Just stay cool.
“Are you okay, Mom?”
“I’m just wondering why you’re down here working out in school clothes instead of upstairs doing your homework.”
“Oh.” Gemma’s laughter sounded forced. “I… I just felt like burning off some energy. Sorry, I know I should have gotten changed first.”
“Yes, well clothes can be washed, but still, Gemma, you know the rules?”
“I know, I know.” Harrison heard the ripping of velcro as Gemma took off her gloves. “I’ll go change.”
“No, it’s okay. Just five more minutes then I want you upstairs, showered and hitting the books.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
Another long pause.
“And if you’re home for the night you should park your bike in the garage.”
“Oh, I will, um, I just thought I might go for a ride later…if I finish my homework in time. Is that okay?”
“A workout, homework, and a bike ride? Aren’t you trying to fit a little too much in?”
“I guess.”
“Make sure you’re home for dinner with the twins. I have patient testing then a meeting. I should be home by nine.”
“Okay. Hope it goes well.”
“Me too. Love you, sweetie.”
“Love you, Mom.”
The air went very still as Mrs. Hart clipped up the stairs and shut the door. He stayed lying down for a few moments more then slowly stood up, checking for sounds upstairs. 
Gemma was frozen in place, staring at the wall.
“Hey.” Harrison slid his hand down her back, making her jump. “That was close.”
“I shouldn’t have brought you here.”
“Gem?”
“You can’t come here again. Ever. If she caught you…” Gemma shook her head. “There… They can’t know. It’ll be over if they know.”
“I understand.” Harrison kept rubbing her back, trying to ease the waves of nervous tension radiating from her body. The pale face and cheek chewing had him worried. “Gemma, maybe we should just tell them, get this out—”
“I can’t. I can’t do it.” Her body was so taut he thought her muscles might snap.
“I’m sorry to put you in this position. I know you hate lying.”
She let out a big sigh, her shoulders drooping as her eyes studied the floor. 
After what seemed an age, she looked up at him with a soft smile. “You’re worth it.”
Her kiss was tender. Harrison held her face and relished the feeling. They had been official for just under a month and it was enough to solidify the welling feeling inside of him. He knew it was ridiculous to fall for someone so quickly. He knew he was playing with fire. But he’d rather get burned with Gemma than freeze without her.

Chapter Seventeen
St. Augustine, Florida - 2011 AD

Gemma stood in the doorway of the library pondering the new phenomena in her life. One, she had an amazing boyfriend who, after two and a half months, still looked at her as though she were the most precious jewel on earth. 
Two, in spite of the news spreading like a bush fire at school, she was managing to keep it all under wraps at home. Her biggest fears were not being met and it was a pleasant surprise. Her mother was so relieved she had a friend that Gemma was able to avoid the third degree whenever she got home late. 
The third phenomenon, and the most bizarre in her opinion, was the fact that she had managed to strike up a real friendship with Darren and Courtney, who incidentally started dating after their first Friday night movie. 
Courtney had kept up her smiles and small offers of friendship, finally breaking Gemma’s shell. They had lunch together almost every day now in the cafeteria, and they hung out on weekends too. They had been to the movies three times, even once on their own when the boys had both been busy. Gemma had been so nervous about the event she had nearly chickened out a couple of times, but Harrison said he’d be really disappointed if she didn’t go, so she did…and she’d had a totally fun time. Courtney was sweet, occasionally ditzy, and very easy to be around. She was always content with Gemma’s vague answers, which was perfect.
Gemma caught the small hand waving at her as she walked further into the library. A natural grin stretched over her face as she approached the group.
“Hey, guys.” She dumped her books on the table and slid into the seat next to Harrison.
“What took you so long?” He kissed her nose in greeting.
“I had to go to the bathroom.” She shot him a quick wink, letting him know that this time was, in fact, just a normal bathroom break.
Pulling her books toward her, she shuffled through the pages, looking for her notes. Mr. Lomax had landed them with a huge assignment leading up to the end of the semester. Most of the class had groaned; Harrison’s eyes had lit with excitement and Gemma’s stomach had dropped with fear. 
The task was to build an intricate family tree, tracing back as far through their personal genealogy as possible and to then choose an interesting ancestor to write a full report on. 
Harrison had thrown himself into the task and after much cajoling finally got out of Gemma that she didn’t know much about her family history and was afraid to investigate. The subject was always a little taboo in their house for some reason and with Gemma already treading on eggshells to keep her school life hidden, she didn’t want to make any waves. When she had casually mentioned the assignment to her parents, their faces had blanched and her mother had walked toward the phone chattering on about how she would call Mr. Lomax and get her out of the task. Gemma was mortified and after much discussion they had decided it was safer for her just to make something up, so she was currently compiling a list of people in history that could possibly be related to her. 
“I can’t believe my great-great-great-grandfather was a bank robber.” Harrison slumped back in his seat with a sigh.
“Aren’t you more mortified that your great-great-great-grandmother was a saloon girl.” Courtney put it delicately, making Gemma giggle.
Darren rolled his eyes. “I can’t believe you’ve traced your family history back that far. You’re making me look bad, Granger.”
“Well, my mother’s side has been relatively easy to trace. Besides, it’s interesting.”
“Geek,” Darren mumbled.
“Are you going to do your report on…” Gemma leaned over his notes. “Wallace 'Coyote' Granger, wanted dead or alive?”
He shot her a dry look. “I haven’t decided yet.”
“I think he sounds interesting.”
“I think you should do it on your great-great-great-grandmother.” Darren’s eyebrows wiggled up and down.
“I think you should concentrate on your own work.” Courtney gave him a quick slap on the arm.
Gemma choked down her laughter as she watched the interplay. She didn’t realize having friends could be so much fun. She never thought it would be possible, but Harrison made her feel so safe that she never needed to worry about letting her secret slip or being embarrassed about her quick departures. He was always there to cover for her and made it look so innocent and natural that she almost believed him.
A warm hand slid over her knee and rested on her thigh. She felt the sparks fly up her body. She glanced at her boyfriend. With his free hand he continued writing his notes, his eyes flicking from old newspaper clippings he had printed to the assignment sheet from Mr. Lomax. 
His incessant need to always be touching her, even in the smallest way, was a huge bonus Gemma hadn’t expected. They still hadn’t slept together and if she was honest Gemma felt relieved, she wasn’t quite ready for that step in spite of the fact she could sometimes devour her boyfriend. They couldn’t seem to get enough of each other. 
They had both found excuses to do their homework together at school before heading home at night. Gemma had made dinner at Harrison’s place a weekly event and the weekends were now filled with trips to nearby National Parks and long drives in the Stingray. Harrison was still trying to wrangle the keys to the Ducati, but she hadn’t relented yet. She wasn’t quite ready to see someone else speeding down the highway on her baby. Harrison was playing mean and not letting her drive his car either so they remained at an impasse. She wondered who would break first. 
Turning back to her own work, she pulled out her printouts and began skimming the text for information she could use.
Silence descended as they each absorbed themselves in their work and it wasn’t until Gemma glanced up a few minutes later that she felt her insides run cold.
“Courtney, what are you looking at?”
“Oh this?” She lifted her pages with a frown. “My English teacher wants us to look at the history of language.”
“Can I see the symbols on that sheet?” Gemma tried to stop her hand from shaking as she reached over the table. Images of a stone emblem swinging back and forth in the moonlight flashed through her brain. 
“Sure.” Courtney handed it over, studying her expression with interest. “It’s the Latin alphabet.”
“Of course it is!” Gemma took the piece of paper and glanced over the images, quickly figuring out the writing on the side of the necklace. “Tita,” she whispered. She felt her face tighten with unrest. Tita was one of the electus. 
Surely it’s just a coincidence. Tita was a common name back then, wasn’t it?
“Babe, are you okay?” Harrison squeezed her leg, pulling her back to the present.
“Who’s Tita?” Courtney’s eyes were alight with the thrill of oncoming gossip.
“Um,” Gemma scrambled for something plausible. “I’ve been reading a book at home about this woman. It’s a mystery novel…” She suddenly found inspiration. “And I’ve been trying to figure out who this mystery woman is, but the only clues the author’s given away so far are these symbols.” Gemma waved the page in the air. “But now I know its Tita.”
“Oh bummer. Sorry for giving the ending away.”
“No, it’s fine.” Gemma pasted on a smile. “I don’t mind. I won’t have to be so obsessive about reading it now.”
She glanced at Harrison, keeping her smile intact, but he saw straight through it. Focusing her gaze on his, she let him read her mind and he gave her a slight nod before turning back to his work.
Gemma passed the sheet back to Courtney and tried to keep her heartbeat from drumming so loudly the whole library would hear.
Just last week they had re-distributed another artifact. It had been in a similar area to the Tita necklace. Ruby had gone in for retrieval that time.
I wonder if she knows anything.
Glancing up from her work, Gemma scanned the library patrons and spotted her sister’s perfect hair.
“Back in a sec.” She didn’t look back at the confused exchanges that no doubt followed her. 
“Hey, Rubes.” She wrapped her arm around her sister.
“Hey, Gemilicious. What’s up?”
Gemma squatted down next to her, leaning her arm against the table and keeping her voice low. “You know the trip we did to Germany last week. What artifact did Dad get you to retrieve?”
Ruby’s eyes darted around her with surprise. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“I was just wondering if it was a necklace with a stone emblem shaped like an arrow head.”
Ruby’s mouth dropped open a little. “How did you know that?”
“I collected something similar a while back. Listen, did it have markings on the side that look like the Latin alphabet?”
“That’s what they were.” Ruby shook her head. “I’ve been trying to figure out why they looked so familiar.” 
“Can you remember what they look like? Could you draw them for me?”
Her sister’s eyes narrowed. “Why do need to know this, Gem? You know we’re not supposed to talk about a mission after debriefing.”
“Yeah, I know.” Gemma shrugged. “This one just intrigues me. I want to know what these necklaces mean. What if it’s some romantic love story or really cool history that we’re going to read about soon. I don’t want to miss it.”
Surprisingly Ruby bought her lie.
I must be getting better.
“You are such a romantic sap now that you’re dating that Harrison guy. Seriously, Gem. You’re making me ill.” Ruby grabbed up her pen and started drawing.
“Oh come on, you’re just jealous.”
“Not even,” Ruby scoffed. “I got to make out with Brent Matthison last night. You’re just stuck with skinny boy over there. You should really play the field more, Gem.”
“Not a chance.” Gemma stood tall, grabbing the piece of paper from her sister’s hand before planting a kiss on her cheek.
She could feel Ruby’s gaze on her as she returned to her seat. She knew her sister sometimes worried about the fact she was so close to Harrison. She could feel a serious discussion brewing and was mentally preparing for it. She was stocking up her lie pile with everything from, “I’m thinking of dumping him after prom,” through to, “He’s too good a kisser to break up with yet.” 
As long as none of her family found out she had no intention of ever letting Harrison go then she shouldn’t have a problem.
Keep dreaming, Gem.
She quelled the frown for the sake of those around her. Every moment with Harrison was becoming more and more precious, she could feel the hands of doom ticking out a countdown, but she wasn’t willing to listen.
Reaching beneath the table, she found Harrison’s hand and wrapped her fingers within his. She knew he was never letting go. How was she supposed to?

*****

Harrison sat behind Gemma on his bed, peering over her shoulder. He toyed with her ponytail, letting the silky hair thread and fall through his fingers. 
“This site looks good.” 
She had asked to borrow his laptop as soon as dinner was finished. Opening up a search engine she had speedily typed in Latin alphabet and was now scanning the results.
Clicking open a page, they watched the screen come alive with symbols that looked similar to the ones she had clutched in her hand.
“Here we go.” She grabbed the pen next to her and wrote the English letter below each symbol. “Titus.” 
Her shoulders slumped.
“What?” Harrison wrapped his arm around her waist, pulling her closer. “What does that mean?”
“Okay.” Gemma leaned her head back on his shoulder. “So you know that trip I did where I relocated that artifact? Well, just last week, we did a similar one in basically the same area just a few hundred years later. I asked Ruby about it today in the library and she said it was the same thing. A necklace with symbols on the side.”
“They were Latin letters, weren’t they?”
“Yeah.”
“And yours said Tita.”
Gemma turned to peek at him. “Was my mystery novel story okay?”
“Courtney bought it.” 
“I can’t get anything past you."
“Sweetie, your eyes are an open book.”
“Only to you.” She gazed at him, her green eyes swirling with intensity. Harrison matched her expression then kissed her softly.
“So, I’m guessing the necklace Ruby took said Titus.” Harrison finally managed once his lips had regained some of their feeling. “What’s the big deal, Gem?”
“Well, Titus and Tita were part of the electus… You know, the original seven I told you about? Anyway, I know that when they all went their separate ways that two of them ended up in Germania. I was just wondering if these necklaces belonged to them. Why would my father want them to be discovered in a dig when we spend most of our lives trying to keep this history a secret?”
Gemma sat forward, restless. 
“Gem.” Harrison kneaded her shoulders. “I really think you should talk to your dad about this. Maybe he’s going to the dig sites himself and collecting them before they’re discovered.”
Gemma’s body stilled to consider this. Turning her head with a beaming smile, she let out a long sigh. “That’s it. That’s what it will be. Harrison, you’re a genius!” Swiveling her body, she placed a solid kiss on his lips, pushing him back against the bed so she could lie on top of him.
He ran his hands around her thin waist and up her back, drawing himself further into the kiss. The flame within him began to burn blue as it always did when they got a little carried away. He could feel the scorching heat radiating from his skin and she broke the bond just in time.
“I don’t want the bed to catch on fire.” Her lips quirked with amusement, but her eyes still gleamed with heat.
“It would be worth it.” 
“I know, but I’m not ready yet. I don’t think.” Her face crinkled with a frown and he smoothed it away with gentle fingers. 
“Gem, I told you, it’s fine. We’ve got all the time in the world.”
He hated that look of uncertainty that came into her eyes. Grabbing her face more firmly, he made her look at him. “Hey, we do. We’re going to make this work, Gem.”
“How?”
“We’ll make your parents realize that I am the most amazing guy on earth and we’re perfect for each other.”
A fleeting grin passed over her face, before she sighed. “They’ll never go for it, Harrison. You don’t know the whole story.” 
Harrison’s chest tightened. “Tell it to me then.”
Pushing off his chest, she flopped onto her back. “As the electus grew older, one of the seven, Decimus, thought they could help more people if they left their village and went out into the world. The three couples each left together and Decimus traveled on his own. 
“He was different from the rest. He had a gift that helped him read people. He could sense if something was good or bad and he was able to analyze situations with more depth than the others. Although Gaius was the leader, Decimus was the key. It was like he was the center of the star and the other six were the points.
“Anyway, he ended up…f-falling in love with an outsider…human. The story goes that he was so blinded by her beauty that he gave in to her every demand. She ended up finding out what he could do and she used him. In the end he betrayed the rest of the electus and nearly wiped us out altogether.”
Harrison squeezed her hand. “How did your people survive?” 
“The other six put their children into hiding, scattered them across the planet so they couldn’t be found. There is a strong bond between us though. That’s how they managed to find each other again over the years. My mom once told me that if I met another time spirit I would know. I’d be drawn to them.”
“Well, you were drawn to me. Maybe I can travel through time and just don’t know it.”
Gemma’s laughter shattered the somber mood. “Half the girls in the school are drawn to you, Harrison. I was just lucky to catch your attention.”
His smile was serious as he ran his finger down her face. “How could I not notice you? You’re meant to be mine.”
“That’s where my parents are going to disagree with you. After the whole Decimus thing, our people had to be more careful. We’ve fought a lot of battles over the centuries. Our survival hasn’t been easy and my parents would rather die than have any of their children ending up like Decimus.”
“But surely there are others of you who have married normal people.”
“Yeah there are, but according to my parents it weakens the race. I know they really hate that they’re not full blooded, pure time spirits.”
Gemma’s eyes grew distant and Harrison could sense her imagining a future without him.
Tipping her chin toward him, he whispered, “That’s not going to happen. I’m going to be there.”
“But there are rules…”
“Gem, there is an exception to every rule and we are going to be it. I’m not losing you.”
Her birthmark came to life, pulsing in time with her heartbeat.
“I love you,” he murmured.
Before she could say anything he pressed his lips to hers, meandering over the kiss until her fingers laced into his hair and the air around them ignited. 
He didn’t care what the legends said or who this Decimus was. Gemma and he belonged together and he would destroy anything that got in the way of that.

Chapter Eighteen
St. Augustine, Florida - 2011 AD

The hallway was crowded as per usual. Harrison walked toward the parking lot with the Hart siblings. Dom and Ruby were a riot. They absentmindedly squabbled as they dodged the bustle of students trying to break free for the weekend. Gemma crunched through an apple as she listened to Dom’s latest joke. Harrison caressed the back of her hand with his thumb. Her skin was soft and delicious, sending spikes of fire up his arm. She rolled her eyes then gave him a wink as Dom burst into laughter over the punch line. Thumping Ruby’s arm, he repeated it and Harrison kindly forced out a chuckle to help the guy along. 
“Oh, please.” Ruby shook her head then extracted her phone to check a text.
Ruby’s reaction made Harrison’s laughter genuine…and this was why he loved hanging out with these guys. Gemma’s hand suddenly jerked beneath his and he turned to see her beam of sunshine disappear beneath a black cloud.
“What’s up with you?” Dom frowned.
“I…have to go to the bathroom,” she said, handing her half eaten apple to Harrison.
Ruby threw the phone in her bag a moment later. “I might walk with you, Gemmalicious. I forgot something from my locker anyway.”
“Catch you guys later.” Gemma gave him a mournful look of farewell.
“I’ll wait for you by your bike.” He tried to boost his smile to full beam, but couldn’t quite make it shine. He hated knowing she was off to who knew where to get into who knew what kind of trouble.
Dom cleared his throat a second later. “I forgot to ask Rubes something. I better catch up with her.”
Harrison had been expecting the excuse, but tried not to let it show. He gave a casual wave of farewell and watched the guy stride purposefully away from him.
Walking out into the sunshine, he hitched his bag higher onto his shoulder and tried to figure out what was bothering him so much. They had never all been together when the call to cross over had been issued. He wouldn’t have noticed it otherwise. Biting into the apple, he chewed it slowly and ran the thought through his brain. 
Dom had to ask Gemma what was wrong when her expression fell. Ruby took a few moments to finish texting and register the situation.
Which meant Gemma must have known they were crossing over before the other two.
Did it always happen like that?
Leaning against the black motorbike, Harrison let the world around him blur into non-existence. 
Maybe Gemma’s part in the time travel is more significant than I realize. 
The idea bugged him. He wasn’t exactly sure why, but it made his stomach coil. She was different from the twins and he had a feeling her parents knew that as well.

*****

Canyonlands National Park, Utah – 1988 AD

The sun was unmerciful, drenching them in sweat. Gemma wiped her wrist over her forehead to catch the drips running from her hair. Staring out across the vast expanse of red rock, she felt hope sigh with exhaustion. How the heck were they supposed to find this missing hiker?
According to her father, the man’s remains had been discovered a week after his disappearance. Because of the heat and the time frame, Alistair hadn’t delved into explanations as to why this man was worth saving. Ruby had cleverly argued that they should have just stopped him from hiking in the first place, but her father’s glare had sealed her lips tight. 
“This sucks!” Ruby flicked a bug away from her and bent over to catch her breath.
“Come on, Rube. We can’t stop now. The sooner we find this guy, the sooner we can get out of here.”
“I wonder how Mom and Dad are getting on?” 
Their parents had taken the southern route. The idea was to search the vicinity where the remains were discovered. The only problem was that the remains had been spread across a wide area, which probably meant hungry animals could be added into the equation. Her father’s instructions to stay alert had been repeated numerous times as he passed out knives and water bottles.
“Cougars shouldn’t be a problem at this time of day, but if the search takes us into dusk, you need to be on your toes.”
“What your father is trying to say is don’t let this take us until dusk!” Penelope’s crisp voice made Gemma smile. Her mother always got antsy when she was worried about their safety.
“I want you to move quickly and efficiently. Let’s get this guy to safety then get home.”
Ignoring her father’s instructions, Gemma crouched down next to her sister for a breather. Dom followed her action with a flurry of protests that she tuned out. Taking her time, she took a few swigs of water before standing. She wasn’t sure how long they had been out in the searing heat, but it felt like forever. Dom was right; they shouldn’t linger. Besides, she didn’t want Harrison to worry. Five minutes of waiting was about his limit. 
“Come on, Rubylicious.” Pulling on Ruby’s arm, she straightened her sister up and followed her brother over the next rise and down into another canyon. 
They climbed and hiked as quickly as they could, but it was slow going. From what she could tell from the sun, it took them another two hours to make it through the canyon. They had looked in every cave and crevasse, scouring the ground for any hiker tracks, but had come up empty handed. The man obviously hadn’t come through this way.
“Mom and Dad mustn’t be having much luck either.” Dom paused at the beginning of a narrow trail that would lead them up and out of the canyon. His doubt in their mission was starting to show. 
“Where were we supposed to meet them?” Gemma said.
“Not far from here. The top of this ridge.”
“If they haven’t found him either, do we just give up?”
Dom shot her a lopsided grin. “Can you imagine Dad settling for that?”
All three sighed in unison before beginning their climb.
“This guy better be important,” Ruby grumbled.
“I’m sure he is.” Gemma flicked the comment over her shoulder, trying to ignore the niggling doubt that sometimes surfaced. Since Ruby’s retrieval of the necklace there had been no more trips like it. She needed to get over it. Her father was the most selfless man she knew.
“If we take much longer Harrison’s going to have to send a search party to the bathroom!”
Gemma chuckled. “It’s okay. He knows what it’s like when I cross the line. Lucky he’s so patient, huh?”
Gemma’s grin faded as she turned to look at her sister. Ruby had stopped dead in her tracks. Her expression was one of muted horror. 
“What?” Gemma’s breath caught in her throat and her eyes grew large as realization struck like a lightening bolt. “Ruby, I mean…”
Her sister’s horror was morphing into a malignant fury. The look in her eyes was terrifying. Gemma searched the rocks below her for inspiration, but was coming up blank. 
“I…”
Her heart began to hammer. 
What do I say? How the hell do I get out of this?
For once her father’s timing was perfect. Her muscles turned to dust, saving her from the shocking moment…only to face it in the next century.

*****

St. Augustine, Florida – 2011 AD

Gemma pulled on her clothes and scampered out of the stall. Texting a brief, I’m fine, to her mother, she scurried out of the bathroom. Dom appeared just as she rushed past the boy’s toilets.
“You okay?” 
“Yeah.” Gemma’s laughter sounded pathetic. She turned to beam him a smile, but kept walking backwards.
“What’s up?” His brows puckered.
“Nothing. It’s just… Harrison’s waiting for me.” She pointed behind her. “And I don’t want to keep him waiting for me, because you know…no one likes to wait too long.”
Like a skittish pony, she pranced away from her confused brother, hoping to make it to the safety of her bike before the freight train of truth caught up with her. 
The door to freedom was in sight when Ruby’s voice snagged her.
“Gemma! Gemma, stop! I want to talk to you!”
Gemma kept her legs moving. Ruby would have told Dom the second she got out of the bathroom. She didn’t know if she could handle both of them. One little slip…
You stupid idiot!
“Gemma, running away is not going to stop this conversation from happening!”
Her sister had every reason to be irate. The empty school corridor echoed with annoyance. The hands of doom were no longer ticking—they were chiming with finality. Running wasn’t going to change anything now.
Slowing to a stop, she ran her fingers through her hair and grabbed two handfuls at the nape of her neck. Stepping backwards, she leaned against the green metal lockers and waited.
She kept her eyes downcast as the twins approached. She could hear Ruby’s nostrils flaring and didn’t even want to guess what Dominic was doing. He probably had his arms folded over his chest and his eyes would be narrowed.
She stole a quick glance.
Yep, super narrowed.
“You know how I made that little quip about Harrison?” Ruby’s voice was strained. 
Gemma cringed.
“What did you mean when you said ‘It’s okay. He knows what it’s like when I cross over?’ What did you mean, Gemma?”
The exhaustion from returning was a weight she didn’t need. She hoped it would abate quickly in order to have the strength for this conversation. She hadn’t meant to say it! She was tired! The words had just slipped out! She’s been distracted by thoughts of the necklaces! And then it had just happened. 
The only thing she was grateful for was the fact her parents hadn’t been within earshot.
“Does your boyfriend know what we are?” 
Gemma ignored Dom’s question and kept her eyes on the floor.
“Does he know?!” Ruby slammed Gemma back into the lockers.
“Yes.” She found the courage to lift her gaze and was met with a mix of emotion. 
Their eyes were swimming with disbelief and boldly outlined with a deep hue of betrayal. 
“All this time you’ve been spending with him.” Ruby shook her head. “I should’ve known you’d let it slip. You’ve always been such a crappy liar!”
“I’m sorry. I really am, but I didn’t have a choice.”
Ruby snorted with disgust.
“He saw me leaving! What was I supposed to say?”
The silence in the hall was shattered by a booming laugh.
“He saw you leave?” Dom’s shoulders shook. “Did he see you come back?”
She shot him a droll look. 
“That must have been embarrassing.” He guffawed.
“Shut up, Dominic.” Ruby cut him off; the ice in her voice was enough to freeze Gemma’s insides. “How could you let this happen? He’s just some stupid guy and you betray us all because of him?”
“He’s not just some guy, Ruby. And besides, you were the one who told me to go for it!”
“I told you to go on a couple of dates and make out a little, not fall in love with him and gossip about our family secrets.”
“It’s not like that. He just wants to understand who I am.”
Ruby leaned in, her perfect finger waving inches from Gemma’s nose. “He has no right to understand you. He’s not one of us, Gemma. How could you be so stupid? This relationship was doomed from the start. You must know that!”
Of course I know it, but…
“You have to end it. Now.” Ruby lifted Gemma’s chin forcing her eyes to meet hers.
“I can’t.” Her eyes began to fill as her two-month utopia shattered.
“You don’t have a choice. If Mom and Dad find out, they’re going to kill you and then they’ll probably kill him.”
The first tears descended.
“Please don’t tell them. Ruby, please.”
The gentle, yet firm hand of Dom lowered Ruby’s arm to her side. “We’re not going to say anything. That’s your responsibility. We just want you to be careful. You’re playing with fire here, slim. If he lets anything slip…”
“He won’t! He knows how important this is to our family. He would never betray us, ever.”
“I’m guessing that’s what Decimus said too.” Ruby scorched Gemma with a black look before walking away.
Gemma felt as though she’d been punched in the gut.
“Don’t worry, she’ll get over it.” Dom squeezed her shoulder.
“She’s never looked at me that way before.”
“She looks at me that way all the time, and she’s still my best friend.”
A smile wavered over Gemma’s lips.
“I’ll see if I can talk her ‘round for ya.”
She looked up at her brother, surprised. “So you don’t hate me then?”
He chuckled. “Hate you? Gem, that is an impossibility.”
Reaching to her tiptoes, she wrapped her arms around her brother and clung. He gave her a fierce hug before abruptly dropping her to the floor.
“I better go find her.”
“I’m sorry I let you guys down.”
He shrugged his shoulders. “You never asked for this life. Out of all of us, you’ve been the one who struggled with it the most. I’m glad you’ve found someone who makes you happy.”
“Thanks, Dom.”
His eyes swam with a reality she did not want to recognize. “He’s a good guy, Gem. Don’t string him along. I may be calmer about this than Rube, but she’s right. You’re going to have to end it eventually.”
Dom’s solid footsteps echoed off the corridor walls. Gemma waited until he was out of sight before burying her face in her hands and letting the tears flow unchecked.

It took her a good ten minutes to compose herself and the only thing that dragged her away from those metal lockers was the fact that Harrison was waiting for her.
Pulling herself tall, she walked into the sunshine, wiping the last tear from her face. 
Harrison was leaning against the seat of her Ducati. His long legs were stretched in front of him and crossed at the ankles. His hands were stuffed into the pockets of his faded jeans. In spite of his patient posture, his face was marked with worry. He knew she could sometimes be late when she crossed over, but she had taken much longer than usual. 
What’s the point of trying to hide this? He’s going to read you the second he looks into your eyes.
It didn’t even take that long; he saw her approaching and jumped from the seat, racing to her side.
“Gem! What is it?”
She shook her head, tears clogging her throat.
“Here.” Harrison led her to the nearest bench. “Sit down.” Squatting down in front of her, he brushed the hair back from her face. “Gem, look at me. Gemma. Look at me.” She flicked her tear stained eyes towards him before squeezing them shut. “What’s wrong? Talk to me.” 
She brushed another tear aside and swallowed. “What are we doing, Harrison? This is never going to work.”
“What are you talking about?”
“You. Me. Us!”
He ran his hands over her thighs. “Where is this coming from?”
She drew in a shaky breath. “Dom and Ruby found out I told you today and they’re SO mad with me,” she hiccupped over the sentence. “Ruby said I had to break up with you. That this relationship was doomed from the start.”
“Aw, Gem.” Harrison slid his hand up the base of her neck, threading his fingers into her hair and rubbing his thumb gently over her earlobe. “Sweetie, I knew that getting involved with you was not going to be easy and I wasn’t fool enough to think that we weren’t going to be facing huge battles.” He tipped her head up so he could look into her eyes. “But I’m willing to fight for you.”
Her cracked heart let out a heavy thud before taking off like a galloping horse. She could feel her birthmark burning.
“Gem.” He released a heavy sigh and licked his lips. “This isn’t just about how much I love you and what I want, though. They’re your family and you need to be happy. I need you to be happy. So, the most important question here is what do you want?”
She placed her hand over his and closed her eyes, letting the tears descend.  
She knew the answer immediately. It rushed through her spirit like a tornado. 
Opening her eyes, she gazed into his brown orbs and whispered, “You. I want to be with you.”
His lips rose with a smile as he sighed out his relief. Pulling her face toward him, he placed a warm kiss on her lips. She sunk into the comfort and let the fire of promise sear her brain.
He broke the bond too soon and she felt a cold chill sweep through her.
“You need to tell your parents.”
She bit the inside of her cheek and shuddered. “I know.” She nodded, ignoring the bile in her throat. “I know, but can we just enjoy the weekend first and then we’ll tell them on Sunday night?”
“Delaying things won’t change the truth, Gem.”
“I know, but if they do decide to ground me for all eternity at least I’ll still get to see you the next day at school.”
He chuckled as he rose and extended his hand. “Fair enough. Now come on, Miss Gem, take me for a cruise on your Ducati before I kiss you goodbye for the night.”
His smile was delicious. She grabbed his hand and let him lead her to the bike. She didn’t have the courage to tell him that come Sunday she would probably take the chicken’s way out. The idea of fighting with him over it was hideous, but she didn’t think she could get the words to come out of her mouth. He’d never met her parents. He had no idea.
Swinging her leg over the seat she decided that the hands of doom could just shut up. She still had the evening and all of the next day to pretend that she was a normal girl with a gorgeous boyfriend who was going to take her to the mall tomorrow for a little shopping. She would forget that her sister currently hated her. She would forget that, if Harrison put his foot down, her parents would no doubt be committing murder on Sunday night. And she would forget, for once, that she had no control over her life.

Chapter Nineteen
St. Augustine, Florida - 2011 AD

The mall seemed ridiculously busy. Gemma, being unused to such crowds, had clung to Harrison’s hand throughout the morning. He’d had fun teasing her, watching her face as she blushed over his comments about being strong enough to annihilate half the crowd yet flinching if someone brushed her shoulder.
“I tend to avoid crowds. It’s fine when I’m with my parents, because I know we won’t be going anywhere, but when they’re not around… I just never know when he’ll…”
Her justification had trailed off as she’d reached the taboo subject of the day. 
Upon her request they were trying to be as normal as possible. He wasn’t allowed to mention anything about time travel or her family. It hadn’t been as challenging as he’d thought it would be. They had spent the morning chatting about his family while they hunted for a birthday present for his mother.
“What about a book of poetry or something?” Gemma suggested.
His initial idea to buy an antique broach had flown out the window when the one he could afford had been sold two days earlier. He had kicked himself for not spending the money when he had spotted it the first time, but he had wanted to keep it a surprise and didn’t think his mother would buy the line that Gemma loved antique jewelry.
Harrison squeezed his girlfriend’s hand with a smile. “That’s a great idea.” Turning on the spot, he led them back toward the bookstore.
“I just thought, since she was a librarian, she’d probably be into books. But didn’t you say she was into old documents and stuff?”
Harrison nodded.
“Why don’t we check out the secondhand book store then. They might have some old edition of something really cool.”
Gemma’s eyes sparkled with the idea, making Harrison smile. He stopped on the spot, wrapped his arm around her waist and drew her in for a kiss.
“Harrison.” She pushed at his chest. “People are watching.”
“Let them.” He grinned. “I’m kissing the most beautiful girl in the mall. I relish their jealousy.”
Her expression broke with laughter as she lightly slapped his chest. “You are such a fool.”
“Happy to be.” He wrapped his arm back around her waist as they began walking again. “Actually, I’m also a hungry fool. Do you want to stop for food and then we’ll take off, pass the bookstore on the way to the beach?”
“Good idea.” 
“I could kill a plate of chili fries right now.”
“Harrison.” She grimaced. “They are so bad for you.”
“And that’s exactly why they taste so good. Aw, come on, Gem, admit it. You totally want some!”
Her smile said it all. Squeezing her waist with a chuckle, he propelled her to the food court.

The fries were piping hot. Harrison jiggled his mouthful with his tongue, trying not to scald himself. Gemma giggled.
“You okay?” She pushed the large glass of soda toward him.
He grabbed it up with a grateful nod and doused his fiery mouth with the cool fizz. 
“So, you’re not doing your assignment on Coyote Granger anymore?” Gemma got back to their earlier conversation.
“Well, I was thinking about it, but I like Mary’s story better.”
“Okay.” Gemma leaned forward in her seat, a fry perched between her fingers. He loved the way her eyes danced with excitement as they talked history, particularly his history. “So this Coyote guy robs the bank then takes off to the next town and beds this woman as a victory dance, shall we say? Then what happened?”
Harrison laughed then downed another mouthful of soda before continuing the story. “Well, Mary finds out she’s pregnant and knows that she either has to get rid of it or leave her…job.”
“Thankfully she chose to leave.”
“That’s right, but where would she go? She barely had a dime to her name, she was homeless, and if she was anything like my mother, puking her guts out with morning sickness.”
“I love the way you describe things so delicately, Harrison.”
The look on her face made him laugh. He paused in his train of thought to consider how much fun he was having. The idea of Sunday night bit at the corners of his brain, but he gave it a solid boot. Nothing was going to ruin today.
“Anyway.” He cleared his throat to continue. “She decided to go after the guy who knocked her up in the first place. By the time she found him, she was as round as a beach ball and apparently he just couldn’t turn her away. So he begrudgingly let her stay, ‘but only until the kid’s born!’” Harrison put on a gruff voice.
“But…” Gemma smiled.
“But he ended up falling in love with her. She made an honest man out of him.”
“Did he give the money back?”
“Well…” Harrison tipped his head. “Not so much, but he didn’t rob anymore banks after that.”
Gemma grinned before popping another fry into her mouth. “How many did he rob altogether?”
“I’m not sure, probably a dozen or so. After Mary came along they kind of went into hiding and the law eventually forgot about him. He dropped the Coyote part and ended up purchasing a ranch in Montana.”
“That’s such a cool story. It just goes to show that good things can come out of bad situations.” Gemma’s eyes grew distant and he knew she was considering the implications of her family’s work. She shook her head. “So what about your dad’s history? Did you find anything on that?”
Harrison picked at the fries with a frown. “No.”
“You didn’t ask your mom, did you?”
“I can’t!” He dropped the fry and leaned back in his seat. “She won’t talk about him and I don’t want go there again.” He took a swig of drink then perched his elbows on the edge of the table. “When I was little she caught me going through the files stashed under her bed. I was looking for my birth certificate. I just wanted to know his name.” He shrugged. “I’ve never seen her so mad. It took her a whole day to talk to me again. 
“I’ve tried raising it a few times, but she just gets all depressed and then we move. I don’t want to risk that right now.”
“What about your grandparents? Would they know anything?”
“I’ve never met them. I think Mom fell out with her mother over something because she never talks about her, but she talks about her dad. He passed away when she was fifteen, but everything she’s told me is total magic.”
Gemma smiled, probably relieved that he was too. He didn’t want to get so agitated over the whole father thing. Bryan was an awesome substitute, but he wasn’t blood. He just wanted to know where he came from.
“My parents never really talk about family either. It’s always been the five of us and I’m too scared to ask. I don’t think I actually want to know.”
Harrison’s laughter sounded sad. “I wish I was like that.”
Gemma squeezed his hand with a sympathetic smile. Clearing his throat, he straightened his shoulders and shook off his blue mood. Today was supposed to be a good one.
“You done?” He balled up his napkin and chucked it while she wasn’t looking.
She caught it before it hit her face, making him balk. She was so fast sometimes. Her eyes twinkled as she threw the napkin onto the tray. 
“A small perk,” she muttered before clearing up the rest of the table and walking to the trash.
He came up behind her, gliding a smooth hand over her back and keeping it there as they wove their way out of the food area and into the crowd.
“So off to the bookstore then?” He began steering her toward the parking lot when he felt her frame go stiff.
She looked up at him with huge eyes before desperately scanning her surroundings for a bathroom.
“I’m not gonna make it,” she whispered with panic.
“It’s okay.” He grabbed her hand and began pulling her toward the exit sign he spotted.
“People are going to see me!”
“No they won’t. Come on, Gem.”
Pulling her through the crowd, he quickly led her to the emergency exit. 
“It’s nearly time.”
Pushing the solid bar of the door, he heaved it open and dragged her through, hoping no security had seen him. The corridor he led her into was stark white and thankfully empty. He placed his finger over her lips as they both listened to make sure no one was coming.
“This should be safe.” He looked into her eyes. “Take care of yourself.” He placed his lips lightly on hers then felt his body shatter into a thousand pieces. 

Chapter Twenty
Warwick, England - 1393 AD

It felt like pins and needles were massacring his entire body. Harrison’s head pounded as he came to terms with the pain. Squeezing his eyes shut, he rolled onto his side and hoped it would all be over soon. 
What the hell just happened to me?
His body was being stitched back together one atom at a time. As the intense tingling ebbed, voices broke through the ringing in his ears.
“What is going on?”
“Who is that?
“How the hell did he get here?”
“I don’t believe it.”
Gemma’s erratic breathing beside him had his eyes squinting open.
“Are you okay?” Her shaking hand smoothed the hair off his face and he managed a smile.
“Gemma!” 
Her concerned gaze was suddenly hauled out of view.
“Who is this?”
It was a shrill female voice. He looked past Gemma’s smooth legs and up at the sharp face and burning eyes of Mrs. Hart. He quickly averted his gaze.
“This is m-my friend, Harrison.”
“Your friend?” Her voice was thin. “You told me it was a girl.”
“I don’t get it, how did he even get here?”
Harrison recognized Dom’s voice then another followed that he had not heard before.
“They must have been touching when she transitioned.” A swift expletive followed. “Go find him some clothes, Dominic.”
Suddenly aware of his naked vulnerability, Harrison rolled onto his side to cover himself. 
“Touching?” The question came from Gemma’s mother. “You were touching? Gemma, what exactly were you doing with this friend?”
He glanced up to see Gemma’s face burn red as it popped through the coarse woolen tunic. “Mother! Not that!” 
“Well, what then? Were you holding hands?”
“No,” she mumbled as she tied a leather belt around her waist. 
He tried not to notice how good her legs looked in those tights. 
“He was just giving me a goodbye kiss.” He could sense her forced casualness as she began to braid her long hair.
“A goodbye kiss, as in he knew you were about to turn into dust?”
Gemma’s nimble fingers froze. Harrison felt her panic. This was not going down at all how they had planned. Sure, tell the parents her boyfriend was a normal human. Tell the parents he knew everything about her? Not so much.
“Gemma, what have you DONE?”
Gemma flinched.
“Okay, Penelope.” A calm voice forestalled any further outbursts. “We’ll discuss this when we get home.” 
Harrison watched the feet approach then noted the hand being extended his way. His fingerbones crunched against each other as he was hauled to his feet. Mr. Hart’s eyes were filled with loathing. Dropping his gaze, Harrison focused on the dirt beneath his feet. Gemma’s father was not the kind of man you enjoyed meeting when taking a girl out on her first date, let alone landing her in a bunch of trouble by inconveniently following her through time.
Okay, this is just too weird.
“Gemma! Avert your eyes!” 
Mrs. Hart’s shrill voice grabbed his attention. Glancing up, he watched his red-faced girlfriend mutter an apology and look to the sky.
A blush warmed his cheeks as he realized her perusal. He guessed it was payback. He certainly hadn’t minded the glimpse of body he’d seen a few months ago.
A pair of hose and a wide-necked tunic was thrown in his face. With trembling hands he pulled the garments on. They smelled of old sweat and hard labor. The situation he had been trying to avoid swallowing suddenly tasted very real. 
I just traveled through time. Holy crap! I’m in the… 
He studied his surroundings as he sat to slip on the pointed, soft leather shoes Dominic just handed him. They were sitting at the edge of a forest. A dirt road led east toward a formidable looking castle. They were huddled on the outskirts of a small village with thatched roof houses. Wispy smoke billowed from holes in the roofs. Harrison could hear the mooing of cows, the clucking of chickens and the thud of hooves quickly approaching.
“Into the forest!” 
Hands grabbed his collar, pulling him into the thicket. Landing on his back with a crunch, he held his groan in check, sensing Gemma’s body beside him.
“Where are we?” he whispered.
“I’m not sure. It looks like England. Fourteenth or fifteenth century maybe?”
She met his eyes. He read her apology and shook his head.
“It was my fault.” He touched her face with a gentle finger. Her eyes softened for the briefest of moments before snapping blank at the sound of her father’s voice. 
The hooves were fading into the distance as the party got to their feet.
“Okay, slight change of plans I suppose.” Mr. Hart shot Harrison a death stare. “The castle up the road is currently holding an innocent man in its dungeon. He used to work in the stables, but was thrown in a cell after stopping the Earl’s son from taking advantage of one of the milkmaids. He’s been falsely accused of treason and is due to hang tomorrow.
“I’m going to arrange safe passage for him and his family. All we need to do is get him out of the castle and into the forest. He should be able to hide easily enough until dark. I’ll make sure a wagon comes by at night to collect him and his family.”
“How do you want to do it?” Dominic’s voice was all business.
Harrison had not seen this side of the guy before and admired his cool calm.
“We’ll do the split a little differently. You three and that guy…”
“His name’s Harrison.” 
“I don’t care what his name is!” Mr. Hart’s hard glare made Gemma shrink. She lowered her gaze and Harrison felt a flash of anger burn for her. Reaching for her hand, he gave her fingers a quick squeeze.
“You will extract the prisoner while your mother and I get his family into the forest and organize the wagon. 
“I want stealth. We don’t want anyone to know we’ve been in or out. The Earl is currently in attendance so the castle will be heavily guarded, although if we’ve timed this right, most should be eating in the great hall. 
“Now, the wall along the riverside is the easiest to breach. There is access along the southeast side of the wall. It should be big enough for you to squeeze through. The tunnel will bring you up beneath the great hall. From there you will head east to the first tower. You will be most vulnerable at this point, so watch your backs. The dungeon is at the bottom of the tower.
“Once you have the man, I want you to head out through the stables. They’re adjacent to the tower, on your right. At the northern end, the last stall, there should be a space you can squeeze through. It will bring you out on the eastern side of the castle below the gatehouse. We’ll be waiting in the forest. You’ll need to be careful. If anyone spots you, they’ll raise the alarm and we’ll have hell on our hands. Dominic.” He placed a hand on his son’s shoulder. “Do what you have to do.”
Harrison felt a chill run down his spine as Dominic’s face set like concrete. His eyes were hard as he nodded. 
“Look after the girls and bring them home in one piece.”
“I will, Dad.” 
Harrison squeezed his eyes shut and shook his head. They were about to break into a prison. His head swirled as he imagined how it might play out. The gnawing fear in his gut competed with sudden bursts of adrenalin. 
I can’t believe you are actually excited about this. Wipe that smile off your face, you moron!
Gemma’s father gave him an assessing look, helping Harrison smooth out his expression. The man’s steely eyes then turned to his youngest.
“Can he look after himself?”
“He’ll be fine.”
Harrison was boosted by Gemma’s confidence, but it withered when her father approached him and grabbed his collar. “You want to get back in one piece, you don’t leave her side.”
Harrison swallowed and nodded.
“Don’t give me a reason to leave you here.”
“Dad!” Gemma’s protest was lost as Dom started laughing. “Shut up, Dominic!”
Her eyes were fiery when they landed back on him. He reached out and took her extended hand, trying to avoid the black emotion coming from Ruby.
Keeping his eyes firmly on Gemma, he let her guide him through the forest and up to the castle.
It wasn’t until they slowed and crouched along the edge of the large stone wall that reality hit him once again. Like a bomb exploding in his stomach, he felt the shrapnel of fear and disbelief shred his insides.
I’m in the Middle Ages! I’m about to break into a castle in the Middle Ages! This isn’t real! This can’t be real! 

*****

Gemma stole a glance over her shoulder and took in Harrison’s pale expression. How could she have let this happen? He shouldn’t be here. What if he wasn’t touching her when they went back? She had no warning signs on their return. Reaching behind her, she pulled him closer, needing to feel his warm breath on her neck as they waited for Dom to squeeze through the tunnel.
“I know you’re probably struggling with reality right now.” She watched the river amble past and wondered how it could be so calm. If it only knew… “This isn’t a dream, okay? I need you to stay close and alert. Just forget where you are and focus on me and what we’re doing. Do you understand?”
She felt his breath wisp up and down her hairline as he nodded.
“You’re strong enough to do this, Harrison. Just stay next to me and I’ll get you home.”
His lips were warm as they brushed the nape of her neck. She felt a flame lick down her spine.
“Let’s go.” Ruby’s command was stark. She crouched low and pulled herself into the space. 
Gemma tried not to think about the waves of anger that radiated from her sister as she squeezed into the narrow gap and began crawling over the damp stone. The air was freezing. The trickling water beneath them was soaking into the wool of her tunic, making it stink. She held her breath and kept on crawling. Moments later Dom was grabbing her hand and roughly pushing her behind a stone pillar. She breathed in. Placing her foot lightly on Harrison’s head, she kept him in the tunnel until the scuffle of feet had faded.
Ruby hadn’t spoken a single syllable to her since their confrontation after school. Thankfully, she hadn’t breathed a syllable to her parents either, although that felt somewhat irrelevant now. She hated the rift between them, but…
What am I supposed to do?
She glanced back at her boyfriend. His brown eyes were focused. She watched his lean body maneuver easily through the passageways and felt the fire stir in her belly. Catching his gaze, she shot him an encouraging smile. It was returned instantly.
She couldn’t live without him. 
The battle she knew awaited her at home was heavy on her mind, but as the raucous laughter from the great hall reached her she was suddenly aware that this battle had to be won first. 
The idea sent a charge racing through her body. Determination took over, forcing images of Ruby’s anger, her parent’s horror and Harrison’s sweet gaze out of her mind. She had a job to do. 
Her focus was complete by the time they descended the spiral staircase and entered the dank bowels of the tower. The cool, stone walls wept, sending a trickling echo running through the narrow passageways. Dom’s frame looked massive in the confined space. The torch he held to guide them bobbed in front of them. She stayed focused on the flame and tried not to think about what might be crunching beneath her soft leather shoes. 
The party slowed as the stairwell opened up with light. Gemma felt her hand being squeezed. Harrison’s breathing accelerated. She squeezed back as they crouched against the wall. Staring through the dim light, she caught her brother’s eye. He gave them a nod. Standing from their positions, they took the last few stairs down into the dungeon.
It was the smell that hit her first. Old blood and decay peppered with the sweaty stench of fear. She gulped back her gags and covered her mouth as they crept past the first cell that looked to contain a man so emaciated she doubted he had any breath left. His body was encrusted with filth, his long beard matted into the hay he lay upon. His sunken face was hollow and his glassy eyes didn’t even register the movement past his cell. 
A light hand brushed the nape of her neck and squeezed. With a little nudge Harrison moved her into the heart of the dungeon. 
Sitting on a chair, his legs stretched before him, his head drooped to the side in slumber, was a tubby guard. Dominic dispatched him before he had a chance to wake and the man now lay in an unconscious pile on the ground. He extracted the man’s sword easily and threw it into his right hand, testing the weight. Ruby rummaged for the keys around the man’s waist and threw them to Gemma.
“Try the lower cells. Dom and I will keep an eye on the door.”
Gemma descended the small staircase and checked the two cells below. The first cell was gracefully empty. She hurried to the next and found what they were looking for. Slumped in the corner, his head resting back against the cold wall, was a man who looked to be in his early thirties. His beard was thick, his hair like wild straw and his eyes as still as a lake at dawn. She noted the shackles around his ankles and prayed she had the key for those too.
His head popped up straight when he heard her slide the key into the lock. He showed no fear as the door was flung open and his two rescuers rushed in to start working on his manacles.
“Are you injured?” Gemma fumbled with the keys.
“Here, let me.” Harrison took the keys from her grasp and began testing each one in a calm, efficient manner.
Gemma glanced back up into those still eyes and watched them turn at the corners.
“You must be the angels I’ve been waiting for.” His eyes glistened with reverence as he raised a frail hand, pausing an inch from her face.
Unnerved by his awe, Gemma decided to go for business like. “We’re getting you out of here. Your family’s waiting for you in the forest.”
“God bless ye.” His lips quivered into a smile. “I’ve been praying for deliverance since entering this hell and just this morning I found peace knowing I would die. Then God decides to rescue me.” A brief chuckle escaped his lips as he shook his head. “He is a wonder.”
A look of exuberant joy spread across the man’s face. Gemma smiled too, drinking in the elation of the moment.
“Well, let’s get you out of here then.” Harrison threw the shackles away with a smile. Reaching forward he carefully placed his arm beneath the man’s and helped him to his feet.
Gemma took the other side when the man stumbled. “He’s weak.” She looked to Harrison. “We’ll need to take it easy.”
Harrison’s nod of affirmation froze as they heard the damning words reach them from the top of the stairs.
“Hurry it up down there! Sounds like company’s on its way!”
The sharp clang of metal on metal followed swiftly and Gemma felt her insides clench. She shot Harrison a worried frown.
“We’re going to have to carry him.”
“No.” The man’s voice held an urgent energy. “I may need support, but I will run as best I can.” 
His eyes held no fear as Gemma wrapped a firm hand around his waist and hauled him out of the cell. The peace that seemed to emanate from him was enchanting and calmed her nerves. 
As they ascended the stairs, a guard raced toward them with his sword raised. Gemma pushed the men away and stepped to the side in the nick of time. Metal crashed on stone. She slid her foot out of harm’s way. Grabbing the torch from above her, she turned to face her opponent, crouching into a fighting stance. The guard looked at her with a leering smile as they circled each other. The sounds of her siblings fighting faded into the background as she focused her energy on surviving the battle. 
The guard attacked first, his huge broad sword arcing through the air, its heavy descent enough to cut her in half. She caught the sword with her torch, deflecting the blow. In one fluid motion, she snapped the wood free and clubbed the guard in the face. He dropped out of the way, just as another guard came barreling towards her. 
His blade was heavy as it tried to steal her upper left arm. She flinched away, but not fast enough. The blade clipped her shoulder. She dropped the torch with a sharp cry. Her eyes grew wide as she watched the hay catch alight. She hated the vulnerability of being weaponless. 
She dodged the next blow, only to fall over the stool behind her. Landing with a thud, she felt the air rush from her lungs and fought to find more. The guard approached her with a low laugh, raising his sword high for the plunge. She readied herself to roll out of the way, but found the need vanish as her name was yelled and Harrison’s arms wrapped around the guard’s waist in a brutal tackle. 
Gemma jumped to her feet and ran to assist, but found the gesture unnecessary. Harrison’s tackle had smashed the man’s head firmly into a stone pillar, knocking him out cold. Harrison stood tall and brushed his hands on his thighs before turning to her.
“Wow. Thanks.” Gemma gulped as he enveloped her in a bone-crushing hug. “I didn’t realize you were that strong.”
He pulled back and looked down at her with such intensity she forgot to breathe.
“Gemma, when it comes to looking after you, I’ll find whatever strength I need.” That said, he turned, grabbed the sword deftly from the fallen guard’s hand and held it out to her. “You’ll probably do better with this than I will.” 
Gemma smiled as she watched him dash across the stones and haul their prisoner up.
“Let’s go.” He tipped his head toward the entrance. 
Gemma dodged the small fire that was sizzling out in the damp hay and followed them through the path of carnage that Ruby and Dom had made for them.
She could still hear the odd ring of metal as they ascended the stairwell and realized with a sinking heart that this was in no way over. So much for stealth. By the sounds of the yelling above them, the castle was now on full alert. She just prayed her father wouldn’t realize and abort early. The struggling man ahead of her was worth saving and she would do anything to get him to that forest.

*****

Harrison stepped aside to let Gemma lead the way. He watched her lithe body pause at the top of the stairwell, scanning the lightened corridor above. The sword was poised easily in her hands. He didn't know how she was holding it up like that. It weighed a ton. Yet another reminder that she was super human.
He shook his head in amusement at the fact that even though she held a weapon that could slice a man in two, she still looked elegant. She caught his gaze and sent him a look that made his knees quiver. Then she vanished around the corner. 
The man beside him was getting heavy as his obvious mistreatment was taking a toll on his body. Harrison gritted his teeth and hefted the man higher onto his shoulder. They shuffled after Gemma as quickly as they could, following the sounds of clanging metal that had to be the effort of Ruby and Dom. He hoped they were okay.
As he rounded the corner and watched Gemma immerse herself in the quick disposal of a guard, he realized they were fine. Dom’s huge leg kicked a guard to his knees and a swift swipe with the hilt of his sword had the man seeing stars. Ruby was jumping over her fallen opponent and beckoning them to follow her.
Harrison wove through the discarded bodies and picked up his pace as he followed the quick trio. He wasn’t sure where they were. Dom must have led them to the adjacent tower. He hoped he knew where he was going. 
The sound of pounding feet behind him punched a vial of adrenalin into his system and he quickly shifted the man to his back so he could run. The man’s head bobbed on his shoulder, his ragged body rattling against him as he bounded down the stairs.
“Look out!” Gemma’s voice made him duck as an arrow whizzed past his head. He heard the cry of someone behind him as he watched Gemma reload the bow in one fluid motion.
She had ditched the sword for a more effective weapon. She looked like a female version of Robin Hood as she sent another arrow flying. Her long braid flicked at the base of her spine as she swung around and pushed him forward.
“Go!”
He turned back to watch her fire one last shot before spinning after him.
“Run to the stables!”
He did as he was told, ignoring the burning in his legs as he burst out into the sunlight. 
Turn right, right?
He spotted what he thought must be the stables and felt his belly drop. The open expanse of courtyard made him vulnerable. He had to get himself and the weight on his back through the open space and not get hit by an arrow or blind-sided by a broad sword.
Sure, piece of cake.
He steadied his breathing and set off. An arrow flew past so close to his head he felt his hair move. Another arrow shot out from the stables injuring a guard on the turret above him. He saw Ruby’s arm drop out of view as she backed further under cover. Moments later he was joining her. 
With the help of Dominic, they managed to get the man out through the wall.
Harrison turned to make sure Gemma was just behind him. Instead what he saw was a hairy fist flying straight at his face. 

Chapter Twenty-One
Warwick, England - 1393 AD

Gemma shot her final arrow and dropped the bow as she raced to the stables. Bursting into the building, she flew to the end stall and scrambled into the hole, all too aware that this was not over. They still needed to get to the forest and the man they were carrying was not in great shape. 
Hauling her body out the narrow gap, she jumped up in time to see a flash of Ruby’s ponytail. She ran after her sister and easily caught up, ducking beneath the bridge leading away from the gatehouse. Dom had the man over his shoulder in a fireman’s lift and was checking for a clear coast as she approached them.
“We’re going to have to make a run for it,” Dom said. “We’ll have to move fast. We’re open targets until we reach that first crop of trees.”
Gemma assessed the distance and decided they could easily make it. She turned to grab Harrison’s hand and felt her stomach drop.
“Where’s Harrison?”
“I thought he was behind you.” Ruby looked over her shoulder.
“No, wait. He was behind you!”
“He made it to the stables, Gem. You didn’t see him?”
Gemma shook her head, trying to still the erratic breathing that was threatening to overwhelm her. Biting her cheek, she looked at her sister’s worried frown then made her choice.
“Where are you going?” Dom grabbed her arm and pulled her to a stop.
“I’m going back.”
“Are you insane? It’s way too dangerous.”
“Let me go!”
“We are not separating. Dad will kill me if I turn up without you.”
“I don’t care! I’m not leaving him here.”
She turned to walk again, but found Ruby in her path.
“You can’t, Gem. It’s too late.”
“Ruby, get out of my way.”
“Let’s just think about this.”
“We don’t have time! Just get this guy to safety. As soon as Dad sees you without me he’ll abort anyway. We just have to pray I’ve found Harrison by then.”
Dom and Ruby exchanged a dubious glance. 
Gemma swallowed the lump in her throat and looked straight at her brother. “Please. I have to try.”
Dom’s determination wavered.
“Buy me as much time as you can, okay?”
He gave a little nod.
“Dominic!” 
“Let her go, Rube.”
Ruby’s eyes locked on to Gemma’s. A torrent of emotions coursed through them before she said, “If you get hurt I’m going to kick your ass. You understand me?”
Gemma nodded with a quick smile before rushing past her.
Fighting off the nauseating panic, she slithered around the edge of the curtain wall and back into the stables. She crouched low and listened for sounds before peeking her head around the corner. She didn’t even know where to start looking for her boyfriend. She guessed he would have been dragged to the dungeon or the great hall.
Creeping out of the stall, she was about to head to the courtyard when the slapping of feet had her shuffling back into hiding. 
She listened to the sounds in the stable. Running feet, a painful thud, a grunt and the crunch of bone on skin. Frowning, she stole a quick peek. Harrison was on his knees, blood dripping from his lower lip and a dark bruise forming on his right cheekbone. 
She rushed out of the stall as Harrison grabbed the man’s ankle and yanked. The guard fell to the floor with a thump. Curling his fingers into a tight fist, Harrison smashed the man in the face, making his head loll to the side. He struggled to his feet, looking like a newborn giraffe as he flirted with the after effects of an adrenaline rush.
“Harrison.”
Spinning around, he gifted her a relieved smile, but it turned into an anguished yell as the guard at his feet plunged a dagger into his left calf muscle.
Harrison slumped to the floor, clutching his leg. Gemma ran to his side, kicking the guard into oblivion. She turned to assist her boyfriend, but was stopped by an arrow whizzing past her ear and landing in the beam beside her. Four guards rushed into the stables, armed with daggers and billhooks. 
She studied the long spear-like weapons as she crouched for battle. With a blade down one side and a hook on the other, she knew they could do considerable damage.
Weapons leveled at her heart, the guards ran at her with confident glares. She turned to the side and let the billhook slide past her thigh, smashing the first guard in the jaw with a sharp elbow. She used him as a shield against the second attacker and with a grunt smashed them into the stall. 
Spinning around, she deflected the weapon thrust at her thigh and felt the sharp sting of metal down her forearm. Ignoring the pain, she grabbed the hook and pulled the guard towards her. A quick fist finished him off just in time for her to see a blade inches from her face. The image of her cheek being carved in two flashed through her mind, but was cut short by a flying dagger that glanced off the man’s chest. The blow made him falter just long enough for Gemma to wrench the arrow from the wood behind her and spear her attacker through the eye. 
Gemma grimaced as he crumpled to the ground. She spun back and looked at Harrison who was slumped, wide-eyed and pale, on the floor. He ran a thumb over his shaking fingers as he gazed at the fallen man.
“Let’s go before more show up.” Gemma stepped over the guard at her feet and reached for Harrison’s hand. Everything went distorted as she felt her muscles pull apart.
“NO!” 
Her voice was swept away as her body spiraled into the future, alone.

Chapter Twenty-Two
St. Augustine, Florida - 2011 AD

The white corridor was blinding. Gemma opened her eyes and squeezed them shut again. Panicked sobs raced up her body, one tidal wave upon the next. Scrambling for her phone, she tore it out of her pocket and touched the screen.
It rang in her hand before she could dial the number.
“Gemma, are you okay?”
It was her father. His stern voice brought no comfort as she let out a pitiful wail.
“You left too soon. He’s not here!”
“I can’t understand what you’re saying. Now slow down and answer my question first. Are you injured?”
“No, I’m fine.” She sniffled, ignoring the stinging wound on her forearm and the ache in her shoulder. “But Harrison’s not here. We weren’t touching. We have to go back.”
“That’s not going to happen.”
“No, we have to go back!”
“Gemma, it is too risky. I’m not sending any of us back.”
“YOU HAVE TO!”
“I don’t have to do anything.” His voice was low and cold. “Debrief is in one hour.”
The phone went dead in her hand. She gripped the plastic and resisted the urge to throw it against the wall. Pulling her knees to her chest, she wrapped her arms around her naked body. Resting her forehead on the top of her knees, she sobbed.
This couldn’t be happening. A game of what-if started up in her head, cruelly taunting her with all the mistakes she’d made in those last critical moments. She should have been standing closer. She should have jumped across those men and tackled Harrison to the ground.
“Harrison,” she whispered, her belly quaking.
He would die. That was inevitable…and there was nothing she could do about it. The hope that Harrison had brought into her life fell from its perch within. She could feel it fluttering down through her body and imagined it lying in a bloody mess on the white tiled floor.  
Her body went numb as the imagery seared her brain. She watched hope turn toward her with one gasping breath. She imagined it smiling softly and whispering one final plea.
Her head snapped straight. 
Her eyes went dry. 
Her lips bunched tight. 
Jumping to her feet, she haphazardly threw on her clothes and raced for the exit. 

*****

Warwick, England - 1393 AD

Harrison slumped to the floor. His eyes were so wide he thought his eyeballs might drop out. Gemma’s gold dust had just spiraled into non-existence. He could hear the death sentence in his head, feel the ominous blackness beginning to surround him.
The throbbing in his leg was intense. Stretching it out, he tried to examine the wound, but all he could see was sticky red blood. Just to be on the safe side, he took off his belt and fashioned a tourniquet below the knee. 
He forced his brain to start ticking. He needed to get out of here. Gemma would come back for him. He repeated the sentence a few times to assure himself of this. But it didn’t work. 
She would be devastated right now. Would she have the strength to fight?
Bile rose in his throat. He closed his eyes and swallowed it back down. 
He could hear the clatter of armor still bustling around the castle. They were probably hunting out the intruders. Shaking his head against the dizziness, he crawled toward the back stall. If he could just get out of the castle.
Then what?
He slumped with a sigh. His leg was throbbing, not to mention his aching face. The sound of pounding feet sent a shot of panic through his system. He struggled to the last stall as two guards rushed into the room. They charged him, billhooks lowered for penetration. 
Harrison spun away from the first and it speared the pillar beside him. Dropping low, he used his good leg to swipe the guard behind the ankles. He fell with a crash. 
With a grunt. Harrison pulled the spear-like weapon from the wood and blocked the other guard’s blow. The billhook was heavy and awkward in his hands. Harrison wished Gemma had let him have a play with the medieval weapons instead of spending so much time teaching him hand-to-hand combat. 
If I could just disarm this guy.
Trying to stay light on his feet, Harrison ignored his gimpy leg and blocked each blow. The shock reverberated through him each time, making his muscles quiver.
He knew he was running out of options. With a hefty yell, he swung the billhook as hard as he could and by some miracle it flicked out of the guard’s hands. They both looked at each other in surprise, before their faces went hard.
Harrison dropped the cumbersome weapon, bunched his fists, and crouched low like Gemma had taught him. The guard was a solid man who was probably close in age to Harrison, yet the wear and tear of medieval life had taken its toll. His lined face was grim and he launched towards Harrison with a stocky fist. 
Harrison used his forearm to block the blow then drove his full force into the man’s stomach. He bent over gasping for air and Harrison brought his knee up. The man fell forward, dazed. 
A small smile toyed with his lips as Harrison stepped back. But his triumph didn’t last long. His plans of escape melted like butter in a frying pan as the stable filled with a fresh set of troops. Pain radiated through every nerve in his body as he was grabbed and roughly dragged into the sunlight.

*****

St. Augustine, Florida - 2011 AD

Gemma wiped her face after pulling off her helmet and throwing it down next to her bike. The house was quiet when she slammed her way into it.
“Dad! DAD! Where are you?”
“I’m here.” His soft voice made her jump. She stopped in the kitchen archway. Her entire family was standing around the island looking somber, but resolved.
Steeling her insides, she straightened her shoulders and walked into the room.
“You’re taking me back.” Her voice punched out each word with clarity.
“Gemma…”
“DON’T! I’m not arguing about this. You take me back or I’ll find a way on my own.”
“He shouldn’t have even been there in the first place!” Her mother snapped, rising from the stool, her nostrils flaring.
“Yes, I made a mistake, but that doesn’t change the fact that we can’t leave him there.”
Her father shook his head and frowned.
“He’ll die!” She slapped the counter.
“He’s probably already dead, Gem.”
“No.” She shook her head with vehemence. “No he…he’s not. He can’t be. We can go back to earlier.”
“The timing will be tricky.”
“You can do it.”
“You’re not listening.”
“NO! You’re not listening to me!”
“We’re not going back.” Alistair’s calm demeanor was infuriating. 
Pointing a finger at her father, Gemma breathed in just enough air to keep speaking.
“You are not winning this one. You can’t control my life this way!” She stepped away from him, her head shaking. “We have to get him back.”
“We don’t have to—”
“I love him!”
The air in the room went as still as death. Fear rippled through Gemma as her father’s face flashed with fury. Her mother closed her eyes and drooped her head as if she’d just been told the world was about to end. Dom and Ruby stood wide-eyed, their mouths unable to close.
“That is unacceptable.” Alistair was straining for calm as he muttered the words, Gemma could feel it.
She wasn’t sure whether it was saying the three little words out loud for the first time or simply realizing just how much she meant them, but courage built within her—one block on top of the other.
“I don’t care what you think. I’m not living without him!” She practically screamed.
“It is too dangerous!”
Looking her father straight in the eye, she found her last strand of calm and forced it into her voice. “If you don’t go back you’ll be guilty of murder and you can be the one who calls his mother to explain why her son isn’t coming home tonight…and I can be the one who calls the police.”
“Don’t be so dramatic!” Penelope huffed and crossed her arms. “Alistair, she’s being ridiculous!”
Gemma’s jaw clenched as she turned to look at her mother. “Thinking that I will stay here if we don’t go back and get Harrison is ridiculous.”
“Gemma.” Her father sighed and put his hands in his pockets.
“I refuse to live in this house if you guys do this. I—”
“Gemma!” he yelled. “We’ll go back.” 
Her mother gasped. “Alistair!”
“She’s right, Penelope. What will we tell his mother?”
The room fell silent again, but it was not a silence of death. Gemma felt hope flutter back up to its perch in her chest and take a full breath before congratulating her.
She blinked at her tears and smiled. “Thank you.” 
“Don’t.” Alistair raised his hand and warned Gemma away. She took a step back from him as he walked out of the room.
The next hour was painful. Gemma answered numerous questions with as much precision as she could, feeling her father’s livid rage barely hiding below the surface. She then paced the floor outside her father’s office as he did some final research. 
Going back was a huge risk. Her father would probably never forgive her for what she was doing. Various punishments tried to force their way into her brain, but never quite made it. Her mind was too caught up with making sure they got to Harrison in time. She could deal with the aftermath of her confession when Harrison was safely back in the 21st Century.
The study door opened, making Gemma jump. Her father assessed her with a cool gaze before heading down the hall and back to the kitchen. She could feel the animosity radiating as they huddled around the counter, ready to discuss the mission. If any of her family got hurt because of this…
Gemma didn’t even want to complete the thought. She studied the granite counter as her father spoke.
“I cannot be sure of the timing, but I will do my best to arrive back at the stables just before you left Harrison. Hopefully we’ll be able to quickly nab him and make it back before anyone sees us.”
Gemma nodded and licked her lips.
Her father sighed. “If he’s not in the stables we’ll conduct a quick search of the castle, but Gemma, you have an hour. That’s all. I won’t risk more.”
“But, Dad—”
“I WON’T RISK IT!”
Biting her lips together, Gemma dropped her gaze to the counter again.
“I’m only taking Dom and Gemma. There’s no point risking you two.”
Penelope and Ruby put up no complaint. Gemma watched Ruby shoot her brother a worried frown. He put on a brave face and squeezed her shoulder.
Gemma closed her eyes. If anything went wrong…
“We’ll leave in ten minutes.”
“I’d like to go back to the mall…where I left. That way Harrison and I can return together.”
Her father’s eyes were black, but he nodded. “We’ll drive you down there.” His voice was thin. 
“It’s okay, I can take the bike.”
“No. I want to be there to collect you when we get back.” His voice was ominous. 
Gemma’s insides quaked, her stomach rolling into a tight knot. “Okay.” 
“Let’s go.” Alistair grabbed his keys and kissed Penelope goodbye. Ruby hugged Dom and slapped him on the shoulder.
Gemma watched the proceedings, deciding that if her mother or sister approached with affection she would reciprocate. 
Neither of them did. 
Turning from their baleful stares, she followed Dom down the hall, trying to ignore the ball of ice forming in her chest.

Chapter Twenty-Three
Warwick, England - 1393 AD

Harrison could not hobble fast enough as the guards hauled him across the courtyard. Each time he tripped the grip on his upper arms grew tighter. White spots flashed in front of his eyes.
One of the guards holding him grunted as Harrison was lifted from his feet and thrown into a large stone room. He stumbled to the floor, grazing his knee and tearing a hole in the worn tights. Blood smeared the exquisite patterned tiles. 
The floor was cold against Harrison’s palms. With shaking limbs, he pushed himself to stand. He felt a sharp blade resting against the back of his neck and fell back to his knees as he surveyed the room. 
The great hall was the same size as his house. He took a moment to admire the ceiling, nearly smiling at the complex design. His eyes ran down the whitewashed walls, painted with moons and stars that flickered with candlelight. He couldn’t believe he was actually in a great hall, seeing with his own eyes the castles he had imagined walking through every time he read Robin Hood or watched an epic movie.
Laughter bubbled in his throat. Everything was the same…the round fire in the middle of the room, the raised dais with the baldaquin curtain hanging grandly behind it, the large chair housing the wealthy baron.
His throat closed off and he dropped his gaze back to the tiles, suddenly aware that every eye in the room was studying him.
“Bring him here.” The baron’s English accent was crisp—each sound annunciated precisely.
Two hands clamped under his armpits and dragged him past the long trestle tables. He was dumped in a heap at the foot of the dais.
More from curiosity than courage, Harrison raised his gaze. The baron’s ringed fingers were greasy. He rubbed them together then licked each one. With a swift jerk, he plunged his dagger into his trencher filled with succulent red meat. It smelled divine. 
Harrison’s insides began to shake as the baron’s dark glare bore into his skull. Very slowly, he reached for his goblet and took a large mouthful. Red juice lined his lips and dribbled out the edge of his mouth. He wiped it away with the back of his hand.
“I do not like to be disturbed when I’m eating.” He cleared his throat. “Especially by rodents who think they can take what does not belong to them.”
Harrison had to look away. He could feel sweat beading on his brow, but could not move to wipe it.
“Where’s the prisoner?”
Harrison kept his eyes on the floor and focused solely on the art of breathing.
“Why do you want him?”
Harrison closed his eyes.
“Where do you come from?”
Just keep breathing.
“Who are you and WHY ARE YOU HERE?” The baron slammed the table so hard the goblet fell over. Harrison flinched at the crash and watched the red liquid drip onto the tiles. 
Drip. Drip. Drip.
It was the only sound in the room.
Harrison’s heart beat like a jackhammer. He shook his head and bit his lips together. He couldn’t tell the truth or he’d be accused of witchcraft. He could lie and say he was a member of the prisoner’s family, just trying to see justice done. But that would have him thrown in a cell. Barons were not crossed. 
Whatever he said—true or false—would see him dead.
“So you say nothing.” The baron’s fingers drummed on the table then clicked.
A shock of pain radiated across Harrison’s face as a solid fist landed beneath his right eye. His head lolled to the side. He fought off the scatter of white stars in front of him.
“I need to know why you are here.” The baron spoke in clear, slow syllables.
Harrison cried out as the guard behind him ground his heel into his wounded calf.
“Are you a spy? French, maybe?”
Harrison felt like crying when the guard eventually let up. He whimpered and shook his head.
“And what of the gold dust? Some sort of witch craft?”
Harrison felt his chest constrict. He swallowed and forced his eyes to remain on the tiles.
The baron slammed his fists on the table and stood up. His chair toppled backwards as he pulled his dagger from the trencher and rushed around to Harrison’s side. Grabbing Harrison’s face in a pincer grip, he forced eye contact.
“If you are not going to say anything, I may as well cut out your tongue! You seem to have no need of it.”
Harrison’s eyes grew wide and his head shook in desperation. 
“Then speak!” The baron let go of his face, disgusted.
“I… I cannot, your Grace.” He thought of every period piece film he’d ever seen and went for the best British accent he could. It sounded pathetic so he mumbled the next line. “I am sworn to secrecy.”
The baron’s eyebrows rose. “Even if it costs you your life?”
Harrison blinked. “Yes.” 
The baron shot up straight as an arrow. Spinning the dagger point on his finger, he paced around Harrison’s quaking form. Bending low, he grabbed a handful of Harrison’s hair and yanked it back until tears formed. His breath was hot and foamy in Harrison’s ear. “There is much pain to suffer before death, oh brave one. I will get the truth one way or another.”
Harrison felt vomit searing his esophagus.
“String him up in the dungeon.” The baron flicked his hand at the guards. “I’ll deal with this after I have finished my food.”
With a flick of his robe, the baron returned to his seat and Harrison was dragged from the hall, past ogling eyes. He could handle the looks of curiosity and disdain. It was the pity that had him praying for a swift death.

*****

They appeared simultaneously on the hay. Gemma crouched against the stall wall and peeked around the corner. Four guards were standing post at the entrance.
She indicated to her brother and father that they were not alone. With hand signals and a little lip-reading the trio organized their plan of attack and dispatched the guards without a sound, dragging them to the back stall.
“The guards weren’t standing post before. We must have arrived after Gemma left.” Dom pulled off the guard’s clothing and hurriedly put it on.
“We’ll have to search.” Gemma braided her hair and flung it over her shoulder. Crouching down, she tried on two pairs of the guard’s shoes, but none fit. She wriggled her toes with a frown.
“Damn it. I don’t like this. He may already be dead,” Alistair said.
“Dad, you said we had an hour. You promised.”
“I didn’t promise anything.” He looked away and cursed. “Dom, you circle right from the stables, I’ll go left and we’ll meet at the southern tower. If we haven’t seen him by then we’re leaving.”
“What about me?” Gemma adjusted the belt at her waist and slid the sword into its sheath.
Scanning his surroundings, Alistair smiled as he picked up a discarded bow. The quiver had four arrows left inside. “You can be over watch.” He handed them to her. “We need your fire cover.”
He slapped her on the shoulder and walked toward the door. Gemma ground her teeth as she walked behind them. Nestling down where her father indicated, she prepared her bow and nodded. 
Dom and Alistair ran in opposite directions. Gemma kept an eye on the walls above them. Soon they were out of sight and she was left at the stables stressing over where Harrison might be and worried about what her father might do if he did find him. 
Her muscles jerked and she began to bob on her toes. Doubt festered hot and pungent in her brain. It was enough to convince her that if she didn’t find Harrison herself, he would never make it home.

*****

Harrison was dragged to the dungeons. Images of what awaited him flashed through his brain. He had seen pictures of medieval torture and his stomach roiled to think which punishment they would choose. Would he be strong enough to withstand it?
Panic seized his body, making him thrash against the guards as they shoved the tower door open and pulled him into the dank stairwell. A forceful whack with the hilt of a sword turned his limbs to jelly. He tried to shake off the pain and in a last-ditch effort for peace, let his thoughts turn to Gemma.
He ached for her, knowing her parents would probably refuse to go back, knowing she would not have the strength to fight for him. The depressing thought was heavy in his brain, followed by the sharp pinching pain of guilt. He squeezed his eyes shut.
“She would,” he mumbled.
The guard slapped him on the back of the head. “Quiet, you!”
“She’d fight. She’d find a way.” His eyes popped open. 
I’ve got to get to the stables!
Harrison’s muscles went taut. The guards tightened their grip, but not fast enough to slow Harrison’s thrashing. He punched his way free, but didn’t get far. One guard lunged after him and they toppled down the stairs together, taking out the second guard. Harrison struggled for breath as the man landed on him and shot an iron fist into his face. He barely had time to moan before he glimpsed the dagger. 
Lifting his arms, he blocked the first blow and held the knife at bay, but his fight was futile. The guard was built like a bear. He forced his brain to shut-the-hell-up and pushed against the dagger. His arms were about to collapse when the man lurched back. His eyes bulged wide then his body slumped, an arrow piercing his throat. 
Harrison pushed the man off with a grunt…and Gemma ran down the stairs toward him.
He struggled to his feet with a goofy grin.
“Take my hand!” She pulled him toward the door, but quickly diverted at the sound of clanging armor. “Come on!” 
They raced up the narrow stairwell, finally smashing their way out into the dimming light. They circled the top of the tower, the breathtaking view of the countryside lost on them. Gemma ran to the edge and looked over the side. 
“The curtain wall’s not too much of a drop.”
Harrison leaned over beside her and gaped. “Are you insane?”
He glanced behind him. The sound of clanging armor was approaching with speed. The first guard burst through the door and Gemma downed him with a quick arrow. The second came hot on his heels. He was soon lying in heap on top of his partner.
Gemma looked over the edge then back to the door.
“They’ll just keep coming. We have to climb down.”
Hot, shaky breaths jumped out of him as he took in the plummeting drop. “What are we supposed to hold on to?”
“There are enough grips there.” Gemma jumped onto the ledge and lowered herself down. Harrison watched her toes balance on the edge of a stone no more than a half-inch wide.
She glanced up, her expression stern. “Hurry up.” 
Harrison swallowed convulsively and followed her. Very carefully, he lowered his body over the edge. His feet found a narrow grip in the side of the stone and he shuffled alongside his girlfriend, mimicking her every move.
His fingers began to cramp. He tried not to look down, but couldn’t help one glimpse to the ground. He pictured them plummeting to the stones below and quickly turned back to face the wall. 
They inched along until there was another safe place to descend. Gemma carefully shimmied her body down and nearly slipped. The muscles in her arm shot tight as she righted her mistake. Harrison felt a wave of panic fire through his system and stopped for a second to catch his breath. He closed his eyes and pulled in enough air to regulate his heart, then shot Gemma a “don’t you dare do that to me again” look. She managed a quick grin of apology before continuing their descent.
He wasn’t quite sure what Gemma’s plan was. Once they reached the curtain wall they could run around the edge, but then what? Was she just using up time before being whisked home? He shuffled quickly to catch up and tried to make sure his hand was brushing hers as often as possible. 
He took another step down, following Gemma’s descent, and felt his insides split in half as she let out a feeble cry. 
Her body jerked. 
Two arrows protruded from her back.
“Gemma!” 
She went limp. He let go of the wall and reached for her falling figure, managing to catch her hand. Another arrow shot past his head and he ducked while still trying to stay attached to the wall. 
“Hold on!”
Gemma’s eyes swirled as she looked up at his face. 
“It’s okay. I’m not letting you go.” He fought against the slipperiness of their skin. He could feel the inevitable as his body screamed to let go.
He gazed back into her eyes and saw the message.
“No, Gemma, don’t you dare,” he whispered, tightening his grip on her weak hand. “Stay with me.” 
Glancing back up at his protesting fingers, he begged them to stay attached to the wall. It was pure agony watching them slip from their hold. The air rushed past him as he plummeted for the ground. He closed his eyes and gripped Gemma’s hand, yelling against the feeling of her slipping from his grasp.

*****

St. Augustine, Florida - 2011 AD

The stark, white light of the hallway was blinding as Harrison opened his eyes and re-calculated his brain.
Patting his chest, he sat up and looked down at his hands. They were shooting with pins and needles. Turning them over, he studied his shaking palms and suddenly realized–
I’m not dead!
The sensation of falling still rippled through his system. 
Gemma!
He turned to see her pale body crumpled beside him. Ignoring the pain radiating through his muscles, he pulled her into his arms.
“Gemma.” He shook her. Her lack of response made his brain want to melt, but he quelled the urge in order to check her pulse. 
It was weak and thready, but it was there. Grabbing her clothing from the floor, he bunched up her shirt to try and stanch the bleeding coming from the two open wounds in her chest and stomach. The arrows were no doubt sitting on a castle wall somewhere in 14th Century England.
An instant hatred for her lifestyle speared through him. How could her father put them in that kind of danger, for the sake of some man they didn’t even know? Harrison wondered if the stableman and his family had made it, but one look at Gemma’s ashen face had him throwing the thought aside with force. He didn’t care if the guy had made it. He just needed Gemma to.
“Hang on, baby. Please, just hang on.”
Laying her gently on the floor, he covered her with his sweater and scrambled for his jeans. While shoving a leg through each hole, he dug in his pocket for his cell phone. Sliding it open, he was about to dial 9-1-1 when the phone in Gemma’s pants began tinkling.
He nearly tore the pocket apart as he raced for her small piece of hardware. He touched the screen and held it to his ear.
“Is Gemma okay?” Alistair said.
“No,” Harrison’s voice quivered. “She’s hurt…bad.”
“What part of the mall are you in?”
“A corridor leading out to the southern entrance. I’m dialing an ambulance.”
“No, don’t! We can’t afford that kind of publicity.”
“I don’t give a rat’s ass about publicity! She needs to get to hospital or she’s going to die!” The word tasted like ash in his mouth.
The response was stunned silence. 
“Hello?”
“She’ll get to a hospital,” Alistair's voice was clipped and efficient. “It’ll just be a more subtle approach. I think I know where you are. Carry on down that corridor, we’ll be waiting for you outside the exit.”
“But—”
“Just do it!”
He ignored the expletives screaming through his head and lifted Gemma into his arms.
Her head lolled against his shoulder as he rushed to the exit.
Turning around, he pushed the bar with his back and found Dom’s car screeching to a halt in front of him.
The passenger door flew open. Alistair ran around the vehicle and helped him get Gemma inside. His face paled at the sight of her, but his expression remained as tough as old boot leather. Pulling out his phone, he pushed Harrison into the front seat and jumped in beside Gemma, cradling her head on his lap. Dominic accelerated out of the parking lot and swerved into the street, ignoring the irate blasting of car horns as he took off toward the hospital.
“Penelope, Gemma’s hurt. It looks bad. Meet us at the hospital.”
Dropping the phone beside him, he didn’t take his eyes off Gemma. 
“Drive like hell, Dominic, or she’s not going to make it.”

Chapter Twenty-Four
Ponte Vedra Beach, Florida - 2011 AD

Harrison had never been tortured before. 
He’d seen it in movies, watched the victims agonize in various ways. 
Not once did he think he’d suffer the same plight, unless, of course, he counted the surreal experience from earlier that day. Thankfully he had avoided the 14th Century torture chamber. Now he sat in a 21st Century one and he was positive it was just as excruciating. 
Waiting to find out if Gemma would live or die. 
It was pure torture.
The minutes ticked by in slow motion as he limped a trench into the linoleum. Dom sat in a chair, his elbows on his knees and his eyes locked on the checkerboard floor. Ruby sat beside him, her legs curled beneath her. Her eyes were wide and unmoving. Her delicate fingers played with her bottom lip as she stared at nothing and waited in the deafening silence.
It was a calm contrast to their arrival at the hospital. Dom had been yelling for a gurney, while Alistair pushed Harrison firmly away from his daughter. Penelope rushed to her side demanding details. They’d trundled Gemma through ER and that was the last Harrison had seen of her.
Thirty minutes later Alistair’s clipped steps echoed down the corridor. Harrison watched him approaching, hoping for good news. Instead he faced a tornado of pent-up fury. Alistair’s face was hard as he grabbed Harrison’s collar and slammed him against the wall.
“If she doesn’t make it through this, I’m going to kill you.”
Harrison believed every word. Too shocked to utter a sound, he blinked stupidly at the man while waiting to be lowered to the floor. What seemed like a month later, the steaming man dropped him. Harrison crumpled to the floor. Leaning against the wall, he pulled his knees up and rested his arms across them, creating a square pillow for his forehead. He remained that way until his mother and Bryan rushed in.
She was flapping about demanding medical attention for her boy. After some stern words from Bryan, Harrison reluctantly limped to a bed where someone stitched up his leg and sterilized his swelling face. Dom accompanied them after a flick of Alistair’s head. He ran through the story a couple of times, making sure the Grangers knew all the ugly details of the “mugging.” Harrison sat in stony silence, staring at the rainbow poster on the wall.
“Harrison, you should sit. It’s not good for your leg.”
“I’m fine, Mom.” He ran his hand through his hair and gripped the back of his neck. His leg was numb, as was his brain. He studied the fluorescent lights on the ceiling then jumped at the sound of slow steps in the corridor.
Penelope walked into the room. She didn’t say anything or look his way, but the expression on her face set Harrison free. Stumbling back against the wall, he felt his lungs take in their first full breath. His eyes stung with relief.
Ruby let out a loud sob, covering her face with her hands and crumpling to the floor like a rag doll. Blinking at his own tears, Dom scooped her up and placed her gently back onto her seat. She clung to his shirt, drenching the fabric.
Alistair wrapped his wife in a firm hug and they remained that way until some quiet persuasion from a nurse had them heading home for some rest. 
“She’ll be in recovery for another hour or so then we’ll move her up to a private room. There’s nothing to worry about, Dr. Hart. We’ll take good care of her.”
“You’re probably right, Cynthia. Call me if anything changes.”
“You have my word.” The large woman smiled then turned to Harrison. “You too, son. Go home and get some rest.” 
“I’m not leaving.” His soft voice froze the waiting room as waves of black anger radiated toward him. 
Penelope’s steps were gunshots as she approached. “You are not going near my daughter again! You understand me?”
Harrison watched his mother frown at the woman’s reaction and open her mouth to intervene. He held his hand up to silence her.
“I’m sorry, Mrs. Hart, but I can’t do that. I’m staying.”
“No you are not!”
“Yes I am.” He kept his voice quiet.
Penelope’s nostrils flared. “How dare you contradict me? You are nobody. Do you understand that? You are not a part of my daughter’s future. Now leave!”
“No.”
Harrison wasn’t sure what swayed her decision. It could have been the fact she didn’t have the energy for the fight. It could have been the fact she saw in Harrison a stubborn will that would not be broken. Most likely it was the fact that a nurse from recovery arrived looking for him.
“Harrison? Gemma’s asking for you.”
He was too overwhelmed to feel smug. Without a backward glance he followed the nurse to recovery. Gemma had drifted back to unconsciousness by the time he got there, but just seeing her chest rise and fall in a steady rhythm was enough. Standing beside her bed, he ran his fingers gently over her hand, relishing the soft flame warming his fingertips.
Oblivious to human traffic, he stayed where he was. As he watched her sleep, his mind conjured up arguments that would allow him to stay by her side, but the need was taken away when a nurse arrived to transport Gemma to her own room.
“We’ve set up an extra bed for you.”
Harrison’s eyebrows rose with surprise.
“When she first arrived in recovery, she was still unstable,” the nurse explained as they entered the large lift. Pulling Gemma’s bed in behind her, she pressed the button and watched the doors close. “She kept mumbling your name over and over. When you got there she stabilized almost immediately. I explained this to Dr. Hart and she said you could stay.” She gave him a soft smile. “Your parents have gone home too. They’ll call you in the morning.”
Harrison sighed with relief. The day had been long and harrowing. All he wanted to do now was lie in that bed next to his girlfriend and watch her sleep. He knew there would be more battles to face tomorrow, but right now he could rest assured that there would actually be a tomorrow with Gemma in it.

Chapter Twenty-Five
Ponte Vedra Beach, Florida - 2011 AD

Soft beeping reached through the murky mud in Gemma’s brain. It was a consistent rhythm, like the dripping of a tap, and it unnerved her. Gentle hands were pushing at her stomach, dabbing something wet and cold against her flesh. Her insides ached, her head pounded and her eyes burned. She wanted the feeling to stop. She wanted the hands on her stomach to stop.
Her eyelids cracked open and she found the light around her blinding. Two fuzzy hands cleared into view and she looked down her nose as they wiped her belly and extracted a fresh, white bandage edged in medical tape.
What are you doing? Get off me!
The words were screaming in her head, but she couldn’t say them aloud. She struggled to move her sluggish muscles and hit the hands away. She felt too weak and woozy to do anything more than open her mouth and scream, “Harrison! Harrison, help me!”
“Hey, calm down.” The cool hands tried to hold her body still as she writhed away from their touch.
“Harrison!” She could hear her weepy voice and didn’t recognize it. 
What’s happened to me?
Tears welled in the corners of her eyes as she felt the panic work its way up her body. As each limb came alive with the urgency of fight, she struggled against the hands that tried to hold her and felt a sharp pain sear through her abdomen. 
She heard the door behind her fling open and the swift scuffle of feet approaching.
“Harrison!”
“I’m here. I’m here. Shhhh. It’s okay.” His cool hands smoothed back her hair and her body relaxed as his face came into view. His lips touched her forehead softly. “It’s okay,” he whispered, drawing his head back so he could look at her.
His brown eyes were lathered with warmth and relief. His cracked lips remained straight, but his eyes were shining with a smile. 
She reached up and gently fingered his bruised face, confused. He didn’t flinch away from her.
“It’s okay. Everything’s fine,” he whispered.
His thumb wiped at her tears. 
She closed her eyes, still felt him beside her and decided to try again.
Opening her eyes, she took her time to survey her surroundings. The hands that had been probing her stomach were now packing away a clump of bloodied bandages. Gemma’s eyes came to rest on the gentle face of what looked to be a nurse.
Laying a soft hand on her shoulder, the nurse sent her an understanding smile. “It’s nice to see you awake, Miss Hart. Sorry for the fright, I was just cleaning your wounds and putting on some fresh dressings.” She looked down at Gemma’s bare stomach then back to her face, a slight look of awe swirling in her eyes. “I’ve never seen stab wounds heal so quickly. At this rate you’ll be home tomorrow.”
Gemma could do nothing but give the woman a blank stare.
“Thank you,” Harrison said.
“I’ll go tell your family you’re awake.”
Gemma nodded as she fought the confused jumble of thoughts bouncing in her brain. Turning to her lifeline, she grimaced at the deep bruising on his cheekbone and jaw. “What happened?”
“We were mugged at the mall.” His voice was steady in spite of the shaking hand that brushed a lock of hair behind her ear. “You were stabbed. The perpetrator got away with our wallets.”
Her eyebrows puckered with confusion.
“It’s just a story for us earthlings to swallow.”
She smiled then winced at the sting from her dry lips. “Why do my chest and stomach hurt so much?”
His eyes clouded with pain as he leaned towards her. “You took two arrows in the back while we were climbing down the tower wall. We got you into surgery just in time.”
Flashes flew through her brain…a tranquil pair of eyes, a rushed escape, yelling, pleading, Harrison lying on the stairwell, climbing down a stonewall. She let out a soft gasp.
“The jail break,” she whispered. “Did he make it?”
Harrison’s eyes swam with wonder as he took in her expression.
“What?” 
“You’re more worried about the man than about the fact you nearly died?” His voice broke on the last word.
“What’s the point if we fail?”
He let out a soft chuckle and shook his head. His tongue briefly flashed over his lips before answering, “According to the history books, there was a stable hand that escaped death and managed to flee to Ireland with his wife and two children. He went on to work a small piece of land and if my research is correct, he had another eight kids.”
“Eight.” Gemma smiled.
“He told his children the story of the angels God sent to rescue him and it's been passed down through the generations.”
Gemma studied his face as he leaned back in his chair. He looked exhausted, the purple shadows under his eyes throbbing in time with his pulse.
“You look tired.” She ran her thumb gently over his fingers.
He chuckled and ran a hand back through his unkempt mane. “I’ve been a little too anxious to sleep.”
“So you researched instead?”
He tipped his head and gave her a blushing nod, finally pointing to the laptop resting on the bed beside hers.
“I knew you’d want to know.”
“You didn’t leave me?”
The look in his eyes stole her heartbeat.
“I couldn’t.” His voice was raw with an emotion she wanted to erase, but knew she never could. She’d nearly died and she saw the toll it had taken on him. 
Pulling his hand to her lips, she planted a fierce kiss on his knuckles. “I’m sorry.” 
Jumping to his feet, he leaned over her and brushed his hand down her face. Their noses were nearly touching as he whispered, “Don’t be. You made it.”
“I had a pretty good reason to.” She lifted her hand, running a finger down his jaw. “I love you, Harrison.”
The look on his face made her wonder why she’d waited so long to tell him.
“Ti amo, Gemma.”
The Italian words sounded sweet on his lips and she didn’t need to ask what he had said. His eyes shone as he lowered his head and met her lips with an exquisite kiss. The fire was a warm lick of comfort as it curled around her heart and swam down to her toes.
The only thing to shatter the perfect moment was the sound of the door scraping open behind her. Images of burning anger and shocked surprise swarmed her brain. Like wasps waiting to sting, she heard them buzz into the room and hoped she wasn’t allergic to what they had to say.

Chapter Twenty-Six
Ponte Vedra Beach, Florida - 2011 AD

Their lips pulled apart as her family bustled into the room. Harrison felt the loss intensely and was pleased when Gemma grabbed his hand as he allowed room for the tribe. He sat on the chair by the bed and played with her fingers as she turned to face her family.
She was no doubt remembering the black looks they had rained on her when they noticed his presence in the 14th Century. She would have no idea about the pacing, the shell-shocked silence and the quaking emotion. Harrison still felt his muscles quiver when he relived Mr. Hart’s menacing threat. 
After Gemma had been moved to her own room, Harrison had lain awake most of the night watching her chest rise and fall in the even pace of sleep. His relief at her survival had pulsed through his body, leaving him with a pounding headache. Sleep had eventually found him in the early hours. 
He’d stirred at the sound of quiet murmuring. Gemma’s mother was hovering over her daughter, checking vitals, flicking over her chart for the night. She hadn’t noticed his perusal and didn’t bother to look at him as she left the room. He’d drifted back into sleep once more and was awoken an hour later by Ruby, who was thrusting a hot coffee at him.
“Your mom called again. She wants another update, and Courtney keeps texting.”
He’d nodded his heavy head and thanked her for the coffee before stumbling out of the room with his phone.
The day had dragged by with each member of the family taking different shifts. His mother had popped in with fresh clothes and his laptop and he spent the afternoon absorbed in research, waiting for Gemma to stir. After his daylong vigil he had finally popped out of the room to stretch his legs while the nurse changed Gemma’s dressings… and that’s when she’d decided to wake up. A grin tugged at his lips.
You would have to wake when I’m out of the room, wouldn’t you, Gem.
The sound of his name on her lips still rang in the back of his mind. He had been down the end of the corridor sensing he should return when he’d heard the faint call. It had taken a second to register and then he’d taken off. The look on her face when she saw him said more than words ever could. 

The silence in the room was awkward. No one seemed willing to fill it. Harrison wondered why they weren’t gushing with all the emotion they had been living over the last couple of days. 
Gemma looked from face to face, obviously struggling to find any words to begin. Her father stood at the end of the bed just staring at her. His hand covered his mouth and his eyes blinked at threatening tears. Dom’s eyes twinkled with a smile; he looked as though he wanted to grab his little sister up in a bear hug. Ruby stood next to him. Her eyes were a slight mystery, but from what he could tell she was still fighting a war between relief and mistrust. 
Harrison’s eyes finally flicked to Dr. Hart. Her face wavered with strong emotion as she reached for her daughter’s hand.
“It’s good to see you awake.” Her voice shook and she drew in a deep breath. The efficient doctor persona from the last twenty-eight hours was slipping from her grasp. Standing on the other side of the bed to Harrison was Gemma’s wrung out mother. She brushed her knuckles down the side of her daughter’s face.
Gemma responded with a tired smile, which she in turn passed on to her siblings and father.
“How you feelin’, slim?” Dom gave her foot a gentle whack.
“Like I could kick your ass.”
The awkward tension in the room shattered.
“Looking forward to it.” Dom chuckled.
“Well, you still need your rest.” Alistair cleared his throat. “Dr. Hart here wants you to spend a couple more nights and then we’ll take you home, where you belong.”
His eyes shot to Harrison for a moment before flicking back to Gemma. She met his gaze with determination and entwined her fingers more solidly within Harrison’s. 
Her father’s eyes rose to the challenge, but soon dropped to the floor. He looked up to send a silent message to his wife, before ushering Ruby and Dom from the room. Gemma turned to face her parents as her father stepped back in.
“This shouldn’t have happened. You shouldn’t be here.”
“I know, Dad.” Gemma picked at the blanket.
The silence was oppressive and only broke when Alistair slammed his hand on the end table. “What did you think you were doing? Exposing yourself on a wall that way? You should have been in the stable where I left you!”
“I couldn’t just sit there and do nothing. We got to the top tower and were trapped. I didn’t have a choice.”
“You did have a choice.”
“That wasn’t an option.” Her voice was steel. She met her father’s black look with one of her own. His jaw went tight. Tapping the table with his knuckles, he put his hands in his pockets and left the room, followed swiftly by his wife.
Gemma’s lips quivered as she took a breath. Harrison rubbed his thumb over her skin. “They were going to leave me there, weren’t they?”
She shook her head then nodded, pulling in another shaky breath. “I couldn’t let that happen. Just the idea of you…” She sniffed. “You not being here doesn’t work for me. I can’t make it work.”
Her ragged sigh turned into a sob and she covered her face. Caught between elation and sorrow, Harrison gently pulled her hands away and wiped at her tears. His throat was too clogged to speak, so he gave her a smile and put as much gratitude into it as he could. 
She let out a hiccupy laugh and licked her lips. Sniffing, she looked at the bedside cabinet and squeaked, “Tissues?”
“I’ll get some.” Harrison jumped from his spot and shot into the corridor. 
He walked to the nurses’ station with a shaking head. She would’ve had to fight pretty hard to convince them to go back in time. Her getting injured was only going to compound the situation. He had to face facts. Gemma’s parents were never going to let them be together.
He asked for tissues in monotone and slumped back towards the room. A murmur of voices caught his attention. He walked toward the partially closed door and leaned behind it, recognizing Gemma’s parents.
“You know we can’t allow this. He’ll ruin everything.” Penelope clipped.
“Look, he already knows and obviously hasn’t told anybody. His parents have no idea, yet they knew he was dating Gemma. They must have been hiding this for a while.”
“Great, so they knew and we didn’t. How could she lie to us this way? She’s always been so good.”
Harrison listened to a heavy sigh.
“She’s never been in love before, Pen.” Another sigh. “I’m worried if we try and force this, we might lose her. You saw her reaction when we refused to go back.”
“That’s what scares me. If he can make her behave this way, what’s she going to be like in the future? We need to keep control of her. What if she pulls him through time again?”
“I’ve never heard of it happening before. I don’t know how she did it.”
“Well she obviously didn’t mean to.” Penelope’s voice was droll.
“But she did, without even trying.”
“Do you think she’s more gifted than we originally thought?”
“She’s definitely capable. That’s why we can’t afford to lose her.”
Harrison's chest tightened. Frowning, he leaned closer to the gap in the door, not wanting to miss a word.
“But that’s what will happen if we try and stop them from seeing each other. We have to keep her on side. Allowing them to date will score points and build some trust.”
“I suppose you’re right.” Penelope clicked her tongue. “But shouldn’t we at least try first. That’s what she’ll be expecting.”
Alistair chuckled softly. “I think it will be a futile argument, but if you want, we can try.”
Harrison peered through the wedge of light and saw Alistair pull his wife into an embrace. His gut stirred as he watched them. He wasn’t sure what underlying details he was missing, but something about the conversation unnerved him. 
Pasting on a bland expression, he entered Gemma’s room and passed her the tissues. She wasn’t in the right frame of mind to hear about his inklings. He wondered if she ever would be.
Gemma wiped her nose clean and looked at him. “Are you okay?”
He forced a smile. Bland obviously couldn’t hide the gnawing worry. “I’m fine.” 
He touched her face then pulled away as the door swung open. He wasn’t sure he could look at Mr. and Mrs. Hart without giving away his mistrust, so he kept his gaze down.
Gemma bundled up her tissue and threw it toward the trashcan. It missed. Alistair bent to rectify the situation then dusted his hands off and faced the young couple.
“You know this relationship of yours can’t happen, Gemma. There are rules.”
Gemma reached for Harrison’s hand and gave her parents a defiant glare. “I’m not breaking up with him. You can’t make me.”
Penelope gave a cynical laugh as she stepped towards the bed “That’s just it, isn’t it? You’ve been going behind our back for weeks, why stop now?”
Gemma’s face flamed with shame. She dropped her gaze to their hands. Harrison squeezed her digits as the Harts’ exchanged a quiet look. 
Defeated, Penelope nodded once and looked to the ceiling.
Alistair sniffed and stood tall. “We set up these rules to protect you, Gemma.”
“I don’t need—”
“Let me finish.” His sharp command silenced the room. “Your mother and I want you to be happy, but this relationship of yours needs boundaries.”
Gemma squeezed his hand. Harrison could sense her dark mood take flight. She looked up at her parents with bright eyes that were dimmed slightly by her mother’s sharp voice.
“Meaning no more traveling for Harrison.”
He forced his lips to remain straight. That wouldn’t be a problem. He wasn’t overly keen on experiencing that again.
“You can spend the day together at school obviously and are allowed one date per weekend.”
“One date? Mom—”
“You will tell us exactly where you are going and what you are doing. Your curfew is eleven o’clock, without exception.”
“Mom, can we negotiate—”
“There’s no sleeping together.”
Gemma’s face turned instantly red. Harrison felt Alistair’s eyes hot on him. He glanced up at the man and was so singed by the brief encounter that he had to look away.
“And lastly, this has to end when you leave for college.”
Harrison’s stomach coiled.
“Forget it. You can’t dictate that!” Gemma snapped.
“You either accept those rules or we start looking at boarding schools.” Alistair’s voice was laced with a stern warning. 
“Stoneridge Academy in Maine has been highly recommended to us.” Penelope smoothed her right eyebrow with her pinky finger.
Gemma pressed her lips together and shot her mother a dark look.
“Take what you can, darling, and smile. You’ve won this round.” Penelope squeezed her daughter’s forearm then stepped back to let Alistair kiss Gemma’s cheek.
A half-hearted smile flickered across her face as she murmured farewell to her parents. The room lay in silence after their departure and Harrison didn’t want to fill it. He could see Gemma’s mind hard at work as her fingers ran up and down his arm, stopping to fidget with his watchstrap at varying intervals.
“Maybe by the time we graduate they’ll see why I love you so much and be willing to bend the rules a little further.” Her hopeful voice made him smile.
“I’ll do my best to persuade them.”
She looked exhausted as she forced a smile. Her tired eyes turned his way. “I guess I should be grateful they’re not keeping me under lock and key. I was so expecting them to say I could never see you again.”
He cleared his throat. “Yeah, well, I think they knew you were going to put up a pretty vicious fight if they tried.” He stilled her fidgeting hand with his own. “You should rest, Gem.”
He caressed her forehead and she closed her eyes with a sigh. Frown lines soon appeared on her brow.
“What is it, babe?”
“I hate feeling this way. Like I have no control.” She drew in a shaky breath. “I mean, I’ve won this battle, but ultimately I’m going to be paired with someone else and how can I stop them? I can’t escape this life. Dad controls everything.”
Harrison sensed the stress creeping up her body. 
“I love helping people, Harrison, I do! But I want my own life. I want to be with you and for that to be okay. I want my say to count for something.”
“Hey.” He touched her face, needing to end the worry before it started taking a physical toll. “Look at me.”
She reluctantly turned toward him.
“We just had our say and they’re letting us enjoy the rest of high school. You probably thought they were going to kill me when they found out about us. Who knows what they’ll say in another year or so. Don’t focus on the lack of control. Focus on the hope of this summer and a great senior year.”
Her body relaxed as he finished his little speech, but her eyes remained unsettled. 
“I just don’t ever want to lose you.”
“Then don’t.” 
Rising from his chair, he leaned over the bed rail and kissed her. Her lips were warm beneath his, the flames simmering through his senses.
Pulling back, he looked at her face and watched her lips pull into the smile he had fallen for.
“Tu es ma stella del mattino. Tu es ma gioiello.”
Her tired eyes lit with wonder. “What does that mean?”
“I’ll tell you some time.” He kissed her nose. “For now, you need to get some sleep.” 
The fact she put up no fight, gave away her sheer exhaustion. Tipping his head, he studied her fondly before tucking a strand of hair behind her ear and lightly kissing her once more. 

Chapter Twenty-Seven
Ponte Vedra Beach, Florida - 2011 AD

The early morning sand felt cool between her toes. Gemma buried her feet beneath the grains, feeling a slow contentment build within her. Summer was coming. The searing heat, the hours in the ocean, the freedom of no school, the chance to spend that unallocated time with her boyfriend… She couldn’t wait.
Peeking to her left, she bit her cheek then asked, “So we’re good then?”
“Yeah.” Ruby rocked to her side and nudged their shoulders together. “I guess I won’t kick your ass.”
Gemma laughed.
The walk at dawn had been Ruby’s idea. The beach was practically empty and the still air was soothing. Gemma had been out of hospital just over a week and had been restlessly waiting for Ruby to make the first move. When she’d shaken her awake, Gemma had been too surprised to kick her out of her room. 
Ruby’s apology had been simple and sweet, Gemma’s forgiveness swift. 
“You want to know the whole truth, Gem?”
“Always.” She kept her eyes on the ocean, not sure if she actually did.
“It wasn’t just the fact you shared our secret that made me mad. I was…jealous.”
“Jealous? Of me?” Gemma gaped at her sister. “Why?” 
“Because you’ve got this boyfriend who treats you like a princess. It’s so obvious you love each other.”
Gemma blushed as she reached for a handful of sand.
“And then you told him what you are and he stayed. He doesn’t think you’re a freak. You get to be one hundred percent yourself around someone who isn’t family…and I want that.” Ruby’s eyes were moist as she glanced at Gemma. “You’re not the only one who gets tired of lying.”
“Acting,” Gemma corrected with a smile.
Ruby sniffed out a chuckle.
Gemma shuffled closer in the sand and wrapped an arm around her sister.
“Please don’t give me the 'your time will come' speech. I don’t think I could stomach it right now.”
Gemma pinched her lips together, gulping back her words.
“I’m glad you’re happy.”
“Thanks, Ruby.”
Drawing in a shaky sigh, she pulled her shoulders straight and wiggled out of Gemma’s embrace. 
“We should head back. I want to drive down to Orlando today and get some serious shopping done.”
“Still looking for the perfect prom dress, huh?”
“Of course,” Ruby’s smile was dazzling. “Thanks to you breaking the rules and kicking up a big stink, I don’t have to hide the fact I’m going to prom. Of course I won’t advertise that I’m going with the most gorgeous guy in school.”
Gemma giggled. 
“But since I am going with the most gorgeous guy in school, I don’t want him to look better than me.”
“Someone look better than you? I don’t think that’s possible, Rube.”
Her sister giggled sweetly. “Wanna come?”
“No,” Gemma shook her head. “You and Mom go ahead. I’m just gonna—”
“Make out with your boyfriend?” Ruby rolled her eyes while Gemma blushed up a storm.
“I was actually going to say, that I might stay and go for a run before the day heats up.”
“Oh.” Ruby looked disappointed as she stood and brushed the sand from her shorts. “Well, have fun.”
“You too.”
Gemma watched her sister glide over the sand as if it were flat glass. Rising from her spot, she headed to the water’s edge, stretching her arms high and preparing her muscles for a work out.
“How far do you usually run?”
The voice behind her was rich and smooth like melted chocolate. She spun on her heel and found herself facing a tall man, his hands casually tucked into his fraying jeans. His black, wavy hair was lined with fine strips of grey and his face looked tanned and weathered. His eyes were so clear and serene she felt an easy peace trying to find a good perch within her. It was the magnetic pull he seemed to have on her that was keeping the peace at bay. He felt familiar.
“Four to five miles,” she tried to keep her voice casual as she pulled a tie from her wrist and began shoving her hair into a ponytail.
“That’s pretty good. Sand is great resistance training. You need that in your line of work.”
The wary caution inside her jumped to full alert as she felt the particles in her blood start to run cold.
“Who are you?”
“That’s not important right now, Gemma.”
Her blood turned to ice.
“How do you know my name?”
“I know a lot about you, putus unus.”
Gemma scoffed before she could stop herself. “I’m not a pure one.”
Her body jolted with the realization that she’d just given away the fact she knew exactly what he was talking about. 
“Yes, you are. You’re the only one left.”
His intense gaze had her stepping back. She felt the salt water lick around her ankles, but couldn’t tear her eyes away from him. Who was this man? And how did he know about the electus, the original pure ones? Fear coiled in her stomach as she waited for the sense of danger to swamp her, but she couldn’t reach past a quiet caution. There was something so calm about him, and she found it attractive. 
She resisted his pull and stepped further into the water. Her mind ran with distant thoughts of stranger danger and she urged them to the forefront.
Her parents’ horror stories of their kind being harmed by people just like this fired through her brain.
“Leave me alone.” She managed to say, feeling a small sense of relief as she built a wall between them. “Stay away from me.” 
The water swallowed her feet as she raised her hands and backed away.
A flash of deep sorrow lit across his face, but it was so fleeting Gemma wasn’t sure if she’d seen it or not.
“I haven’t come here to hurt you.” He raised his palms in a gesture of peace. “But it’s time you knew the truth. Bad things are brewing, and if you want to survive them, you’re going to need to be prepared.”
Reaching into his pocket, he extracted a small flip phone. Her heart was thumping like a boom box as she caught the phone with shaking fingers.
“Mine’s the only number on there. Try not to use it in front of an audience.”
His easy manner was calming enough to make her nod, but she could feel the slow pulse of shock beginning to thread into her system. The idea of a carefree summer crumbled to dust as she struggled to keep her legs from buckling.
“I’ll be waiting for your call.” 
His eyes caressed her face before turning and walking up the beach, his feet negotiating the lumpy sand as if it were flat glass. 

TO BE CONTINUED…

Keep reading to find out about Black Blood (Time Spirit Trilogy, #2)


BLACK BLOOD

Dear reader,

Gemma and Harrison made it!

Or have they?

Who is this mystery man on the beach and what is he so desperate to tell Gemma?

His news will shake the very foundations of her world and she won’t want to hear what he has to say, but she’ll be forced to listen…

Thanks to her parents and a nightmare trip back through time, Harrison’s family line will be broken…which means he no longer exists.

Can Gemma find a way to change the past and bring him back?

Find out in Black Blood

Happy reading!

xx
Melissa 
www.melissapearlauthor.com


