GRACE AND THE DRAWL
Written By
DALE CUSACK
Smashwords Edition
Copyright © 2010 Dale Cusack



Legal

This ebook is entirely a work of fiction, all events described are works of the author’s imagination any resemblances to persons living or dead, events or localities is entirely coincidental. This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.




Prologue

~Seven years earlier~

It was the day Grace died that they first came for her. It had started out as a brilliant day. The sun was shining, the wind was absent and the birds chirped happily in the trees around the edge of the frozen lake. Grace was ice skating on Lake Pearson with her brother and father. There were a few families enjoying the lake that day. 
‘Look at me daddy,’ Grace called out as she whizzed along on the skates she had received from her grandparents last Christmas. She had relentlessly bugged her parents to go skating and when the lakes had finally submitted to winter’s bitter cold her parents had relented and taken Grace, and her younger brother Jason, skating.
‘Don’t go too far Grace,’ said her dad as he skated along with Jason. It was Jason’s first time on the ice and his dad had to hold his hand to stop him from falling.
It was a loud crack and a quick scream that grabbed his attention. As only a parent could, he instinctively knew something terrible had happened. Frantically scanning the lake surface for his daughter he saw nothing. He sat Jason down on the ice and skated furiously out to where he had last seen Grace.
The ice had cracked and Grace had plunged into the water. She thumped at the ice with her tiny fists. She clawed at it trying to find purchase. Yet it was so slippery she couldn’t hold on, the current carrying her away from the crack she had fallen through. Grace’s small lungs started to burn as they demanded oxygen. The burning fought its way up her chest. She could see people above her on the ice. They looked all twisted and distorted.
Grace bashed her hands against the barrier until her skin split. She tried to scream but no sound would come out. She listened but could hear nothing, nothing but the torturous beating of her own heart tearing at her eardrums, straining the veins and arteries of her body, her lungs burning inside her chest. 
Grace’s father skated up and down the surface of the frozen lake frantically trying to find his daughter. He had found the hole that had swallowed her but she couldn’t be seen. He and the other parents spread out to look but they were moving away from Grace as the current dragged her down. 
Why can’t he see me? Why can’t he hear me? she thought as she watched her father move out of sight. Her brain was so tired. It was so cold in here, so very, very cold. Darkness started to close in. Slowly at first, hiding all the little details surrounding her, and then, getting greedier, it started to nibble away at her vision. Soon it had devoured everything. All Grace could see was a tiny ball of light, then a pin prick, then nothing. Her mind fought it at first, it didn’t want to let go, it was too soon, much too soon. She was too young. So many experiences, tastes, sounds and sights left to see; her first kiss, her wedding day, so many memories that would never be. She couldn’t fight the urge to breath any longer, her lungs were tearing at her throat, she gulped in a mouthful of icy cold water, then another and another, retching until her lungs were full. 
Then her mind accepted its fate, calmed down and told her not to fight it. Grace couldn’t feel the cold sting of the water anymore. She started to sink backwards drifting down, down, down….
The ambulance arrived within fifteen minutes. Grace’s father had found her, catching sight of the red jacket she wore through the surface of the ice. He’d smashed his way through the ice breaking his knuckles and tearing the skin. Then he dived into the lake and recovered his daughter’s body. When Grace was pulled from the water her heart wasn’t beating. The paramedics wrapped her in thermal blankets and started CPR. 
At the hospital the doctors told Grace’s parents that the extreme cold had made it possible to resuscitate Grace. Her parent’s elation was short lived, however. Grace was alive again, but now in a coma.
Grace wasn’t alone in the dark depths of her coma for long, however. Something had found her. Found her alone, weak and frightened. It would visit her many, many times and each time Grace would scream and scream until her throat was raw and her lungs ached. But no one answered. No one ever came to help her. 
Then one day everything changed. Shadow came.

Last night, dusk.

The large ginger cat waddled down to the end of the concrete driveway and sat facing the last of the sun’s light. He joined all the other neighbourhood cats who had gathered to watch the sunset. It was a regular occurrence for them. All over the world cats gathered in driveways and waited. The ginger cat looked over at the mottled brown male. He looked agitated, impatient. This was his first time on duty.
‘Here they come,’ he whispered to himself.

~~~~

For their entertaining ways and choosing to share their lives with us, I dedicate this book to all the worlds’ cats.

~~~~

Chapter One


Grace was just like any other teenage girl. There were posters of teen idols on her bedroom walls. She worried about zits on her face, and her heart skipped a little faster whenever Grant Minke smiled at her in English class. Grace was a normal teenage girl in every way. That was until today.
‘May I be excused?’ asked Grace as she pushed her chair back from the table and started to rise.
‘You may,’ came her mother’s reply. ‘But don’t forget to take your plate up to the sink.’
Grace was already racing towards the door when her mother pulled her up. She returned to the table scooped up her dishes and deposited them on the bench, then beat a hasty exit, lest her brother find some way of weaselling out of doing the dishes. It seemed like every week he conjured up more and more imaginative ways to avoid washing up. 
Usually mum would prefix the request with something like: 
‘But you do a better job than him.’ Just because my brother is lazy why does that mean I have to do it? Grace thought as she skipped down to her room. Closing her bedroom door, she flopped onto her bed and emptied her school bag full of books onto the floor. She had a stack of homework, but it was a teen magazine that caught her attention. Flicking through the pages, it took only a short time for her to feel guilty about the homework she wasn’t doing, so to make herself feel better about it, she gave her room a brief tidy up. Funny how chores seemed less bothersome when the alternative was something worse. 
After putting it off for almost forty five minutes Grace turned her attention to the school work. She was a reasonably solid student, due mainly to the fact that she studied hard rather than any natural ability. Her parents encouraged her and made sure she did her assignments, took an interest in how she was doing, as they did with her brother. But Jason was quite a bit younger than his sister, and not as much was expected of him yet. Their parents had always made Grace study after dinner. When she was little her father had helped her to learn to read and told her stories about the world. He had spent a little time each day making sure she had a good foundation before she was ready to start school. 
‘If only my parents had shown more interest...,’ he would say with a distant look in his eye reminiscing about his own childhood.
Now, however, he would come home from work tired, not saying much, just zoning out in front of the TV. In fact lately the whole family seemed to just sit facing the idiot box, rotting their brains thought Grace as she finished her last piece of homework and dropped her books back into her satchel ready for school the next day.
Grace flicked off the light and set out to see what the rest of the family was doing. Needless to say she found them in the lounge.
‘Where’s mum?’ Grace asked her father. At first it looked like he hadn’t heard his daughter. He just sat staring at the telly.
‘Dad?’ Grace repeated. Finally her father looked up, his eyes were drooping and his face looked flaccid. He looks terrible. If working and being a grown up does this to you, I seriously don’t want it! Grace thought to herself brushing the tight flesh of her cheek as she eyed the deep wrinkles in her father’s face. How he has aged in the last few weeks. Work must be killing him. And yet his job wasn’t all that high powered, he was a marketing manager for an IT company; it wasn’t as though he was running the country.
‘Your mum’s making a hot drink, why not go and see if she needs help?’ her dad eventually managed to reply before turning his attention back to some dumb show he was watching about doctors and police. It seemed every show on TV was about doctors or detectives these days. Grace trudged down the hall into the kitchen. 
‘What ya doing mum?’ she asked as she stepped into the kitchen. Grace’s mum was a kind looking middle-aged women with a figure many younger women would be envious of. She smiled up at her daughter and pointed to the fridge.
‘You’re just in time to lend a hand. Can you feed Boot? I’m not sure if there’s any food left in the refrigerator but there’s a fresh tin of cat food in the garage.’
The fridge was empty so Grace retrieved the cat food from the pantry in the garage and came back inside and opened the drawer to find the tin opener. At the sound of the lid being removed from the tin Boot came running through the cat door.
‘He must just sit out there listening for it I swear!’ said Joyce, Grace’s mum. Boot was a stray that had started hanging around a few months back. He was a large black cat with a white cravat under his chin and a placid and gentle nature. Grace’s mum wasn’t really a cat person but her dad was, so Boot was permitted to stay. It wasn’t that Joyce was against cats. It’s just that you are either a cat person or a dog person and Joyce was a dog person. Grace emptied half the tin into Boot’s bowl, and gave his back a good rubbing while he purred madly with his face buried in food.
‘Would you take this into your father love?’ Joyce asked handing Grace a hot cup of ribena. Grace caught the sweet waft of rum. Her father had a rule about drinking caffeinated drinks after lunch. He said it kept him awake, and he would be grouchy the next day. The rum was his dentist’s idea. It seemed that dear old dad had been a tooth grinder in his younger days, so the dentist had suggested the toddy as a way to calm him down in his sleep. Grace stole a sip as she padded down the corridor into the TV room. The ribena was sweet but the rum gave it a bitter edge, Grace couldn’t fathom the appeal. It ruined a perfectly good drink she thought.
‘Here’s your rumbina dad,’ she announced as she deposited the cup on the coffee table in front of him. As she turned to look at her father, Boot pushed open the door and wandered in.
Grace’s face went pale, as her eyes fell on her dad. She sucked in lungs full of air to scream. Hovering over her father from behind his chair was some ghastly apparition. A dark figure with long black claws was clutching her father’s head. It seemed to be sucking something from out of her dad’s skull. Her father rolled his eyes up at his daughter, barely seeing her.
As Boot moved into the room he too saw the creature. As he looked from the creature to Grace, he stared at Grace’s expression. Boot hissed and raised his heckles as he crouched back onto his haunches.
Grace couldn’t take her eyes off the creature; it was so dark, so black. It seemed to just swallow light. And yet it hardly seemed to be there at all. Maybe it was just a shadow from the TV. But then the creature moved. It raised its head and looked up. Facing straight at Grace it opened its mouth. A roar tore out through its horrible gaping hole. Its breath was chilling and its ferocity froze its way deep down into Grace’s bones. Grace wanted to act, wanted to tear it away from her father. She tried to force her body to move, commanded her head to turn and look for something to strike with, and yet her body refused to function. She was frozen in place. After a few seconds her brain overwhelmed by what was happening, simply shut down. The last thing Grace saw before her head hit the ground was Boot and he appeared to be wearing clothes. But that’s crazy she thought as she fainted into unconsciousness.


Chapter Two


Boot walked through the jade gardens. He crossed over the little bridge that connected the palace to the main grounds and paused to check the pond for goldfish. Old habits he thought as he grinned to himself. He climbed the last set of stairs past the two palace guards who stood watching over the grounds, large pikes in their paws. They were immaculately dressed in flamboyant pantaloons and bright white tunics. Both cats wore the insignia of the Emperor.
Boot wasn’t meeting with the Emperor, however. His boss Jasper was just one of many other cats who worked in the palace. Boot made his way to his office, walked in and meowed a greeting.
‘We have a development, something amazing has happened!’ uttered Boot, trying to sound nonchalant, but failing to contain his excitement about the news he was so eager to deliver. 
‘The humans I’m protecting, one of them, Grace the young girl, saw it last night when it came. She was in the room, looked straight at it and fainted.’
‘Don’t be silly Boot,’ snapped Jasper. ‘You know very well that humans can’t see the Drawl. No human has ever seen one. They are blissfully unaware of the danger surrounding them, and equally unaware of our efforts to protect them.’
Boot studied his superior’s face in an effort to find some trace, some hint of doubt. A sign that maybe he believed Boot was right, but there was nothing, Jasper’s face had the solemn look of a bureaucrat who had seen it all before.
‘Now if there is nothing else to report...?’ Jasper enquired moving Boot by the arm towards the door. Before Boot could protest he found himself in the hall outside Jasper’s office.
Despondent and disappointed Boot headed out the way he had come in. 
‘I know what I saw,’ he muttered to himself. ‘And I’m going to prove it!’
Back in his office Jasper fumbled with a chain around his neck. Pulling forth a key, he opened a locked drawer under his desk, and removed a small manila file with one word typed in bold across the cover - Grace. 
He hurried out of his office with the file under his arm.
Jasper took hold of the two large brass handles on the meeting room doors and pulled them open. Two cats were already seated around a circular wooden table. One was large and grey with age, the other younger and very alert. The older one wore a uniform, the younger a white lab coat. Jasper acknowledged both cats as he sat down.
‘This had better be important Jasper,’ said Yang, the younger cat. ‘I’m a very busy feline.’ He looked Jasper up and down as he spoke. Noticing the file Jasper had opened before him, he twitched his ears forward.
Jasper cleared his throat and started to brief the two cats about the Grace file. Listening in silence they waited until Jasper had finished then sat quietly for a moment. Finally Yang drew a long slow breath and spoke again.
‘You are sure about this information?’ he asked. 
Jasper didn’t hesitate.
‘I know both cats involved personally, both good men, good soldiers. There is no doubting their testimony. I just don’t know what this means to us--’
‘Let us worry about that. Thank you for bringing this to our attention. We will take it from here. You may go back to work now,’ the younger cat cut him off.
Jasper scooped up the folder’s contents, turned and left. As the door clicked shut behind him the older cat spoke.
‘The emperor needs to be told.’
‘Yes, but be careful Talus my friend. There are spies everywhere,’ warned Yang. ‘Now I must get back to work. We are so close to a breakthrough I daren’t leave the lab for too long.’ With a concerned look on his face he rose and walked towards the door.


***


The imperial palace was large, but far from excessive. It was grand, but not grandiose. The current emperor, Gleetus, believed in moderation. He thought the money for massive monuments was better spent on education and basic health care for his subjects, than in building edifices to his ego. He was a practical cat, still young and full of life. His father had reigned for many, many years but had done so, for the large part, from his sick bed and little great work had been completed. The empire was in neglect when the younger heir took the throne. But he had been raised well, and had compassion and understanding to temper the brilliance of his mind.
General Talus found the Emperor sitting behind a large desk in a tastefully decorated room with his secretary Emus and religious attaché Thaal. Talus bowed low as he entered the brightly lit room.
‘Greetings Emperor,’ he said in his deep baritone voice that betrayed his age.
‘Ah Talus my friend, come in, sit down. Tell me what news you bring of the war?’ the Emperor enquired as he rose from behind his desk and moved towards a sofa in the middle of the room. ‘Emus, would you be so kind as to bring us some refreshments?’
‘Thank you,’ replied Talus. ‘The war doesn’t go all that well. If it wasn’t for the fact that the Drawl were busy with the humans, I’m not sure where we would stand. It seems like every day their numbers increase, and their appetite grows stronger. We need some advantage, a new weapon or tactic, because if we don’t find something soon…,’ Talus hesitated, ‘I see us losing this war.’ The General looked tired, the conflict worn like a medal emblazoned on his face, aged him beyond his years.
This wasn’t news to the Emperor and he quickly changed the subject.
‘So what brings you here today General?’ he asked, as Emus returned with refreshments. Talus waited as Emus poured tea and arranged some food on a platter before them, then quietly left through a side door.
‘Have you heard of the Grace file?’ Talus began as he sat forwards in his chair.
‘The girl in the prophecy?’ interrupted Thaal, who had remained silent up to this point.
‘Yes, of course,’ replied the Emperor. ‘I was briefed on the situation when it happened a while ago now, about six standard years if I’m not mistaken.’
‘Seven standard years,’ corrected Thaal, whose mind was already pondering the religious significance of the number seven.
‘Well today Boot, one of the deep cover operatives assigned to protect humans, filed a report with his superior that one of the humans he is protecting had seen a Drawl. That human is this same girl, Grace,’ Talus paused to study the Emperor’s face, but it gave no clue as to what he was thinking. 
The General continued. ‘Our scientists have been working on a device, a machine that could take this human and make her aware of our dimension. Enable us to communicate with her, explain the situation. Maybe we could convince her to enlist the other humans’ help in the war against the Drawl. What do you think?’
The Emperor stroked his whiskers thoughtfully. He was known for his incredible concentration. He could condense hours of thought into mere minutes and make an informed and considered opinion very quickly. He shot a glance at his religious counsel.
‘What do you have to say on the matter Thaal?’ he questioned.
‘This is indeed an intriguing development. The ancient texts do speak of one who would be born of the humans, a lowdim with the ability to see beyond their own dimension. If it is this human, then his Holiness the cat Pope would be most keen to meet her.’
‘So it’s settled then. General, liaise with the scientists to have her brought across. I would like to meet her myself. Imagine a talking human. What a novelty.’ And with that the Emperor rose and moved toward his desk, signalling an end to the meeting. As the General was leaving Emus reappeared from a little room off to the side and escorted the General to the door.


***


Thaal slipped out unseen and strode through passageways known only to the religious sect who inhabited the palace. He made his way across the great parade and caught a cyclo to the other end of town. The vehicle pulled up outside the papal temple and Thaal stepped out onto the footpath. He didn’t pay the driver. Members of religious orders seldom paid for anything. It was considered a blessing to provide service for those who worked for the cat Pope.
Thaal entered the papal palace through the main gates. The guards, much more lavishly dressed than the imperial guards, snapped to attention as he passed. This palace was much more extravagant than the imperial one he had just left. The Pope wished his subjects to associate the splendour of the palace with the splendour of heaven. No expense was spared. Gold was everywhere. Even the marbled floors were inlaid with gold leaf and ornate statues decorated the foyers. Large oil paintings depicted heroic scenes of cat saints from the past. The grandest painting of them all was hung in the main foyer. It depicted the current cat Pope banishing the Drawl from their dimension with a staff of light and the breath of God.
As the secretary opened the heavily engraved door for him Thaal strode into the Pope’s office and greeted his holiness by dropping to one knee and kissing his ring. 
‘Your worship,’ he whispered. ‘I bring interesting news.’ The Pope helped Thaal to his feet and beckoned him towards an over-stuffed red leather sofa in the middle of the room. The Pope himself preferred a plain wooden chair. It was an interesting counterpoint to the opulence of the rest of the building, but it helped to create an air of piety and humility, which the Pope was well aware of.
‘First a little refreshment Thaal?’ suggested the Pope. 
Thaal knew it was a request impossible to refuse.
‘Yes that would be most appreciated,’ he replied. The Pope made idle chit chat while his servants came and brought food and drinks for them. Then he set about nibbling on a piece of cake and sipping on his steaming hot cup of tea. Thaal could do little but play along. He knew the Pope was testing his patience. It was one of the many little mind games the pontiff enjoyed. Thaal just smiled and enjoyed his tea.
‘So, this news you bring Thaal,’ the Pope finally asked. ‘What is so important it can’t wait?’
‘It is the prophecy. I think she is ready,’ he started. The Pope’s ears twitched at the word prophecy. Thaal continued: ‘An operative assigned to protect the humans has reported that the girl has seen a Drawl.’
‘And you are sure this is the same girl from before?’ the Pope questioned. 
‘I am, and not only that, the Emperor is planning to have her brought across. They claim to have a machine….’
The Pope’s eyes widened.
‘They will bring her here? Impossible, no human has ever…,’ but his voice trailed off as he thought more about it.
‘I will pray on it,’ he said finally. Thaal knew the conversation was over. As he rose to leave he realized things had not gone as he had hoped.

Chapter Three


Grace slowly opened one eye, took a cautious look around and then opened the other. She was lying on the couch in her living room. Her mother was leaning over her fanning her with her apron. Her dad was looking on with a concerned look on his face.
‘Oh Gracie what happened?’ asked her mother. ‘I heard this bang and when I came in I found you lying on the floor.’
Grace’s memory of what had happened suddenly returned and she kicked her feet to sit up. She jerked her head about frantically, but couldn’t see anything that didn’t belong. Her father was sitting at the end of the sofa smiling at her. The cat was asleep on the other lounge seat. The hot drink Grace had brought in for her dad still sat where she had left it. It was as if nothing had happened.
‘There was this, this…,’ Grace’s mind struggled to find the right words to describe what she had seen, ‘horrible black monster and it was sucking your brains out Dad.’ Grace studied her father’s face. He wore a bemused look. But there were no signs of horrible disfigurement. No claw marks on his face, and he certainly didn’t look like someone who had been made a happy meal of for some hungry monster.
‘Grace, are you taking drugs?’ her mother blurted out. Always direct and not one to dress things up or pussyfoot around, her mother got straight to the point. ‘You know just because all the kids at school are doing it, doesn’t mean--’
‘Mum I’m not doing drugs OK!’ interrupted Grace, looking up at her mother’s face which was slowly turning red, a rouge of embarrassment, anxiety and relief.
‘Relax Joyce, it’s probably hormonal. You know all kids go through it when they get to their teens, why I remember when I was going through puberty--’
‘Eww!’ interjected Grace. ‘That’s like enough of the icky OK? It’s not hormones, it’s just…,’ Grace thought about it but she was at a loss to explain what it was as well. Maybe I’m working too hard at school, or is it anxiety about my midterms? Grace looked at Boot. The last thing she remembered was the cat leaping through the air. Boot was now tucked up into a tiny ball half buried in the sofa cushions sleeping happily away. No doubt trying to look as small and as inconspicuous as possible in the hope that mother doesn’t see him before she goes to bed. But it seldom works and usually Boot is unceremoniously dumped outside at night. Occasionally if he is lucky he will sneak into either Grace’s or her brother’s room and sleep curled up at the bottom of the bed.
‘Well I think it’s an early night for you young lady. Off you go and brush your teeth.’ 
Grace was tired, too tired to argue. So she shot her mother a half-hearted dirty look instead, and then shuffled off down to the bathroom.


***


‘More power!’ commanded Yang, the head scientist of the Institute of Applied Defence, the most renowned scientist in the whole empire and chief scientific advisor to the Emperor. Yang was a brilliant scholar, raw talent coupled with unbridled enthusiasm made for one fantastic discovery after another. His achievements were the pride of cats across the nation. Yang’s brightest student was Yin, a young short haired turquoise coloured cat with bright green eyes; eyes that often distracted Yang from his work. They had been working on this project for several months now. It had started off as conjecture over a coffee. Outlandish ideas scribbled on a napkin. Yang had been showing off and Yin not wanting to seem dim had also theorized wildly. The result was an outstanding piece of inter-dimensional theory. Nothing more would have been made of it, however, if it hadn’t been for an accidental discovery by Yin in an unrelated experiment. They would never have made the leap from paper tissue to a near working prototype.
‘Now ease it off, and stop!’ The glowing blue light in the chamber centred in the room abated. Yang approached and opened the small door on the side. He reached in and retrieved a small red object.
‘Primary inspection of 3D object looks positive. Integrity seems nominal,’ he babbled on in his usual narrative drone. Science was an anomaly, exciting to do, but boring to report on. After a few minutes Yang held the object up, watched the light play off its shiny red surface, inspected its curves and without warning, took a large bite from it.
‘Eww yuck! Oh that’s disgusting. I mean really, what do lodims find appealing in that?’ He spat the small piece of apple from his mouth and tossed the remaining fruit onto the lab bench. Yin looked on smiling, not just at Yang brushing the apple pulp out of his tongue, but because the experiment had been a success.
‘I think we are ready to test it on something bigger, something more…alive,’ suggested Yang. He looked at Yin, but she wasn’t nodding.
‘But we have no way of knowing how it will react with a living, breathing, moving thing. It’s all very well moving fruit but….’ Yin’s eyes flashed a look at the pile of failures in the corner. Fruit that had been turned inside out or burned beyond recognition and some had disturbingly vanished from both dimensions.
‘A human is not a piece of fruit. What if we turned this Girl inside out? Can we justify the risk?’ she questioned Yang.
‘The risk is not ours to justify, it’s up to the Emperor,’ Yang replied, trying to avoid the question.
‘But you are his chief scientific advisor. It will be your recommendation that the machine is ready.’
Yang paced across the room tugging on his bottom lip. Sometimes Yin was just too bright for her own good he scowled to himself. Lost in thought Dr. Yang could pace for hours. Whenever any doubt remains go back to first principles his father had taught him. Yang sighed and called his assistant over. 
‘Let’s start again from the beginning,’ he said.


***


‘Race you!’ shouted Jason, as he tore off ahead of Grace towards the front gate. Grace didn’t want to run in her school shoes, but her spirit of sibling rivalry got the better of her and she sprinted after her brother. Jason paused at the mailbox and checked inside, grabbed the mail, gave it a quick glance before stuffing it back into the box. 
‘It’s for you,’ he shouted over his shoulder as he took off up the path and disappeared inside. Grace stopped running and grabbed her letter. She followed Jason inside, went straight to her room and dumped her school bag on the floor. Flopping down onto the bed she kicked her shoes off, rolled onto her belly and examined her letter.
The letter was from her grandmother, whose once beautiful handwriting had been replaced by a barely legible scrawl. Grace’s grandma was now very old and not in the best of health. Grace read and reread the letter then she rolled off the bed and sat down at the writing desk her father had spent all one winter a few years back making for her. Grace had learned most of the swear words commonly used by adults by listening to her father yelling away in his workshop that year. She scratched around in one of the cubby holes and finally pulled out her special writing paper, not the everyday stuff she used for homework but the paper she wrote important things on, like the love letters to Grant Minke, even though she never posted them. There was a small pile sitting in a locked drawer in her desk.
Grace finished her letter and stamped it with a green frog sitting on a lily pad with the words Miss You printed neatly underneath. She folded it tidily and slid it into the envelope. Then she put it on the dinner table for mum to post in the morning. In the kitchen Grace could hear Boot scratching at the back door. Someone is not happy about being outside she thought, as she plodded down to the lounge. The rest of the family was, of course, watching TV.
After dinner and homework Grace found herself back in the lounge with her mum and dad. Her brother was sitting on the floor watching something on the box. Grace was reading a book for school. It was about some kids who lived on an island with no adults and no rules. It started off sounding fun, but now Grace wasn’t so sure. The story started to get heavy and so did Grace’s eyes. Finally unable to resist she closed her eyes just for a second and fell asleep.
Grace jerked her head up, blinked twice and tried to swallow but her mouth was dry. Something had startled her awake. The TV was still droning away but some other noise had disturbed her. She swung her legs off the sofa to fetch a glass of water. On the outside window ledge she could see Boot scratching madly at the window sill. That mad cat, she thought. Will he never give up? I thought cats hunted in darkness, and slept indoors during the day? Grace wondered why no one else had noticed Boot scratching at the window. But as she turned to ask she could see why.
The creature was back, and this time it wasn’t alone. The room appeared to be full of them. There were at least two on her father, one was sitting on the couch next to her mum and there were two feeding on her brother. Grace just stared, she didn’t scream, she didn’t move. She just sat there watching. Maybe if I don’t move they won’t notice me she thought. She watched as the creatures shuffled around her parents and brother, jostling for a better position, fighting and crawling over each other. More and more of them seemed to arrive, crawling down the walls sometimes melting through them, but all were trying to feed on her helpless family. Yet her mum and dad seemed totally unaware of their presence. They weren’t struggling. They quietly stared right through them absorbed in the TV. 
The phone rang. It rang for what seemed like thirty seconds before her dad got up to answer it. As he rose the creatures moved away and joined the others on her mum and brother.
‘Grace, telephone,’ her dad called from the hallway, ‘It’s some boy called Grant.’ But Grace still didn’t move. 
‘Grace! Your father’s calling you,’ said her mother.
‘Ew-wew some boy wants kissy, kissy with sissy, sissy!’ teased Jason and as Grace looked around all the creatures had gone. She stood up and walked slowly to the phone.
‘Hello?’ she said.

Chapter Four


Yang was still deep in thought when Yin coughed. She had sat in silence for what seemed like hours watching her mentor pace up and down the lab room floor.
‘You know we could just tell the Emperor that the experiment failed,’ she suggested.
Yang looked up at his student as if he had just been struck in the back with a bat. His deep blue eyes sparkled with the intellect that lay behind them as his mouth opened and closed without uttering a sound.
‘It was only a suggestion,’ Yin followed up lamely, realizing that Yang’s professional reputation was at stake and that admission of failure was not going to be an option for the proud scientist. Yang looked away and wandered off lost in thought again. 
‘What about testing it on some other living thing, something less…important?’ Yang looked disinterested but Yin continued. 
‘Well you are looking for a solution to a problem that may not exist. If we try it on something else that would be a start wouldn’t it?’
Yang started to come around. He looked up.
‘We could always try a dog I guess. Nobody likes dogs, especially not the annoying little ones. Find me a puppy or something to experiment on. If it’s a success, then I’ll present my findings to the Emperor.’
The floppy eared beagle tried to lick Yang’s assistant’s face as she pulled it out of the trans-dimensional device. Its skin was still too plentiful for its growing body and whatever Yin grabbed the puppy just seemed to slip right through Yin’s hands.
‘For crying out loud, give me that.’ Yang’s patience finally wearing thin, he grabbed the puppy from behind the neck the way its mother would and lifted it free of the machine. He plopped it down on the work bench and stormed off. Happy the experiment had been a success, but not so enthusiastic about the dog’s presence.
‘What should we do with it?’ Yin called after him.
‘Just keep it away from me,’ Yang’s disgruntled reply echoed back. Yin looked at the puppy, who was chewing on the cables running into the back of some expensive looking test equipment.
‘Ai yai yai!’ she cried as she pulled the puppy away. Inspecting the wires she also found fresh dog pee. Yin rolled her eyes in disgust. Maybe this wasn’t such a great idea after all she thought as she set off to find a bucket and mop.


***


Grace looked at her outfit in the mirror. 
‘What am I thinking?’ she groaned and for the fourth time returned to her closet to look for something to wear.
‘Grace, telephone,’ came her mum’s voice from outside her bedroom. Grace opened the door and took the phone
‘Thanks.’ Closing the door she answered the phone. It was Naomi, a school friend who was also going to the dance tonight.
‘I know,’ said Grace. ‘I know, neither do I. It’s like everything I try on is just so…yeah. So what are you going to wear...Really? I’m going with Grant so I guess I’ll see you--’ 
Naomi cut her off.
‘Ok I guess we can swing by on the way there and pick you up. See you about seven then?’ Grace hung up the phone and went back to her wardrobe.
Grant arrived right on six thirty. Grace tried in vain to answer the door and sneak off without her parents seeing but her dad was not to be denied. He had been waiting in the kitchen, deliberately stalling, so that he could answer the door when Grant called.
‘So you are the young man taking my daughter to the dance then?’
‘Yes sir.’ Grant tried to look Mr. Kelly in the eye but he couldn’t hold the stare and dropped his eyes to look at his shoes. He rubbed them against the back of his calves to clean an imaginary smudge.
‘You got any weed on you son?’ Mr. Kelly asked. Grant looked up both surprised and worried.
‘No sir,’ he replied uneasily.
‘What about alcohol? You must have some beer in your car right?’ 
‘Sir, my mum’s in the car, she’s driving us to the dance.’ Grant felt embarrassed enough, but Mr. Kelly was killing him. His face flushed red, his ears burned and his palms were sweating a river. He wiped them on the legs of his pants. Grant was seriously starting to wonder if all dates would be as bad as this. Was this whole dating thing worthwhile? And then Grace finally came to the porch and pushed past her dad.
‘Oh daddy,’ she said as if admonishing a child ‘don’t wait up.’ But regretting it the minute the words left her lips.
‘I most certainly will be waiting up young lady, and if you’re not safely tucked away in bed by nine thirty tonight I will be coming looking for you.’ Now it was Grace’s turn to blush. Her dad was about to say something else when Joyce come up behind him.
‘You kids have fun! And be home by ten thirty please.’ She reached past her husband and pulled the door closed. George had a dry grin on his face. 
‘Do you think I was too hard on the boy?’ he chuckled.
Grace paused as Grant opened the door for her. How sweet he is she thought. Sweet and yummy.
‘Mrs. Minke, can we pick up Naomi on the way? She doesn’t have a date to escort her to the dance.’
‘Sure can honey,’ said Mrs. Minke as she dug some nicotine gum out of her pocket.
It took less than five minutes to get to Naomi’s house. Grace ran inside to get her. She still hadn’t decided on what to wear and Grace had to help her pick something out. Naomi was Asian so her tastes were very different to Grace’s. But she had some lovely clothes that her grandmother had brought out from Japan.
Grace and Naomi descended the stairs from Naomi’s bedroom and popped into the lounge to say goodbye to her parents. Grace followed Naomi in. Naomi’s dad Mr. Ishibashi was asleep in his chair and his wife was watching the television. As Grace moved past Naomi she gave a loud yelp. There was a large black figure hovering over Mrs. Ishibashi. Just like with Grace’s father this thing was sucking energy out of her head. 
‘Okasan, ittekimasu!’ called Naomi. Naomi’s mother didn’t seem to hear. The creature moved and seemed to smother her face with its dark vapour-like body. Grace looked at Naomi.
‘Do you see that?’ she asked
‘Nani?’ replied Naomi. She liked to speak Japanese with Grace, who was studying it at school. Though, after three years Grace still couldn’t work the language out.
‘That thing by your mum,’ Grace replied, not wanting to freak her friend out, but hoping that someone else could see it and that she wasn’t going mental after all.
‘Oh that? That’s my dad’s Go board. He has been practicing with the Korean guy from down the road. They take that game way too seriously,’ Naomi reflected heading for the door. ‘We must not keep your date waiting any longer.’ And with that she disappeared out the door. Grace paused a minute to look back at Mrs. Ishibashi, a second creature had joined the first and they appeared to be fighting over her. Mrs. Ishibashi turned and looked up at Grace; the same vacant stare on her face that she had seen on her father the night before. 
‘Itterashai,’ she slurred. Grace turned and ran to catch Naomi up nearly colliding with their cat as it came running inside. 
‘Don’t let the cat in,’ cried Naomi as Grace shut the door. But it was too late, Miru had disappeared inside. Grace looked up at her friend but Naomi shook her head, they were already late. They piled into the back of Mrs. Minke’s shiny silver Mazda and sped off to the school.

Chapter Five


Yang hurried down the long palace hall. His claws could purchase little traction on the polished marble floors and he had to concentrate to stay upright. At the end of the hallway he turned right and dashed into the imperial secretary’s office.
‘Is he in?’ he panted through deep breaths. 
Miss Crablebottom, the imperial secretary, was a large cat, and carried out her duties to the Emperor with exceptional diligence. She was of the mind, that it was her duty in life to prevent anyone from seeing him. She reasoned that he was far too busy, and that citizens shouldn’t be able to just drop in, no matter whom they thought they were.
‘Do you have an appointment?’ she asked, pulling her horn rimmed glasses down over her nose to get a good look at Yang. Yang still had his white lab coat on which probably made him look like one of the building janitors. He tried to smile at her but it only made matters worse. 
‘He can’t be disturbed without an appointment I’m afraid.’ She closed the diary with a loud thump.
Yang thought for a minute. He had dealt with Miss Crablebottom’s type before and realised there was no point in arguing with her, in fact she would probably just enjoy that.
‘May I use your phone?’ he asked finally. 
‘There is a phone over there,’ the old cat replied curtly. Yang looked around and plodded over to the public phone by the wall. He picked up the receiver and dialled.
Miss Crablebottom picked up the phone now ringing loudly beside her.
‘Emperor’s office, Miss. Crablebottom speaking, may he reign a thousand years.’
‘May he reign for a thousand more,’ came the reply, followed by: ‘I would like to make an appointment to see the Emperor this afternoon, if at all possible.’ Then hastily added: ‘Please.’
‘One moment.’ A pause followed while Miss. Crablebottom ruffled through the pages of her large appointment diary. ‘Yes, I have an opening today at one thirty. Does that suit?’ Yang marvelled at the change in attitude, he looked at his watch, it was one twenty nine. 
‘That will be splendid,’ he said. He gave his name and hung up.
The Emperor listened carefully to what Yang was saying. Although he was fascinated by science, much of what the scientist was explaining was beyond his understanding. 
‘So in essence, Dr. Yang, you are saying that your machine is ready?’ the Emperor asked, leaning forward in his chair expectantly.
Yang licked his lower lip. 
‘Yes sir,’ he said.
‘Then I see no reason why we can’t begin immediately. Liaise with General Talus and make the necessary arrangements. I’d very much like to meet this human.’ The Emperor rose and Yang realized that the meeting had come to an end.
‘I do hope that nothing goes wrong Doctor.’ The words hung in the air like a thick cloud. It was such a change from the friendly half hour that they had just spent in conversation. Yang smiled weakly. 
‘Everything will be just fine,’ he assured the Emperor. However, Yang felt far from assured as he hurried back to his lab to give his assistant the news. There was still much to prepare.


***


General Talus was a large cat, and crammed into a small chair behind Jasper’s desk he looked even larger. Jasper was standing at his side beaming from ear to ear as only a cat could. There was a rap at the door.
‘Enter,’ growled the General. The lean shiny black body of Boot entered the room. Although Boot wasn’t shaking on the outside, his insides were pitching like a rollicking pirate ship. His mind raced. What could I have possibly done to upset the general he thought?
‘Sergeant Boot reporting as ordered sir,’ snapped Boot as he straightened to attention.
‘Boot? What kind of name is that son?’ The general began with a voice that shook the tiny office. A picture of the Emperor hung over the wall behind the chair began to rattle. The general looked at Jasper, but he could only smile.
‘Sir, it’s my human name Sir!’ Boot wondered if this was the trouble he was in but would it warrant a general’s time?
‘Why in all the worlds would you want to be called after a piece of clothing?’
‘Sir, I just like it sir,’ Boot looked a little confused.
‘Sergeant why are you in this army?’ the General drilled.
‘Sir, to fight the Drawl and protect the ignorant sir,’ replied Boot automatically.
‘At ease Sergeant,’ the General finally relented. ‘You have been selected to perform a valuable service to your country. As a soldier in the Emperor’s army and an elite scout I am confident of your ability to perform this operation. The details are classified and are on a “need to know” basis. What you need to know is that it involves your host family and the human, Grace. You are to report to Dr Yang at Science HQ and he will explain your mission. It is imperative that this mission succeeds. There are to be no screw ups. Are we clear?’ barked the General.
‘Sir! Crystal sir,’ Boot’s crisp reply carried his confidence well. 
‘Dismissed and good luck,’ the General smiled as Boot wheeled about face and marched himself out of the room.


***


Boot removed his hat as he was led into the lab where Yang was hunched over a bench in deep thought and buried in electronic equipment. Large toroidal amplifiers, scintillating screens and endless rolls of cabling threatened to crush the table beneath their weight. Yang hadn’t noticed Boot’s entrance so Yin walked over and put her paw on his shoulder. 
‘The soldier is here,’ her voice was practical yet sweet. Yang swivelled around on his chair to speak to Boot.
‘Ah! Well ok then. So you are the soldier looking after our subject?’ Yin shot her boss a dirty look. 
‘He means Grace. She is a human, not a subject. Kindly remember that!’
Yang shot Boot a look that only two males could share, raised eyebrows and a cheeky smile that disappeared when he noticed Yin glaring vitriolically at him.
‘So soldier, what do we call you?’ quizzed Yang shrinking from Yin’s stare and wanting to move on.
‘Sir, you may address me as Sergeant Boot, or Mr. Boot, whichever you prefer,’ answered Boot, as he studied the scientist’s appearance. Yang was still young looking but his intelligence was obvious, he just seemed to glow intellect. Boot didn’t have a lot to do with civvies, having served in the army for most of his life so this was the first time he had actually had to work with them.
‘Well then, Mr. Boot,’ Yang began, ‘how much have they told you about why you are here?’
‘Sir, I am to report to you and offer assistance as it is required.’
‘So no one has actually explained what we are intending to do?’ Boot looked blank and Yang took that to mean no. 
‘Without going into too many technical details Mr. Boot, what we are planning to do here is to bring your human charge,’ Yang shot a nervous glance at his assistant. ‘Grace, into the fourth dimension. Then we can make contact with her kind and organize their help in the fight against the Drawl.’
Boot looked unimpressed; years of training had conditioned him to think only when necessary. Since he had little say in how this operation was to be executed he didn’t need to think too hard about it.
Yang continued: ‘You see what we have here is essentially a means of bringing a lodim from their dimension into ours. It’s really quite brilliant. You might recall the work done by Ed Whiskers a few years ago in M-theory?’ Boot simply stared blankly at the scientist. ‘No? Well, he postulated a theory about how one might actually move a third dimensional being into the fourth dimension. You see, the first three dimensions are quite large and chunky, but the remaining seven dimensions are--’
‘There are ten dimensions?’ interrupted Boot, showing the first sign of surprise since he got there.
‘Yes, yes, it was originally hypothesized that there were over twenty, but professor Whiskers was the genius who realized that they were all simply different per…per…,’ Yang struggled to find the right word.
‘Perspectives?’ volunteered Yin, who had been silent until now.
‘Ay?’ replied Yang looking up slowly.
‘The word you are looking for, perspective?’
‘Oh good heavens no. Per… per… perception!’ Yang continued. ‘He realized that they were all different perceptions of the same fundamental ten dimensions. The dimensions above the first three are all tied up in a knotty little ball.’
‘You are saying we are all tied up in a little ball? Why aren’t we crushed?’ asked Boot, looking with growing alarm at the apple pulp drying on the walls and the collection of weird objects that looked like they had been pulled inside out. Boot eyed a cup with the handle on the inside, a hairbrush with the bristles in the handle, but most disturbing was a child’s doll that was perfectly inside out.
‘The real brilliance was Yang’s theory,’ Yin began, as she interrupted Boot. ‘He theorized you could tease out one of the strings that made up these dimensions making a loop. You could then surround the third dimensional object within this loop and then pull the loop closed, thereby enveloping the subject in a higher dimension.’ Yin beamed at Yang who beamed right back obviously chuffed with himself. 
Boot fought back a yawn. He had felt it growing inside, itching to get out, clawing its way up his throat and prising his mouth open. Although he tried to stifle it, it wasn’t to be denied, and in the end he relinquished a massive yawn that seemed to last forever.
‘Are we boring you Mr. Boot?’ Yang’s expression, not as friendly as before, drilled down into Boot. Years of military training instructors however, had left Boot desensitized to hard looks and intimidation.
‘Can you perhaps show me what you want me to do?’ suggested Boot.
‘We are coming to that Mr. Boot,’ snapped Yang impatiently ‘Yin go fetch the device.’
Yin returned with a small box clasped in her hands. She laid it down on the table and opened it. The three cats crowded around and Yang plucked out the item and held it up.
‘In order to be able to locate the subject in the third dimension we need some kind of anchor, a marker that the machines here can latch onto. It is your job Mr. Boot to attach this marker to the subject so that we can pull her through. Do you think you can handle that?’
Boot studied the object, it was a small pendant. Yin had excelled in making it more natural looking rather than some obvious piece of foreign technology. It was actually quite beautiful. It caught the light as it swivelled on its chain, and silver poured from its surface as if it was melting.
‘It won’t be a problem,’ assured Boot, as he returned the anchor to its box, and placed it into his pocket.


***


Grace lay in bed looking up at the window. Rain was lashing the glass trying to tear its way through and into the room. Grace snuggled down deeper into the blankets pulling them up around her chin. Thank goodness it’s Saturday she thought, I can lie here a little longer. 
But, after a few minutes, another thought surfaced. How can it be Saturday today if yesterday was Thursday? Grace pondered that for a moment then realized it was Friday, and she was now late. She leapt out of bed and quickly started to dress. 
In the hallway Boot was making very strange noises. He was purring and yowling, running up and down the hall, chasing his tail, skidding across the slate tiles as he crossed into the kitchen. Is he on catnip again? Grace wondered to herself. She walked past and Boot tried to hook her socks with his claws playfully. The cat continued his mad display all through breakfast and as Grace was walking back to her room she noticed Boot was chewing on something. 
‘Eww not another mouse,’ voiced Grace as she bent over to examine it, ‘because Jason can dispose of it if it is.’ Strange how boys seemed to enjoy dead creatures, almost as much as cats did Grace mused, but this wasn’t a mouse, or a bird, it looked metallic. She bent to retrieve it but Boot snatched it with a paw and flipped his body around getting his hind legs under it. Grace drew her hand back rapidly but a tiny red mark was already forming on her hand. 
‘Stupid cat!’ she scolded, ‘You can keep your silly toy if you like it that much.’ Grace went off to wash the scratch.


***


Grace came home from school a little earlier than usual; she had had another hallucination during final period and hyperventilated. The school nurse gave her the all clear and decided to let her leave since the school day was nearly over anyway. Arriving home to an empty house, because her parents were still at work, Grace made a snack of Marmite and cheese crackers with a glass of milk. Boot rubbed madly against her leg as she poured the liquid into her glass. Mum and dad were never keen on feeding milk to the cat. Dad said it was bad for him for some reason. But Boot loved milk and Grace had already forgotten about the scratch on her hand from this morning. Boot lapped happily from his bowl as Grace headed off to her room. As she trudged down the corridor she kicked something with her toe and it rolled under her bedroom door. Looking under her bed she saw the trinket and scooped it up. It appeared to be a shiny silver pendant. It was most unusual in that it was runny, like mercury, yet still held its shape, for the most part. There was also a little ring attached, as if it were meant to be worn on a chain. 
Grace opened the jewellery box on her bedside cabinet and fished about with her finger. She took out a little gold necklace, removed the bauble and attached the pendant to it. Looking in the mirror Grace clipped the chain around her neck. Boot pushed his way into her room and meowed. 
‘What do you think Boot? Quite pretty isn’t it?’ 
As Grace turned away from the mirror she noticed something shining in the middle of her room. Like a crack in a mirror with coloured lights illuminating it. The crack grew bigger, longer and seemed to shimmer a little. Fascinated, Grace stepped closer to investigate. The shimmering sliver of light now bent in towards her. 
Boot jumped onto Grace’s bed and watched with interest. He meowed again, and this time the light jumped, split open and tore a seam in the air, then forming a lasso around Grace pulled her forward into itself. Boot hopped down from the bed and left the room, stepping around Grace’s body on the floor as he did so.

Chapter Six


Grace didn’t get it. She was trying on jewellery in her room not two seconds ago, and now she was standing in a room full of junk. It looked like the science room at school but to Grace who wasn’t a science buff it was junk. She turned slowly and looked around her. Everything seemed smaller; tables, chairs even the ceiling appeared closer. Then Grace noticed she wasn’t alone. There was a pair of very green eyes staring at her.
‘Don’t worry about the disorientation that will clear in a moment,’ a female voice reassured Grace.
‘I’m ok,’ Grace whispered her throat a little dry and her head spinning. ‘Except I think I’m seeing things again. I’d swear you were a cat, dressed in clothes talking to me...’ Grace was used to her hallucinations by this stage and felt she was taking this one rather well.
‘Yes that’s right.’ replied the female voice matter-of-factly. ‘We all are. Welcome to our dimension Grace.’ Before Grace had time to reply the room was filled with shouting.
‘It worked! It worked! I can’t believe it! This is a world’s first! I’ll get the Velcher prize for this.’ Yang danced about the room slapping himself and Yin on the back. He rushed up to Grace and thrust his paw in her face. ‘I’m Doctor Yang, and this is my assistant Yin, and of course you have already met Mr. Boot.’
Boot stepped forward from the shadows. 
‘Hello Grace,’ he said in a sweet yet deep voice. Grace stared with her mouth open, her eyes swivelling from one cat to the other. Yin was wearing a lab coat and glasses. Doctor Yang wore a similar lab coat and Boot was dressed in what looked like combat fatigues. Grace’s mind started to swim but the heavy current of impossible thoughts pushed her back, what on earth…Or not earth? Grace didn’t know what to think. This is the weirdest hallucination of them all. Talking cats… Maybe I am on drugs she thought. Maybe someone is spiking my hot drinks and this was some kind of crazy high? Is this what drives junkies mad?
‘You must have a lot of questions?’ Boot calmly spoke as he took her hand and led her to a chair in the next room.
‘But I was in my room, and you were on the bed, and I was…trying on some jewellery, and now…How can I be here? Am I high…or dead?’
‘No Grace, you are not dead nor is this a dream,’ he consoled her.
‘So I’m hallucinating again? But, you can talk… Arrgh! It doesn’t make any sense. I want to go home now please. Wake me up!’ Grace drew her legs up onto the chair and wrapped her arms around them. Slowly she rocked herself backwards and forwards looking very fragile. Boot pulled up a seat beside her and sat down. 
‘I’m going to explain everything to you Grace. It’s going to sound incredible, and as no human has ever heard this before, I don’t expect you to understand it all now.’
Boot spoke quietly with Grace for an hour. He told her about the machine that brought her here. He spoke of his role in protecting her and her family and a little bit about the Drawl. He also tried in vain to explain how the fourth dimension worked.
‘So what you are saying is that I am in the fourth dimension?’ Grace asked, still not convinced.
‘Yes, as I explained, humans live in the third dimension. No human, as far as we know, has ever been in the fourth dimension, or seen any higher dimensional being. That is until you Grace.’
‘So how come you’re walking around on two legs and wearing clothes?’ questioned Grace as she looked at Boot’s uniform.
‘We always wear these clothes. It’s just that they are made from material found only in this dimension.’ 
Yang coughed and spoke: 
‘Not strictly true Mr. Boot.’ 
‘Does it really matter?’ Boot snapped back. Yang rubbed the fur behind his head and looked as though he was about to say something when Yin threw him one of her looks. Yang closed his mouth and Boot continued. 
‘You see some things only exist in higher dimensions. Some have a footprint in both dimensions, and some only exist in lower dimensions.
‘Let me give you an example,’ offered Yin, seeing the confusion on Grace’s face.
‘Imagine you lived in a two dimensional world instead of a three dimensional one. Everything you see is flat, like a sheet of paper. There is no thickness. Can you picture that?’ asked Yin. 
‘Yes, I think so.’ Grace made a funny face as she tried to imagine it.
‘Good, now consider for a moment, what would happen if a football was kicked into this two dimensional world, and rolled towards you. What would you see?’ Grace looked blank.
‘I dunno what colour is it?’ said Grace thinking about how she hated phys-ed class at school, and how she always felt awkward running around after balls.
‘The colour is unimportant!’ interjected Yang. Yin shot him a quieting look and he went back to studying his instruments.
‘What you would see Grace, is a point, growing into a circle, getting larger and larger as it came towards you, then as it passed you, you would see just a line, then as it moved away from you, it would shrink back down to a point.’ Yin studied the look on Grace’s face. ‘Do you follow me?’ she asked.
Grace was nodding her head yes, but it was incongruent with the look on her face. 
‘So what about these things I see? What did Boot call them, the Dall?’
‘The Drawl,’ Boot corrected.
‘The Drawl are from another dimension higher up Grace, we think the eighth or perhaps the ninth. What you see is a dimensional impression of them. We are quite impressed with what you can do. There are no records of any other human ever having seen one.’
‘So why can’t you talk when you are at home?’ Grace asked Boot, still not grasping it all.
‘Because our speech is like our clothing, it’s a purely fourth dimensional thing. Our vocal cords cause resonations in matter that only occurs in this dimension. When lodims talk air particles vibrate, when we talk something different vibrates.’
‘lodims?’ asked Grace, her face wrinkled in confusion again.
‘Sorry, lower dimensional beings - low dims,’ Boot explained.
‘And what about me? How can I be here?’ Grace asked turning to Yin.
‘In your dimension, to someone who saw you now you would appear to be sleeping. Your body would be exactly as you left it. Only a special part of you has made the trip to this dimension. Since humans aren’t native to our dimension they don’t have a 4D footprint. You, however, are special, since you can see creatures in other dimensions, a small part of you must be linked to them as well. So we latched onto that, together with the anchor we gave you.’
‘What do you mean?’ quizzed Grace thinking of a great ship’s metal anchor.
‘The pendant Boot gave you, the one you are now wearing around your neck,’ replied Yin. Grace was fingering it as she spoke and hadn’t realized. Now that she thought about it, the metal was different, not so runny, it was more solid. 
‘It’s what we used so the machine could find you.’
‘Wait a minute, can I go back?’ interrupted Grace, her voice rising in panic.
‘Of course, in a manner of speaking, you haven’t left,’ Yin reassured her.
‘In fact I think it would be dangerous for you to stay too long, nature permits unnatural things to occur, but only in short doses.’ Yang explained, having been silent for most of the conversation. ‘Decoherence, it’s a problem we witnessed with our early experiments. Things we brought through started to breakdown.’
‘De-co-here-nce?’ mouthed Grace looking more than a little worried.
‘Don’t be concerned Grace.’ soothed Yin. We have developed a way to stabilize you.’ As she spoke the floppy eared beagle came bounding into the room. 
‘What’s that doing here?’ Boot hissed and leapt to his feet.
‘Relax, we brought it through to test the machine. It’s only a puppy. It’s harmless,’ Yin reassured Boot. 
Grace had already bent over and was snapping her fingers to attract the beagle’s attention.
‘Isn’t he cute?’ she cooed. The puppy gave a cheerful bark and ran towards Grace, tripping over its floppy ears and somersaulting more than once before sliding to a stop on its rump at Grace’s feet. ‘What’s your name?’
‘Actually, we don’t have one yet,’ replied Yin as she scratched the beagle behind its neck.
‘How about Lucius?’ suggested Grace, ‘We can call him Lou for short.’
Lou was nipping at Yin as she tried to pat him on the head. He was squirming so much Grace could barely hold him.
‘Lou it is,’ Yin agreed. ‘We give Lou these to eat.’ Yin held out some orange coloured tablets. ‘They prevent the decoherence.’ Grace took one, and before Yin could stop her, quickly popped it in her mouth.
‘They taste like dog food,’ she cried spitting it back out.
‘That was my idea,’ said Yang, ‘the only way we could get Lou to eat them.’
‘But puppies like ice cream too. Can’t you make them taste like ice cream?’ suggested Grace.
‘I’m sure you can, can’t you Dr. Yang?’ said Yin smiling at her mentor.
As Grace looked around the room something caught her attention that she hadn’t noticed before. Boot was wearing a sword, two in fact. This proved to be vital because in the next few seconds Boot would draw them both.
As Grace was about to ask her next question, the lab doors burst open and five figures dressed in black entered the room and spread out. Two had swords and the others had katas, weapons with a sharp blade at right angles to the handle. They were extremely effective against the sword. The figures spread out across the room and advanced upon the small group.
‘We want the girl, nobody needs to get hurt,’ rasped the middle figure, his voice disguised. 
Boot hissed and moved forward, one sword raised above his head the other stretched out in front. Then it started. All five figures rushed at Boot. He fended the first strike from the middle assailant, and cut a nasty slice into the arm of the next. The kidnappers slowly worked their way around Boot, attempting to surround him. He stepped forward, watching his enemy. An excellent soldier, Boot was a superb swordfighter. He instructed at the academy, and few could match him. The odds, however, were stacked in the enemy’s favour as he was outnumbered five to one. 
Boot lunged at the closest cat, but suddenly spun around and struck back, his sword slicing into the belly of the cat behind who had foolishly rushed forwards to attack Boot from the rear. Boot flicked his sword back to the ready position. Although he had managed to inflict serious wounds upon two of his assailants, they had managed to separate him from their prey. One of the masked cats now menaced Grace and the two scientists. He lunged for Grace and Yin struck at him with a large glass test tube. It smashed harmlessly over his armour. Turning he struck Yin in the face with the butt of his weapon. Yang rushed forward to protect Yin but was he was thrown to the ground by the masked intruder. Then he grabbed a screaming Grace, bundled her onto his back and turned to run.
Boot was making good progress with the remaining fighters. He had inflicted multiple cuts to their bodies, and one had fallen back, too wounded to continue. As he heard Grace scream, Boot fought with savage ferocity trying to get to her. He cursed loudly as the assailant tightly gripping Grace slipped out of the building. The remaining figures followed, with Boot pursuing them frantically. 
Boot caught up with one wounded laggard and pinned him to the wall. At least if we have one of them we can find out where they are from he thought holding the tip of his sword to the cat’s throat. But without warning the wounded cat sprang forward onto Boot’s weapon. As he stepped back, the dead cat slipped to the floor. Resheathing his weapons, Boot removed the mask from the dead cat’s face. It wasn’t anyone he recognized. Boot continued after the rest of the kidnappers but they had vanished into the city. He went back to check on the scientists.


***


Joyce pulled her car into the garage. Traffic had been light because she had left work two hours earlier than usual. Immediately after Mrs. Ledbetter, the school nurse, had called to tell her that she had sent Grace home early. It was standard practice. She hadn’t given too many details out over the phone. She had simply reassured Joyce that Grace would be fine, and since Grace was able to walk home Joyce wasn’t too worried.
She dropped her car keys into the tray just inside the front door, and called out to her daughter. 
‘Grace? Grace honey are you all right?’ She walked through the kitchen, down the hallway, and up towards her daughter’s bedroom.
‘Oh!’ she cried as she saw her daughter lying on the floor.
‘Grace! Grace!’ she called as she bent down to check her daughter. Grace’s body was limp. Joyce fumbled for a small compact mirror on her daughter’s bedside table and held it below Grace’s nose. A tiny fog appeared on the glass.
‘Thank goodness you’re breathing,’ Joyce cried. She rolled Grace over onto her back and slapped her face lightly, trying to revive her. Grace didn’t stir. She lifted Grace up onto the bed and tucked her under the covers. A very heavy sleeper, was it possible Grace had fallen asleep on the floor? Joyce’s motherly instincts were playing off against each other. One not wanting to believe that any harm had come to her daughter, the other wanting to seek medical attention just in case. She sat with her daughter for ten minutes, watching her chest rise and fall rhythmically with her breathing, brushing some hair away from Grace’s face with her hand.
Grace looked peaceful and calm just as she always did, with a relaxed look on her face. Not like her mother who scowled and slept very lightly, the slightest sound enough to awaken her in a foul mood. Grace had inherited her father’s sleeping habits, full, deep and peaceful. Joyce decided to wait and watch. Her daughter had been under a bit of stress lately, with exams and dating and her weird hallucinations. Maybe a good solid rest would do her the world of good. She eventually slipped out of the room and left Grace to sleep.


***


Grace was bundled along on her captor’s back for about ten minutes, after which she was dumped on the floor in a room with no light. She heard the door creak closed and the sound of a key grinding inside an old lock. Grace’s mind was spinning. What on earth had just happened? One moment I’m home from school, and then I’m dragged into the fourth dimension by our pet cat, and then kidnapped by a bunch of ninjas. What the heck is going on?
Grace strained to listen as she heard footsteps, then a key grinding a lock open and gradually the groaning of latches badly in need of oil. Light shot into the room and silhouetted the figure in the doorway. 
‘Grace?’ the voice was firm, but kind.
Grace stood and moved towards the door. The figure stepped forward and supported her, shaken as she was, from her ordeal. 
‘Grace I’m Thaal, chief religious advisor to the Emperor, and a senior member of the cat Pope’s staff. I’m terribly sorry about the roughness of your rescue, but time was of the essence and we couldn’t take any chances of losing you. Are you ok? Did they hurt you?’ Thaal questioned as he looked Grace up and down.
‘I’m fine, just a little shaken. Who were those people? Grace asked.
‘They certainly weren’t people Grace. They were cats.’ Grace winced, a slip of the tongue, but Thaal hadn’t finished. ‘They work for the order performing holy work as and where it’s required. They would happily lay down their lives to serve the faith.’
The way Boot was fighting I’m sure a few of them did thought Grace to herself.
‘So why did I need rescuing?’ she asked as curiosity started to replace fear and confusion in her mind.
‘My dear Grace, you are so important to us, to all of us,’ Thaal advised in a sickly sweet voice as he led Grace through the dark catacombs beneath the city above.
‘It is our duty to see that no harm comes to you. We believe that you are special, and that you have a vital role to play in the affairs of both man and cat.’ He paused and took hold of Grace’s hand. ‘Dear child, they planned such horrible things for you. They wanted to experiment on you, cut you open to see what makes you special. Find out how you can see the Drawl, by any means necessary.’
‘But, they seemed so nice,’ stammered Grace unwilling to believe that Boot and Yin were a menace.
‘Did you see the remains of previous experiments around the room?’ questioned Thaal.
‘There was gloop all over the walls…,’ replied Grace unsure of what Thaal was implying.
‘The remains of the last person they tried to bring through.’ Thaal watched as Grace’s pupils widened at the thought of being pulped by Yang’s machine.
‘Now do you believe me? They are scientists, it is what they do. They experiment on things. They don’t care about life and morality. They simply want answers. And…if they have to cut you in half to get them they will,’ breathed Thaal. His eyes fixed firmly on Grace’s, bored down inside her.
Grace was silent. The events of the last two hours were too much and she just didn’t know what to think anymore. They continued to trudge along under the catacombs when Grace decided to ask: 
‘Where are we going?’
‘There is someone who wants to meet you, someone very special.’ answered Thaal picking up the pace a little.
‘Who?’ continued Grace more than a little curious and now very surprised about just how fast this cat could walk.
‘His Holiness the Pope,’ replied Thaal in a most reverent tone as he hurried along the path.


***


Imperial guards and other military personnel arrived at the lab within minutes of the alarm being raised. The body of the dead cat was examined, but no leads were forthcoming. Boot was deep in conversation with General Talus, and Yang was speaking with his assistant.
‘The real problem is that if Grace doesn’t take this pill, she will lose coherency and start to fade away. If that happens she may never regain consciousness in her own dimension. She could be lost in the void forever,’ warned Yang with a very miserable look on his face. He was tugging his bottom lip which generally meant he was deep in thought.
‘There were only a few cats who knew about this. We don’t have to search far. The two scientists were here when it happened. Do you suspect them?’ the General asked Boot. Boot shook his head: 
‘No they were pretty shook up and surprised by the whole thing.’
‘That just leaves Thaal and Jasper. Better bring Jasper in for questioning.’ The General moved off and Boot spoke to some of his squad. Two cats set off to find Jasper.
Boot returned to examine the body. It had been stripped of its dark clothes and lay naked on a gurney. Boot lifted the arms to inspect the claws and pads. As he lifted the second arm he noticed something slight up by the armpit, a different shade than normal. He bent down to get a closer look and discovered a small tattoo on the inside of the arm; a tattoo of the faith. This soldier was a religious cat. Boot knew that many cats wore symbols of their faith. It could be nothing, but it was a lead, however slight. He beckoned the rest of his squad over.
‘Discretion is paramount! We can’t go barging into the religious quarter and stirring up trouble. You all remember what happened in eighty-six?’ Boot looked around as faces recalled the horror of the eighty six riots. It had taken years for trust to return between the military and the Pope’s private army. 
‘So a small team, in through the catacombs, civilian clothes, off the record and no weapons.’ The soldiers looked alarmed. They never went anywhere without a sword. It just wasn’t done. From the day you joined the military you never let your sword leave your side. Some cats even bathed with them. 
‘Of course I’m only asking for volunteers and don’t expect anyone to jeopardize his career or life on this mission.’ The response was as expected, unanimous and so it was that within the hour four soldiers slipped into the catacombs dressed uncomfortably in civvies and without weapons.


***


The Cat Pope was asleep at his desk when he was awakened and made aware of Thaal’s arrival. He rose and trudged over to his chair by the little table, beckoning Grace and Thaal to join him. 
‘I will take some tea with our guests,’ he instructed a servant who had appeared behind the visitors. With the Pope pouring fresh cups of hot steaming tea they were left alone. 
‘Hello,’ said Grace, she wasn’t religious and didn’t know what protocol was expected when meeting with a religious leader so she simply smiled.
‘So this is the young human from the prophecy?’ asked the Pope.
‘The prophecy?’ said Grace, ‘What prophecy?’ She studied the cat in the chair before her. He wore a simple robe, probably an under garment for some more ornate overcoat thought Grace, who was quite the student of fashion. She looked around the room. A large red and purple cloak with gold trim hung from the coat-stand in the corner. Red and purple, Grace rolled her eyes. Bad taste is truly trans-dimensional she thought.
‘Ah so you haven’t spoken to her of it then Thaal? Good, good. Let me explain things to you child.’ The Pope adopted a fatherly tone and shuffled forward in his chair a little.
‘You see it is written in the ancient texts that one will come. One who can see beyond the barriers of her own mind, beyond the limits of her own reality. This one will find a way to weaken the enemy, and lead us all into a new age.’ It all sounded a bit rich for Grace. A bit silly even, I mean prophecies were for silly TV shows and badly written books. Why would I suddenly find myself in another dimension with talking cats and the subject of a prophecy? Gosh I hope they don’t drop to their knees and treat me like some kind of god. She flushed a little at the thought.
‘Are you all right my dear? You look a little hot?’ queried the Pope looking at Grace’s red cheeks. This merely served to embarrass Grace further and make her cheeks redder.
‘No I’m quite all right your Holiness,’ replied Grace hoping she had got the cat’s title right. 
‘Well then we must prepare, we have much to do.’ The Pope looked at Thaal who nodded and rose.
‘Come Grace, there are preparations to make.’ Grace and Thaal left the Pope’s office and headed down the shiny marble corridors which had magnificent gilded artworks lining their walls. Grace saw epic battle scenes, glorious portraits and more pious paintings of a benevolent Pontiff amongst his people. Large carved statues of lions and other creatures filled the main halls. 
Thaal finally led Grace into a room where servants had already assembled. They had vestments and bathing oils. 
‘I will leave you here temporarily in the gracious care of these ladies,’ said Thaal smiling at Grace. He turned and left, closing the large wooden doors behind him.
‘I’m Tinus, and this is Amandus. We will wash you and dress you ready for the ceremony,’ said a smallish cat with a large smile and lovely turquoise coloured fur. Amandus was thinner and her long body gave her an elegant appearance.
‘Ceremony?’ asked Grace as Tinus led her towards a large stone bath filled with a milky coloured sweet smelling liquid.
‘Yes, you are the guest of honour,’ Amandus replied. Grace’s clothes were removed and she was led into the giant bath by the two cats. Tinus washed Grace with a large, soft, blue sponge while Amandus rubbed oils into her pale white flesh. The oils tingled and gave Grace’s body a subtle golden glow. It made her skin feel fresh and tight. She felt great, relaxed and happy. 
The fragrances from a suspended censer wafted about the room and filled Grace’s nostrils with its sweet smells. Her head grew heavy and she felt a little dizzy. Tinus and Amandus led Grace from the bath and dressed her in a large red kimono. It was decorated in gold koi carp that appeared to swim about the garment right in front of Grace’s eyes. She suddenly felt very tired. So much had happened since she first came to this dimension and as she was led into a large bedroom, she didn’t resist as she was lifted onto a very large comfortable looking bed. Grace was asleep before Tinus and Amandus had left the room, she didn’t hear the door lock behind them.

Chapter Seven


Beneath the temple, deep below where the cats lived, down past the sewers and storm water pipes, in the most ancient of the catacombs, are ruins. Crude and dark pathways long since abandoned and forgotten by the inhabitants of the city above. In one such dark place a small light burned inside a tiny room. Assembled around a table inside this room were three figures, all dressed in dark, rotting robes, their faces covered. The three were already seated when Thaal arrived. He hesitated slightly before entering the room. From here on there will be no turning back. The air was dense and moist but the smell of the room caught him by surprise, the foul odour of death, decay and despair. It reeked and Thaal had to stifle the urge to retch. He covered his mouth with a handkerchief.
‘You take a great risk by coming here. What news have you that warrants a special meeting?’ asked the one sitting in the middle. Thaal drew in a deep breath and began: 
‘It is time. There is much to be done and I need to know that you will be ready, and that certain…,’ Thaal searched for the right words. ‘Actions have been approved.’ He finished, looking at the assemblage expectantly. One by one the hidden faces nodded their agreement.
‘Then I will leave at once, everything is in place.’ Thaal paused as he turned towards the door. ‘Soon you won’t have to hide away down here, and we can meet in the open.’ He disappeared into the darkness.


***


Thaal was let in to see the Emperor without delay. General Titus and the Emperor’s personal secretary were already discussing matters of State. 
‘Thaal at last, have you heard?’
‘Heard what General?’ Thaal asked with what he hoped was just the right amount of innocence in his expression.
‘The Girl from the third dimension, she has been kidnapped,’ replied Titus studying Thaal’s face carefully. Thaal, however, was a gifted liar and his face gave no hint of his recent activities.
‘The scientists succeeded in bringing her across?’ Thaal quizzed the General.
‘Yes but she was abducted soon after her arrival.’
‘Do you have any leads?’
‘A couple; we are chasing them up as we speak.’ Again the General’s eyes bored into Thaal and again Thaal shrugged his stare away.
‘Is there anything we can do?’ Thaal asked helpfully.
‘You could consent to a search of the holy city?’ the General pressed.
‘But of course, I will have the temple guards carry out a thorough search from top to bottom,’ replied Thaal with a dry grin on his face. Not quite what the General had in mind no doubt, but it would buy them all the time they needed for the events ahead.
The Emperor looked up from his conversation with his Secretary and spoke to Thaal.
‘Good show Thaal, very helpful indeed. We must find this girl, something about decoherence and being lost in the voids; all a very nasty business.’
‘Your Imperial Majesty, I am your humble servant. I will attend to it immediately!’ And with that he bowed low and shuffled out of the room.
‘I think he is lying,’ the General sneered
‘Be careful my friend, he is still a very powerful and cunning cat,’ the Emperor advised.


***


Boot led his team down through the catacombs; the once roughly hewn granite was worn smooth by years of sandaled feet treading the path. The small group moved silently, melting from one shadow to the next. They arrived at the end of the passageways very close to the temple. The squad huddled together to discuss their next move.
‘How are we going to get in?’ asked Scooter, Boot’s most loyal and trusted squad member. Like Boot he preferred his human name to his real name, which he had asked never to be called again.
‘I was hoping I would have a plan by the time I got here,’ replied Boot, feeling inadequate because he hated looking indecisive in front of his squad. 
‘I know one of the temple maids,’ suggested Vintus. He definitely didn’t like his human name, ‘Mr. Snuggles’ and threatened violence on anyone who used it. Vintus was a short haired Burmese cat, with yellow eyes and in no way resembled something you wanted to snuggle up to, but his eight-year-old human charge loved the name. She also liked dressing Mr. Snuggles in her doll’s clothes but that was just too shameful for Vintus to discuss amongst his squad members.
‘Excellent. If you can make contact with her we can find out if Grace has been seen in the city. Buso you go with him, report back here in half an hour,’ Boot ordered.
The two cats set off nonchalantly towards the temple, while Boot and Scooter retreated further into the shadows to work on an extraction plan if Grace was found. While they watched, they noticed the activity of the temple guards increased. It looked as though they were forming a search party.
‘What do you reckon?’ Scooter asked Boot. ‘Do you think the guys have been caught?’
Boot studied the guards, watching them closely. ‘No I don’t think so, but I think someone may have warned them about our presence.’
‘But how could they know? It’s off the record,’ Scooter protested.
‘I don’t know,’ replied Boot ‘but we can’t stay here. Let’s move. We will regroup here at the rendezvous time.’ The pair moved off further into the dark catacombs.
Buso and Vintus walked inside the palace without being confronted. They aroused no suspicion as the temple was a very busy place with worshippers and workers coming and going all day.
‘So how come you know this maid then ay?’ ribbed Buso with a smile so wide it threatened to meet up behind his ears.
‘Oh you know how it is, when you look this good,’ Vintus replied grinning to himself.
The friendly banter helped the two soldiers to blend in with the other workers entering and leaving the hallowed halls. There was a definite hubbub in the air however, as if the temple was getting ready for some celebration. Must be another offering to the gods thought Buso as he wound his way through endless corridors.
They arrived at the maids’ quarters and Vintus made Buso wait while he went to inquire after Amandus.
‘Hey sexy, what are you doing off duty?’ Amandus asked in a silky tone while she took Vintus’s arm inside her own and started to walk with him.
‘I couldn’t be away from you a moment longer so I went AWOL,’ replied Vintus tickling Amandus in the ribs. 
‘Stop it,’ she cried as she tried to wriggle free, but Vintus drew her closer, his mood changing, and a serious look lit across his face.
‘You know I think you’re pretty cool,’ he said, more awkwardly than he could control. He had also started to sweat a bit, which was unusual because the room was quite cool.
Amandus said nothing, merely placing a very sweet kiss on Vintus’s head. What’s that supposed to mean? Vintus wondered. He was never really sure where he stood with Amandus. She was quite aloof, almost distant sometimes. He knew that she was part of the order, part of the Pope’s entourage, and was raised within the walls of the holy city. But she was still female and entitled to take a mate.
‘So anything exciting happening in your little part of town?’ said Vintus, with a calculated amount of condescension to bait Amandus into revealing if anything interesting had happened in the temple.
‘Oh the usual, toilets to scrub, beds to make, prayers to pray, an offering to prepare for…,’ she replied tracing a digit between the claws of Vintus’s paw.
‘An offering? What another basket of yams for the Gods?’ prodded Vintus searching Amandus’s expression for any tells.
‘Not quite so dull lover, this time our guest of honour is very special. A human would you believe!’ Amandus felt quite pleased with herself, I bet he never expected that. One of the most exciting things to happen in the temple since the chief bishop had got his head stuck upside down in the rooftop chimney of the temple bakery. How or why was still a mystery to this day, as he had taken a vow of silence since entering the faith.
Vintus was stoked. But he also felt guilty about deceiving the girl he liked so much. He had the information the Sarge needed, now if he could only find out where Grace was being held.
‘A human in the fourth dimension? Yeah right,’ he spat, rolling his eyes and shaking his head. ‘No human has ever made it to this dimension. They are all too stupid, and besides, their heads would explode if they ever did get here.’ 
It was a common myth amongst the inhabitants that their dimension was larger than the third, and as a result the pressure in the fourth dimension was lower than that of the third. Therefore humans with their large heads filled with blood, would pop if they ever entered the cat’s dimension. Of course this was discounted by elegant theories devised by the great cat scientist Newtus, who went on to subtly instruct the humans. This led to their discovering gravity when Newtus dropped apples on their heads. It did take many humans, many apples and many years before one of them managed to get it, however.
Amandus looked about. Everyone was rushing around busy with duties in preparation for tonight’s celebrations. 
‘I shouldn’t, but I could sneak you in for a peek,’ she whispered to Vintus. This was fantastic news, but Vintus didn’t want to appear too keen. 
‘Yes, let’s go have a look at your imaginary human, shall we?’ he replied, pretending to indulge his friend. Inside his heart was thumping twice as hard against his chest. He checked his watch, he only had a few minutes before he was due to report back, and Buso must be wondering what had happened to him.
‘Unless there is someplace else you’d rather be?’ scolded Amandus in a harsh tone as she caught sight of Vintus checking his watch. 
‘No place I’d rather be, than whiling away my time with you beautiful.’ He replied soothingly. Darn woman has eyes like a hawk, he thought following her further into the temple.


***


Boot checked the time on the old clock face set into the building across from where he was hiding.
‘Time to go,’ he whispered as he nervously thumbed open and closed a container in his hand. It was a small bottle of bright orange pills. Scooter materialized from the shadows along the walls and together they made their way across to the rendezvous point.
‘She is here all right, in the temple,’ began Vintus, who had returned safely. ‘In a room about two floors up. We can get to her, but it’s going to be tricky.’
‘Can we rely on your contact?’ asked Boot wishing he had brought his swords.
‘Would rather not Sarge, if things go bad.…’
‘Understood pal. Ok, here is how we are going to do it.’ The team drew in close as Boot explained the plan.


***


It was 11pm and Joyce was brushing her teeth ready for bed. She ran a thin thread of floss between her teeth and then finished up with a rinse of mouth wash. As she headed towards her bedroom she stopped outside Grace’s door. Prying it open ever so gently she peeked in. Grace was still as she had left her, buried under a large duvet that was tucked neatly under her chin. Joyce watched for the fall and rise of the duvet in time with Grace’s breathing. She stood watching for almost five full minutes. 
‘Good night Gracie,’ she called softly before closing the door and going to bed.


***


Garvin was in a good mood as he walked briskly down the corridors of the great temple. As a senior member of the faith his position entitled him to learn many of its secrets and be party to some of the more clandestine activities. He pulled up outside a large wooden door guarded by two large armed cats. They recognized Garvin and he passed unchallenged into the room beyond. Two female servants were in attendance and Garvin approached them. 
‘Is everything prepared and in order?’ he questioned the taller of the two.
‘Yes Monsignor,’ replied Tinus, ‘everything is as described in the holy texts. She has been purified in the sacred waters and oiled with the holy oils.’
‘Excellent, then bring her,’ he ordered and headed back towards the door. The two maids roused Grace from the bed. She was still groggy and it took both cats to hold her steady as the four of them headed off down the corridors once more.
From within the chamber a small door moved ever so slightly, then after a few seconds, opened fully and out climbed Vintus, followed by Boot and the rest of the rescue team.
‘Well, where is she?’ whispered Boot looking around.
‘I don’t know. She was here not twenty minutes ago. Look the bed is still warm. We can’t have missed her by much,’ Vintus replied hopefully.
‘Darn, you should have taken her when you had the chance,’ Boot snapped, looking around the room. ‘Ok men it’s going to get messy from here on in.’
Boot nodded to Scooter and they crept over to the door. Scooter threw it open and stuck his head out.
‘I say lads, any chance of a hand in here?’ he said cheerfully to the two guards. Then he disappeared back into the room and closed the door. The guards stared at each other in bewilderment, turned, threw the door open and rushed into the room. Boot and Scooter brought their clenched fists down on the guards’ necks and they dropped like two sacks of spuds. 
‘Scooter, Buso, they look about your size, change into their uniforms.’ With Scooter and Buso now leading in the guards’ uniforms, they marched off down the corridors as fast as they dared.


***


The ceremonial room was not large, but still big enough to contain the thirty or so cats that had arrived for the night. They were all dressed in the same white robes. The only exceptions were Grace in her red kimono and the Pope in his purple robe. Grace was led into the room and sat down on a large, low table in the centre of the room. After the Pope was seated, everyone else sat. Thaal entered and took a seat at the table next to the papal table. He was dressed to suit his position with a small sword at his belt that symbolized his rank as head of the Papal army. He was the only one allowed to carry weapons apart from the temple guards.
‘Good cats of the faith!’ Garvin started. ‘We are assembled here tonight because it was written. The texts speak of her coming. They tell us that she will be our saviour, and lead us to peace with our enemies. Tonight we celebrate her arrival, tonight is all in her honour! Your holiness, learned colleagues and esteemed guests. May I introduce to you, Grace, from the third dimension.’
The crowd applauded rather sedately. There was more of an awe of wonder and respect than excitement. Tough crowd thought Garvin who enjoyed public speaking. He loved being the centre of attention, sharing it only if he had to.
He clapped his hands and the food was brought in, great silver trays covered in an array of colourful fruits, meats, and fowl. Large jugs of wine and freshly baked breads that, while still warm, filled the air with a yeasty smell. 
Grace tried to stand, but her head was spinning, she felt worse now than before her nap. Her vision was blurry and her hands were starting to shake. The faces of smiling cats whirled about her, the laughing; the smells of exotic foods overwhelming all her senses. Mercifully the ceremony was short and after the Pope had made a brief speech about the significance of Grace’s visit and how much work lay ahead in bringing the faith to the humans, everyone ate. Grace vaguely remembered shaking the Pope’s paw, though she thought maybe she was supposed to have kissed it instead. If one thing was certain about cats they could eat, there wasn’t a thing left within fifteen minutes. A few hopeful stragglers picked over the remains of an orange stuffed duck in vain.
Eventually, all that remained were Thaal and a few other serious looking cats. 
‘It is time Garvin, to complete the ritual,’ said Thaal in a deep baritone voice. ‘As it was written in the prophecy,’ he continued, stepping down to the table where Grace sat trembling.
The other cats assembled around Grace and Thaal reached inside his robes.
‘When cometh the one from the lower dimensions, whose sacrifice will lead us to peace,’ chanted Garvin and the other priests. 
These were the members of the innermost order, those closest to the real knowledge of the faith, the ones who disseminated the teachings and scriptures to the faithful. They were the ones who controlled what cats believed, directed their worship and prayers. These, who had omitted the word sacrifice from the public, were now assembled around Grace, who they had stretched out before them. Thaal raised a large spiral shaped dagger that he had withdrawn from inside his robes. 
‘To his care I commend thee,’ he prayed.
‘To his care we commend thee,’ the rest of the faithful chanted.
It was with a very large crash that Boot came flying into the room, Scooter to his right, the rest of his squad following immediately behind. Unarmed but deadly, Boot leapt onto Thaal with his talons extended. Fur flew and cats hissed at each other as the trained soldiers made short work of the old priests. Thaal was younger, however, and his wiry frame was strong. He was also armed, and in a violent rage.
‘How dare you!’ he spat. ‘How dare you defile the sacred temple and bring violence into this house of the Gods.’ The irony was lost on Thaal but Boot managed a smirk as he ducked between the thrusts of Thaal’s ceremonial sword.
‘Sergeant, the girl doesn’t look too good!’ shouted one of his men behind him. Boot remembered the pills in his pocket, tossed them to his men.
‘Give her one of these,’ he yelled ducking a very nasty swipe that, if it had connected, might well have taken Boot’s head clean off. 
‘You are a very nasty cat!’ hissed Boot, baring his long white fangs.
Thaal hissed back, his fangs more yellow with age, and his hackles erect as a sign of his fury. Thaal was working his way across the room. As he had no hope of finishing the sacrifice, his thoughts turned to escape. He drew his sword back to throw it, aiming for the now upright Grace. Boot turned and leapt as Thaal let fly and the sword sailed through the air tip over hilt tracing a deadly arc. Boot’s fingers almost closed around the handle, almost, but not quite. The weapon continued towards Grace. Boot wasn’t the only one to see it, however. Scooter, who had been crouching beside one of the fallen priests, leapt with all the power stored in his haunches. He took the sword in mid flight. His judgment was out, however, and the blade struck the flesh of his arm rather than landing safely in his claws. It stung worse than a javoir bee sting. Thaal seized his opportunity and disappeared through the Pope’s special door, locking it from the inside as the door slammed shut in Boot’s face. Boot and the rest of the soldiers regrouped around Grace, who was starting to show a healthier colour in her cheeks.
‘You’re going to be fine,’ consoled Amandus. ‘Boot said the pill you have swallowed is going to counteract the effects of the decoherence.’ Vintus stroked Amandus behind the ears.
It’s just as well we bumped into you again,’ he whispered smiling very sweetly.
‘You had better get yourselves and this young lady out of here quick smart Mister, before I call the palace guard. What a mess. Who is going to clean this up?’ Amandus replied in a scolding voice that made Vintus cower away.
Boot’s squad helped Scooter and Grace to the door. Boot looked back at the room that Amandus and Tinus had already started to tidy. 
‘What about the priests?’ he asked.
‘Oh I don’t think they will have anything to say, seeing as they were acting against our Pope’s blessing. I think they will be very quiet indeed. Now go!’
Boot and his team disappeared down the corridor and as they vanished the two maids set about cleaning up.


***


Thaal activated the mechanism that opened the Pope’s private entrance. He slipped through into the dark corridor and headed madly down the granite tiled floor. He ran fast and his heart was pounding so hard he feared it might tear its way out of his chest. After fifteen minutes Thaal stopped to listen. Silence. Nobody was following him. He looked about, straightening his robe and wiped the grime off his forehead. 
‘Curse that damn scout!’ he spat angrily into the night. ‘Now how is the prophecy to be fulfilled?’ It was going to take a lot more planning and cunning to get a second chance at the girl. Maybe next time he wouldn’t have the luxury of ceremony. After all, the prophecy didn’t mention anything about how the sacrifice should be made, merely that a sacrifice was required. Thaal smiled to himself. Yes, he could still accomplish this and save his brethren. He would make the offering of the human child and become the saviour of his people. His name would go down in the great book with the other holy vessels and live on forever. Who knows? I may even become a saint. 
‘Saint Thaal.’ He rolled the words around in his mouth, speaking them softly, reverently. ‘Yes, I do like the sound of that.’
He removed the dagger from within his robes and studied its golden handle, the pommel encrusted with two large red rubies and one magnificent green emerald. The hand guard was made of two entwined serpents wrapped in a rose vine. It was a magnificent piece of work, an original Nagamitsu, the greatest feline swordsmith to ever forge steel. He replaced it reverently back under his robes and continued once again on into the night.
Thaal stopped to look at a sewer trapdoor. He could take refuge in the bowels of the city but the others would be down there. He shuddered as he recalled the putrid smell. Besides, they would have heard of his failure by now. No! There are plenty of faithful who will hide me in the city he thought as he disappeared into the night.

Chapter Eight


Grace was feeling much better. The effects of the decoherence were wearing off and she could now stand unaided. Her vision had cleared and the headache had run off to hide at the back of her neck before eventually being chased off completely. She idly picked up a piece of wood that was lying beside Boot and pitched it into the distance watching Lou as he took off after it, tripping over his floppy ears when he ran too fast.
‘I didn’t get a chance to thank you,’ she said to Boot, suddenly aware that this was the same cat that crept through her house at night, sometimes if he was very lucky, even slept at the foot of Grace’s bed. She suddenly felt very bad about all the cold tinned fish that she had lazily spooned into Boot’s dish every night.
‘Ay?’ said Boot as he looked up from his work. He was busy banging on his sword with something that wouldn’t look astray in a big brass band. He would pour water down it, then hit it, listen and hit it again. It was most vexing to the uninitiated. 
‘Oh yes, that, um don’t mention it. It’s what I do. I protect humans and you’re one of mine.’
It was funny to hear it put like that. Grace had always thought of Boot as belonging to her family, not the other way around. Grace wrestled the stick away from Lou and pretended to throw it again. Poor Lou ran off madly in a great circle looking for it.
‘Well just so you know I appreciate it.’ She gave Boot a big hug, almost lifting him off the ground. It was rather awkward and Boot looked around to see if anyone had noticed. If it was at all possible for a cat to blush Boot would have been scarlet with embarrassment.
‘Why did those cats take me away and try and hurt me like that?’ asked Grace hating the sound of the question as it hung in the air. She didn’t really want to talk about it, but she needed some answers to let it rest within herself. Boot drew in a deep breath.
‘Well,’ he began, ‘that’s a long story. Without overloading you with too much detail, there are two leaders in our world. There is the Pope, who is the head of our religious faith. You met him already I believe?’ Grace shot Boot a nasty look, ‘Err yes, and the supreme ruler of our land is the Emperor. His power is ultimate and supersedes that of any other, including the Pope. However, there are some within the faith who disagree. They believe that the Gods are the ultimate authority and that, as their vessel here, the Cat Pope is nearer to the gods. Do you follow what I’m saying?’
Grace nodded her head.
‘Yes, yes,’ she said. ‘It all sounds just like the restoration in the fifteenth century. It was a bloody and terrible time in England’s history.’ Grace liked history, and unlike math and science, usually managed to stay focused throughout her classes to the point where she even enjoyed completing her homework assignments.
‘Quite,’ Boot nodded not knowing what he was agreeing with but since Grace appeared a little less gloomy all of a sudden he didn’t want to spoil the moment.
‘So you were abducted by religious extremists who had their own interpretation of a theological document that was written ages ago.’ It was a mouthful for Boot. 
‘The prophecy?’ interrupted Grace excitedly.
‘What do you know about that?’ inquired Boot looking surprised. With his little pink tongue just visible between his lips, his long ears upright and turned towards Grace he look too adorable for words and Grace just couldn’t resist another hug.
‘Hey steady on!’ Boot groaned, trying to untangle himself from Grace, but she was surprisingly nimble and he didn’t want to scratch her with his claws.
‘Sorry, I just couldn’t resist!’ cooed Grace as she rubbed Boot behind the ear. ‘I heard them mention the prophecy when I was in the temple,’ she continued.
‘Well I don’t have all the facts. It’s a very close secret known by a select few, but what has leaked out over the years is that someone from the third dimension would one day come into ours, and help us in our fight against the Drawl. But from what I have heard, the two sides, the Imperial scholars and the religious theologists can’t agree on the exact interpretation of the prophecy. They continually bicker over the meaning of words and metaphors.’
‘Where did it come from?’ asked Grace poking at the hard ground with a stick and writing her name.
‘It was written by a cat many years ago. There was a bit of a hoo-ha a few years back when they thought they had made contact with a human but obviously they didn’t have the technology then to do anything about it.’ Boot looked distant for a moment.
‘You know we still have a little time left before you meet the Emperor, would you like me to show you around the city?’
‘Can Lou come too?’ Grace asked enticing the small dog over with the stick he was still searching for.
‘Well if he has to, I suppose. Cats don’t really hang out with dogs.’
‘Hey why can’t dogs talk?’ interrupted Grace suddenly; as it occurred to her that Lou hadn’t spoken to her.
‘Dogs?’ said Boot shaking his head, ‘We don’t expect much of dogs. They are a little…slow,’ replied Boot thoughtfully as he packed his tools away and put his sword back into its tsuba before reattaching it to his waist.
The trio set off on foot. Grace noticed there were no cars here. She saw the odd push cart moving large packages around, but no sign of mechanized transport. Boot led them to a large open park on the outskirts of the city.
‘Holy cow!’ exclaimed Grace pointing to the sky, ‘What on earth is that?’
Boot looked up and smiled.
‘Ah yes, the Fughes, quite impressive aren’t they?’ he laughed.
‘Is it…dangerous?’ asked Grace not quite sure what to make if it. The thing was huge. A giant blue jelly fish was the only way to describe it, suspended in the air. There were probably half a dozen that Grace could see. Some were larger than others, and all were just hanging, their tendrils gently waving in the wind.
‘No they are harmless,’ replied Boot looking up. ‘They never used to be this big, they started growing about fifty years back. They say they eat stuff in the air, and that whatever that stuff is there has been more of it recently. Carbon monoxyside or something, you will have to ask Dr. Yang if you want a better answer.’
Fifty years? What will they look like in another fifty years? As she pondered it she heard a loud pop just in front of them. Grace looked over and there was a bright yellow fish floating in the breeze. It looked like a puffer fish. Grace had once seen a plastic model of one in a restaurant that Naomi’s parents had taken her to. Almost as suddenly as it had appeared it disappeared again, this time with a sound not unlike something large being sucked up a vacuum cleaner hose.
‘And what was that all about?’ Grace said giving Boot a serious look, then fell into laughter as the absolute strangeness of what had happened overwhelmed her.
‘That was a pop fish,’ said Boot, not getting the joke that had Grace wiping tears from her eyes. ‘They, it is believed, come from a higher dimension. They pop in, feed and pop out again. Though there is a group of people who claim that they are from our dimension, and pop back to breathe before heading back to wherever they go to eat. Like a whale surfacing for air I guess. Either way they just… pop,’ finished Boot confusing himself.
‘Are there any more surprises in this dimension?’ Grace asked raising an eyebrow as another little fish popped in and out again this time with three smaller ones in tow behind it.
‘No that’s all our little surprises. You have seen everything. Well except for the silent ones, but they never leave their valley so you are quite safe.’
‘Silent ones,’ that doesn’t sound too scary. Grace thought to herself as she skipped to catch up with Boot who had started walking with Lou off down the path. The dog tried chasing the golden fish but just when it seemed as if he would catch one it would disappear leaving Lou with a mouthful of air. Where does he get his energy from? Grace pondered as she tried to stifle a yawn growing inside her. She couldn’t resist any longer and it tickled its way out her throat rather loudly.
‘Are you still tired?’ asked Boot slowing his pace a little.
‘No it’s probably just lingering effects from before. When do I have to take my next pill?’
‘Not until tomorrow morning.’ 
Suddenly, Grace’s thoughts turned to her home.
‘So how do I get home?’ her face betrayed some of the concern she was starting to feel. ‘I mean I can go home right? I’m not stuck here forever….’ Boot didn’t really know how to answer all the questions Grace had. He could only tell her what he knew.
‘When I left, you were lying on the floor in your bedroom. You looked like you were asleep. I don’t see why you can’t return if we can come and go as we please,’ he reassured Grace.
‘I think I need to talk to Yin, or that other strange one she works with, Yang was it?’ said Grace turning to Boot. 
‘I think that’s a good idea, we might be able to see them tonight after you meet the Emperor.’
They continued walking through the park under the giant jellyfish and laughed as Lou almost caught a pop fish. In the distance the sun slowly slipped down beyond the grey hills and as it grew darker they headed back toward the main centre.


***


‘Grace breakfast!’ Joyce called from the kitchen. She didn’t often make breakfast for the kids as she was usually gone by about six thirty, but this morning she wanted to check on Grace and give her a good start to the day. She walked down the hallway to her daughter’s room. 
‘Come on Grace honey it’s time to get up. You have had quite enough sleep already.’ Even as she spoke the words she knew. A dark shroud of dread wrapped itself around her. She found her daughter still lying neatly tucked up in bed just as she had left her, still heavily asleep. Joyce sank to the floor beside the bed, sobbing. 
‘Come on Gracie, just wake up. For mummy honey, do it for mummy.’ But Grace didn’t stir. Grace’s father came in and put his hand on Joyce’s shoulder, looking down at his daughter’s sleeping face as he spoke: 
‘Let’s call the doctor.’
Joyce looked up, her eyes red with tears. She grabbed for her husband’s hand and squeezed it tightly. George looked at his wife, her mouth pressed closed and her lips white with the effort of holding back the sobs that wanted to break free. He gently lifted her to her feet and sat her on the bed. Fishing out the mobile phone he had in his jacket pocket, he dialled.
It took all of George’s tolerance to remain calm with the receptionist who wanted him to make an appointment and come in rather than speak with the doctor over the phone. After threatening to change surgeries, however, he managed to convince the woman that this was an emergency and was finally put through to Doctor Bennet. He explained Grace’s condition and history. The doctor advised urgent hospitalization and immediately arranged for an ambulance.


***


Grace had decided she needed a bath before meeting anyone else. She didn’t want to give a bad impression, so Boot took her to a lady friend’s house. Fredya was a warm-looking middle aged cat, much older than Boot. She took Grace inside and ushered Boot off the property while the girl washed and dressed. Boot stood sulking down by the gate, practicing his chopping and thrusting with his swords.
Grace’s kimono was put aside for cleaning and Fredya gave her a white dress to wear, it was pleated in the front with gold stitched into the edges. 
‘Very Greek-sheik, Helen of Troy move over,’ Grace snickered looking at herself in the long mirror.
‘This was my daughter’s. It looks lovely on you,’ said Fredya. In truth the dress was a little small, and Grace had to hold her breath in. It cut above the knee too, whereas it was probably full length on Fredya’s daughter.
‘Where is she? Can I meet her?’ Grace asked looking around for signs of someone else living in the house.
‘I’m sorry dear, but she was taken a few years ago,’ Fredya replied with a little sadness building in her voice.
‘What happened?’ asked Grace, ‘If you don’t mind me asking?’ Grace always asked the hard questions no one else would. Her parents thought she might grow up to be a journalist one day.
‘It was the Drawl, during one of their attacks. She was a teacher and those filthy beasts attacked the school. Boot tried to save her. He fought the creatures, protecting the little ones but there were too many. He saved the kittens but the Drawl took my daughter, Alisha. Boot hasn’t been the same since. He volunteered to join the scouts and swore he would never let those monsters take another living creature as long as he was alive to stop them.’
Grace looked out the window at Boot, practicing his sword play. His movements, so full of grace and precision, concealed the power that flowed behind them.


***


Thaal followed Boot and Grace as they walked through the city towards the palace. He had to be very cautious as the damn scout was extremely good at noticing what was going on around him. He was constantly changing directions back-tracking and watching over his shoulder. All this appeared to be lost on the girl though as she followed Boot not questioning where she was going. It would be very difficult to snatch her while he was around. Thaal cursed under his breath and withdrew back into the shadows. He knew every inch of the city, the dark recesses, the quirky paths, which roofs would support his weight, how to zigzag through parts to lose a pursuer. It was all second nature to him now. It had been part of the training drilled into his brain from an early age. A cruel sneer appeared on Thaal’s lips as an idea formed in his mind, a way to get past that nasty looking sword slung about Grace’s protector’s hips and snatch her from him.


***


Grace enjoyed the spectacle at the palace. There was plenty to see and do. It was more like an open air carnival to her than a party. There were dancers who roamed the corridors; jugglers, acrobats, fire breathers, even clowns. The food just kept coming all night. White coated servants returned again and again, streaming in and out of the main dining area with trays and trays of food. Massive tables had been set up in an outside courtyard. A live band played music which could barely be heard over the voices of happy cats chatting away. There was a small moment of formality when the Emperor arrived and was introduced to Grace. He was very impressed with her and asked the young girl to sit with him at his table. This meant another guest was shunted out and forced to sit at the corner of the table rather awkwardly.
‘So are you enjoying your visit to our dimension Grace?’ asked Gleetus, as he reached for a roasted rib arranged on a large silver platter before him.
‘Oh yes, very much so. It’s really neat,’ said Grace unable to think of a better word on the spur of the moment. She was nervous because she had never met royalty before. The most important person Grace had ever met was her dad’s boss, and that didn’t come anywhere near a real life emperor. Gleetus smiled and reached for another rib. Grace surveyed the table, she was starving, and there were so many yummy looking things in front of her. To her left was a small bowl of clear liquid, Grace smiled smugly. A finger bowl she thought, I’ve seen these on TV, usually some uncouth person commits a faux pas by trying to drink from it, much to everyone else’s amusement. Grace reached out her hands and holding her cuff back, dipped her fingers into the bowl. The pain took a little longer to register in her brain because her mind kept denying it. Why should it be this hot? Gleetus looked on horrified and then quickly withdrew Grace’s red digits from the steaming liquid.
‘You can’t drink consommé with your hands my young friend, here take my spoon.’ Grace’s face was a match for her burnt fingers, bright red. Fortunately, the rest of the meal passed without any further drama.

Chapter Nine


Grace sat alone on a stone bench outside the room where the party was in full swing. She wanted a little fresh air and even though she liked a rowdy party, those cats were just too excitable for her. Dancing and singing, swinging and feasting, it was just too full on.
The night air was cool and invigorating. Grace looked up at the stars. I wonder what’s happening at home, she thought. Dr. Yang had explained the time thing to her but she couldn’t really understand how to work out how many hours or even days had passed in her dimension. Mum is probably home from work now. I hope she isn’t too worried about me. As Grace pondered her parents’ reaction to her sleeping body lying on the bedroom floor a cat joined her on the balcony, an old grey cat. Grace looked up.
‘Good evening, nice and cool out here isn’t it?’ she said. There is something familiar about him, thought Grace. She had caught the old cat staring at her throughout dinner so Grace had smiled sweetly but had not paid him much more attention. He ambled over and sat on the bench next to her.
‘Hello Grace, my name is Shadow.’ His voice was warm and kind.
‘Hello Shadow,’ she replied shaking the old cat’s paw. ‘Do I know you?’
‘I know who you are, we have met before. You obviously don’t remember,’ the old cat spoke slowly as Grace looked hard at him, trying to remember.
‘No,’ she said, ‘I don’t think so, I’m sure I’d remember you if I had.’ The old cat scratched his whiskers and looked out into the night.
‘Let me remind you then,’ he began. ‘It was many years ago, about seven of your years. I was a younger cat then, a bit bigger and with a shiny coat. I was assigned to a young family to protect them, but their son wanted a dog for a pet, not a cat. They called me Shadow, but it still didn’t work out, the young boy wasn’t happy. Eventually the family replaced me with a puppy and the father took me to work. He was an orderly in a hospital and I was allowed to sit with the patients. They called it therapeutic. That’s where I found you. You were in a coma, there had been an accident. You had fallen through ice and drowned. They pulled you out and because of the extreme cold you survived. But you wouldn’t wake up. I was there with you, do you remember?’ The old cat paused to give Grace some time to think.
‘I don’t, I’m sorry. Sometimes I have dreams, but they are all a meaningless jumble. I don’t understand them.’ Grace thought about her dreams. She had had them since she was a kid, sometimes peaceful, sometimes violent and dark, so dark she would awaken with the sheets all twisted and soaking from sweat. She would run and sleep at the bottom of her parent’s bed.
‘What happened to me?’ she asked.
‘The first few weeks you spent in hospital were fine. Not much was happening, you were simply dreaming away. But soon the Drawl found you. You were easy pickings in your state. A Drawl would come in and feed on your energy, making it harder for you to recover. When I found you, you were very weak. I stayed with you as long as I could, but there were many patients and only one hospital cat. The nurses moved me around a lot, but I kept coming back to help you.’
It was like a switch being thrown in Grace’s head. Her mind filled with the memories of what had lain hidden for all these years. Since she couldn’t make sense of it, she had buried it, only it wouldn’t go away, and it haunted her subconscious in bad dreams or feelings of depression. Sometimes Grace would lay in bed, not wanting to get up, a fear of some impending doom weighing down upon her. But now the door was open and for the first time since her coma she remembered everything.


***


She remembered the cold biting water, the darkness closing in until there was nothing. There was nothing for a long time, and then slowly, it grew lighter. Grace found herself sitting in a garden. There were lots of colourful flowers surrounded by a little white picket fence. A lovely old house sat in the middle of the property. She sang and collected flowers, passing the days in the yard, happily.
One day while Grace was playing quietly outside it grew very black, as if a storm were approaching. As Grace watched, a deep darkness descended around the little cottage. Darkness so black it swallowed even sound. Grace trembled in fear hiding behind a large oak tree. 
A voice called to her from within the darkness, beckoning her out.
‘Come to us.’
Grace squeezed herself into a little ball, trying to become invisible. But the voice called again.
‘Come to us.’
She just lay trembling behind the large oak tree. The darkness wouldn’t leave, it wanted her, and she could feel it pulling on her. The gate rattled, and shook, gently at first then more violently.
‘Let us in.’
‘Go away!’ she screamed.
‘Let us in.’
Grace looked up. She could see the door to her house. It was so close. The gate rattled again, and Grace decided to make a run for it. She pulled herself to her feet. She felt so tired as she staggered towards the porch.
‘Let us in.’
This time the gate rattled so hard Grace thought it would explode into a thousand splinters. She could feel herself getting more tired. Her legs were leaden, she could barely move. She forced herself to take every step. But the porch never seemed to get any closer. The gate banged again and this time Grace heard the latch give.
‘Come to us.’
She tried to run, willed her legs to move, but nothing happened. They simply refused to obey. The porch never got any closer. Grace was so tired now, everything was going black.
‘You are ours now.’
Grace’s mind let go, and the darkness fell upon her.
When she awoke, the darkness was gone and she was alone again. She felt so tired, drained. 
Everyday now the darkness came, and each time after Grace awoke, she was more and more tired. Her body was wasting away. She had large black circles under her eyes and was now very thin. She didn’t play with the flowers anymore. She just sat on the swing under the oak and rocked herself back and forth.
One day Grace was lying on the ground under the oak, curled up in a little ball snivelling. She felt like she had a bad cold, her head was sore and her body ached. She heard the little gate at the end of her garden creak. A whistle cut a tune through the air, Grace rolled over slowly. There was something coming though her gate and it wasn’t the darkness. Grace rubbed the sleep from her eyes, it was a cat, walking and whistling through her garden.
‘Hello! My name is Shadow,’ said the cat cheerfully as he threaded his way through Grace’s wildflowers to the oak. ‘What’s yours?’
‘Are you a cat?’ asked Grace, sitting up slowly.
‘Yes, I think so,’ Shadow replied, looking behind him to check if his tail was still showing. He patted his pointy ears and rubbed his hairy belly. ‘Yes as sure as I’m covered in fur, I am a cat,’ he replied.
‘But how can you talk?’ asked Grace, starting to rise.
‘It’s your dream Grace all of this, the flowers the fence it’s all part of your mind, I can do anything you want me to do. For instance I can do this!’ And he pulled a bunch of flowers out from under his baggy sleeves. He handed them to Grace with great flair.
‘For you my lady,’ he said with a giant grin stretching across his face.
‘You just picked those from my garden,’ said Grace, watching Shadow suspiciously. 
‘Oh you got me! You’re a bright girl! Tell me, err.…’ Shadow looked expectantly.
‘Grace,’ Grace replied holding out her hand.
‘And a lovely name it is,’ replied Shadow shaking Grace’s hand firmly. Grace noticed the very long, very sharp claws wrap around her fingers as Shadow shook her hand.
‘So Grace, what are you doing here?’
‘I don’t know. I can’t remember how I got here, everything is so foggy. How did you get here?’ she asked.
‘That’s a long story,’ Shadow replied taking Grace’s arm and leading her to a bench on the veranda. Shadow talked about his world, where cats walked upright and talked and read books. He also told Grace about the Drawl, the creatures that came for her at night.
‘Will you stay with me?’ Grace pleaded, her expression filled with fear.
‘I would love nothing more, but unfortunately I don’t have a lot of control over how much time I can spend with you.’ 
Grace’s eyes reddened and tears started to flow down her cheeks. 
‘I’m frightened, they come and they do things and I don’t remember. It’s just so terrible.’
‘Don’t worry Grace; I’m going to protect you. I won’t let them hurt you. I have to go now but I promise to return very soon,’ Shadow reassured her.
‘Please don’t go!’ cried Grace, grabbing hold of Shadow’s arm. ‘I can’t bear another night alone.’
‘I’m sorry but I’ll be back as soon as I can,’ and with that Shadow left.
Grace sat on the bench for the rest of the afternoon, waiting for him to return. But when night came and Shadow still didn’t come she felt more afraid than ever before. As she waited she heard the noise, saw the darkness and then felt the vile creatures.


***


Shadow was dropped into his basket by the old night shift matron.
‘There you go my lovely.’ She stroked Shadow’s little body. His silky fur glistened in the low light of the dim bulb overhead. Matron rubbed Shadow under his chin and he purred his appreciation loudly. ‘Yes you like that don’t you?’
After she left, Shadow looked about. Climbing up the storage shelves he jumped across to the window ledge. He managed to squeeze out the window and down onto the street below, then sprinted back around the building to watch and wait. The sound of a wailing ambulance caught his attention and he crouched down ready. As the ambulance pulled up at the emergency entrance and the doors burst open Shadow made his move. Sprinting around the side of the hospital, across and in through the open doors. Ducking under tables and chairs he made his way to the stairwell, and then waited again for someone to open the door. Instead, however, he seized the opportunity of a passing gurney to ride up in the elevators, getting off as it reached his floor. Cautiously Shadow padded quietly towards Grace’s ward, carefully passing the night nurse’s station and suddenly he was home free. Leaping up onto Grace’s bed Shadow settled down for the night.


***


Shadow found the gate to Grace’s cottage open. He hurried up the path and in through the open door. Grace was lying on the floor and there were several Drawl beside her, feeding from her energy, draining her life away. Shadow shut the door loudly and they stopped what they were doing and stared at the intruder. 
‘Step away from the girl!’ hissed Shadow through exposed teeth. He pulled out two sai from behind his back. The sai was a favourite weapon of the police when disarming drunken sword wielding cats. It looked like a three pronged fork with the middle prong being three times longer than the outside two. It could be used for stabbing, or trapping a sword between the prongs, and was very effective against staffs, and the long spiky appendages of the Drawl. Holding a sai in each hand Shadow lunged forwards into action. The Drawl scattered, and Shadow pursued them, one at a time. The first fell easily, running into a corner it tried to escape but ended up impaling itself on Shadow’s weapon. The last two, however, were much smarter. They worked together to attack Shadow.
As he fought desperately to repel the creatures the words of his teacher came back to him.
‘Relax. Only by relaxing can the body achieve the extraordinary.’ Stepping back from his aggressors, Shadow took a deep breath and refocused.
‘Yen gwan bi, bi gwan shing,’ he repeated the words of his teacher: the eyes focus on the nose, and the nose focuses in on the spirit. His vision grew short, and he became rooted to the ground. As his muscles, tendons and bones relaxed, the energy started to flow up from the earth and down from the sky. The first Drawl, seeing Shadow relax, seized the opportunity to strike. It lunged forwards. As he came into contact, Shadow touched the creature’s chest lightly with the palm of his hands. The Drawl was thrown across the room with such violent force that when it smashed into the opposite wall death was instantaneous. The second Drawl died when it too rushed Shadow trying to inflict damage, the effect was like running into a brick wall. The harder it hit Shadow the more force was redirected back into itself. It felt like trying to push a balloon into a tub of water. 
Shadow knelt down beside Grace. He lifted her up and placed her on the sofa.
‘You are safe now, and I am going to teach you how to protect yourself so that this never happens again,’ he said, soothing Grace’s forehead with a damp cold towel he had retrieved from the kitchen.
Grace slept for six hours and awoke to find Shadow meditating by her side. She wiped the sleep from her eyes and sat up.
‘Shadow! You came back! I was so frightened. They returned and I was alone. I--’
‘Shush,’ he soothed. ‘They are gone now, and those creatures won’t ever hurt you again. I will show you how to stop them from coming Grace. I will teach you how to defend yourself.’

Chapter Ten


After Grace left the party she spent the night at Fredya’s. The following morning she had made Boot promise to take her to see Yin. She rose and dressed and glancing out the window noticed Boot, at the foot of the driveway watching the street. He wasn’t alone. A number of cats had joined him. Funny they do that at home too thought Grace. And it’s usually always around dusk and dawn. She went in search of Fredya to ask what was going on.
‘It’s the Drawl. They usually only attack at night, so the soldiers all stand guard watching for them,’ Fredya informed her.
‘I’m going out for a look,’ Grace called back as she set off out the door. Fredya called after her: 
‘No Grace it’s not safe!’ but the young girl was already out of ear-shot. Grace walked up to Boot and stared out into the road where Boot was watching. She couldn’t see anything. She stared a little harder, not wanting to appear dense. Then something began to take shape, a very faint shadow that just didn’t seem to fit in with the other shadows in the street. It was moving strangely but with purpose. 
‘Oh I see it, it’s over there,’ said Grace happily.
‘What?’ snapped Boot quickly ‘What do you see?’
‘The thing, the black shadowy stuff,’ Grace replied not knowing quite how to describe it.
‘Where exactly do you see this?’ Boot demanded his voice deepening and his hand reaching for his sword.
‘Well it’s, um, now where’s it gone…Ah! There it is, over by that stone wall, next to the white stone. Do you see it?’
‘I most certainly do not,’ replied Boot moving forward towards the wall, his sword now half drawn.
‘It has stopped just in front of you,’ Grace pointed out helpfully. In one fluid motion Boot’s sword tip left his leather scabbard and cut an arc through the air curving over and back into its resting place almost faster than Grace could blink.
‘You got it, I think. At least, your sword passed right through it. It has gone now,’ Grace said looking around.
‘Come,’ said Boot, ‘I think the scientists will want to hear of this.’


***


Yin listened carefully as Grace explained what she had seen that morning. Boot added a few details that she had missed, but mostly sat quiet. Finally, when Grace had finished Yin stood up and walked over to her lab bench. She rummaged around for quite some time looking under piles of papers and technical equipment for something. Yang was certainly a messy mentor and Yin didn’t appear to be much better at keeping the place tidy. Returning to the group with a small metal box in her hand, she placed it carefully on the table before them.
‘I want you to look at what’s in the box Grace. Study it carefully then tell me what you see.’ Yin opened the box and removed a smaller acrylic box. She placed this in Grace’s hand. Boot looking at the box, could see it was empty. 
‘What’s this, some kind of joke?’ he said angrily, ‘You think she’s making it up….’
‘It looks like a very bright blue piece of metal, or crystal. I can’t tell,’ Grace described shaking the box a little to move the object around. Boot looked back at the box in Grace’s hand, it was still empty. 
‘What’s going on?’ he demanded. Yin thanked Grace and took the acrylic box and returned it to its metal container.
‘It was recovered from a Drawl,’ explained Yin. ‘None of us can see it of course, but we know it’s there. We were very fortunate to discover it, and now it is positive proof that Grace’s abilities extend well beyond even our dimension.’
‘What?’ Grace’s face said more than words ever could. ‘Let’s just back this all up a bit shall we. I’m still not au fait with all this fourth dimension stuff so tell me about it again.’
‘Did you understand what I explained the last time, about the ball moving past you in a two dimensional flat land?’ questioned Yin patiently.
‘Uh huh I think so,’ said Grace nodding her head.
‘So if that ball was sitting in front of your face how would it appear?’
‘It would be flat like a pancake?’ replied Grace knotting her eyebrows in concentration.
‘Now if it was spinning, what would you see?’ Grace pondered this for a moment. She scratched her head and squinted as if it would help her think. 
‘The same, just a pancake,’ said Grace proudly.
‘So do you see it’s possible for something to be moving in one dimension but static in the others? The 3D component of your body is stationary, but the 4D part is moving around. But in your case, except for a tiny part of your brain, you are made of entirely 3D matter. So we had to construct an avatar for you,’ explained Yin.
‘Eh you mean this isn’t my real body?’ cried Grace jumping up.
‘Well yes and no. It’s a construct, just something to contain what we brought across but it’s based on your 3D matter. You see all matter does is bend space. We simply bent it the same way in our dimension. And added a few flourishes,’ finished Yin as she watched Grace’s eyeballs swing back into her head.
‘I guess you lost me there Doc. Pity you couldn’t have bent space a little less around my hips though,’ she quipped pulling at her sides. Boot looked at her but couldn’t understand what she was talking about. The girl was a walking stick already.
‘So you said before that there were ten dimensions? Are they full of stuff too, and like, where do the pop fish go? And why aren’t I taller than all of you?’ Grace’s questions blurted out all at once.
‘We made you shorter to fit in better. Yes we believe there are ten dimensions, although the highest dimensions are probably extremely hot the lower ones are most probably teeming with life. We only know of a few creatures from other dimensions, and as you mentioned the pop fish are inter-dimensional travellers.’
‘Like me,’ Grace grinned.
‘Yes, just like you,’ smiled Yin.
‘So what other creatures are there?’ Grace’s curiosity was on full steam now and would not be sated.
‘Well there is the Drawl of course, the Pop fish, you have seen. The Lanus, but they were hunted to extinction years ago. And probably the most impressive would be the Avon Dhal!’ said Yin.
‘The silent ones,’ added Boot looking up from his thoughts.
‘Oh what’s that? Can we go see them?’ pleaded Grace getting excited.
‘No I don’t think that’s such a good idea,’ started Boot, but Yin cut him off.
‘Actually I think it’s a great idea. They are harmless, they never move, but with Grace’s extra perception, who knows what she might see. Let’s leave after lunch.’


***


The ambulance took fifteen minutes to arrive at the house. Joyce rode in the back with her daughter, and George drove with Jason to the hospital. Grace was admitted and whisked away by orderlies and doctors. Joyce was made to wait in a special allocated room with the other anxious parents of injured children.
Grace’s illness was vexing to the attending physician. His resident had called him to consult because he could find no physical injuries to the young girl’s body. There was no bruising, no signs of concussion, no obvious reason for her condition. The Doctor examined the chart, looking at the result of her blood tests. He pulled the sheets away at the end of the bed and poked at Grace’s big toe with a needle. 
‘Still responds to pain…Good, let’s do an MRI. I want to see what, if anything is going on inside her head.’ And with that he was gone. The resident turned to the nurse who was folding the bedcovers back around Grace’s leg. He rubbed his chin thoughtfully. 
‘Who do I see about the MRI scan?’ he asked the nurse hopefully. She looked at the young doctor, who couldn’t have been more than twenty five years of age, his eyes congested from lack of sleep. 
‘Go see Dr. Bob in radiology.’ She smiled and taking the chart from the young doctor’s hands made some notes and replaced it at the end of the bed.
The MRI machine at the community teaching hospital was very new and incorporated active noise cancellation technology, but regardless it was still very loud and hearing protection was fitted over Grace’s ears. The radiographer positioned Grace on the gurney and strapped her head in place. MRI machines could be very scary places for children with the claustrophobic space and the terrible noise they produced, almost like an airplane taking off.
The radiographer then left and re-entered the control room. Switching the machine on he watched as images of Grace’s brain started to fill the large monitor in front of him. The complete scan took almost an hour and when he was finished the results were sent to the duty radiologist for analysis.
Dr. Bob had been on staff at the hospital since it had opened thirty two years before. The staff often joked about it, saying he was one of the foundations of the hospital and wasn’t allowed to leave lest the building collapse without his support. Throughout his tenure Dr. Bob had spent most of it peering at images. X-rays, CT scans and MRI’s. He had seen many, many disturbing things over the years and always felt a dull ache deep inside his stomach whenever he saw a shadow or abnormality in a patient’s scan. Dr. Bob checked the patient file of the scan he was now examining and added some notes. Young teenage female, presents with a small, grade two oligodendroglioma in the frontal lobe. Dr. Bob’s stomach was aching again.


***


The walk out to the hidden valley took a lot longer than Grace had anticipated. She had wanted to take Lou but Boot had insisted that it was too far for him to go. He sat on Fredya’s porch looking terribly despondent as Grace and the others set off. 
They wound their way around thin paths worn from the rock by the passages of many animals over the eons. They had started to climb the final leg into the valley when Grace suddenly felt a little dizzy.
‘Did you take your pill this morning?’ asked Yin watching Grace as she swayed a little.
‘Yes. I think I’m just not used to all this exercise,’ Grace replied looking up to see how much further there was to climb. All she could see was Boot disappearing over yet another ridge. How did he manage so easily with such a large pack on his back? Grace thought as she adjusted her own smaller knapsack.
‘Just a little further now,’ Boot’s disembodied voice called from ahead. Yeah right thought Grace, how many times has he said that already? Grace dragged herself very ungracefully over the last ledge then plopped down puffing for a moment to catch her breath. Looking back she could see just how far they had come. There was the cat city in the distance and the religious city within. The large elegantly shaped temple and the Emperor’s palace were the two most obvious buildings she could make out. 
Boot was a bottomless pool of energy and it seemed as though Grace and Yin had just sat down to rest when he sprang up and wanted to press on.
‘You don’t want to be out here after dark. It could be dangerous,’ he warned.
Grace had been about to remove her boots, but decided against it. A memory stirred. Something her father had said about your feet swelling when you tramp and if you take your boots off you might not get them back on. Reluctantly she stood, shouldered her pack and set off again.
With her back flat to the rock behind her, Grace carefully moved sideways. Keeping her arms outstretched helped her to retain her balance as she shuffled to the end of the ledge. Then as she rounded the corner, the hidden valley opened up before her. It was massive, filled with large grey boulders and very little vegetation. It should have been called the dead valley or boring valley thought Grace, I can’t believe I wanted to come all this way. The trio moved further into the area and finally Boot pulled up for a rest.
‘Do you see them yet?’ he asked.
‘See what?’ replied Grace scanning the area for any sign of movement. It was empty. Yin came up behind Grace and spoke:
‘Look over there by that large flat rock.’
‘Oh yeah, that’s a big one,’ said Boot, shading his eyes from the sun with his paw. Grace strained to see something but couldn’t work out what they were looking at. I hope it’s not like those stupid 3D drawings with the coloured dots Martin Finch brought to school. He had gone around showing the other kids and anyone who didn’t get the picture was made to feel really dumb. Silly book, someone had stolen it out of his bag a few days later and he had cried about it for days.
Yin stood behind Grace and directed her hand.
‘Look,’ she said, ‘just over there, its legs are resting on that grey-green coloured rock and its body is closer to the flat one.’
Slowly Grace’s eyes began to accept what they were seeing. The problem wasn’t that she couldn’t see it before. There it was right in front of her. But being grey like the rocks behind it didn’t help. And the fact that it was nearly two hundred meters long from leg tip to hairy leg tip. As Grace got used to the idea of these giants, more and more of them started to appear. She could now see that the entire valley was full of gigantic hairy grey spiders. Grace suddenly felt rather ill.
‘Are you ok? You look a bit pale,’ asked Boot reaching for his water bag.
‘Are we safe? Won’t they try and eat us?’ 
Boot roared with laughter.
‘No, we are perfectly safe. They never move. They just sit in the sun all day and do nothing at all. I don’t recall anyone ever reporting anything more from them. Have you?’ he asked Yin.
‘No, they just sit there. We believe they share our dimension with another, so maybe they are more active in their own,’ Yin suggested. 
Grace was feeling a little braver now, imagine how a photo of this would go down at school she thought, I wish I had my phone.
‘Can we get a little closer?’ she asked, wanting to reclaim some of her lost respect.
‘Sure,’ replied Boot hopping down from his vantage point. He led them down through the rocks toward one of the closer spiders. Its long spindly legs were covered in tiny hairs that bristled in the gentle breeze blowing down the valley. They climbed up and under its legs toward its head. Grace stared up at the face behind the hairy mandibles. Many dark, black eyes reflected the valley lifelessly back at Grace. They looked like cold stone statues that had been carved by some insane craftsman who had filled the valley with his works. Grace reached up and stroked one of the hairy legs. It was warm, probably from the sun she thought. She was feeling quite brave now and clambered over rocks up to the spider’s head which was bigger than a family car. Grace stepped out from under the horrifying fangs and waved to Yin.
‘Look at me!’ she called.
The Avon Dhal had populated the valley for longer than any cat could remember. Not only had they had never left but apparently they had never moved either. A low rumbling sound suddenly startled Grace. She turned to see the spider’s enormous head now lowering towards her, and all eight of its eyes staring at her. In a panic she turned to climb back down the way she had come but her legs just weren’t getting the message. Slipping and sliding on the loose footing, she tripped and sprawled over the rocks in front of her. Looking back she couldn’t tear her eyes from the huge fangs that were slowly descending towards her. She tried to scream, but fear choked her lungs. The spider wasn’t moving fast, just creeping closer. Grace sat there petrified. The spider’s face was now level with her own. She was white with terror. Grace closed her eyes, not bearing to see the end. So this is it, I’m going out like a fly.
‘What’s going on here?’ said a voice right beside Grace’s ear. Grace opened one eye and quickly shut it again. The spider was so close its hairy head was prickling her skin.
‘Come on, speak up! I know you can hear me,’ the voice continued. Grace peeked again. She was still alive. She hadn’t been eaten… yet. She opened the other eye. The spider’s head was directly in front of her. 
‘Yes you, I’m talking to you. Is there anyone else on this rock?’ Grace was stunned.
‘What was the question again?’ she asked in a low voice afraid to draw too much attention to herself.
‘What are you doing here?’ The creature appeared angered by Grace’s dim-wittedness.
‘I came to see the, err… you,’ replied Grace a little unsure of how to talk to a giant spider in a hidden valley in a dimension not her own.
‘And what do you want?’ replied the spider in a low rumbling voice. Grace had to think about that. Originally she had just wanted to see the ‘silent ones’. She didn’t know they were going to talk to her. By this time Yin and Boot had caught up to Grace and were standing behind her.
‘Who are you talking to?’ asked Yin looking about.
‘Well I don’t know what his name is but…,’ Grace announced pointing to the very large arachnid looming over them.
‘You’re telling me they talk?’ whispered Boot incredulously, suddenly feeling a little exposed under this massive creature’s body. The giant spider spoke again.
‘Her name is Mutet,’ Grace announced. ‘She says that all those you see in the valley are what are left of their kind.’
‘What happened?’ questioned Grace looking up into Mutet’s shining eyes.
‘We are not native to this dimension, we belong to the fifth. We are hiding here from the creatures that invaded our home many, many years ago, destroying our people. We tried to fight back but they were too clever. They would disappear back to their own dimension before we could counter-attack. Eventually we worked out what they came for, what they wanted and how to hide it from them. But it was too late for most of my people, those that could, fled here. Now we are trapped, unable to return, barely able to survive.’ Mutet’s voice rumbled away with a tone of sadness.
Grace relayed the tragedy back to Yin and Boot. Boot was keen to hear more about the invaders, so Grace continued her questioning.
‘They came from a higher dimension. Their behaviour appeared quite simple at first, but their technology was so advanced, we didn’t understand the horror that was to overtake us until it was too late. The higher dimensions are mostly uninhabited by creatures as you know them, but by more frenetic beings. Therefore they need energy, they are drawn to it. They feed off it. But like the plague that they are, they consumed all the energy of their own dimension and have started to prey on inhabitants of the lower ones.’
‘You said you worked out how to hide from them? What did you do?’ queried Grace.
‘Well they feed on energy, but what they need comes from living creatures, from their minds. Only it’s not that easy to get. The stronger beings can resist. So the creatures look for brains which aren’t being used, then they attach themselves, like parasites, and drain the host’s energy away. The stronger they get the harder it is to resist them. Once they can establish a presence they get bolder, attacking you while you think, and finally they invade. Thousands and thousands of them pour into your dimension consuming everything.’
Grace remembered her living room full of Drawl and shuddered.
‘But how did you escape?’ asked Grace.
‘We fled here and trained our brains to emit a null thought. They can’t see us, because our energy is too low, almost as low as the rock around you.’
‘So that’s all you do, Lie here and not think?’
‘Until now, yes,’ rumbled Mutet.
‘Why don’t you fight with the cats?’ suggested Grace thinking hard. ‘Couldn’t you all join forces?’
‘What are cats?’ asked Mutet.
‘Oh right. Well this is Boot, and the lady over there is Yin. Can you actually see them?’ Grace asked as she pointed her companions out. Boot waved at the hairy spider.
‘Hello,’ he said warmly. Yin smiled and said ‘Hi.’
‘But they are two,’ said Mutet, ‘how can only two such puny creatures fight the enemy?’
‘Oh there are many more than that. There is a whole city of them beyond here. It’s just that these two brought me here to meet you. And the taller one, that’s Boot, he’s really good with a sword, he fights the Drawl all the time. He’s like my personal bodyguard. He’s in the army and everything,’ gushed Grace all excited.
‘But our numbers are few, less than a hundred. The survival of our species is at risk,’ argued Mutet.
‘You might well call this surviving,’ said Grace, ‘but it sure isn’t living.’ Mutet growled a low pitched rumble and for a second Grace thought the spider was going to eat her after all.
‘Leave us. Before they return and find us. The sun is already low in the sky.’
Grace turned to the west. The sun was low and the shadows were growing longer, their long dark fingers reaching across the valley, climbing the opposite rock face.
‘I think we should go back now,’ suggested Grace and Boot and Yin agreed. The trio set off, back the way they had come. Grace relayed the rest of Mutet’s conversation. As they climbed the valley wall, the spider roared out one final message. 
‘Find the anchor. They use it to get from one dimension to another. Destroy it and they will be trapped.’
Both cats listened carefully as Grace translated this piece of advice.
‘Of course,’ Yin said. ‘It’s so simple! Just as we gave you the amulet to anchor you, the Drawl must use one to adhere to our dimension.’
‘But how come you don’t need them?’ asked Grace with the same confused look she had in her algebra class.
‘Because we are part of your dimension too, we coexist in both. It’s just that most of the time we choose to move around only in the fourth.’
‘So find their anchor, and destroy it, then we can stop the Drawl,’ hissed Boot his lips pressed and his eyes narrowed in concentration.
‘Well, it would slow them down until they could get another one,’ Yin replied.
‘At least we have a plan, that might work, and with Grace’s help, we may just strike a real blow against the dark menace.’ Boot actually appeared to be smiling. 
The long walk back was a lot more bearable with ideas bouncing around in their heads. They each pondered their own role in the events that lay ahead.

Chapter Eleven


Yang and General Talus listened incredulously as Yin, Boot and Grace told them about the Avon Dhal and Grace’s conversation with Mutet. They were especially interested in the anchor point that the great spider had mentioned. 
‘You know, we have often wondered about this. How the Drawl manage to slip so easily into and out of our dimension. This just could be the breakthrough we have been waiting for,’ the General said running an eye over Grace. ‘Good to see you back in one piece young lady.’
‘Thank you sir,’ Grace wondered if she should curtsy or something as she had no idea of expected protocol in front of a General. She had noticed Yin just called him sir so decided that was probably best.
‘We need to find that anchor,’ the General was getting excited. Not the running around the room flapping like a chicken excited way Yang did, but a more sedate take the pipe out of the mouth and tap it twice on the table kind of five-star General excited.
‘But that could take years, the area is so vast, and the only one of us who could see it is Grace…sir,’ interrupted Boot.
‘But if we look at what we know about the Drawl, their patterns, their common movements, maybe we can narrow down the search for this thing. We know they attack at night, we know they never attack around the park. Who knows why? Maybe they don’t like the pop fish? We also know they arrive in fairly large numbers. We need to divide up the city and stake out each grid nightly. Any sign of them, and we search that area during the day.’ The General was very excited now. He had removed his sunglasses and tapped his pipe an unheard of five times against the edge of the table.
‘You Boot, I want you to coordinate this,’ he ordered. 
‘But Sir, that would require more men than a squad, I’m only a sergeant.…’
‘Hmm, yes quite right, quite right,’ the General muttered ‘that won’t do at all. Who is the Platoon Sergeant?’
‘Sir it’s Forkna, Sir!’ snapped Boot crisply.
‘Forkna ay? Isn’t that the guy bucking for a section eight because he plays with vegetables?’ drawled the General.
‘Err, he is a vegetarian sir, because he was raised by vegetarian humans in the third dimension.’
‘Son, there are only two types of cats in this world, those that fight the Drawl and those who have something better to do. As I see it, we need a new Platoon Sergeant. Congratulations Sgt. First Class Boot, on your new commission.’ And with that, the General left. Only the smell of his pipe and the grin on Boot’s face remained of his visit.
Grace ran over and hugged Boot again. 
‘Well done, platoon Sergeant Boot. That has a very important sound to it,’ she said rubbing Boot behind the ears again.
‘Oh come on, is this a dignified way to treat a Platoon Sergeant? Stand down girl!’ Boot ordered, half joking, half serious. After Yang and Yin also congratulated him on his promotion, the mood got serious as they started to plan their mission.

Chapter Twelve


‘I can see how this plan to destroy the Drawl anchor might work, but what good does it do us if we can’t destroy them as well? If they are hiding in a dimension higher than ours they are untouchable,’ Boot sighed.
Yang’s smile disappeared. It was a large hole in their plan. The tiny spark of enthusiasm in the room seemed to waver. Energy generated by a fresh idea to attack the Drawl was exciting, but once that energy was sapped from them, they just felt despondent.
Grace was playing with the small block that contained the piece of Drawl metal. She shook the casing and it rattled.
‘Why can’t you attack the Drawl?’ she asked nobody in particular. Yang turned to speak but Boot was quicker. 
‘Because our weapons have no presence in the higher dimensions, they just pass right through them.’
An idea was starting to form in Grace’s mind. 
‘This, stuff that the Drawl are made of in this box, is there anymore of it?’ she asked Yang
‘Their armour, yes I suppose so. I’m sure if you looked for it though, you’d find it a lot easier than we could,’ he replied to Grace with a puzzled look on his face.
‘Boot who made your sword?’ she asked. Boot looked surprised, he was exceptionally proud of his blade. 
‘It was forged by the great swordsmith Nagamitsu himself.’
Grace took a deep breath and asked the ten million dollar question. 
‘Do you think if I collected the Drawl armour he could forge a blade using it? Do you think that would be effective against them?’ Boot, Yin and Yang looked dumbfounded. It was brilliant, devilishly simple and of course absolutely impossible.
‘Nothing like the challenge ay?’ said Yang as he and Boot nodded excitedly.
‘If that works it would even the playing field, no, it would throw the balance in our favour. We must get started on this straight away.’ 
Boot bundled Grace out of the lab in such a hurry that she didn’t even get to say goodbye to Yin. They strode off down the road towards the city limits. Crossing the final ring-road they reached their destination, the wasteland beyond. Boot directed Grace to the area where the Drawl artefact had been recovered. It didn’t take long for her to spot more of the bizarre metal lying in the soil. She bundled up as much as she could into the knapsack Boot had given her. Straining under the weight of the metal, she only managed to stagger a few yards before she had to drop it. 
‘It’s too heavy, there is too much of this stuff for me to carry.’
‘Would you like me to carry it for you?’ asked Boot jokingly.
Grace struggled on in stony silence under the weight of the load. Boot asked her once if she’d like to take a break but Grace gave him the dirtiest of looks. It didn’t take them too long to get back to town and find the residence of the legendary sword maker.
As Boot carefully explained what they wanted, the old cat listened intently but he never took his eyes off Grace. His fur was old and grey, a little thin in parts, but carefully brushed into shape. Eyes, a brilliant blue, made his face look much younger.
He stared at Grace, straining under the weight of the invisible load. He had the weirdest expression on his face and it reminded her of the day there had been a guest speaker at her school. The guy had been so nervous speaking at assembly that he had developed the hiccups. He had just kept hiccupping and hiccupping. In the big assembly hall they echoed around the room seeming to double up on each other getting louder and louder. The school principal had just sat and stared down his nose at the poor guy.
The old cat turned to Boot:
‘I’m going to need a lot of wood for the fires,’ he said and very nimbly made his way across to his workshop leaving Boot and Grace to collect the wood. The old cat was serious when he said ‘a lot’. It took almost four hours to collect enough to satisfy the old cat. 
The fires were finally lit, and a thin wisp of smoke rose from the forging hut. No banging had yet been heard so Grace went in to check on things. Nagamitsu had laid out his tools. He occasionally pulled on a very large bellows that pushed more air into the furnace. For a moment it roared as the flames ate up the fresh oxygen. The heat was so intense Grace could feel the skin on her face tighten.
The extreme temperature in the air made the room swim and appear to shake. How did he stand it? Grace asked herself. In his hand Nagamitsu had a large piece of steel that he was rolling around inside the embers of the fire. Once the steel was glowing white hot he removed it and set it upon his massive anvil. He pounded on it with a very large hammer and eventually the metal started to get thinner and wider. Once he had pounded it to three times its original size Nagamitsu turned to Grace. 
‘The Drawl material Grace, quickly place it onto the flattened steel.’ Grace could only just hear him as her ears were still ringing from the noise of the pounding. But she reached over to where she had dumped some of the metal she had collected. She laid some on top of the steel the old swordsmith had resting on his anvil. Giving him the nod she withdrew quickly back across the room, the heat was so intense she was drenched in sweat from head to toe. But Nagamitsu stopped her and wouldn’t let her leave. 
‘You must be my eyes,’ he said. Grace watched with some interest as the old cat beat the metals together, and then folded the flattened piece over on itself, just like folding an omelette observed Grace. He then beat the metal again until it had doubled in size, then he folded it together again. Occasionally he would pause to study his work checking the metal’s colour and edges. He asked Grace to describe what she saw. Then he would bang away at it for a while longer. Grace counted ten folds before he was done. Now he began to shape the blade, working in the curve, building up the thickness of the back and honing the cutting edge down. At times he would heat it and quench it in various liquids he had in barrels about his workshop. The blade would hiss and boil in some, and merely create billowing white clouds in others. 
‘A sword must be strong, yet it must yield. Like an oak in a storm, its trunk must bend with the wind, lest it be snapped in half. The blade will have a hard shell to slice through its enemy’s armour, yet a soft centre to dissipate the energy of the strike through it.’ Nagamitsu smiled in satisfaction as he continued his work.
This was art and science combined in myth and magic. The swordsmith, his fur soaked with sweat and sticky looking from the heat and effort expended, worked all night while Grace fell asleep by the entrance. Boot had slipped off several times to get more wood to feed the insatiable appetite of the fires. As dawn broke and Grace stirred she saw Boot watching the old cat. The sword had been polished and sharpened. A wavy temper line ran down the blade, the hamon Boot had called it. Grace moved forward for a better look. She was impressed, having always thought of swords as just a piece of metal with a sharp edge. Nagamitsu finished attaching the handle.
‘It’s made from sharkskin for grip!’ he instructed her. At last the sword was ready and he held it up to the light. 
‘Describe for me what you see Grace.’
Grace took the blade, it was very light, and the balance was perfect. She looked at the pattern above the cutting edge where the old master had indicated. 
‘Here,’ he pointed, ‘what do you see?’ 
Grace studied the edge of the sword. It had a dull finish along the sharp edge. She looked harder at the pattern.
‘It’s, well I guess I’d describe it like the grain in wood,’ said Grace not knowing of any better way to explain it. ‘And it has got the same blue colour, from the metal I gave you.’
Both Boot and the older cat had very, very satisfied looks on their faces. A wood grained hamon was a very pleasing omen.
‘Then let us test it,’ cried Boot taking the sword gently from Grace’s hands.
‘Grace, would you hold up a piece of the metal, above your head?’ Boot asked, stepping back a little. Grace obliged by selecting a large piece of the ultra dimensional metal and lifting it high. 
‘Ready,’ she called.
In a slick circular motion Boot moved the sword through the air effortlessly. It made a gentle swish as it cut through the air and the light from the fire danced along its edge. Although only Grace knew that the top of the metal had dropped to the floor, the look on her face was all the other two needed to see.
‘Master!’ cried Boot, ‘You have surpassed yourself this time. How soon before we can equip our scouts with these?’ he asked.
‘I can instruct my apprentices at once, maybe one and a half days?’ replied the swordsmith, a look of pride in his bright blue eyes.
‘Excellent. I will return to collect them just before dusk. Now we must be off, there is still much to prepare.’


***


‘This will be insanely dangerous. You need to know that up front Grace. If you have any doubts about doing this, you should tell me now,’ Boot said as they sat together.
Grace had doubts all right, there were great carnivorous butterflies hacking pieces out of her stomach. She really just wanted to go home, crawl into her mum’s bed and hide. She was the last person you wanted for something like this. Like sports day at school; she was always the last person picked for a team. It was usually:
‘We’ll take Grace if you take Jabba.’
Grace wanted to tell them. She wanted to explain that if they relied on her she would only muck it up. When it came to the crucial moment she would panic, scream or freeze. Instead, all Grace heard coming out her mouth was: 
‘I’m in all the way.’ Whose voice was that? Surely not mine she wondered. It sounded different, stronger. It was the birth of a new Grace maybe, one who could undertake this extremely dangerous mission.


***


It is said that an exceptional scout learns to sense the enemy, to feel his presence. If his mind is clear and focused, he becomes the hunter rather than the prey. In Grace’s dimension the cats had been able to see the Drawl whereas in their own dimension they could not. This added to the difficulty in fighting this deadly foe. The scientists had been working on a means of locating the Drawl, a device that detected the displacement of air molecules as they moved around. It was crude and no one knew whether it would work or not. But tonight it was all they had. There were scout teams posted all over the city. Boot had decided to spread the teams as wide as he could. Any team detecting Drawl activity should report it immediately and a map of their movements would be drawn up. Over time it was hoped that this map would narrow down the locations in the search for the exact position of the Drawl anchor.
So far, however, it had been hopeless. They had found nothing. Boot sat silently on the ground, his cloak drawn up tightly around his neck, his sword resting under his chin. His eyes scanned the horizon, as the sun’s final rays withdrew across the landscape. Blues, oranges and finally reds disappeared beyond the horizon one after the other. 
‘Come on you scumbags,’ cursed Boot under his breath. He looked to Grace who was also wrapped up in a shawl given to her by Fredya. She was squinting into the distance with a grim expression on her face. She really had been thrust in at the deep end. At least Boot was a trained professional, used to dealing with this kind of thing on a daily basis. Grace, however, was still just a kid, a remarkable one, but still, a child. He admired her bravery as he remembered his first night against the Drawl all those years ago. That’s how he got the scar on the back of his paw. It was during the last big offensive. Every able-bodied cat in the city had been called up to fight. Even Boot, along with the other kittens, had been conscripted. It was Boot’s first time, and he had felt so scared, he had vomited at his post as the first wave attacked. There were so many Drawl. They had come through into the fourth dimension in a brazen attempt to secure a foothold. 
It had been a terrible battle, many of Boot’s friends had died, their tiny bodies drained of energy, or torn asunder by the invading hordes. The conscripts had been given only the most basic of training and adding to their desperation there weren’t enough arms to go around so each group had to share. Most cats had brought weapons from home, axes, pitchforks; whatever they could get their paws on. 
The fighting had lasted four days before the enemy had withdrawn. Most cats considered they were lucky, another day’s fighting and their numbers would have been decimated beyond survival. Since that battle, the Drawl had concentrated their efforts on the third dimension because humans offered no resistance. They still journeyed into the cats’ realm but only moving through from a higher dimension, only materializing to sap energy from the ill, or aged.
From that day Boot had remained in the army, fighting and protecting. He hated the Drawl and would fight until their threat was gone or die trying.
‘I see them! Over there by that building,’ whispered Grace. Boot snapped his head around to look. He couldn’t see anything, but by concentrating his mind, his senses started to focus. Yes, there was something.
‘How many Grace?’ he asked.
‘I count half a dozen or so. They are heading down that street,’ Grace replied pointing in the direction. Boot made some notes in a little book he was carrying. 
‘Let’s hope the others get some results too,’ Boot whispered.


***


‘I don’t understand,’ cried Joyce, looking to her husband. ‘What’s he saying?’ The doctor sucked in a slow, deep breath. He had vainly hoped to hide behind large and sterile medical terms. He didn’t want to use the emotive words, words that had so much power that their mere mention was enough to send parents into hysterics. He now had to use two of them. It was not going to be pleasant.
‘It’s a tumour, in your daughter’s brain. We need to operate.’ There they were tumour and operation, words you never wanted to hear spoken about regarding your child. Joyce’s own brain rebooted. As it came back online she tried denial. 
‘No you have the wrong scans. There has been some mix-up.’ But the young doctor was adamant there was no confusion, Grace was the only teenage patient scanned today. Next Joyce tried negotiation.
‘Can’t we try something else, some other less drastic treatment? Is an operation really that necessary?’ Again the doctor shook his head. Next Joyce tried anger looking at her husband. 
‘It’s all your fault you know! If you had taken better care of her….’ But Joyce soon realized the stupidity and fruitlessness of what she was saying. George hugged his wife, kissed her forehead, and brushed the matted hair from her face. 
‘I want to see her,’ she wept.


***


Private Lanus had always been lucky, as a kitten he had had it rough sure, but later on in life things just seemed to fall into place for him. How he ended up in the army was anyone’s guess though. Some say it was probably his unwillingness to think for himself and that the army was great if you just wanted to switch your brain off and do what you were told. This suited Pvt. Lanus very well. He was a model soldier, who never questioned orders. He never got bored on guard duty and was always the first to volunteer for special duties. So that was how he came to find himself sitting in his hide, watching for Drawl activity with a small kit that tech div had equipped him with. For three nights he had sat there patiently waiting for something to happen, he might have thought it a bit pointless but he never mentioned the fact. Tonight, however, it was different. The small box had started beeping a few moments ago and now couldn’t be silenced. Lanus had been told that the device would beep if the Drawl were in the area. He also knew that some cats could sense the Drawl just by concentrating hard. Lanus, however, had no such skill. He lacked the imagination and perseverance to master it. So he sat there listening to the beeping and watching a seemingly empty street. He also duly noted the information in his notebook, just as the Sgt. had ordered.


***


Although Thaal was a cat of the faith, he was also well schooled in the ways of science. He picked through the texts to find the bits that were most useful to him. He had listened with interest when Dr Yang had explained the workings of the machine that he used to transport objects into this realm. After much deliberation Thaal realised that the same machine that gave Grace form in this world could now be used to destroy her. He slipped unseen into the lab while everybody was out hunting the Drawl. He moved silently from room to room until he reached the one where he had witnessed the demonstration, the same one he had sent his men to capture Grace from when she had first arrived.
Thaal inspected the controls. It had not been touched since the girl’s arrival. Operating the switches, he recalibrated the finder. Transporting an object permanently to his realm was a lot less tricky than keeping its 3D component intact as had been done with Grace. What Thaal was after wouldn’t be going back. He scanned the machine’s scope, searching through all the images until at last he had what he wanted. He stabbed the acquire button with a sharp claw. The object arrived in the tank and Thaal lifted it free, the cold metal glinting in the dim moonlight of the room. Placing it inside his robes he found it surprisingly heavy and uncomfortable. Not at all like the Nagamitsu blade also tucked away under his cloak. Thaal slipped out of the lab, and into the darkness. All the preparations were now complete.


***


The night had been a busy one for the squads deployed throughout the city. Activity reports had flooded in from several scouts and now Boot surveyed the results on a large map pinned to the wall of his makeshift command post. General Talus had been by that morning to inspect his progress and remind him of the importance of the mission. It was the sort of things generals did. They were like company managers, waltzing around giving high level directives and expecting everyone below them to make it work. They didn’t care how. They just went back to their corner offices to dream up more whacky schemes.
Grace sat quietly watching Boot fiddle with the pins on his map. He had all his reports in now and had many pointers and arrows plastered all over the wall. The arrows indicated the direction the enemy was moving. Boot then drew lines back from each Drawl group in the opposite direction to that which they were heading. The result was that the lines all intersected in an area roughly the size of a football field. It was an unused piece of land just south of the city.
‘Tonight, my squad will concentrate our search around this area,’ said Boot pointing to his chart.
‘But won’t that arouse suspicion, all those soldiers in one small area? Shouldn’t it just be the two of us? I mean it has got to be in there right?’ Grace suggested. Are you mad? A little voice inside her head yelled at her. Of course you want all those soldiers around you. What if something goes wrong?
Boot considered Grace’s comments for a second. 
‘Yes you could be right. But I still want my men on call, just in case things get nasty.’


***


It was a few hours before dark when Boot received word from the swordsmith that his weapons were ready. With Grace by his side Boot set off to collect them.
Grace could feel the heat of the building even before she saw it. Nagamitsu’s students were climbing onto the roof pouring water over the timbers which caused steam to come off in great groans and hisses. The foundry had never been this busy as far back as Boot could remember. There were cats everywhere. The noise was deafening, as they banged metal, quenched steel and pumped the bellows. Above all else Grace could still hear the old master himself yelling orders to his apprentices. After hurling a final word of encouraging abuse at some hapless worker he ventured out to greet his visitors.
‘Come see what I have for you,’ he beckoned, and he led them around the back of the workshop to the storage area. It was a little cooler here and Grace found it easier to breath without hurting her lungs. Nagamitsu opened the storeroom door and they filed inside.
Along one wall were the swords, at least two dozen of them. They were rougher than the one Nagamitsu had made earlier that Boot now carried. Choosing one at random Boot withdrew it from its leather casing. Light danced along the blade and reflected off his face. It too had the bluish patina just back from the cutting edge. Boot inspected a few more. Each was slightly different reflecting the individual styles of the master’s students, but all had the same keen edge.
‘I also have these for you,’ he said as he reached for a large box in the corner. It squeaked as he opened it and inside were hundreds of shiny arrow heads. These Grace noticed had the same faint blue tinge to them. 
‘They should be quite effective against our foe,’ the old cat sneered. Boot too was smiling at the thought.
‘I have one last surprise for you.’ He grinned as he lead Boot and Grace to the back of the storage area where it was a little darker. He removed an old oily rag from a stand and before them was a set of brand new armour. Grace was astounded by the amount of work accomplished in such a short time. To make the swords and arrow tips was one thing, but to put together this amazing set of armour was beyond belief. Hand stitched leather and silk, the whole thing was impregnated with the Drawl material and it shone radiantly with the polish on the leather, and the glow of the exotic metal. How the old master had achieved so much from his forge when he couldn’t even see the Drawl material dumbfounded Grace. Boot later told her that a true master’s abilities transcended the ordinary. To them nothing was impossible.
‘And one for the lady,’ said Nagamitsu drawing aside another oily cloth. Grace’s amour was slightly different to Boot’s. It was more ornate, with embossed images in the breast plate. Grace gasped at the sheer beauty of it. The pink silk sashes that tied it off, the yellow silk threads and the blue material worked throughout. Grace lifted it off the stand. It was heavy, but well balanced. Suddenly Grace’s mind started to appreciate the gravity of the situation.
‘But I can’t fight,’ she stammered. ‘I’m just a little girl.’ And right now Grace felt very, very alone, scared and vulnerable. Boot turned to Grace, his voice firm but kind. 
‘Grace, this is a war and our kind are dying every day in battle with these creatures. They are dying for a cause you humans aren’t even aware of. They are dying to protect you while you live on in ignorant bliss. Do you think we want things to be this way? Do you think we like the fighting and the dying? We do it because we have a duty to protect those who can’t fight back and protect themselves. Believe me Grace; you do have it in you, everyone does. Inside every creature, be they human, cat or polyped, there is something that, when pushed too far, when forced to make a choice between lying down and dying or standing up and fighting, they pick up a weapon. These people are far more valuable than soldiers, soldiers fight for a living, farmers, butchers, bakers, when pushed to the point, are fighting to live.’
Grace stared at Boot. She hadn’t seen him this alive, this passionate before. She pulled the armour over her head and managed a thin smile.
‘Good girl’ smiled the old sword maker as he tightened the amour across Grace’s back.
‘Of course amour isn’t much use without a weapon,’ and Nagamitsu handed Grace a shorter version of the sword Boot now carried. 
‘I have balanced it based on your height, and made it lighter for your untrained wrists.’
Grace examined the handle, it was the same sharkskin wrapping. However, the butt of the sword had a lion’s head carved into it. Its golden mane flowing around its face and its fearsome teeth exposed in a ferocious roar.
‘Now everything is set. Tonight we kick some Drawl butt!’ The mood had changed, and Grace was silent on the walk back to Boot’s war room.


***


Grace lay asleep in her hospital bed. Her mother sat beside her on the bed, clasping her daughter’s tiny hands. 
‘It’s going to be fine. It’s all going to be fine. Just wake up sweetheart; Mummy’s here, and daddy, even your brother. We are all here for you Grace, just wake up,’ Joyce sobbed. But Grace didn’t respond. The blankets rose and fell with Grace’s breathing but that was the only sign of life she gave. George came over and put his arms around his wife’s shoulders.
‘What should we do?’ he asked. Joyce looked up, tears reddened her eyes.
‘I don’t know,’ she cried.
‘Maybe we should listen to the doctors. They helped Grace before,’ George suggested nervously. His wife was fragile enough and he didn’t want to upset her further if she was so against the surgery. Joyce turned back to Grace and sat quietly in thought for ten minutes before replying.
‘I guess it’s the only thing we can do, it’s better than doing nothing.’
George nodded and squeezed his wife’s hand. Then he walked over to the door and down to the nurses’ station to page the doctor. He fought back the tears as he waited
‘Bring us the forms,’ he said to the doctor who was now standing rather uncomfortably in front of Grace’s parents. 
‘It’s the only way honey, and the sooner they do it, the better Grace’s chances will be.’ The resident hurried away with the consent forms leaving George and Joyce sitting forlornly on the sofa in their desperately sick child’s hospital room.

Chapter Thirteen


Grace sat quietly in the corner of the room. Boot was busy talking to other cats as they came and went throughout the day. Scooter had arranged for the swords and arrows to be collected and a team was working on attaching the arrowheads and fletching to shafts in preparation for battle.
‘Are we expecting much of a show tonight Sarge?’ asked Scooter cheerfully as ever. How do they remain so calm knowing what they will be doing in a few hours thought Grace. I’m sick to my stomach and Scooter is purring away to himself while he works. Grace didn’t wait for Boot’s reply. Instead she went outside the hut to get some fresh air. Things had happened so fast, ever since she had arrived in this dimension one crazy situation had followed the next. There was the mad cat who wanted to sacrifice her, giant spiders, and now she was preparing for battle. Grace suddenly came over homesick. She wanted to be tucked up on the couch with a hot chocolate and a good book, spending time with her family as they watched TV and argued about which channel to watch.
The fresh air made her feel better and she decided to experiment with the blade that Nagamitsu had given her. She withdrew it cautiously from the tsubo and watched it glisten in the sunlight. It was indeed very light. Grace tried stabbing the air with it. She felt clumsy and awkward; how is it that Boot can move it with such elegance?
‘Don’t grip it so tight Toots.’ It was Scooter; he was standing with Boot in the doorway watching her.
‘Well I don’t know how this thing works,’ groaned Grace with a slightly higher pitch to her voice than normal. Scooter stepped forward to assist but Boot held him back. 
‘I’ll do it. You get on with your work.’ He grinned as he walked over to Grace.
‘The first lesson is respect. Respect the blade, and it will respect you. That means never letting it touch the ground, not chipping it, and keeping it sharp and clean.’
Grace picked her sword tip off the ground and lifted it up rather sheepishly.
‘Hold it like this,’ instructed Boot pulling his sword from its home at his waist and clasping it with both hands. ‘And spread your feet wider.’
‘Like this?’ asked Grace moving into position.
‘That’s it. But put more weight on the back foot. In case you need to spring back, you don’t want to be caught with too much weight forward. Now follow what I do.’ Boot moved slowly and began teaching Grace the basics of cutting. The vertical strike, and the top-left to bottom-right slash. Then Boot watched patiently as Grace repeated the movements in slow motion, correcting little errors as she made them.


***


It was time and Grace and Boot set off to hunt the Drawl. Grace was wearing her new armour and Boot was dressed in his. They both carried their swords about their waists. Boot had instructed his scouts to wait just outside the area that he and Grace would be searching. When he gave the signal they would ambush any Drawl caught behind. Boot had hand-picked only the best scouts for this mission, those who had the ability to detect the enemy by pure sense alone. Scouts had been called back from active duty protecting humans for this mission. It was that important this being the first time they had a chance to do some damage to their enemy on their own terms. Damage the enemy was not expecting. Tonight was going to be a turning point, Boot could feel it.


***


Joyce and George sat beside Grace in the surgery preparation room. Doctors and nurses came and went chatting away amongst themselves. The anaesthetist was a very tall Chinese man called Dr. Lim. He came by to introduce himself and discuss his role in the procedure. Then there was the craniologist, the brain specialist, as well as the head theatre nurse. When the parents were left alone for a moment Joyce spoke to Grace. 
‘I know you can hear me sweetie. You are going to be all right. You’re a fighter, just like your mum. You’ve been through this before and you did fine. Just hang on to your dreams.’
The orderlies arrived to wheel Grace down to theatre. Joyce walked with them as far as she was allowed holding her daughter’s hand then bent and after kissing her daughter on the cheek walked off towards the observation room. She took a seat with George at the back. Although she wanted to be there she couldn’t bring herself to watch. Grace looked so small on the table, so vulnerable.


***


It took less than twenty minutes to get into position. From their vantage point Scooter and the other scouts could see the tiny figures of Grace and Boot creeping from shadow to shadow as they inched closer to their goal. Scooter, Vintus, and Buso were all now armed with the new weapons. They looked just like the everyday weapons they usually carried but the men had been assured by Boot that these would be much more effective against their enemy. An enemy each member of the team knew well, having fought against them for most of their lives. But they had never been able to attack the Drawl on their home ground since the creatures had found a way of hiding one dimension up. Just like they did in the human realm, by hiding somewhere in the fourth dimension they could attack the humans at whim. Only when they did this, could the cats counterattack from the third dimension. Scooter didn’t claim to understand it. All he cared about was that tonight was payback time. He gave the rest of his squad the thumbs up, and then disappeared out of sight to wait. The final rays of the sun crawled back to the horizon and an instant later night was upon them.


***


The Drawl usually came just on dusk and tonight was no exception. As Grace peered out from her vantage point, scanning for any signs of activity, she worried she might miss it because of the failing light. She needn’t have been concerned. There was that familiar tinge of blue light and with a great rush Drawl started to pour out of an area of space in the middle of the field, there were so many of them Grace couldn’t keep up with the count.
‘Here they come!’ whispered Grace to Boot. ‘There are so many of them.’ 
The Drawl seemed to materialise out of nowhere. They bunched together in little groups as if waiting for something. After the last creature had come through, the light faded and disappeared. Grace kept all her attention on the spot the light had emanated from. That’s where the anchor would be, and that’s what she would have to find so that it could be destroyed, thus trapping the evil creatures.
The Drawl separated into groups and then departed in various directions. It had been decided by Boot that the best tactic was to allow them in, destroy the anchor after they had dispersed and then, hopefully, pick them off in small groups as they returned.
With Grace confirming they had all gone, Boot crept out from the shadows. 
‘Let’s go!’ he whispered, and set off in no particular direction as he had no idea where or what he was looking for. Grace crawled on her belly out from under the boulder that had been her hiding place. She sprinted to catch up to Boot, and directed him across the field to where she had seen the blue light.
Grace was feeling around with her hands. She thought she would be able to see the anchor point but it hadn’t occurred to her that it would be so hard to see in the dark. 
‘Where is it?’ hissed Boot, his seemingly bottomless reservoir of patience under stress.
‘I can find it, just give me more time!’ snapped Grace who was doing the best she could as she groped around in the dark. She didn’t even know what this thing would look or feel like. She just hoped she would know it when she found it.
It turned out that it found her. Grace walked straight into it, catching herself above the eye. It bit into her skin with a cold bite that drew a little blood. Grace let out a startled yelp.
‘Found it!’ 
Boot came rushing over.
‘Describe it to me!’
‘Well it’s cold, and it’s small. It’s about the size of a chicken’s egg.’
‘And where is it exactly?’ asked Boot, his hand already moving towards his sword.
‘It’s right here!’ 
Boot’s sword flashed in front of Grace so close that she felt a breeze of air on her fingertip as it moved past. 
‘You could have waited for me to get out of the way,’ scolded Grace looking closely at her finger tip to see if any of it was missing. I’m sure he clipped some of my nail, she thought as she ran a finger over the rough edge.
‘Is it destroyed?’ asked Boot impatiently. 
Grace looked up from her finger and examined the two halves of the anchor now lying on the ground. 
‘Yup, it looks pretty dead to me.’ She gave it a kick to make sure.
‘All right now we wait!’ He gave a whistle that alerted his men that the mission was thus far successful, and that phase two was now in operation.
Grace and Boot began to retrace their steps to the cover they had used before the Drawl arrived. They never made it. There must have been some signal that was activated the minute the anchor was destroyed thus alerting the Drawl who were at the moment swarming over the ridge. They poured into the field and bore down on the two lonely figures.
Boot sensed the Drawl before Grace even saw them. He roared as loud as his lungs could manage and drawing his sword rushed forward to meet the invisible enemy head on. Grace now knew Boot was insane, every part of her body and mind was telling her to keep running towards cover. But maybe she was insane as well, because she found herself right behind Boot, her sword in her hand charging into a massive horde of soulless black monsters.
Scooter had seen Boot’s charge and had heard his battle cry. He leapt from his hiding place and, joined by his fellow soldiers, started to charge sideways across the field. He too could sense the invading menace. This was going to be one hell of a fight, a melee with an unseen enemy whose numbers far outweighed their own. If only we can make it through the night, he thought.
Boot’s initial attack caught the Drawl completely by surprise; they were used to seeing the cats in this dimension, but knew they couldn’t be seen. They were aware that occasionally a cat might sense their presence, but not one cat had ever been able to harm a Drawl whilst it was hiding in a dimension above theirs. So, if a creature composed almost entirely of energy had a face, the last look on that face would have been one of complete surprise as Boot’s shining sword cleaved it neatly in half. Boot didn’t stop with one. He could feel the enemy moving around him. He wanted to press home the advantage of surprise for as long as he could. His eyes were closed, and his mind was focused down to a razor’s edge. Everything was happening in slow motion. The only sound in his ears was the sound of his heart beating in sync with his breathing. He lunged, cut and slashed through half a dozen Drawl as they ran past him. The creatures, still not aware that they were being attacked, continued to come. Boot could sense the destruction, the confusion in his enemy. He could sense something else. Something he had never felt before, for the first time he sensed their fear.
For Grace the battle was more personal. She could see the Drawl even in the dark. She could see the damage Boot’s cutting edge did when he caught a Drawl on the end of it. She could see the remains of their bodies on the ground. It was littered with armour and the gooey mess of what was left of them. Grace was in a desperate situation. Right in the thick of the fighting she had no choice but to fight back. She tried to recall what Boot had told her. Stance and weight hold the sword so. Grace took a deep breath as the first of the enemy moved in to attack and she swung her sword sideways almost cleaving the creature in two. Grace wasn’t as strong with her weapon as Boot and instead of dying at her feet it staggered off mortally wounded. Grace felt dreadful and a wave of nausea overtook her as she watched it die.
Scooter had led the charge with Busu and Vintus following down behind. They attacked from the flank and carved their way through an unsuspecting enemy. They had hoped to force their way through to join up with Boot and Grace in the middle. Things started off well, with their new weapons cutting and hacking through the horde of Drawl pouring onto the field, but now the surprise was gone, and the Drawl were starting to fight back.
To do this, however, they  down to the cats’ dimension and this meant the cats could now see their prey. The Drawl fought the feline warriors with their sharp limbs, some of them carrying large flat swords of their own. Most, however, had never bothered to carry weapons on these skirmishes, as they had been untouchable until now. Those with swords fought back with matched brutality, but lacked the skill or finesse of their opponents. Slowly, however, the balance was shifting and the cats were being pressed back. Hopelessly outnumbered it was starting to look desperate.
‘Behind you!’ screamed Grace as she caught sight of a large creature bearing down on Boot with a massive black sword of its own. 
‘He’s armed too,’ she continued. Boot slipped down low and left, and drove his sword up to where he expected the creature’s midsection to be. Instead he felt nothing. 
‘Above you!’ Grace screamed, pointing out a creature still a dimension above Boot, as she fought off her own attackers. Boot’s brain was working purely by instinct, there was no time to think, and it was simply sending instructions to muscles, instructions that had been honed and polished after years of practice. What Boot did next was the result of those years and years of training. It just made sense, swing the arm around, reinforce with the shoulder and thrust. This time he did feel contact and twisting he lunged forward to finish it before the creature even had time to fully materialise.
Boot too, could sense the flow of the battle turning. He knew the enemies’ number was simply too strong. The cats would soon be overwhelmed. Tiredness would lead to mistakes, and then to death.
Grace was fatigued. She hadn’t the stamina for this. She hadn’t been trained for combat. The most physical she ever got was fighting off boys with romantic notions on school camps. She was locked in combat with an armed Drawl, who was pushing her further and further away from Boot and the others. It was swinging its sword left and right, trying to smash Grace’s from her grip. As she was pressed backwards, she tripped on a clump of grass, and the creature pressed its advantage. It loomed over her, its sword now raised above its head. Grace wanted to shut her eyes, she didn’t want to see the end coming, but they wouldn’t shut, they remained glued to her assailant. She opened her mouth to scream but the creature suddenly grabbed at its chest and fell on top of her. She kicked and struggled to free herself, and as she stood she saw the arrow protruding from the Drawl’s breast. She looked back to the ridge. Two figures stood silently with large bows in their hands. Quickly moving arrows from quiver to string, they let fly with deadly accuracy. It was Nagamitsu and Shadow.
Although now too old for the hand to hand combat, the two cats could still pull a bow string, and with the years of training each had, they were lethal. The air whined with the sounds of arrows seeking out Drawl armour. The creatures began to panic and started to break up, running around like cattle in a thunderstorm. This was the breakthrough that Boot had been praying for.
‘By the Gods! I’ll cleave you all to hell!’ he screamed, adrenaline now coursing throughout his body giving him a renewed strength. The other soldiers encouraged, made war cries of their own. Even Grace made a large wailing sound that split the air and wrought more confusion to the enemy. It certainly chilled Busu’s heart to hear it. The Drawl were falling faster now. Scooter and Vintus had managed to join up with Boot and Grace. All around them were the remains of the fallen Drawl. At that moment Boot was fighting two creatures both armed and definitely experienced. He was pressing them back, but they weren’t falling for any of his little tricks designed to draw an opponent’s weight too far forward, or over-commit a swing so leaving their mid-section exposed. These two were clever; they were working together, one trying to hold Boot’s full attention while the other attempted to sneak in with his sword tip. Fortunately their choice of weapon was poor, and no match for the speed of Boot’s. Faking a lunge Boot withdrew something from his jacket. He extended his arm forwards and let fly three sharp spikes. The Drawl tried to duck but one was too slow, the spike catching it in the neck. Boot seized the opportunity and struck it dead. The other learned the hard way not to turn its back on a cat armed with a bow and arrow one hundred and fifty metres away.
The battle continued in the cats’ favour. They bunched together making it easy for the archers to pick off the Drawl without fear of hitting their own warriors. When the final creature fell, the cats collapsed to the ground exhausted. The archers wound their way down to the small group and inspected the damage. Vintus had a nasty cut in his thigh, and Scooter had a piece of Drawl armour snapped off in his arm. Everyone else was battered and bruised but not seriously injured.
Grace’s face was sheet-white, and she vomited on the grass. Shadow rubbed her back and consoled her. 
‘It’s just a bit of delayed shock. You will be fine.’ Grace was shaking from the adrenaline and her pupils were dilated. She was covered in Drawl blood and looked disgusting. But, she was alive and apart from a small cut on the side of her head she was unharmed.
‘It was horrible!’ she sobbed, ‘I just don’t know how you do it? The smell, the noise, it’s so terrible.’ Grace wanted to be sick again but Shadow’s presence calmed her.
‘You did what you had to do. It’s what we all do. You did exceptionally well, you should be proud of yourself,’ Shadow told Grace.
Boot and the squad came over to check on her too. 
‘All right then miss?’ asked Scooter in his jocular style. He was sporting a new field dressing courtesy of Nagamitsu and was covered in sweat and blood.
‘I’ll live I’m told,’ replied Grace, a little colour returning to her face. She tried to stand and Boot and Shadow helped her to her feet.
‘You can fight with me anytime,’ smiled Vintus, hopping over to shake her hand.
‘Well I think that’s quite enough excitement for today,’ Shadow said turning, and the group started to head back towards the city. 
‘With so many Drawl killed and their gateway destroyed it should be a long time before they come back,’ Buso commented happily as he walked along with the group.
‘I think it’s time for me to go too,’ Grace whispered.

Chapter Fourteen


To remove the tumour from Grace’s head the surgeon had to perform a craniotomy. This involved the removal of a small piece of bone from her skull to allow the surgeon access. The tiny mass was then excised and taken away for analysis. The bone was replaced and the operation completed. Apart from a very small scar there would be no visible signs of the surgery. Grace was pushed out of theatre and into recovery.
‘The operation was successful and there were no complications. We removed the mass and lab reports are negative for malignancy. There is no sign of any permanent damage and we expect a full recovery within a few weeks. Grace should stay in hospital for three days, and at home for about six weeks before returning to school.’ The doctor was a woman with a very serious sounding voice and long dark hair, tied back in a tight French plait. She looked too young to be a brain surgeon.
‘So she is out of the coma?’ asked George.
‘Coma? Um, I didn’t know she was comatose,’ the surgeon replied picking up Grace’s chart and flipping through it. 
‘We removed the tumour. If that was causing the coma I can’t see why she won’t make a full recovery.’ They all looked at Grace, who was still fast asleep.
‘I would expect they will keep her sedated for a few hours until the pain wears off. I’ll have your attending physician stop by and check on…’ the Doctor’s eyes flicked up to the name on the wall, ‘Grace as soon as he can.’ And with that the surgeon disappeared, off to work on the next patient no doubt.
Joyce and George were a little disappointed. It wasn’t the news they had wanted to hear. It had never occurred to them that Grace might remain in the coma after the operation. They sat one on either side of their daughter, holding her hands and talking to her.


***


Boot and Grace walked back to the cat city in silence. Grace’s mind was still reliving the sights, sounds and the smells, the terrible smells of death. Boot had seen many battles before and knew how to deal with the trauma. He was easily able to compartmentalize the unpleasantness of it all. 
They trudged along the bright white path, which was clearly illuminated by the large full moon above. The path back wound its way through the park where Grace had seen the giant jelly fish hovering in the air. She looked up and could see them hanging silently above floating effortlessly in the night’s breeze, their massive size defying gravity. A noise in the distance told Grace that the pop fish were still active.
A lone figure stepped out of the darkness ahead of them.
‘Good evening!’ a firm voice broke the silence. Boot and Grace were startled by the stranger’s presence. Boot placed a hand on his sword hilt. Grace closed in behind Boot.
‘Who is there?’ asked Boot peering into the moonlight but unable to make out the face.
‘I’m sure that’s not as important at this minute as why am I here?’ came the reply.
‘Enough of these games, I’m in no mood. Identify yourself before I slice you in half.’ The metal on leather sound of Boot’s sword being drawn grated heavily on the air.
‘Oh I wouldn’t be too hasty there if I were you.’ As he spoke Thaal stepped into the light and the others saw his face.
Boot was weary from the battle and was in little mood for diplomacy or word games, I’ll just kill him and worry about it all in the morning after a good night’s sleep, he thought to himself with a dry smile.
‘I want the Girl. Hand her over and you will be spared.’ Thaal was lying but he didn’t care if Boot suspected that fact or not. Grace’s eyes widened and she drew closer to Boot, reaching for her own sword.
‘You will have to come and get her!’ sneered Boot, his sword raised and his mind focused. He watched Thaal intently; unsure of what he was up to. Thaal would have to know he was no match in a sword fight against Boot. So what trick did he have up his sleeve?
Thaal wasted no time in banter, he removed the object he had hidden within his robes and pointed it in Boot’s direction. Grace gasped and Boot flinched as they caught sight of the gun in Thaal’s paw. No cats used guns. They were banned and considered by all cats as dishonourable and deceitful. Anger rose within Boot. Clawing its way up from his stomach and out through his throat. Rage tinted his eyes red and he hissed loudly at Thaal. Grace noticed Boot seemed to swell in size as his fur stood up. She had never seen him this worked up before, not even during the battle with the Drawl.
Thaal lifted the weapon and aimed at Boot’s chest.
‘Drop your sword and step away!’ he commanded.
‘Never, you traitor, you’re insane,’ replied Boot with a low pitched growl.
‘Very well then, I have no long speeches, I will simply shoot you.’
‘But if you miss you might hit the girl!’ replied Boot pushing Grace further behind him.
‘Yes but she dies tonight anyway, it’s only a formality you see. Oh yes it’s nice to have a little ritual, a sacred blade and some pomp and ceremony. But all that is simply embellishment. The prophecy is clear. She dies, we are saved. So I could simply shoot you both. Last chance, drop your weapon and step away!’
Boot took a deep breath and glared coldly at Thaal. There was nothing he could do, his sword, his reflexes were no match for a gun. So this was how it would end, gunned down by a traitor, what an unsatisfactory way to end your life. Boot decided if he had to die he would do so trying to save Grace. Thaal was five meters away, Boot knew he would never make it before he was shot but that wasn’t going to stop him. He lurched forwards to attack.
Thaal followed Boot with his sight and pulled on the trigger.
Pop…
Bang. Grace screamed. The empty silence of the cold night had been torn apart by the cruel sound of the gun.
Pop…
Grace realised what had just happened. The pop fish had appeared right in front of Thaal just as he was about to fire causing his aim to drop. It was all the distraction Boot had needed and he had made the distance to Thaal before he could recover to fire again. Boot smacked him in the head with the butt of his sword. Thaal fell limp to the ground. Death would be too easy a punishment for him. He would be imprisoned in the palace dungeons for a very long time.
Grace rushed forwards as Boot slumped. A tiny splatter of blood hit the ground.
‘You’ve been hit!’ she cried checking Boot over for signs of injury. She found a wet patch in Boot’s clothing. He had been shot. She placed her palms over the wound to put pressure on it. There was more blood now, her hands were slippery and she screamed into the night.
‘Help us! Somebody help us!’
Cats appeared. Stirred by the gunshot they had rushed out of their homes to investigate the unfamiliar sound. Several large cats lifted Boot and took him away. Fredya made her way towards Grace and walked her to the hospital where Boot had been taken. Grace didn’t speak, and Fredya didn’t ask any questions, they just sat in silence waiting for news.

Chapter Fifteen


The day after the battle everyone was assembled around Yang’s lab, saying their goodbyes to Grace. Of course they could stop by anytime to see her, but they couldn’t have any meaningful conversations in Grace’s dimension.
Boot had discharged himself from hospital, against his doctor’s advice. The bullet had grazed his left side but there was no serious damage. He had a large bandage about his waist and some of his fur had been shaved off, making him look quite silly. Boot complained that it only hurt when he laughed which everyone else thought was funny.
In spite of what this small group of cats had achieved the night before against the Drawl, not many of the city’s inhabitants knew anything about it. The Emperor had sent his thanks and there was talk of a medal for the soldiers, but there was always lots of talk in government circles.
Grace said her goodbyes to Yin, shook Yang’s paw and gave Fredya a very long hug. She handed her sword and armour over to Fredya for safe keeping. There would be no explaining that away in her dimension even if she could have taken it back. 
Grace turned to Boot who had been waiting patiently for his turn to thank her for all her help against the Drawl.
‘I’m going to miss our little chats,’ Grace said wiping back a tear.
‘I’ll be around I guess,’ Boot replied.
‘But it won’t be the same, how can things be the same when I know you’re not just a pet cat?’
‘Well actually,’ said Boot. ‘There is something that should change.’
‘What’s that?’ asked Grace, her eyes quite red with tears now.
‘I don’t like chicken. I don’t mind the tuna, and the beef is fine, but no more chicken ok?’
Grace looked confused, what was Boot on about?
‘Oh and a drop of milk wouldn’t go astray every once in a while.’ The cats were all grinning now as it slowly dawned on Grace.
‘Goodbye everyone!’ she cried as she stepped into the machine. Yang closed the cover and Grace waved through the little window.


***


The light in the recovery room was turned down low. The curtains were drawn and the mood was very sombre. Lights flashed and monitors bleeped away day and night. The walls were a softer colour than the usual sterile hospital white.
Grace lay tucked up inside the hospital bed. Only her little head could be seen sticking out of the covers. Her mother sat reading a paperback in a chair. She turned the pages slowly as if deep in thought. But Joyce was far from engrossed, stopping to look up every few moments as Grace’s breathing changed or a monitor beeped. It was late and George had taken Jason home to sleep. Joyce wouldn’t leave Grace’s side and the hospital staff had set up a cot for her, but Joyce didn’t sleep much more than a few minutes. She put the novel down and reached for the pitcher of water beside the bed. Grace made a funny gurgling noise and sat bolt upright, her fingers reaching up and pulling at the tubes feeding oxygen into her nose. Joyce dropped her cup and grabbed her daughter.
‘Gracie! Oh Gracie you’re awake. You’re awake!’ Tears rolled freely down Joyce’s cheeks and splashed onto her daughter’s forehead. Grace looked at her mother, trying to speak.
‘Mum, ease up you’re crushing me.’ Her throat was parched and the words sounded like sandpaper on wood. She tried to wriggle free but Joyce just kept hugging her beautiful baby girl.


***


It took some time for Grace to be discharged. The doctors still had tests they wanted to run. It seemed like every day Grace spent in the hospital after awakening she had someone drawing blood, tapping away on her kneecap or asking her to describe ink blots. When she finally arrived home, things never really returned to normal. There were subtle little differences. The way people looked at her, the hushed whispers in the corridors at school about her hallucinations and operation. Even her friends didn’t seem as close as before. The scar on her head healed nicely and was the only physical reminder of the events that had transpired. Boot hadn’t been seen since Grace’s collapse. Grace missed Boot. She put food out every night for him but never chicken, just in case.

The End.

Grace and Boots adventures continue in volume two of the Grace Trilogy: Grace and the Revenge of the Drawl.

About the Author


Author Dale Cusack lives in Auckland, New Zealand with his wife Emily and their two cats Boot, and Dudu. When he is not writing, he likes to fish for cunning brown trout in South Island mountain streams, go running with his wife or dream up weirder plot lines for new stories. You can contact Dale by email with comments, questions and suggestions. @Drcusack or http://www.dalecusack.com or drcusack@gmail.com


Cover and illustrations by Dennis Ma

Illustrator Dennis Ma is twenty-seven. He lives in Auckland and has been drawing since he was four years old. He works as a freelance illustrator and is always open to enquiries for work. When he isn’t drawing he plays guitar and serves in a local church. Dennis can be contacted by email.
art@whoisjuan.com




Acknowledgements

The author would like to acknowledge the help and support of the following people in the preparation of this book. Thanks to David Faulkner for the many days spent reading and listening patiently to me prattle on. Thanks to Carole Ryall and Marianne Burns for their hours and hours of proof reading. Thanks also to Amanda Kong for her hours of proofing and suggestions. Thanks to Nicola Faulkner for her proof reading and encouragement. Special thanks to Amelia Turnwald for her intensive editing. And thanks to my wife Emily, for letting me off cooking dinner to write.



Grace and the Revenge of the Drawl

After her last brush with death, Grace is trying to get on with her life. But things haven’t been going well. Teased and bullied by her peers at school, her life is far from happy.  Grace tries to pursue a new love interest but his shyness threatens to bring things to an end before they have a chance to begin. 
Grace arrives home from school to find a letter on her pillow. It’s a desperate plea for help from the cats. Grace returns to find their city deserted. A massive Drawl invasion has forced the few survivors from their homes and into hiding in the surrounding forests.
The Drawl have been busy, enslaving the cats and forcing them to work. Grace finds Yin and learns of Boot’s disappearance. Together they struggle to unravel the evil creatures’ plan. But time is running out if they hope to free the prisoners and stop the invaders from completing their war machine. 
Grace continues to search for Boot refusing to believe he is dead. She will risk everything to save her friends but can she lead the cats to victory in the ultimate showdown between the Drawl and the inhabitants of their world?



Grace and the Drawl Invasion of Earth

A young college sophomore, Grace is an unlikely candidate to save the human race. But this wouldn’t be the first time this determined young woman has risked her life in battle. This time, however, things are different. Human scientists have witnessed the destructive power of the Drawl for themselves.
Driven by sheer hunger, Drawl attacks on humans have increased and become more brazen. In an audacious attack the extra dimensional creatures pour into Grace’s world.  Meanwhile chief scientist Dr Yang has copied the Drawl technology that allows them to travel between dimensions. The cats are now able to fight beside Grace in her own world.
Now, somewhere in the Australian outback, the only thing standing between the humans and the Drawl invasion is an elite band of soldiers fighting side by side with a small group of cats. In a battle that stretches across continents, Grace is hurled from one corner of the earth to another as she helps to repel the invaders. She finally comes face to face with those responsible for her amazing abilities and learns the truth about Shadow and the Nellaf.



Gwen and the Dragon

Unprepared for what they discover beneath the castle, Gwen and her twin brother Edmund race against time to save their home and prevent a war. But what other dangers are lurking underground in the dark and ancient caverns besides the enemy soldiers? Can the twins convince the King’s men it’s all real and will Edmund be in time to save his sister from a sinister fate at the hands of the evil Gort…?
Beautifully illustrated and written in a classic style with charming characters, suspense, and a hint of danger, this story will entertain children of all ages.
