

GRIEVANCE
Volume 1

Tetonia Blossom

Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2015 Tetonia Blossom



Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

The author acknowledges the trademark status and trademark owners of various products or copyrighted material used throughout this work of fiction, including the following: Wal-Mart, Skype, Axe, Reebok’s, TMZ, Patrone, Bratz Doll, Halo, Capri Sun, Google, Bluetooth, Photoshop. The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners.

For information please visit:
www.GrievanceSeries.com

Cover Art by Irene Zeleskou


Table of Contents

Episode 1
E1 Chapter One
E1 Chapter Two
E1 Chapter Three
E1 Chapter Four
E1 Chapter Five
E1 Chapter Six
E1 Chapter Seven
E1 Chapter Eight
E1 Chapter Nine

Episode 2
E2 Chapter One
E2 Chapter Two
E2 Chapter Three
E2 Chapter Four
E2 Chapter Five
E2 Chapter Six
E2 Chapter Seven
E2 Chapter Eight
E2 Chapter Nine
E2 Chapter Ten

Episode 3
E3 Chapter One
E3 Chapter Two
E3 Chapter Three
E3 Chapter Four
E3 Chapter Five
E3 Chapter Six
E3 Chapter Seven
E3 Chapter Eight
E3 Chapter Nine
E3 Chapter Ten
E3 Chapter Eleven
E3 Chapter Twelve

Episode 4
E4 Chapter One
E4 Chapter Two
E4 Chapter Three
E4 Chapter Four
E4 Chapter Five
E4 Chapter Six
E4 Chapter Seven
E4 Chapter Eight
E4 Chapter Nine
Sneak Peak: Episode
Want More?
About the Author
Connect with Tetonia Blossom





EPISODE 1



Death is not the greatest loss in life. 
The greatest loss is what dies inside us while we live.

Norman Cousins




Chapter One
Kristen/Tristin



Kristen couldn’t hide anymore. Six weeks ago she would’ve been beaming about finally being a senior, but now all she really wanted to do was climb back into bed and forget it all. But Kristen Keller wasn’t allowed to be depressed or broken. She had to pretend like her best friend, Ellie, hadn’t just died in a horrible accident and everything in her life wasn’t scary as hell. That’s what was expected of the class president. How was she supposed to address the student body when she couldn’t even figure out what to wear?
“Whatever you wear will be perfect,” Brian said from her monitor as Kristen tossed yet another shirt over her shoulder. Her closet was as disheveled as she felt and there wasn’t a single thing that didn’t remind her of Ellie.
“Should I wear black?” she asked, digging further back in her closet.
Brian watched as the hem of her gown crept up. “Yeah, try to find something way in the back.” He snickered and Kristen paused, finally feeling the cool air on her bikini briefs.
Brian cleared his throat and Kristen pulled the back of her gown down.
“Very funny. Knock it off or you’ll lose your Skype privileges.”
“I’m sorry. I’ll be good,” he pleaded.
“Try being useful. I need to hurry up and make a choice,” she said as she released her long blonde waves from a bun.

***
Tristin, her twin sister, peeked through the crack in the door. Her sister was so pathetic. It was a wonder she could even tie her shoes without someone else’s approval. She was bound to be the worst student body president in Crissana history and Tristin planned on enjoying every second of it.

***
“How about that?” Brian pointed to a white pleated skirt lying on Kristen’s bed.
She picked it up and sighed. “This is Ellie’s. I mean was Ellie’s.”
“Then it’s perfect, plus it looks good on you.”
“How would you know?” Kristen asked. She and Brian hadn’t been dating long, but he was more than she could’ve asked for in a boyfriend. He was caring, supportive, and always found a way to make her smile.
“You were wearing it the day I met you.”
“I think you’re confusing me with one of your ex’s. I was wearing a dress the day we met,” Kristen said.  
“Well, I must’ve seen you wear it some other day. I still think you should wear it.”
Kristen stared at it and grinned. She remembered getting ready for their first date with Ellie’s help and feeling way too nervous. She decided right then to try and see the good memories in the things around her. Ellie wouldn’t have wanted her to sit around moping and she certainly wouldn’t have accepted anything less than a fashionable first day of school. 
“You know you could try it on and model it for me,” Brian said.

***
Tristin grinned. She remembered that day better than either of them; He didn’t meet Kristen until later that day in the food court. It was Tristin he’d played a round of street fighter against in the Arcade and promptly asked out after being defeated. Even then she thought he was kind of cute. She enjoyed the attention she got from guys, but she’d never been attracted to one until Brian. Tristin doubted she would have ever given him a second thought if he hadn’t started dating her sister. Having him around all the time forced her to question everything she thought she knew about herself, and quite frankly, it pissed her off.
She adjusted her nude colored push up bra after dropping her robe. She did a quick flip of her hair before pushing the door open.
Kristen was pairing a pink shirt to go with Ellie’s skirt when Brian’s eyes shifted in Tristin’s direction.
Tristin gave her best pose for her slender figure as she stood in the doorway. “I’m the model in the family,” she said with a grin.

***
Kristen pulled a shoe from under her bed and flung it at her sister’s head.
“Get out!” she yelled as she rushed to turn off her web cam.
“Afraid he’ll like mine better?” Tristin asked.
“He doesn’t like dogs.”
“You shouldn’t talk about yourself like that,” Tristin said as she sat on Kristen’s outfit.
Kristen promptly shoved her off. “Get out. Now!”
“You mean you don’t want to be good little twins and ride to school together? What will your constituents think?”
“That I’d rather walk barefoot in the heat than be seen in a car with you.”
“All right fine. Don’t say I didn’t ask.”  Tristin eyed the outfit and smirked as she left.
Kristen’s phone rang on her nightstand as she made sure her bedroom door was locked before answering it.
“Hello.”
“You all right?” Brian asked.
He was still new to the KT twin wars and she was afraid it might run him off. It didn’t help that Tristin seemed more hell-bent on screwing with him than any of her previous boyfriends. Then again, Brian was the first guy she’d ever dated that the two of them hadn’t known since pre-school.
“Yeah, I should have double checked the door.”
Not that she should have to. A real sister would have been helping her pick out clothes and accessories like she and Ellie used to do. She and Tristin were more enemies than sisters which meant not even her home was safe. Kristen could never say that she hated her sister, but she didn’t have a problem admitting that she couldn’t stand her.
“Your sister is deranged.”
“Which is why I’ve changed the code word for this semester to ‘Sapphire.’”
“Don’t worry. I can always tell you two apart,” Brian said.
“And how’s that? Our own parents can’t remember.”
“My heart knows.”
Kristen smiled. He was always saying things like that to her. It took her mind off Tristin and the speech she had to give at today’s assembly.
“I can’t wait to see you,” she said, grabbing her skirt and tank top.
“Then hurry up and get dressed. I’ll meet you in the parking lot.”
“It’s weird starting senior year without…Ellie and Emmitt. He texted me this morning, asking me to reach out to Hannah.”
“I think you should. She’s your friend.”
“Not anymore. She didn’t even come to Ellie’s funeral. I will never forgive her for that.”
“You need to look at it from her perspective. She’s dating the guy who killed her best friend’s sister. Plus, if I had to bet, Sean probably talked her out of going. I still can’t believe they just let him off like that. His dad had to have paid somebody to keep him out of jail.”
“It was an accident. We all saw it. Besides, putting Sean in jail wasn’t going to bring Ellie back. I miss her so much, sitting through another memorial is going to be hard.”
“Well, you won’t have to do it alone.”
Kristen looked out the window when she heard an engine roar. Tristin pulled out of the driveway and she sighed in relief. “Good. She’s finally gone. I’ll see you in a bit.”


Chapter Two
Emmitt/Connor



Emmitt sat in front of his bedroom window, clutching a picture of his twin sister, Ellie, in his pocket. Kids of all ages were heading to school. This was usually the time when his best friend, Connor, complained about being late, while his sister ransacked his closet for something ridiculous that she and Kristen wanted to trend that week. Instead, he was alone in the room he hadn’t managed to come out of since the funeral. Emmitt couldn’t bring himself to start senior year without her. Just breathing was difficult. He’d been half of a pair his entire life and wasn’t sure he even knew how to exist on his own.
His phone rang and he climbed over to the desk to answer it.
“Hello…hello?” The caller ID read: UNKNOWN.
He grinned as he held the phone to his ear. He didn’t hear anyone on the other end, but he was comforted by who he hoped it was. “I miss you too,” Emmitt said just before the caller hung up. 
It was his first genuine smile in weeks and gave him hope that maybe there was something left to hope for. Emmitt shot off a text as he sat at his desk and logged into to his online class.

***
Connor pulled up to his girlfriend, Noelle’s, apartment and replied to Emmitt’s text. 

You don’t know it was her.
Yes I do.
We’ll discuss this later. 
How are you feeling, BTW?
Don’t worry about me. 
Go have fun with your girl.

Noelle tapped on the passenger window and he did a double take at her tight tank, dropping his phone as he fumbled to unlock the door.
“Do you like it?” Noelle asked as she hopped in. A flash of purple lace panties peaked from underneath her mini skirt. She didn’t try to hide them. Connor couldn’t take his eyes off her, until his silence caused her to scowl. 
“You don’t like it.” 
“I did not say that,” Connor said, leaning in to kiss her cheek. “You look good.”
Noelle huffed and fastened her seatbelt. “I wasn’t going for good.”
He pulled away from the curb with a smirk. Noelle was never happy with a normal compliment. She preferred the borderline offensives that he refused to give her. 
“What can I say that will make you happy?” he asked, but Noelle ignored him.
Connor slowed at a stop sign and she grinned and unbuckled her seatbelt.
“I wanted you to say hot or sexy, but I’ll guess that’s just something that you’ll have to feel.” She climbed over the console, throwing the car in park.
“What are you doing?” he asked as she climbed into his lap.
“Giving you a good morning kiss.” She gripped his hair and smashed her lips against his, resting her butt on the horn as she reclined his seat.
Connor couldn’t stop her. Not that he was trying very hard with his hands up her skirt. She was very persistent, giving him way too many mental images that he’d file for later.
“Noelle,” he said, breaking away from her wanting lips, which wasn’t easy. He wanted her more than she could ever know, but not in broad daylight.
“Don’t fight it,” she said before biting down on his bottom lip.
The cars behind them honked and Noelle ignored them. Connor knew they needed to stop. He gripped Noelle’s shoulders and pushed her back as she tried to undo the buttons on his shirt.
A tap on the passenger window caused them both to turn. 
“There are children trying to cross the street,” The crossing guard said.
Connor looked past Ms. Wells to a group of giggling elementary students waiting at the corner. 
“Sorry, Ms. Wells,” Connor said as he lifted Noelle off the horn and sat her back in her seat. 
“Horny heathens,” Ms. Wells muttered as she hobbled back to the corner.
Connor readjusted his seat as Noelle giggled and buckled her seatbelt.
“That’s not funny. She goes to my church,” he said as he drove off, buttoning his shirt.
“It was just a kiss,” she said as she applied her lip gloss. “I do a lot more if you’d let me.”
Being the son of Crissana’s most popular minister killed any chances of a private life, especially since he’d started dating Noelle. She was the furthest thing from his ultraconservative and modest life. But being with her made him happy and incredibly tempted to hand in his purity ring.




Chapter Three
Hannah



Hannah erased Emmitt’s name from her recent calls as Sean pulled up in front of her house. He rolled the window down as she approached his SUV. 
“No,” he said, causing her to pause. “You’re not wearing that.” 
She looked down at her skirt and back at him. 
“You’ve got jeans or something.”
Hannah would’ve gladly worn jeans, if she had a pair that fit. She’d lost at least fifteen pounds since the accident and hated how thin and sickly she looked.
“This was the only thing I could find that fit me.” She grabbed the door handle, but it was locked.
“You’re not going anywhere with me dressed like a slut.” 
She scowled at him and gripped the straps of her backpack. She already looked like an idiot, wearing tights and a sweater when it was ninety-five degrees before eight a.m. 
“Then I’ll walk,” she threatened as she backed away.
Sean got out and she backed up a little further, looking around at the busy street. She didn’t think he would do anything with people around, but his blowups had been off the charts lately. 
He paused a few feet in front of her with an expression she couldn’t read. Why did she say anything at all? Even if they were in public now, later they’d be alone where no one could see.  
“My bad,” he said with a grin. “It looked a lot shorter from far away.” 
Hannah wasn’t sure if she trusted him. Six weeks ago she would’ve never believed he could be so angry, let alone hit her. But now his insults and cruelty had become part of her new normal. 
“Hanns, I’m sorry. I just don’t want to end up kicking somebody’s ass for disrespecting my girl, especially today. There’ll be enough bullshit to go around with the memorial.” 
He’d always been too protective. It was even kind of cute when they were freshmen, but Hannah was tired of being his property, which was starting to feel more and more like his punching bag. “Do you forgive me?” he asked, opening his arms. 
She sighed, accepting his embrace, but her shoulders didn’t relax until he kissed her forehead and took her backpack. She hugged him tight, blaming his attitude on his nervousness about facing the entire school. 
Everyone blamed him for Ellie’s death, even the people who saw it happen. Sean’s truck may have accidentally pushed Emmitt’s car over that cliff, but it was Hannah’s fault that he was too distracted to know he was in the wrong gear.
He brushed her long dark curls off her shoulders and gripped the back of her neck as his lips trailed down her ear. His fingers wrapped around one of her curls.
“Don’t think just because there are people around you can talk to me any way you want,” he said, before he ripped a patch of hair from her scalp.
The strands felt as if they had been plucked directly from her brain. Every muscle in her body tensed as tears jerked from Hannah’s eyes. He held her face against his chest, muffling her delayed scream. 
“Now go back inside, fix your face, and while you’re at it, change,” he whispered, folding the patch of hair into her hand. He released her and Hannah quickly dried her eyes before anyone could see. “Hurry up. I don’t want to be late for school,” he said, walking back around to the driver’s side. Hannah rushed back into the house before the tears started falling again.




Chapter Four
Dax/Kristen/Hannah



Dax slipped into the janitor’s closest with his laptop and logged into his live stream surveillance of the school. It was extremely expensive and definitely illegal, but he had to be up on all the drama if he was going to reach Perez Hilton status by the time he was twenty.  
“Welcome back, Apollos.” He grinned and watched video of Noelle and Connor entering the school fixing their clothes. He grabbed his cell phone and flipped through the pictures he got of them at the crosswalk. “That’s definitely making the list,” he said, logging off.  “Time to go round up some news.” 
He peeked out the door before blending into the crowded hall. Entering his second year as Crissana’s source of news and gossip would have been something to celebrate if it weren’t for that dumbass “Careless Citizen.” He knew everyone wanted to know who was behind the letter, but anyone capable of hacking the administrator’s mailing list could just as easily find him. Dax couldn’t risk his identity as the Sun Vlogger getting out, especially now that his cameras were up and running. Fortunately, he had the shape and high-pitched voice that could easily pass for a girl, with the right accessories. Only two people knew his secret and sometimes that felt like two too many, especially since he was admittedly in love with one of them. His phone rang and he dug it out of his pocket.
“Hey Emmitt, what’s up?” Dax asked with a grin so wide his cheeks burned. 

***
Kristen pulled into the student body president’s parking space and grinned at Brian, who was leaning against the sign. Neither of them noticed Tristin, watching from her car; waiting for her moment to strike. 
“Madam President,” Brian said as he bowed for Kristen, but her eyes were fixated on the Ellie’s name plate still occupying the parking sign. Kristen wasn’t comfortable with her new title. Running for vice president seemed cool at the time; she liked working in the background. But actually being president felt like there was a permanent spotlight shining on every move she made.
Brian looked up at the nameplate and reached up to remove it. 
“No, leave it. It’s her space. I’m just filling in.”
“You have to stop thinking like that,” Brian said as wrapped his arms around her. She felt safe and warm there. “Crissana needs you. You’re a smart, caring, and more than competent leader. All you’ve got to do is own it.”
Kristen wished she believed in herself the way he did. Luckily, she was pretty good at faking confidence. “You’re right,” she lied as she straightened her posture and lifted her chin. She didn’t want to let him go, but she settled for his hand as they headed for the entrance.
“I see you wore my favorite skirt,” Brian whispered as they stepped into the buzzing hall.
Kristen didn’t have to hear the students to know they were whispering about Ellie. What was it about death that fascinated people? Ellie was the one who had died, but people felt the need to treat Kristen like the victim. She just wanted to make it to her locker without anyone asking ‘How are you doing? How are you holding up?’ Why even bother, they never wanted the real answer.  
“I’ll see you third period,” Brian said, kissing her on the cheek.
She spotted her friends standing near her locker and nodded as she slowly let go of his hand. 
 Brian headed toward Connor, while Kristen took a deep breath and fashioned a grin for her friends. 
“Code word,” Dee Dee, asked. 
“Sapphire,” Kristen whispered. 
“Good, it’s really you,” Dee Dee said. “You look cute.”
“Thanks. You too.”
Kristen’s eyes drifted to the locker beside hers, still decorated with bows and ribbons in memory of Ellie, but it was her friends’ gasps that caused her to look back. 
Tristin approached her wearing the exact same outfit, but with her hair pin on the opposite side. Kristen fought the urge to slam her locker and tried to keep calm as she approached her sister. 
“I guess that explains why you left the house before me,” Kristen whispered calmly, but sternness in her jaw gave away her real feelings. The low whispers of the students grew to grumbles. 
“I don’t think they planned this,” a student said. 
“If you weren’t so busy throwing things you would have noticed,” Tristin said to Kristen.
“You think I didn’t prepare for this?” Kristen asked, holding up her backpack.
Dax walked by snapping a photo of them with his phone. 
“That makes two,” he murmured with a grin. 
“That’s not all you should be prepared for. If you thought last year was crazy, you better transfer out now,” Tristin said before bumping Kristen’s shoulder as she walked away. That got the hallway chattering again. 
“I can’t believe it’s going down before the first bell,” another student said.  
Kristen’s chest tightened as she tried to suck in a breath. It had been weeks since her last panic attack, but she could still tell when one was coming on. She headed for the bathroom, pausing briefly at the front entrance as Sean entered, gripping Hannah’s hand.  Kristen could make out Hannah’s familiar red, swollen eyes, but she didn’t want to feel sorry for her. They’d all tried to reach out to her. It was Hannah who wouldn’t return anyone’s calls. 

***
Hannah lowered her head to avoid all the wide-eyed glares and murderous scowls. Dax nestled safely behind a group of girls, snapping pics. 
Sean squeezed her hand so tight her rings rubbed her bones. He bent down toward her ear, his hot air brushing her cheek made her shudder. “I’m sorry about earlier,” he whispered rubbing her neck, which only made her more tense. “Please don’t be mad at me. I need you to be in my corner today.” 
He squeezed her arm and Hannah sucked in a nervous breath. It was impossible to tell when or what he’d do anymore. She was shocked when he bent down and kissed her. 
“You look nice,” he said, as he rubbed her back.
Hannah looked out into the sea of students, and felt lost when she couldn’t recognize any familiar face. She tried pulling away, but Sean wouldn’t release her hand. “I—I need to go to the bathroom,” she whispered. 
“Sean, over here,” a voice called from down the hall. 
She slipped her hand free the moment he looked away. It was horrible to feel so relieved to get away from him for a minute. Hannah tried to put herself in his shoes, but the sting of her new bald spot blocked her sympathy.
“I’m gonna go say hi to the team. I’ll meet you outside the bathroom in a minute,” he said with relief in his eyes.  
Hannah nodded, happy to see he still had some friends, and also because it meant she’d get a moment to herself. She had to be the only student actually waiting for the semester to start. The three classes she had without Sean were just the break she needed. Maybe she could finally figure out how she was going to face her friends, if she had any left. 

***
Dax tailed Sean, wanting to get a real feel for the student’s reactions. He looked as cocky as ever, but Dax wasn’t buying it. There was just no way he could appear so unaffected after everything that went down.
The students cleared a path, not even wanting to touch him, except for Noelle, who turned right into his chest. 
“I’m sorry, sexy,” Sean whispered, eyeing her skirt. Noelle blushed, and looked around, probably for Connor. But Dax had already passed him and Brian on their way to the stairwell. 

***
Hannah used her compact to get a look at the bald spot in the girl’s bathroom, which immediately emptied the moment she walked in. The red patch stung and her head was pounding. She dabbed it with a wet paper towel before turning to face a reflection she hardly recognized. Her cheekbones protruded, there were dark circles under her worn and swollen eyes, and her fingers felt jittery. But more than anything she felt pathetic. 
What Sean was doing wasn’t right, but she was the one who let it happen. Emmitt used to say she was tough as nails. She had to be with two boys for best friends. They didn’t care if she cracked her skull on a skateboard ramp and didn’t think twice about farting in her face while she slept. Hannah missed who she was with them. That version of her would never let a guy dictate what she wore or how she spoke. 
But it was also the version of her who decided to break up with Sean at the bonfire. If she would’ve waited a day or even on the drive home, Ellie would still be alive. She never would’ve thought ending her relationship could literally destroy lives.  

***
The late bell rang and Kristen exited the handicap stall, adjusting a navy striped tee. She nearly tripped over her own feet when she saw Hannah standing at one of the sinks. Hannah hadn’t even bothered to turn around; she was too busy smoothing the back of her hair down. So this was how it was going to be? They may not have been best friends, but Hannah spent as much time with her and Ellie as she did with the boys.
Emmitt was going have to get someone else to do his bidding. Kristen wasn’t about to waste a second of her time on someone who wouldn’t even acknowledge she was in the room. 
Kristen turned toward the exit, but paused. On second thought, she was going to make Hannah see her. She stepped up to the sink beside her and Hannah’s nervous wide-eyed glance startled even her. Hannah really had not seen her?   
Kristen turned to the mirror to keep from staring.
“How are you?” she murmured a bit nervous. She wanted to know how Hannah could skip Ellie’s funeral. How she could choose Sean over her friends and why did she look so sick? But ‘how are you’ was the best she could do at the moment. Seeing Hannah so messed up brought on such strong memories of the three of them hanging out in Ellie’s room that saying anything else might have brought Kristen to tears.

***
It was the first words Kristen had spoken to Hannah since before the funeral and the most loaded of questions. Hannah knew how everyone felt about Sean and she didn’t think it was right. 
“All right I guess. How about you?” Hannah replied.
“About the same.”
Hannah dried her hands and hurried for the door. Sean was waiting and she didn’t want to make him later for class.
“Hannah, wait. I don’t want us to be like this,” Kristen said with a more genuine tone. 
The feedback from the P.A. system drew their attention up to the speakers, “Attention students. There will be a memorial assembly immediately following third period. Please proceed directly to the auditorium instead of your fourth period class.”
Hannah sighed, thinking about how the assembly was going to affect Sean and her friends.
Kristen turned back to the mirror, noticeably upset, and Hannah figured she must’ve changed her mind which made her even sadder.
“Neither do I,” Hannah whispered as she exited. 
Sean was waiting for her across from the restroom when Hannah came out. For a second he looked like the old Sean. The one she’d loved since ninth grade. He’d changed so much over the past year. Even before the accident he was moody and agitated, but he had never hit her until the day of Ellie’s funeral. She got up the nerve to dump him once, but now she was all he had left. She rushed to him, placing her hand to his cheek. “I’m sorry,” she whispered. 
He held her hand to his lips. 
“They all blame me,” he said.
“They’re wrong,” Hannah said. 
Hannah lifted herself onto her toes to hug him and he held her tight. She could feel tension, but she wasn’t afraid of him when he was the old Sean. 
“I could never do this without you,” he whispered. 
She kissed him, but winced when he gripped her neck.
“I’m so sorry. I am. You know that I love you,” he pleaded. 
He used to also add that he’d never hurt her again, but hearing that would always provoke Hannah’s tears. She kept thinking back to freshman year, when he walked her home from school and slipped notes in her locker. Things started changing once he once he was kicked off the baseball team. She thought it was just anger at first, but as time progressed, so did his aggression. 
“You believe me, don’t you?” he asked.
She cautiously removed his hand from her neck, hoping it wouldn’t upset him. He really did look remorseful. She couldn’t refuse the boy she loved, even if he also came with the guy she now feared, so she nodded and kissed him again. Meanwhile, Dax peeked around the corner and snapped another photo of the two of them.



Chapter Five
Connor/Tristin/Dax/Hannah



Students exited the auditorium carrying programs with Ellie’s photo on it. 
“I heard he ran her over,” one student said. 
“No, he pushed her,” another claimed. 
“You’re both wrong. It was a car accident,” a third student said.
“Regardless, she’s dead and it’s his fault. It’s so sad. I really liked her.”
“Everyone liked her,” a girl said as they all entered the cafeteria. 

***
Connor sat staring at the tabletop. The seats, once filled by his friends, were now empty. It was just him and Noelle, and she wouldn’t stop kissing his neck. 
“Noelle, please. Now is not the time.”
“It’s not a funeral,” she whispered, crawling into his lap. 
“Would you stop?” Connor said, breaking her grip on his neck. “That’s my best friend’s sister and if you don’t care about that, you don’t care about me.” 
“So that’s going to be the excuse this semester? I wonder what you’ll come up with in the spring,” Noelle said as she stood. 
“I have a lot on my mind.” 
“Yeah, and it’s obvious none of it has to do with me,” she said and walked away. 

***
Tristin studied the door as her friends gossiped. 
“Tristin, you were there that night. What happened?” Emily asked. 
Kristen and Brian entered holding hands. Tristin rolled her eyes as he pulled out a chair for her sister. Kristen was everyone’s favorite, including their parents, and Tristin hated her for it. 
She was constantly being mistaken for her. It didn’t help that they even sounded alike. How did other twins stand it? Everyday Tristin had to watch someone live the life she wanted. She’d tried everything to force Kristen out of Crissana High, leaving Tristin an opening to get closer to Brian. Tristin thought he was cute when they first met, which was weird since she’d never been into guys before. Something changed when Kristen started dating him and not just the type of envy she felt when Kristen got something better than her. It was like being possessed or something.
“Tristin did you hear me?” Emily asked again. 
Tristin turned to her friends, ignoring their curious faces, “I need your help grabbing my sister’s phone,” she said peeking over her shoulder to Kristen’s backpack sitting under her table. “Quinn, you’re going to grab her phone from her bag when I tell you to.”
“Why me?” Quinn asked. 
“Because you’re practically invisible,” Tristin said, eyeing her Wal-Mart inspired outfit. 
“Don’t you think it’s too soon to start messing with your sister, wasn’t Ellie like her best friend?” Emily asked. 
“Look, I get that this is scandalous news to you all, but it’s time for us all to move on, and that starts with getting my sister the hell out of here.”
“I don’t get it. Why do you hate your sister so much?” Quinn asked.
Tristin turned and looked at Kristen, “Because the bitch has my face.”

***
Dax covered his car windows with sun protectors as the AC kicked on. He hated vlogging from his car, but he hadn’t found a safe place on campus to broadcast from. 
“Shit. I can’t be late for my first show of the semester,” he said, checking his teeth in the mirror. He opened his laptop in his passenger seat and adjusted the web cam hanging from his rearview mirror. When his blog came up, he threw on a purple wig and a pair of oversized sunglasses before covering his head with a rhinestone hoodie.
Inside, the students crowded around their iPads and smart phones, eagerly waiting for the day’s gossip. 
“Hello, my little sun gods and welcome newbies.  For those of you who haven’t met me, I am the Sun Vlogger, bringing you real drama in real time. We have tons to talk about and not a lot of time so let’s jump right in,” he said, checking out his window for campus security. 
“Okay, so yes we’re all sad and blue about the death of the fabulous Ellie Lawson, but after that horrible excuse for a memorial assembly, I needed to start with a little pep and what better way than our own Crissana version of ‘Bitch stole my look’,” Dax said as the photo of Tristin and Kristen in the hall popped up. 
“Yes, no one does this better than the KT twins. Kristen doesn’t look too happy with her sister, but even I have to admit that together they make one hot vanilla sandwich. I think that at least deserves a ‘who’d you rather’ poll.” The photo split in half. “Click your pick,” he said.

***
In the cafeteria, students laughed and chattered as they clicked on their favorites.
“You better be voting for me,” Tristin whispered to her friends.
“I know the choice is tough, Kristen has class, but Tristin’s lesbian status makes her instantly thirty percent hotter and thus the winner is simple,” Dax said.
Kristen’s picture dissolved, leaving Tristin with sixty eight percent of the votes. 
Tristin smirked as she tried to act like she didn’t care. Honestly, she’d take any victory she could get.

***
“And in couples news, sweethearts Noelle and Connor can’t seem to keep their hands off each other,” Dax said as the photos from the crosswalk came up. 
Connor hid his face as the boys whistled at their steamy slideshow.
“We’ve all heard about preacher’s kids, but in front of the minors Connor? I’m both ashamed and proud, my friend. You’ve come a long way from the chess club.” 
The guys applauded. Connor looked annoyed and stepped outside. 

“But what I’d really like to turn your attention to is today’s Dunce award, which despite objections, I’ve decided to give to Ms. Hannah Marcourt,” Dax said as the photos he’d taken of Hannah and Sean streamed.

***
Sean gripped Hannah’s hand as she noticed people glaring at her. 
“This girl really stands by her man, even after he killed her best friend, allegedly. Now before Sean’s dad sic’s his lawyers on me, let me say that according to the police investigation, Sean accidentally backed into Emmitt’s car, sending it over the edge of the ever popular Cliffs. He didn’t have any alcohol or drugs in his system and no charges have been made. However, close to seventy-five percent of the student population still blames him.”
The accusation was clear on the faces scowling toward Hannah and Sean’s table. Hannah gripped his hand back. 
“Better stick close to what little friends you have left. But that’s not the only reason why Hannah gets the Dunce award. It’s the fact that her boyfriend is a proven cheater. For those of you who haven’t seen it, check out last spring’s exposé of the four statements given by girls he cheated with. Hannah, we know you feel sorry for the dude, but seriously you look like the dumbest girl walking,” Dax said. 
Hannah pulled her hand away; Sean threw down his fork and stomped off. They could never escape Sean’s past with the Sun Vlogger around. It looked like yet another semester of his campaign to break them up. There were too many eyes on her to go after him. The last thing she wanted to do was end up in tomorrow’s report. 

***
“Before I get into to my final story. I want to take a moment to address the little letter that went out to all the freshmen. I’d like for you all to know that I had nothing to do with it. I mean come on, I live off the drama. Why would I warn people against it? So ‘Careless Citizen’ beware, if you’re thinking of making a power play, you have no idea who you’re messing with. It’s not if I find you, it’s when.”
Dax cleared his throat. “And now my final story. A tribute to one of my favorite girls, Ellie Lawson. Here’s a few photos the regular memorial wouldn’t and couldn’t show you. “
Photos taken of Ellie before the accident streamed and everyone crowded even closer to get a better look.

***
Tristin watched as Kristen looked up to see a picture of Ellie, Hannah, and herself and turned away. Brian scooted his chair closer, holding her hand under the table. 
A photo of Emmitt and Connor appeared and Hannah grabbed her backpack and headed for the same exit Sean took. 
Tristin signaled for Quinn to move in, when Kristen started tearing up. 		
“Let’s get some air,” Tristin heard Brian say as he took Kristen’s hand. 
He walked her toward the exit, but Tristin cut them off. 
“You all right?” she asked, trying to sound sincere, while Quinn slipped under the table. Everyone was too distracted by the photos to notice her. 
“As if you care,” Kristen said. 
“Look, it’s a rough day and I was just checking to see how you are,” Tristin said as Quinn searched Kristen’s bag. Kristen didn’t have any pockets; it had to be in there.  
“I’m just taking her outside for a minute,” Brian said.
Quinn held up the phone and Tristin smiled. 
“Well, allow me.” Tristin opened the door for them and Kristen eyed her suspiciously. 
Gasps rang out all over the cafeteria as the slideshow stopped on a photo of the coroners loading a body bag into their van.

***
Dax closed his laptop and pulled off his wig, feeling pretty proud of himself. He watched campus security search the parking lot. “One of these days you’re going to get your ass caught,” Noelle said as she climbed in the backseat. 
“Didn’t I tell you to stop coming out here?”
“I don’t see why you can’t just tape your vlogs the night before.” 
“Because drama is best served fresh,” he said. “P.S. you looked hot this morning.” 
“Thank you.”




Chapter Six
Kristen/Tristin/Hannah



The bell rang and everyone rushed the exit. Kristen and Brian made their way out to his car. 
“I could hang around and help you de-stress,” he said, rubbing her shoulders.
“Very tempting, but this is going to take a while.” She grinned and kissed him.  “How about I call you when I’m done?”
“Go on then, the faster you get started, the sooner I’ll get to kiss you again,” Brian said.
If only it were that easy. Kristen had an event planning meeting with her veeps, a speech to write, and committee chairs to assign, on top of three chapters to read before tomorrow. Being president was a way bigger job than she’d anticipated. 
She passed her sister on the way back inside and Tristin threw her a grin that made Kristen’s stomach sink. Tristin’s earlier threat was still on Kristen’s mind, but she didn’t have the time or energy to deal with her. 
“Give it a rest, would you?” Kristen asked. 
“I will once you’re gone.” 
“Do you not get it? I’m student body president, which means I own this place. If you can’t deal, maybe you should transfer out.” 
Tristin grinned and whispered, “There’s the bitch no one else sees but me.”
“What can I say, you bring it out of me,” Kristen said before walking away.  

***
Tristin was almost giddy as she hopped in her car. For months, she’d been plotting how to crush her sister and today was finally the big day. She also had the added bonus of getting Brian out of her head for good. He was all she could think, even dream about. And she was so not the type of girl to be fantasizing over a boy. Hell, she was the subject of most boy’s fantasies, especially when she and her girlfriend, Chelsea, went out together. But it wasn’t as fun anymore. Instead, she spent their weekends together grinning at the daydreams playing in her head. 
Tristin pulled out Kristen’s phone and typed a speedy text to Brian.

Finishing earlier than I 
thought, meet me at my 
house in 30? 
Hell yeah :)
 
Tristin’s grin was so big her cheeks blushed as she drove by Hannah on her way out of the parking lot.

***
Hannah searched the rows of cars for Sean’s SUV, but it wasn’t there. She hadn’t seen him since lunch and was beginning to worry.  He’d undoubtedly be waiting for her when she got home. So she took advantage of the break. He never let her out of his sight. She couldn’t go to visit her friends or even talk to them on the phone anymore. Even with him constantly around, she had never felt more alone. 
She turned toward the street when Connor stepped out from in between two cars. She stared at him for a moment, but the pain of missing him caused her to head the other direction. 
“Hannah,” Connor said, causing her to pause. 
Despite her effort not to, she turned and watched him approach. 
“We’ve been friends too long for you to just walk away from me,” he scolded. 
“I’m sorry. I—I just don’t know what to say to any of you.”
“Not even to me?” Connor asked stepping closer. 
Only a few inches stood between them and Hannah couldn’t help but look around for Sean. 
“None of us are the same without you. I’m not the same without you.” 
Hannah missed the girls, but Connor and Emmitt were her best friends. They’d spent nearly every day together from third grade up until the night of the accident, and they were the hardest for her to lose. Tears trailed down her cheeks.
Connor opened his arms to hug her, but Hannah stepped back, holding herself. 
“I’m all right,” she said drying her eyes. 
“Let me give you a ride home.” 
“No, I want to walk and clear my head.” Hannah walked past him, heading for the street. She didn’t look back, even though she wanted to. There was a time when Emmitt and Connor were her protectors. They were better than brothers, better than friends. They knew her in a way no one else did, and she worried if they stared at her long enough, they’d know what she’d been going through.




Chapter Seven
Tristin/Hannah



Tristin and Brian feverishly felt one another up on Kristen’s bed. She’d severely underestimated how much she would enjoy kissing him. She’d kissed boys before, but it was always just for fun. This was something more. Being there in his arms made her crave more. She pulled off his shirt and sat on his stomach getting a good look at him. His skin was smooth and hairless, but it was so much rougher than Chelsea’s. Male or female, she couldn’t deny a beautiful body. 
“You must’ve really wanted to see me,” Brian said kissing her neck. “I’m almost tempted to ask you for the code word.” 
Tristin pushed him back and pulled off her own shirt. “Are you trying to say my sister is sexier than me?” She was secretly grinning inside. He was a boy; of course he thought she was hotter. 
“No. I would never think that.” 
Tristin leaned in and gave him a gentle kiss. “Good, because you’d be surprised the things I can do.” 
Brian gripped her face and looked her in the eyes and Tristin paused wondering if he’d figured it out. “You know I love you, don’t you?” he asked. 
Tristin, caught off guard, placed her hands on top of his. He looked at her and she thought for a second he might actually be talking to her. 
“I love you too,” she replied with too much honesty in her voice. She shook it off, there was no way she had real feelings for him. He was just a pawn in her revenge, but she couldn’t deny the way his lips quivered on her skin and the bliss in his touch.
He flipped her onto her back and Tristin let herself and her plan melt away under the weight of him.

***
Hannah turned the corner to find Sean’s SUV parked in front of her house. She pulled in a deep breath before heading for her front door. 
She unlocked the door and heard his footsteps approaching. He pushed it open without even asking if he could come in. 
“Where were you?” he asked as Hannah fought the urge to roll her eyes. The last thing she wanted to do was upset him behind closed doors. “I’ve been waiting here for ten minutes. What took you so long?” 
“I looked around for you for a while before I started walking.” 
“Why didn’t you call me?” he asked.
Hannah didn’t have an answer. The truth was that she preferred the walk, even in the heat. “I didn’t want to bother you.” 
“You’re lying,” he said grabbing her arm. “You ditched me just like everyone else!”
“No I didn’t,” she said with a wince. “I—I’d never do that.” She tried to hug him, but he wouldn’t let go of her arm. 
“You think you know what it’s like!” he yelled. “All day, people whispering and pointing at me, calling me a murderer.”
“I’m sorry,” Hannah cried. “I should have called you. I’m sorry.” 
Sean opened his eyes and released her. Hannah held her arm as she tried to catch her breath. She stared at the ground, not wanting to meet his eyes. This was the new Sean, the one who did nothing but hurt and control her. She hated him. 
Sean reached for her face and her flinch caused him to pause and fall to his knees. 
“I’m sorry. I—I didn’t mean it. I didn’t mean any of it I just don’t know what to do.” He pulled her in by her waist. “I just want you to love me like you used to. I want to be the person I used to be.” 
Hannah wished for the same things. All the years they’d been together. All the good they shared. She just wanted that back. She wiped a tear from his cheek. 
He stood and held her to his chest, only there wasn’t any force in his grip. He kissed the bruise taking shape on her arm and each of her cheeks before pressing his lips to hers. Hannah put the last nine months out of her mind and did the same thing she’d grown accustomed to doing, pretending he was the Sean she once loved. When his hands gripped her, walking her backwards down the hall and into her bedroom, she conjured up all the memories of when they used to make out for hours on that very bed. How her heart used to race at his touch, but all the fantasizing in the world couldn’t work past the moment when he unbuttoned her jeans. 
“I can’t,” she whispered into his neck, praying the rejection didn’t anger him all over again. “I love you, but I can’t.” 
Sean stared into her eyes a long moment before he rested his head on her chest. Hannah exhaled in great relief. It was the only “no” he still honored and she feared the possibility of a day when he wouldn’t.




Chapter Eight
Connor/Tristin/Kristen



Connor had circled the school twice looking for Noelle. He knew she was upset, but she couldn’t have walked. It would take her more than an hour to get home. Even while worried about Noelle, Connor couldn’t get Hannah out of his head and it was apparent by the six missed calls, neither could Emmitt.
“How was she?” Emmitt asked.
“I can’t really say. I only talked to her for like a minute.” 
“Well how did she look?” 
“Thin and nervous. She kept looking around the whole time and she wouldn’t even let me give her a ride home.” 
“It’s because of him. I know it is.” 
“I don’t know man. Hannah’s not the type of girl to let some guy control her.”
“Well, you’ve got to do something to get her alone. Something’s not right. She should’ve called or texted or messaged by now.”
“She said she didn’t know what to say to any of us.” 
“It doesn’t matter. Tie her ass up and drive her over here!” Emmitt yelled.
“You want me to kidnap her? Now you’re losing it. What you need is to come outside. I bet if she saw you she wouldn’t run.” 
Connor spotted Noelle walking down the street and pulled over. “Hey, I got to call you back.” 
“Why?” Emmitt asked. 
“Noelle stuff, I’ll call you later.” Connor hung up and hoped out the car. 
He caught up with Noelle and she looked back and rolled her eyes. 
“What do you want?” she asked.
“I just wanted to apologize.” 
“I don’t want your sorry,” Noelle said as she stopped and turned toward him. “I want you to want me. It seems like you’re always pushing me away.” 
She folded her arms and looked around. Connor knew what she wanted, and the more time went by the more she threw herself at him. He wished she’d relax a little, then she’d see they both wanted the same thing. 
“Noelle, I want you. You just have to give me time to do it my way.” 
Noelle rolled her eyes and continued walking. “I’m sick of being on your time, waiting for when you’re ready. You don’t control me.” 
Connor grabbed her arm, pulling her in for a hug. “I don’t want to control you, and I don’t mean to make you so unhappy.” He pressed his lips to her cheek as his hands slid down her back and grabbed her butt. “Did I mention how much I love your ass in this skirt?”
“Do you really mean that?” she asked almost excited.
Connor squeezed her tight, and let his lips convince her. 

***
Tristin helped Brian with his shirt as he kissed her bare shoulder. 
“You were amazing,” she said. “But you better go before my sister gets home.” 
Brian brushed the hair from her face and kissed her goodbye. Tristin all but exploded with nerves. She never expected him to be so good, or for her to like it more than any girl she’d ever been with. As much as she wanted him to leave, she couldn’t keep her hands off him. 
“I lov—” 
“What am I going to have to do to shut you up?” Tristin asked, cutting him off.
 She couldn’t fool herself into believing the words were meant for her. This whole thing had gotten so twisted, but she wouldn’t dare take it back. What they’d shared was the best thing she’d ever experienced and she didn’t want it to end. She stared at him, glancing to check the time. Kristen would probably be at school for another hour, which meant they had time.
“How about a repeat?” she asked, pulling his shirt off again. 
He replied by tossing her back onto the bed as she giggled. 

***
Kristen had looked everywhere for her phone and prayed for it to be sitting on her desk. Her whole life was in that phone and she didn’t know any numbers by heart, not even Brian’s. She’d dialed ten different numbers from the school office, none of which turned out to be his. At this point she just wanted to crash. 
The first day of school felt more like a month, and Kristen had no idea how she could possibly keep up. She froze at the giggling coming from her bedroom door and pushed it open ready to bust Tristin for snooping around her room yet again, but as soon  as she saw Brian, shirtless and kissing her sister, her brain collapsed. His eyes darted between the two of them as Kristen backed into the door. Tristin’s mouth dropped and her hands trembled as she sat up to wrap herself in Kristen’s sheets. 
“Kristen?” Brian asked as he pushed Tristin off his lap. 
“How could you?” Kristen screamed as he approached her. 
“I thought she was you. You—she—texted. You have to believe me. Kristen, you know I would never—” 
“Get out!” Kristen bent over to catch her breath and when she came back up her enraged eyes locked on her sister. Kristen charged the bed, catching Tristin by her hair. 
“I hate you! I hate you!” Kristen cried as she kicked and clawed at her sister.
“Get off me. It’s not my fault that he wanted me,” Tristin said, prying her hair out of Kristen’s grip.
“That’s a lie. She tricked me,” Brian said as Tristin hid behind him. 
Kristen slapped him across the face. Then she cursed as she snatched up her bags and ran out.


Chapter Nine
Dax/Emmitt



Dax entered his room, tossing his bags on the bed. He sat down at the desktop, checking his surveillance again.
“Let’s see what we have for tomorrow’s vlog.” 
He fast forwarded through the footage and paused at two students making out in the stairwell. His mouth dropped when he realized it was Sean and Noelle. 
“Oh, this is going to be good,” he said, fast forwarding through the footage of the other cameras. He caught the two in the parking lot getting into Sean’s SUV and driving off during sixth period. 
He grinned as he pulled out his phone and dialed Emmitt. 
“Hello?” Emmitt answered. 
“I’ve definitely got something, but you’re not going to be happy when you hear it,” Dax said. 

***
Emmitt sat on the edge of his bed, questioning whether he should do this to Hannah. He had to get her away from Sean. It was the only thing he could focus on. He was just about to tell Dax to go ahead when his computer chimed that he’d gotten a new email. Emmitt moved to his desk chair and there was a message from “Careless Citizen.” 
“Did you email me something?” he asked Dax.
“No. Why?”
Emmitt opened the email and inside was a photo of Sean taking some pills with a caption underneath: I thought you’d want to know.
“I’ve got to call you back,” Emmitt said, hanging up the phone before Dax could reply. He studied the date on the photo “07/18/15”, the night of the bonfire. Just seeing it in writing shortened his breath.
The photo was of Sean standing between two cars, completely unaware of the camera, he held a poorly concealed prescription bottle to his mouth. Emmitt couldn’t say he was surprised. Sean had been pretty messed up after being cut from the baseball team. It wasn’t until Emmitt blinked that he noticed the couple making out in the background. They were more than four cars back and leaning against a tree. 
Emmitt thought he’d taken Hannah to a place no one would see them, but clearly he was wrong.



EPISODE 2



The cruelest lies are often told in silence.

Robert Louis Stevenson





Chapter One
Kristen/Emmitt/Dax



After hours of driving around, Kristen’s autopilot must’ve kicked in, because she ended up parked outside Ellie’s—scratch that—Emmitt’s house. She felt stupid going to him with her boy troubles when he was still trying to figure out life without his sister and even more embarrassed by that fact that he was technically one of her ex’s. 
Their attempt at dating only lasted a couple of weeks, which neither of them ever brought up again. It was the whole best friend’s brother crush, and way too incestuous to ever last. Ellie’s house was the place Kristen ran to when Tristin was tormenting her, and she honestly didn’t have anywhere else to go. His light was on so he had to be up, but she still took a few minutes to replay the sight of Brian and Tristin in her bed. The last thing she wanted to do was cry in front of Emmitt, he had seen enough tears over the past few weeks.
She should have seen it coming. Tristin barging in on their Skype session, then showing up with the same outfit should’ve tipped her off. Kristen thought twins were supposed to have creepy connections like sensing what the other was up to, but even if that were the case she and Tristin wouldn’t have it. They must’ve offended god and were spiritually separated at birth. She knew Tristin didn’t want her around, but to go as far as to sleep with Brian, proved how much Tristin really hated her. She didn’t even like boys.

***
Emmitt enlarged the photo on his monitor. His intensions were to tell Hannah how he’d felt, but in that moment he just decided to go for it. Maybe he was just being paranoid, but it felt like if he didn’t kiss her right then, that he might not have ever gotten the chance again. Plus, she freakin’ kissed him back, sort of. Emmitt honestly didn’t know what to believe anymore. He didn’t even remember how or why he’d fallen for her, but he’d never forget the day. 
It was Christmas Eve night and she showed up early to help him and Ellie decorate their tree. Her mom didn’t see the point in wasting the money, but Hannah loved Christmas. She looked like an angel that night, covered in tinsel and popcorn strands. From the moment she climbed through his window he kept trying to figure out what was different about her. They’d shared their first kiss under the mistletoe Ellie sneaked above his door. The moment he touched her lips, she became a different person. She was still the same Hannah who dared him to jump off his roof in sixth grade, and later drew penis pictures on his leg cast, only now he wanted to kiss her, a lot. 
It’d been nearly two years, and one failed attempt on Dax’s part to break them up. The bonfire was finally Emmitt’s chance. Two seconds, that’s all it would’ve taken to say ‘I love you.’ Instead they spent it carrying a barely conscious Ellie to his car. If he had told Hannah how he felt instead of kissing her, or had taken Ellie home when she asked, his entire world would be different now.  
The tap at his window dragged Emmitt back to reality. He locked his computer, feeling like the world’s biggest jerk for making his situation with Hannah as big as the loss of his sister. They were the greatest parts of his heart and he’d failed them both that night.  He rushed to the window, thinking it was Connor, and paused when he saw Kristen's tearstained face looking up at him.
"Kris, what are you doing here?" he asked as he opened the window, helping Kristen and her bags inside.
"I don't want to bother you. I just don't have anywhere else to go."
“You’re not. What’s going on?”
Whatever it was had her shaking. It couldn’t have been the weather. The heat was still rising from the scorched ground.
“I—I…” She started. He knew she was on the verge of tears and pulled her in for a hug. Kristen never cried, not in front of him anyway. She latched onto him like her knees were about to buckle and he took her bags and sat her down on the bed. 
“I’m sorry,” she whispered with a sniffle. “I didn’t have anywhere else to go.” 
“You can always come here. You know that,” Emmitt said as his phone rang. Kristen pulled away from him, wiping her eyes and he snatched up the phone and turned it off. 
“Do you mind if I stay? I’ll be gone first thing in the morning.”
“You never have to ask. Do you want to talk about it? Is it Tristin?” He took her crashing into his bed in tears as a yes. 
The two of them were a different breed of twins to say the least. He and Ellie used to have their battles, but Kristen and Tristin would fight until one of them had to be forcibly removed. Separately, they were awesome girls; there wasn’t a single person in school or town who didn’t like them. They just seemed to hate each other so much that it made being in the same social circle volatile. 
Watching her crying into his pillow made him miss Ellie so much. Sure she could be annoying at times, but he liked being her big brother, even if it was only by four minutes. She would lie in that very spot crying about some boy or a fight she had with their mom and he would make silly faces or tell some gross joke to make her laugh, but he knew that wouldn’t work on Kristen, so he turned out the lights, curled up next to her, and let her cry it out. 

***
Dax tried to call Emmitt back, but his phone kept going to voicemail. The news of Noelle and Sean was too explosive to just sit on. Who would have thought he would find a story so huge on the first day of school, and he knew he was the only person who had it. Then he got the idea of holding on to it for awhile. It would be the perfect exposé for sweeps, otherwise known as homecoming. 
Plus, there was the very small part of him that felt bad for what it would do to Hannah and Connor. Both needed a good slap across the face. Everyone knew the two of them belonged together. They’d won the fantasy couple polls two years straight and they both had the whole virgin thing going for them, despite what Noelle led everyone to believe. Dax knew she and Connor were a bad match when he set them up. Noelle was a natural shit-starter and Connor needed a little spice in his otherwise bland life. The kid was majorly boring, but too good of a guy to cheat on. 
Dax didn’t take kindly to cheaters, especially after his own ordeal with his ex, Kenny.  Granted it was back in the eighth grade, but it still hurt.  
There was also the timing of it all. A big blowup so soon after Ellie’s death would be considered tasteless and Dax didn’t want to start the year off on a bad note. The first rule of creating scandals was having impeccable timing and the second was gaining indisputable proof. What he needed was evidence that wouldn’t get him arrested or expelled from school.   
His phone buzzed and he tried to think of an excuse he could tell Emmitt, but when he checked the new message it was from an unknown number.
 
Back off before you
find yourself the one
being exposed Dax :o) Oh
and next time you want
to use me as a storyline
for your vlog, don’t-CC

“Is that supposed to scare me?” Dax asked with a grin as he put down his phone. “Let’s see if you’ll still feel careless when I make you viral bait.”


Chapter Two
Kristen/Emmitt



The next morning, Kristen woke in Emmitt’s arms, dehydrated from crying. He held her head to his chest as protective and brotherly as she imagined he had done countless times for Ellie. It was so comforting that she didn’t want to move, but she had to get ready for school. There was no way of moving that wouldn’t wake him, so she patted his chest, and he took a deep breath. 
“You all right?” he asked, sounding half asleep. He squeezed her tight, kissing her forehead and she wondered if he knew who he was holding. 
Kristen nodded and pulled away to look up at his eyes. He was looking right at her.
“I’m so sorry about last night,” she said, scooting off his bed. 
“Don’t worry about it. Turns out I needed the company,” he said with a stretch and yawn. “I haven’t gotten much sleep since…you know.” 
Kristen felt like such an ass. She never even thought about coming over and staying the night with him. She was too busy in la-la land over Br… Even thinking his name made her clench her fists.
“I’d be happy to move in if you’d like,” she joked.
“Stay as long as you need,” he said, rolling onto his side. When he closed his eyes Kristen saw his dark circles more clearly. He really hadn’t been sleeping.  
“Seriously, thank you for letting me stay and for not asking. How can I make it up to you?”
He opened one eye and raised an eyebrow and Kristen smacked him on the leg.
“Actually, I do have some stuff I was going to ask Connor to get for me, but if you don’t mind.”
“Whatever you need, just write it down and I’ll bring it back after school, if it’s all right if I come back. I know you have a lot going on and I don’t want to impose.” 
“Kristen,” Emmitt barked. “Do I need to engrave the window seal for you to believe me?”
She shook her head and grinned as he closed his eyes. She didn’t want to disturb him, but she couldn’t help but peck him on the cheek. “Thank you.” 
“Whatever, back off before you give me cooties, again.” Emmitt grinned.

***
When Kristen went into the bathroom, Emmitt shot up and rushed to his computer. A good night’s sleep was just what he needed to think of a way to deal with the photo. He hurried to type a reply to the Careless Citizen: How do I know this is even real? You could have photo shopped it.
He was going to need more than a mysterious photo to prove Ellie’s death wasn’t an accident and he planned on keeping the whole thing hush until he got it. He went back to bed, hoping he could get some more sleep. He had no idea Kristen being there would actually help him relax. Plus, she could get him some much needed supplies. His mom had been pushing the idea of him leaving his room, which he wasn’t ready to do. He knew her too well to believe she wouldn’t use her military training on him. 
He added a few more things to his list and left it on top of Kristen’s bag. His mom wasn’t the only one who knew how to prepare for battle..


Chapter Three
Dax/Kristen



Dax watched his live stream footage, searching for stories that fit his vlog theme for the day. The same janitor’s closet looked untouched since yesterday and would be a perfect broadcast spot to keep him out of the heat. With a few curtains and a tripod, it would be almost impossible to pinpoint his location. 
The halls looked dull, which was bad news for him. If he couldn’t find the stories, he would be forced to open a rumor board. With nothing better going on he turned his attention to Noelle and Sean. Both had arrived with their significant others. Sean and Hannah were whispering to each other near her locker and from the side Dax could really see how sickly she looked. Her eyes were puffy and she was wearing a sweater when it was easily one hundred degrees outside. She didn’t look anything like the Hannah they all knew. 
She was hands down one of the most beautiful girls at Crissana and Sean was an unworthy bastard. Dax never liked him, which probably had more to do with Emmitt’s hatred of him than Dax’s own. Plus, anyone who could accidentally kill a girl and turn around and cheat on his girlfriend this fast had some serious issues.
Noelle and Connor were working up a sweat at his locker. The two of them took PDA to a whole new level, which used to be hot, but now it was just sad. Dax was jittering in his seat as Hannah and Sean walked by them. He prayed for a glance, smirk, or anything between Noelle and Sean that would confirm that their affair was still on. A onetime hookup was newsworthy, but an affair was history making. The two of them had the potential to bring Crissana to its knees and Dax wanted to be the conductor of the demise. 
Connor also hated Sean, which was very unusual considering he got along with everyone. He was humble, kind, and understanding, but Dax always believed there was a beast hidden under those vests and skinny ties. 
Sean and Noelle didn’t even acknowledge each other, but he did see Connor’s quick glances at Hannah, who was trying not to be seen glancing back. Dax was just about to give up when he noticed papers falling in the stairwell. 
It was Kristen and Brian. Most people couldn’t tell the difference between KT twins, but Dax had screwed up enough stories to learn their individual tells. Tristin often wore a scowl and her wardrobe was edgier than her sisters, who was a definitely trend setter usually cheery. Only today she and Brian both looked like hell. Her hair was flat, while his shirt looked as if it’d been slept in. However, it was Kristen’s pushing him away that caused Dax’s eyebrow to raise. “Trouble on Lover’s Lane?”
He watched as Brian tried to help her collect her things. She clearly didn’t want his help. 
“I should’ve sprung for the cameras with the mikes,” he said, watching their body language.

***
 “Please, just let me help you,” Brian pleaded as Kristen collected her things. Having him so close, made her chest collapse. She just wanted to be left alone, or as close to alone as she could get, but instead he was there, drawing everyone’s attention to the fact that they were no longer together. 
Yesterday he was the guy she loved and now he made her nauseous. All the stress was going to irritate her ulcers and she didn’t even have her pills. Sure, Tristin may have manipulated him into sleeping with her, but he should’ve known. Kristen was nothing like her sister and the fact that Brian slept with her had to mean that he liked Tristin’s version better, and that was unforgivable. 
“Kristen, please, just hear me out,” he said, blocking her from going upstairs. “Please?” 
She couldn’t look at him, not without crying, and she refused to let him see her tears. When Kristen turned to go downstairs, Tristin turned the corner. She was sandwiched between them and was now definitely going to be sick. Her stomach churned, thinking of the two of them together, in her bed of all places. Kristen sprinted down the stairs and bulldozed through the crowd heading for the bathroom. 
Once inside, she headed right for the handicap stall, where she dropped everything and covered her mouth before anyone could hear her sobbing. 

***
Dax was all smiles as he watched the standoff between Tristin and Brian in the stairwell. Between their scowls and the way Kristen bolted, there was most definitely a story there. Brian eventually turned and went up the stairs without speaking to Tristin, who looked honestly disappointed to see him go.




Chapter Four
Kristen/ Connor/Dax



Kristen tried to eat her lunch in peace, but could feel Brian watching her from across the cafeteria. He was sitting with Connor and Noelle, but his chair faced her. 
She gave up after a couple of bites of her salad and was getting up to throw it away when Tristin came over and sat her cell phone and prescription bottle on the table. 
“I thought you might need these,” Tristin said with an uncomfortable air of concern. “I covered for you last night, but the parentals will be expecting a call if you stay out another night.” 
She had no right to act concerned after what she did. Kristen was so furious her hands were trembling. What was Tristin planning now? Did she poison her medication? Or used her phone to hack into her email again? Kristen knew Tristin wanted her gone, but she always believed there were limits to her madness. That obviously wasn’t the case anymore. 
Kristen stood, grabbing her tray and in a flash of rage she shoved it in her sister’s face. “Stay the hell away from me,” she yelled. 
The room fell silent and Kristen looked around at the stunned faces and camera phones aimed at her. Her wide eyes met Brian’s, who was out of his seat, as she ran for the exit. 

***
“What just happened?” Connor asked Brian, watching Tristin’s friends rush to her side.  He moved Noelle off his lap, and noticed Brian’s tortured face as he collapsed back into his chair.  
“I messed up,” Brian said as he buried his face in his hands. “She won’t even talk to me.” 
“I’ll go check on her,” Connor said. 
The buzz of gossip filled the room. Kristen had never snapped at her sister in public before, even when she might have deserved it. Connor waited to see if Brian wanted to go instead, even though he was already inching out of his seat. Brian finally nodded and Connor headed for the exit. He noticed Hannah glance in his direction when Sean wasn’t looking and decided to stop at their table. 
“Hey, I was going to go check on Kristen, you want to come with?” Connor asked Hannah, pretending to ignore the way Sean pulled her in by her waist. That possessive little move made him want to snatch the jerk up by his throat. 
Hannah tucked her hair behind her ear, which she only did when she was nervous or lying. She looked like she was considering coming, until Sean opened his fat mouth. 
“She doesn’t owe any of you anything. You don’t talk to her for weeks and then you want her help. Fuck off.” 
Connor’s fists tightened and he felt the heat traveling up his collar. That shithead didn’t know anything about their friendship and who the hell was he to answer for Hannah. 
“I wasn’t talking to you,” Connor whispered. 
“Well I was answering for her, now go.”
Hannah just stared at her lunch tray. Connor wanted to shake her and make her tell him what the hell was going on. This shell of a girl wasn’t his Hannah. She never let a guy speak for her or come between them. He stared at her for a second, but he honestly wanted to help Kristen more than the pleasure he would get from ripping Sean’s tonsils out.
He couldn’t just walk by Tristin without checking on her. “Trist, you all right?” he asked, placing his hand on her back. She turned around like she was about to snap at him, but she didn’t. She looked almost happy to see him. 
“Yeah, I was just trying to give Kristen these,” she held up the bottle of pills. 
“I’ll take them to her, if you want.”
“Thanks,” she said.
 Connor caught her glancing in Brian’s direction. Neither she nor Kristen were acting like themselves today and Brian seemed to be at the center of it.
“You sure you’re all right?”
“Yeah,” she said looking back at Brian again. “I’m good.”  

***
Dax was covering the shelves of cleaning supplies with a throw he’d found in his trunk when his phone started buzzing. There were twenty new emails in the Sun Vlogger’s inbox and it appeared his story of the day had been delivered right to him. The video of KT twins and the scene in the stairwell confirmed his original idea, there was definitely a love triangle going on right under his nose. 
He pulled up his blog to include the new developments, finally feeling good about the day’s post. It was like magic, even when he didn’t have a strong lead story, something always presented itself at the last moment. 

***
Two days as Class President and Kristen was already creating a scandal. No matter how good it felt to shove that tray in Tristin’s face, it was wrong. She was supposed to be leading an example for others to follow and instead she was an embarrassment to herself and to the student body. What if they impeached her for this? 
She hid in the auditorium balcony where no one would think to look for her, but when Connor came walking up the stairs she remembered who first brought her there back in the ninth grade. She quickly hushed the thought of yet another failed attempt at a relationship. She was trapped in the land of boyfriends past. 
If people knew the number of make outs and breakups that happened in their group they would think they were having an orgy, but sometimes friendships as close as theirs created curiosity that wouldn’t dull without experimentation. With Emmitt it was all physical but Connor was the good guy; a great listener, and an even greater kisser. 
He was a safe zone during a time when she just needed someone to hold her and she would always love him for that, but ultimately she knew it couldn’t last. He was too beautiful to resist and wasn’t giving it up, so they parted on the best of terms and just went back to being friends like nothing ever happened. 
He sat beside her, staring out at the stage. He had a gift of calming people with his silence to the point they’d just confess things they’d never tell anyone else. It annoyed the hell out of Kristen, because it always worked. 
“What do you want to know?” she snapped and immediately regretted it. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean it like that.”
Connor looked at her with his beautiful grin that made him look so much older than his age, and took her hand, “I don’t want anything but to be here for you in any way you need me.”
She felt the lump form in her throat, but she wasn’t going to cry. Who knew how many minions the Sun Vlogger had around school? Kristen didn’t want to give them any more ammo. Still, what she needed was a Connor hug; his hugs were famous for making her feel like the world wasn’t going to crush her. She pulled up the retractable armrest and he opened his arms as though he read her mind. 
She rested her head against his chest as she powered on her iPad. The safety she felt in his arms was the one thing she was glad they still shared. He was an amazing hugger. His arms didn’t just wrap around her, there was a squeeze to his grip, protective and consoling all at the same time. It only took seconds for her shoulders to relax as she inhaled his Axe body spray. Everything about Connor was calming, which was probably why people felt like they could tell him anything. 
“He slept with her,” Kristen whispered, without even thinking. Connor responded by holding her even tighter.




Chapter Five
Emmitt/Dax




Emmitt pushed his books aside and logged onto the Sun Vlogger’s site. He had, like, ten missed calls from Dax, but between the email and Kristen he never got to hear the dirt Dax found on Sean. The benefit to knowing the Sun Vlogger’s identity meant Emmitt had the chance to control the amount of crap that got out about him and his friends, but he only used it as a last resort. 
 The situation with Hannah had him feeling so desperate that he needed to do something. He wished he could just walk across the street and bang on her door. He knew she would open it for him, but instead he was trapped in his own version of a coffin. It was nice when his friends came to see him, but he knew eventually they would start asking why he never came out.
It wasn’t like he didn’t want to, it was the attacks. Every time he tried to leave, his throat would close as if he were being strangled by the air. He always collapsed before he even got a foot out the door. Luckily, his parents hadn’t seen it or else they would’ve had him committed. There was no room for the weak in the Lawson family. Emmitt was expected to be strong, even his friends saw him that way. The truth was that he was scared. He blamed himself for what happened to Ellie, and he was willing to do anything to keep from losing Hannah too. 
The Sun Vlogger was late. Emmitt was just about to go back to studying when the live stream finally opened.

*** 
“Hey there, Sun Gods, I hate to be tardy to the party but there were some very recent developments I had to address. So, let’s get right into it. I’d like to dedicate today’s vlog to relationships. Not the cute little puppy love ‘you hang up, no you hang up’ crap,” Dax said, twirling his lime green wig.  “I’m talking about these whirlwind Bella, Edward, Katniss, Gale, earth-shattering, defectively altering, spiralling hell pits we call relationships. 
“Because, frankly, you all need a good kick in the ass for lovely little scenes like the one I received just before logging on.” 
A jumpy video of Kristen smashing her tray in Tristin’s face streamed.
“By itself you’re all probably scratching your heads, wondering what this has to do with today’s theme? Especially, if you’ve been around long enough to see the KT mud fight of 2013, please feel free to search my archives for that hidden gem. 
“I am sad to report that the unspeakable has finally happened. It appears that not only are these two hot for the same guy, but the ever popular and strictly lezzy Tristin has in fact Jolie’d her sisters BF overnight. Which makes me wonder…what’s your girlfriend going to think about this new development, Tristin? And Brian, talk about being the envy of every guy in school, apparently you’ve got the magic stick that turns lesbians straight.
“Trust me, Kristen, you aren’t the only one with an unfaithful partner. There are tons of you sitting next to someone who’s cheating on you and you know what? I feel sorry for you all. For those of you so desperate for physical contact that they would lower themselves to the poor company of the lowest form of human being on our social meter, you think no one will ever find out, but it always makes its way to my inbox. My advice should be to stop yourself from ruining anymore lives, but then I wouldn’t have the pleasure of outing you and trust and believe, I will. 
“So how do you know if your loving partner is getting it from somewhere else? Well that’s easy. If they aren’t getting it from you, they’re getting it from someone else. And that’s not my guessing, it’s a fact. The number of virgins walking among us is small, but the funny thing is virgins are rarely ever single. If you’re making the holy choice to abstain, don’t be surprised when you learn your partner is doing the backseat bounce with someone else.”
“All right enough of my preaching, now onto the other side of craptastic relationships. How do you know when your BF or GF is sucking the life out of you? And not in the good way. Well, take a look at this little before and after,” 
Photos of Hannah pop up and Emmitt clenched his fists. He told Dax to focus on Sean, not Hannah. 
“Sorry, Hannah-bear. I’m really not trying to pick on you, but have you seen yourself lately. I mean seriously, either the girl is terminally ill or someone needs to get her away from her leech of a boyfriend. I’d like to direct this message to those ‘so called’ friends of girls like this. What the fuck are you doing? Don’t sit around and watch your friends wither away for the purpose of staying out of it. 
“I’m sure you can tell by now I’m severely annoyed by all of you and the topic you call relationships. Take a moment and think about the buyers beware before jumping into the shit pile of love. And on a final note, whatever happened to good old-fashioned hooking up? I am seriously throwing in my vote for the return of free love, stringless hookups, and guarded hearts. At least then we wouldn’t have to get all ’Young and Restless.’ Let these three girls be your examples of what not to do.”

***
Kristen, Tristin, and Hannah’s pictures took up the screen and Emmitt turned off his monitor, visibly upset. He grabbed his phone and shot off a text to Dax to back off Hannah, and just before he hit send, his computer speakers chimed. He turned on the monitor to see an instant message notification. 
CCitizen17: Trust me, I wouldn’t contact you with this if I didn’t have proof.
Em2016: So let’s hear it.
CCitizen17 Sean’s been on Steroid’s for almost a year now. I know because I dated the person who gets them for him.
Em2012: He’s not even on the team anymore.
CCitizen17: I hear his dad’s been shopping him around for the minor leagues. Look, I have to go, but know the photo is real. And I’m sorry about what happened to your sister.
Em2012: But what about the drug test? 
CCitizen17: He wouldn’t be the first athlete who cheated a drug test.    
Emmitt didn’t want to believe Ellie’s death was more than an accident. Sean was upset with Hannah for breaking up with him. What if he backed into Emmitt’s car on purpose? 
Emmitt rushed to his bedroom door, but when he gripped the knob he felt pressure around his neck. Falling to his knees, out of breath, he was too determined to give up. He opened the door and a rush of air from the hall attacked him, knocking him on his back, his heart beat erratically, too many thoughts ran through in his head. He was convinced it the attacker was a ghost. What if it was Ellie trying to kill him for not leaving when she asked him? 
His soul felt like it was separating from his body and he didn’t know how to hold on. “I’m sorry!” he shouted, but it only came out as whisper. His head and shirt were soaked with sweat as he choked on his own spit. This was his worst attack yet. Even if he did leave his room, what was waiting out there for him? What if there were more ghosts trying to kill him? What if he wasn’t allowed to live without his twin? What if he was already dying? He’d read stories online where the surviving twin just randomly passed away. Maybe it was for the best. He hadn’t managed to live much without her anyway.
His consciousness was slipping. Emmitt reached out his hand and slammed his bedroom door, just before he blacked out.




Chapter Six
Dax/Emmitt/Kristen/Connor



Dax decided he couldn’t sit around waiting for the proof to come to him. Sean and Noelle managed to dodge his cameras. He knew he had a chance of catching them if Sean dropped Hannah off without going in, so he followed them and waited to see if he was right. He also hoped to catch of glimpse of Emmitt, who he hadn’t seen since Ellie’s funeral. Unfortunately the Lawson house seemed unusually quite in the thirty minutes it too for Sean’s the passenger door finally open. 
“It’s about freaking time,” he whispered as he started his engine, but he paused when he saw Kristen across the street. She was lugging bags toward Emmitt’s bedroom window and Dax was fully engaged. “Could this be why I haven’t gotten a call back?” 
His initial thought was to be pissed. Emmitt never asked Dax to bring him stuff. In fact, he’d never even been invited over to hang out. Yes, he was fully aware that Emmitt was straight, but that didn’t mean they couldn’t be friends, even best friends. 
“Focus on the story,” Dax said to himself as he buried the delicious images of someday making out with Emmitt. He really needed to find someone of his own world to fantasize about and all he could come up with was Jake, the closeted baseball player he hooked up with during summer break. But as always Jake chickened out, and Dax hadn’t spoken to him since. The life of a journalist was an isolated one, but at least he had trials of the children to keep him occupied. 
“Hold on a second…” Why would Kristen be running errands for Emmitt with everything she had going on at school today? Had their mutual grief brought them together? Dax liked the idea of the two of them together. If he was going to lose Emmitt to any girl it would have to be someone fabulous like Kristen. What if Emmitt asked him to keep an eye on Sean to keep the trail off him? He watched Sean drive off, but waited to see if Kristen would come back out. After a couple of minutes he started to rethink his overactive imagination. This whole freaking day was just one huge reminder of how much his love life needed a jolt. Hell, even a spark would do. 
So he was a little more involved with other people’s lives than he was with his own, it would pay off some day. Once he got to college and started his own gossip column, TMZ would see his vlog reel and offer him a job in his freshman year. Okay, maybe his imagination was hyperactive, but it could happen. He had students from every high school in the district following his vlog. He was envisioning his E! True Hollywood story, but it was interrupted by Brian rushing towards Emmitt’s window. 
Brian looked too on edge as he stepped over the bushes and looked in the window. Maybe Kristen and Emmitt were hooking up, which would be a much bigger story than Sean and Noelle. It was quickly turning out to be his best school year ever. 

***
Emmitt felt hung-over when he finally opened his eyes. He thought the tapping sound was just in his head, but when it got louder he peeled himself off the floor and crawled to the window. The sun blinded his sensitive eyes as he pulled back the curtain. 
“Are you all right?” Kristen asked as he opened the window. “I was just about to give up.” 
“I was in the bathroom.” Emmitt took the bags and helped her inside. 
“What did you need all this stuff for anyway?” 
Memory of the attack looped in his head as Emmitt stared at his bedroom door.
“Emmitt?” Kristen called shaking his arm. 
“Huh?” He was still a little dazed. The attacks usually left him that way for hours, but he had to pull it together for Kristen’s sake. 
“I said what did you need all this stuff for?” 
Emmitt checked the bags and grinned with his back to her. “It’s not important.” He stood, taking her hand. “If I had known, I wouldn’t have asked you to do all this.”
“I didn’t want anyone to know, and I don’t want to talk about it.” 
Emmitt’s phone buzzed. “No problem. We can just hang.” He read his new text message.

On my way over. You need anything?
No, I’m good, but let me
 check with Kris.

“Looks like Connor’s coming over to hang out too. He’s taking orders if you need anything.” When he looked up at Kristen, she didn’t look excited. “What’s wrong?”
“Are you sure I won’t be in the way?” Kristen asked.
“Since when would we not want you around?”
She looked like she was about to say something, but her face went pale when she turned to the window. Emmitt followed her view to find Brian staring at them, his expression was just as broken as hers.
Kristen backed up until she was in the corner near the bathroom door. Emmitt held a finger up for Brian to hold on. 
“Do you want me to tell him to go?” Emmitt asked Kristen. She shrugged even though she looked like she was going to hurl. Emmitt walked around the bed and opened the window, while Kristen backed up even further into the corner. 
Brian climbed in, and Emmitt could already tell it was a bad idea. He looked out the window for Connor, but he spotted Dax, sitting in his car across the street.  He glanced back at Kristen and Brian. They both looked like they were torturing each other by being in the same room. Emmitt took the silent moment to text Dax.

Quit Spying.

Seconds later Dax pulled off and Emmitt closed the curtains, just to be sure.
“Kris, I’m not stalking you,” Brian said. “I just need you to hear me out.” He approached her, and with nowhere else to go, Kristen bumped into Emmitt’s bookcase. Emmitt climbed over his bed to get between them. 
“Um, maybe you should have a seat over there,” he said to Brian, pointing to a bench across the room. 
It had only been a few weeks since his attacks started, but Emmitt recognized the signs one of in Kristen. She was sweating and short of breath. She looked like if he tapped her she might fall over. It was a drastic change. 
“I think he should go. You can’t do this right now,” Emmitt whispered in her ear, but she shook her head and he was reminded of how annoyingly stubborn she was. “You want me to leave you two alone for a few minutes? I can say I’m going to the bathroom.” 
She shook her head again. Emmitt sighed and took her hand as he pulled out his desk chair. The least she could do was sit down before she collapsed. 
Awkward didn’t describe how Emmitt felt. Watching the two of them reminded him of the day he and Kristen called off their fling. It was nowhere near as painful as what the two of them appeared to be experiencing, and he didn’t really know why it popped in his head. At the time, he worried it would ruin their friendship, but there he was mediating her breakup and he felt as protective of her as he had his own sister, well almost. If it had been Ellie, he would have made sure the guy was eating his own teeth.
Luckily, Brian was his friend and he knew too well Kristen’s issues with her sister. It was by far the lowest blow she had ever been dealt by Tristin, and he knew he was going to have talk to her about it. 
Tristin was rough and heartless because that’s what she wanted them to think, but Emmitt had known her long enough to see through that. They all did, except for Kristen, but that was understandable considering their relationship. Neither of them really knew the other, which everyone found weird. How could twins act like strangers? He probably would never know the answer to that one. The bottom line was the two of them were screwed up and there was no fixing it. He’d just grown accustomed to being friends with them separately, because having them in the room together was like inciting a war.
“All right, I guess I’ll be your mediator, but she sets the rules,” Emmitt said, guessing Brian wouldn’t have a problem with that since he was the one who effed up.
“It’s cool. I just want to tell her what happened and then I’ll go if she wants.” 
The look Kristen gave Brian made Emmitt gulp. He’d seen her in attack mode before and could only pray his plasma didn’t fall victim to whatever revenge she was cooking up in her head.  
“All right. So I was on my way home after I left you in the parking lot, and I got a text from…your phone, and it said you were going to be finished early. Kristen, I thought it was...I wouldn’t even think…I would never have…” 
Emmitt watched as Kristen closed her eyes and he wanted to hold her hand or tell Brian to leave, but before he could get the chance she hopped up and went right through the open window.

***
The sound of Brian’s voice made the room close in on Kristen. She had to get out of there before she ripped her own skin off, or his. She should have never agreed to him coming in, but she didn’t want to be one of those dramatic girls, in front of the guys. They never asked her to hang out with them before. That was more of a Hannah thing. 
She felt better as soon as the air hit her face and looked down to see she had enough sense to grab her bag on the way out. 
“Kristen, what’s up?” Connor asked, walking toward her. 
Kristen couldn’t talk to him, not the way she was feeling. It took all the energy she had to climb out the window, and Connor would only want to take her back inside and talk it out. She was only seconds from having a psychotic break and the dizziness scared her. “I’ve got to go,” she said, walking by him. 
Connor caught her arm and she jerked away, rushing toward her car. “Kristen, hold on. I forgot to give you something.” 
She didn’t stop. Her hands were too shaky to get the door unlocked, and she dropped her keys in the street. 
“Kristen, your pills. I just want to make sure you have them.” 
Kristen froze as he caught up to her and held them out. The bottle still had food on it from when she threw them at Tristin and it made her skin crawl all over again. Her hands trembled as she felt cover in sweat. Then the dizziness returned. 
Suddenly, her right shoulder seared hot, along with her right thigh.  
“Kristen—Kris?” Connor called, but he sounded so far away. She felt him pull her up and opened her eyes to realize she’d hit the ground. 
“Kristen?” a girl’s voice called. It took a moment for Kristen to recognize it as Hannah’s. She looked up to see her running toward them. 
“What’s wrong with her?” Hannah asked.
“I don’t know. Can you help me get her back to Emmitt’s?”
Kristen immediately pulled away from him. She couldn’t go back in there, not while Brian was there, probably not ever. 
“Kristen, you need to get out of this heat. Did you even eat today?” 
“I can’t go back there,” Kristen said as she tried to wiggle free. 
“Come to my house,” Hannah said. “No one’s home.” 
Kristen almost gasped at how sickly Hannah looked. She didn’t even want to think about what she must have looked like after being in the same room as Brian. Hannah was surprisingly strong enough to walk Kristen to her house.
“I can help you,” Connor said, sounding left out. 
“We’ve got it.” Hannah guided Kristen up her walkway.

***
Connor was happy to know they hadn’t lost Hannah completely, and he knew Emmitt would be happy to hear she reached out to Kristen, but when he climbed through the window he spotted Brian on the floor. Emmitt looked like he was trying to ignore him, by reading a magazine. 
“Okay, now I see why Kristen didn’t want to come with me,” Connor said.
“I don’t know how I couldn’t have known it was Tristin,” Brian said, face down on the floor.
“I was going to ask you the same thing,” Connor said. “Come on, laying there isn’t going to help you.” He helped Brian up.
“She won’t talk to me.” 
“What did you expect her to do, listen to you tell her how you slept with her sister then take you back?” Emmitt asked, tossing his magazine. He and Emmitt had always been protective of Kristen.
“No I just…I don’t know. I just want her to forgive me. She’ll forgive when she calms down, right?” 
Connor and Emmitt exchanged a glance, as if to decide which answer to give him. But it seemed they both were thinking the same thing when they said, “Hell no.”
There was no way Kristen would ever touch him again after he’d been with Tristin. 
“But I love her,” Brian said. 
Connor patted Brian on the shoulder. “Then the best thing you can do for her is stay away.”




Chapter Seven
Dax



Dax took off after he got Emmitt’s text. The fact he could send one with Kristen and Brian there was probably a good indicator that the scenario didn’t match the one in his head. Even if he did find out something scandalous about Emmitt it wasn’t like he could use it. Dax knew how important getting Hannah away from Sean was, so he turned his attention back to his original target.
It didn’t take long to find Lucas Amarko’s Range Rover parked behind the diner. Everybody would have thought it was Sean’s brother parking with one of his hookups, but Dax had done his homework. According to his Facebook page, Lucas was in New Mexico for minor league tryouts, and from the fogged up windows it wasn’t hard to guess who Sean was with.
Dax got a couple of shots of the windows with his zoom lens, but the tint was too dark to see inside from a distance. While he was trying to decide between infrared and normal view, a skateboarder slowed near the back window. Dax flashed his high beams trying to scare them off, but the kid snapped a picture with their phone and skated away. 
“Shit.” Dax cut his engine as the interior light in Lucas’s truck came on. Dax saw the skater from a distance and noticed hair blowing out the side of their hoodie, it was long and red. 
Sean climbed into the driver’s seat and drove off while Dax threw his hands up. His entire afternoon was wasted. “What the hell would a girl be doing playing paparazzi?” he asked himself, but in his stomach he already knew the answer. It had to be the Careless Citizen and she scooped his story. With Sean gone, Dax decided to put his camera away, and his phone buzzed. It was a picture message of Sean and Noelle from and unknown number.

Thanks for the back
lighting. I would have
 never gotten a shot
this good. Let’s just call
it a peace offering
XOXO-Not lol.

Dax was even more pissed, not only was she on his story, but she’d also gotten a killer photo. Noelle and Sean were mid-hump and their faces were clear. 
“What kind of phone was that?” Dax asked as he admired the pixel quality. He’d always been a geek for gadgets, but he quickly snapped out of his fandom.  The only way Careless Citizen could’ve known about Sean and Noelle was if she were following Dax. He never thought to check his own back when he was on surveillance, but he would from then on.  That tramp was moving in on his territory and he wasn’t going to stand for it, but finding out her identity was going to require some help.




Chapter Eight
Kristen/Emmitt



Kristen lay across the bed, eating grapes, while Hannah tried not to stare at her. It felt like years since she had been in Hannah’s room, when it had really been a couple of months. Kristen wanted to ask Hannah what was going on with her. She looked like she had gotten worse overnight, but then again a lot had changed in her own life in just a day.
“Do you…I can find you something else to eat if you’re still hungry,” Hannah said. 
“Thanks, but this is good. Want some?” Kristen offered and Hannah smiled, probably guessing why she did it. 
“I’m not starving myself,” Hannah said, grabbing a handful and returning to her chair. 
“I didn’t think you were.” 
“But you were wondering what’s wrong with me. You can say it.” Hannah chewed her grapes. 
“If I did then you would ask me, and I just can’t…” 
“It’s okay. We can talk about something else. Like, how it feels to be student body president.” 
“Yesterday it was cool; today it’s pretty much embarrassing,” Kristen said. 
“Sorry. I shouldn’t have.” Hannah turned to her computer. 
The whole thing felt like a forced play date, Hannah on her side of the room and Kristen on hers. They’d known each other too long for a conversation to be this hard. 
“Is this as awkward for you as it is for me?” Kristen asked.
“More,” Hannah said with an exhale as she tucked her hair behind her ear. 
“There’s not much we can say that doesn’t lead back to Ellie,” Kristen said. 
“Which inevitably leads to…yeah.” Hannah looked away, her grin fading. 
“So we’ll find something else, because I honestly don’t want to spend the semester passing each other in the hall,” Kristen said, sitting up. 
Hannah looked around and grabbed the remote before flopping down on the bed next to her. “How about some television? It doesn’t require anything but watching.”
Kristen hugged Hannah, catching her off guard. They stayed that way for a couple of minutes. There was still so much standing between them, but deciding to be friends despite it made Kristen feel like something good had come out of the day. Hannah held onto her so tight that she started to worry something was really wrong with her. Then her phone buzzed and her body stiffened like she had been stabbed. 
Hannah rushed to grab the phone and answered. “Hey.” 
Kristen stared at Hannah’s trembling hand as she sat at her desk. 
“How long before you get here?” 
It was disturbing how brittle and nervous she had suddenly become. It had to be Sean. He was the only asshole Hannah ever backed down to. Whatever was going on with her wasn’t right. No one should have that type of reaction to their boyfriend. Kristen didn’t want to leave her friend, but she knew their reunion was way too new to start questioning her relationship.
“Okay, I’ll see you in a few.” Hannah hung up as Kristen grabbed her bag. “You’re leaving?” 
“Yeah, I should get out of your hair.” 
Hannah looked like she wanted to tell her to stay, but her fidgeting said otherwise. “You don’t have to right now. I still have a few minutes.” 
Kristen stood and hugged her friend again. “Thank you for everything,” she said. “And my door’s always open if you need it. We can hang out, whenever you’re free.” 
“Do you mean that?” Hannah asked as she pulled back. 
“Hannah, you’re my friend, nothing’s ever going to change that. I know how I’ve been and I’m sorry about how we just dropped out of each other’s lives, but I won’t let that happen again.” 
“That would be…nice.” Hannah grinned. 
“I’ll call you later, when I know you’re alone.” 
“Okay.” 
Hannah looked a lot lighter as they walked to the door and Kristen did as well. Things were still pretty shitty, but it was comforting to know she had someone to go through it with. Kristen looked around as she stepped off Hannah’s porch. She didn’t want to run into Sean and she couldn’t take another encounter with Brian. His car was still parked behind hers as she crossed the street. She didn’t even bother going back to Emmitt’s. 
She had to go home sometime. 

***
“Maybe if I give it some time?” Brian asked, sipping on Emmitt’s emergency bottle of Patrone. 
“Hey, I said a few swigs. You keep sipping and there’s no way I’m letting you drive home,” Emmitt said. “And you can’t stay here. Kristen’s staying the night.” 
Brian closed the bottle and handed it back to Emmitt. “You don’t understand, not being with her is killing me.” 
“Brian, it hasn’t even been a whole day,” Connor said. 
“You don’t understand.” Brian fell off the edge of the bed with an audible thud.
“Trust me, I get where you’re coming from,” Connor said and Emmitt slapped his arm. “Ouch!” 
“What?” Brian asked, as his head popped up at the foot of the bed. 
Connor had no idea how much of their history Kristen had shared, and he sure as hell wasn’t about to say anything.
“I’m just saying we’ve all lived through the KT feud for years. This is how they are and you’re unfortunately their latest casualty.” 
“So Tristin’s slept with Kristen’s boyfriends before?” 
“No,” Connor and Emmitt answered. 
“She’s kissed a few guys,” Connor said. 
“But she’s never been with a dude before,” Emmitt said. “Which kind of makes me curious.” 
“About what?” Brian asked. 
“Why you? And how the hell could you not tell the difference? Tristin has this thing she does with her tongue…”
“Yeah, it like pins yours down and—” Connor said.
“Wait! How the hell do you both know that?” Brian asked. 
“Ever heard of spin the bottle?” Emmitt asked.
“But how do you know she doesn’t go both ways?” Brian asked.
“Trial and error,” Emmitt said with a grin. 
Brian looked to Connor who shook his head. “Not me. I never tried.” 
“So if you’ve both kissed Tristin, did you…” Brian paused at the sound of Connor’s phone. 
“No, we didn’t,” Connor answered for him and Emmitt. He still thought it was a miracle he hadn’t given into Kristen. She had some impressive techniques of her own. One more weekend with her and he might have had the same guilty look as Emmitt did, but Brian didn’t need to know that. He pulled his phone out of his pocket, it was Noelle. “Hello,” he answered, stepping into the bathroom.




Chapter Nine
Dax



Dax waited in the bushes near Noelle’s apartment door. She was the only person who could help him catch the Careless Citizen. He had gone back and forth about telling her about the photo. Noelle was pretty cool despite being a drama queen. He admired her snoopiness and finally had a project he could involve her in. 
She was all grins on the phone as she walked up. Was it Sean or Connor? Good verses Evil, a classic battle. 
“So my mom’s working late and I thought you could come over,” she said. 
Must be Connor, Dax thought. The girl was diabolical. She and Sean really deserved one another. She approached her door, pulled out her keys, giggling at Connor’s response. Dax didn’t have time to listen to their eighth grade conversations, so he popped his head up, causing Noelle to scream and throw her phone at him, which he caught. His father would be so proud.
“Quick reflexes, you’re going to need’em for what I’ve got in store,” he said, shutting off her phone. 
“What are you doing hiding in my bushes?” she asked, clutching her chest. 
“I’ve got an opportunity for you.”
“And you couldn’t have called me?” Noelle asked, fanning herself.
 “I was already doing footwork so I thought I might as well come over.” It was a half-truth. He’d also gotten a photo of Sean dropping her off, but he decided she didn’t need to know that yet.
Noelle unlocked the door and collapsed on the couch. Dax grinned; thinking her reaction probably had more to do with her sneaking around with Sean than his unannounced visit. 
“You could have given me a heart attack,” she said. 
“Why? Are you hiding something?” Dax asked with a grin. 
Noelle took a deep breath and stood, holding out her hand for her phone. “You’ve got two minutes. Connor’s on his way and I want to change.
I bet you do, Dax thought. “I’m not staying. I just dropped by to see if you still wanted in on the Sun Vlogger, because I’ve got something for you.” 
“What is it? And what was up with that Vlog today, not one of your finest hours, ass-wipe. You know you made Hannah cry?”
"Why do you care?” Dax asked.
“She’s one of Connor’s best friends,” Noelle said. 
“Oh yeah, that’s right. I forget sometimes how long they’ve all been friends. It must be sickening to always feel like an outsider around them.” 
“Are you fishing for something?” 
“Me? No. I’m just offering you a job,” Dax said. 
“Can I think about it?” 
“Absolutely, just don’t take too long. There are other girls out there who would jump at this chance.” 
“Whatever, are we done here? I’ve got a boyfriend to get ready for.” 
“That was it,” he said, handing her back her phone. “Leave it off and I guarantee you’ll get more action.”
“How?” Noelle asked.
“He’s more than likely tried to call you back a couple of times already. He’ll come rushing over here to check on you and be so grateful you’re all right that you might even get a little hand action.”
Noelle grinned and tossed her phone to the couch. “You’re a genius,” she said.
“More than you’ll ever know.” Dax opened the door, and smiled as he left.




Chapter Ten
Kristen/Emmitt/Connor



Idling in her driveway, Kristen debated whether she could handle going inside. Going back to Emmitt's wasn’t an option. After the way she ran out; she wouldn’t be able to face him for awhile. Ultimately, it was the chime of her gas light which helped her decide. She killed the engine and stared up at her bedroom window, hoping to not have the same crazy reaction she had around Brian. 
Kristen barely opened her car door, when Tristin came down the walkway, dressed like she had a date. It was just like her to decimate Kristen’s life and go out to party afterwards. It pissed Kristen off that she could still feel hurt by her sister’s actions. Why couldn’t she be as heartless as Tristin? Why did she still wish things were different between them? Even after what she did with Brian, the question still swelled in her throat: Why do you hate me so much? You’re supposed to be my sister! 
"Welcome back," Tristin said as though the past twenty hours hadn’t happened. 
Kristen grabbed her bag and slid out of the car, enraged by the sound of her sister’s voice. She wasn’t about to stand around and listen to Tristin’s gloating. The closer she got the more urgent her desire to shove Tristin to the ground and bludgeon her with her own spiked heels . She clenched her fists to calm the surge of rage rushing through her veins. Kristen rammed Tristin’s shoulder as hard as she could without knocking them both over, but it didn’t do a thing to calm the need for revenge.
"I changed your sheets and blankets, if it helps," Tristin said.
Kristen paused and turned to see Tristin rubbing her shoulder. Did she really think she was doing Kristen a favor? "What would’ve helped me was you not tricking my boyfriend into bed."
"Well, I don't have a time machine so ‘sorry’ is the best you're going to get."
"You can keep it, because it doesn't mean anything." 
Screeching tires drew their attention to the street. It only took a second to recognize Tristin’s girlfriend, Chelsea, and her bright blue hair as she stomped up the driveway carrying a box.
"Hey, I was just on my way to–" Tristin was cut off by Chelsea dumping the box’s contents all over her head.
"Did you think I wouldn't see it? You couldn’t be woman enough to just tell me you're into guys now?” she asked. 
"It wasn't like that." Tristin said.
"Which part, the sleeping with your sister’s boyfriend, or the fact that you cheated on me with a dude?" 
Kristen’s heart warmed when Chelsea pushed her sister to the ground and proceeded to whack her over the head with a stuffed frog. "What? Cat got your tongue. Tell me which part wasn't the truth!"
"I will, as soon as you stop hitting me," Tristin yelled. 
Chelsea paused and waited for an answer. 
“It was a joke,” Tristin said as she got to her feet. “It didn’t mean anything.”
"No, you're wrong. It did mean something. You wanted to hurt your sister so bad that you would sacrifice us to do it," Chelsea said.
"This wasn't about her," Tristin said, finally noticing that Kristen was still there. “I didn’t do it for that.”
“If this wasn’t about me then what was it about?” Kristen yelled. How dare she try and lie her way out of this. 
“Look, I said it wasn’t about you, now go,” Tristin said. 
"So you do have a thing for him?” Chelsea asked almost in tears. 
“No.” 
Kristen could tell her sister was lying, which only made her more upset, but it was more jealousy than hurt. Could she really have a thing for Brian? No, there’s no way. She was just trying to get Chelsea to forgive her. 
“She’s lying,” Kristen said. Chelsea was always nice to her, despite how much it annoyed her sister and Kristen always felt she deserved better. 
“Would you shut up? This isn’t about you!” Tristin yelled. "Chelsea, let's just go somewhere and talk about this. I promise, I can explain."
"What for? We're done," she said heading back to her car. Tristin glanced back at Kristen before running after Chelsea. Kristen decided she’d seen enough.
She took a deep breath as she approached the front door. She didn't feel dizzy or sweaty so she turned the knob and rushed up to her room before anyone spotted her.
Once inside, she squeezed her eyes shut as she sat on the floor with her back to the bed. She couldn’t look at it without her chest aching so she curled up on the floor and rested her head on her purse, with her phone buzzing inside.

***
Emmitt texted Kristen to see if she was coming back, but didn’t get a reply. He felt better with people around him, but he also wanted some time to himself. The panic attack earlier still lingered in the back of his mind. They had never been that intense before. It felt so real at the moment, but now that he was looking back on it he didn’t see why he got so freaked out. 
Maybe it was because of Hannah. She lost her dad to drugs and it completely devastated her. She was so anti-substance Emmitt couldn’t even drink around her. The news about Sean being on steroids would definitely break them up, but not without crushing her. She already felt like her dad chose drugs over her, and now Sean had done the same thing. 
“Hey, I need to go check on Noelle, we got cut off and she’s not picking up,” Connor said as he exited the bathroom. 
“Oh yeah, I believe that,” Emmitt grinned. “If you want to ditch me to make out with your girl, just say so.” 
“I’m not. I’m just worried about her. She doesn’t live in the best part of town.” 
“Wait, isn’t Crissana one of the safest cities in the country?” Brian asked from the spot on the floor he had fallen onto minutes prior. Emmitt had no idea he was such a lightweight, but at least it got him to stop whining about Kristen. He had even given up a few details about Tristin. 
“He can’t drive,” Connor said to Emmitt.
“Well he can’t stay,” Emmitt said. 
“I can walk,” Brian said, pushing himself up by his arms only to fall back down. 
Connor rolled his eyes and punched Emmitt in the arm. 
“Ouch! What the hell?” Emmitt asked. 
“The liquor was your dumb idea.” 
“It worked, didn’t it?”
“Yeah, but now I have to drive him home.” 
“What’s the big deal? It’s on your way. Unless, you had other plans than just checking on your girlfriend.” 
“We’re out of here. Brian, let’s go,” Connor said, pulling Brian up by the back of his shirt. 
“I’m just saying give the girl what she wants already,” Emmitt grinned. 
“And what if it’s not what I want?” Connor asked, helping Brian out the window. 
“Then maybe she’s not who you want. Trust me there’s a girl out there that would make you forget all about your little purity pledge, you just haven’t met her yet.” 
“Goodnight Emmitt,” Connor said, pretending to ignore the statement.  

***
Damn Emmitt and his theories. Not sleeping with Noelle didn’t mean that he didn’t love her. She was sweet, beautiful, and patient, most days. His heart had been broken by so many girls that couldn’t accept his choice. He wasn’t a perfect guy and some even considered him to be a tease. That was why no matter how dramatic Noelle got he wouldn’t leave her, because she stuck by him and was willing to find alternative ways to getting what she needed, which was why he couldn’t wait to get to her house, after he dropped Brian off. 
“Did I tell you about how she wound her hips?” Brian asked. 
“I heard you through the door,” Connor said, guiding him to his car. 
“It was like…the best I had, best I ever had, best I ever had…” Brian sang.
“Brian, Emmitt was the one who wanted details. I’m the one who didn’t want to hear it.” 
“Oh yeah, you’re the virgin. My bad man, how the hell do you do that?”
“Prayer,” Connor said, unlocking his doors. “Now get in the backseat, and try not to puke.”
“Then why is she texting you?” a guy yelled. 
Connor and Brian both looked up when they heard shouting, that’s when he spotted Sean’s truck. He quickly pulled Brian down beside his car and tried to listen in.
“You know what? Get out of my car. Go chat it up with your old buddy!” Sean yelled. 
The passenger door opened and Connor could barely see Hannah. 
“Um, why are we down here?” Brian asked.
“I just want to see something,” Conner whispered. 
It wasn’t like Sean and Hannah never argued, but Connor didn’t like his tone or the way he appeared to be controlling Hannah’s life. Everyone believed it was Hannah’s choice to stick by him, but the way she was acting, he was starting to think Emmitt was right about Sean keeping her away. 
Sean sped off and Connor watched Hannah walk to her front door, with a limp she didn’t have earlier. She was holding her wrist, but it was the porch light shining on her face that made his fist clench. 
“What?” Brian asked as Connor pulled him closer. 
“Look real hard and tell me if it looks like she’s crying,” Connor said, grinding his teeth.




EPISODE 3



Three things cannot long stay hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth.

Buddha




Chapter One
Tristin/Connor/Hannah



Hiding under her covers offered Tristin no escape from the memory of Brian’s touch. Even when she opened her eyes she could still feel his hands traveling up her thighs, his breath on her neck, and the crush of his lips against hers. She hadn’t talked to Chelsea in days. The whole school was giving her the evil eye, and Emmitt had been calling nonstop. If she had known hooking up with Brian would’ve caused this much trouble—nope—not even with all the fallout could she bring herself to regret it. 
Emmitt obviously couldn’t wait to chew her out. It was six on the dot when his first text woke her. Then came the instant messages on her computer; he even sent her a Skype invite. There were so many chimes and bells going off, her room sounded like a slot machine. 
Tristin checked the time on her phone while still hiding under the covers. 
“Seven-twenty two. I’ll kill him,” she whispered, just as a pic of him covered in whipped cream appeared on her iPhone. She’d snapped it during last year’s county fair. Connor was always talking them into doing the cheesiest crap. 
“The person you are trying to reach is trying to sleep,” Tristin answered. 
“Get your butt up, get over here, and bring some food. I’m starving.” 
“Look, I know your little whoa-is-me act has been working on everyone else, but I’m not your errand girl.”
“You are today. Unless you want the Sun Vlogger to get that pic of you with your braces caught on my swim trunks.”
News of her and Brian had already amped up the attention she got from boys. Anymore bad press would all but ensure Chelsea would never take her back. Tristin couldn’t think of a single moment of her life Emmitt didn’t know about, which meant he knew too much for her to ever piss him off. He had accepted she was gay before she even admitted it to herself, unlike Connor. Resorting to blackmail meant he really wanted to see her.  
“One, you should never have dived in after me. You’re lucky you didn’t give me a concussion. And two, you promised you’d never show that photo to anyone,” Tristin said.
“I changed my mind when you stopped answering my calls. Now hurry up.” He was starting to sound like his normal, pushy self again, which Tristin could have appreciated if he weren’t barking orders at her. Arguing with him was no use since he always managed to persuade her anyway. 
“I’ll be there in an hour,” she said with a huff. 
“You’ve got thirty minutes. And make sure my food’s still hot,” he said before he hung up. 
Maybe spending some time with Emmitt would do her good. He could help her find the screw loose in her head. She missed Chelsea like crazy, but no matter how hard she tried denying it, she wanted to be with Brian again. 
There was a twenty-pound question on her shoulders, as if there was even a decision to make. Brian would never speak to her again, and even if he did, it wasn’t like he would feel the same way she did, if she even knew what that was. Tristin hoped hooking up with him would finally get him out of her head, but it did the opposite. All week she watched him staring at the walls as if he were lost. She wanted to talk to him, but she was afraid of what might come out, given her delusional confession of love and all. Chelsea was who she really loved and should have been the only one Tristin was thinking about. The whole situation gave her a migraine. She needed air and maybe an exorcist to get Brian out of her head.

***
Connor stood in the doorway watching Noelle assembling care packages at the church’s food bank. She had no idea how sexy she looked with her short hair pulled back and her ratty t-shirt half tucked into her shorts. He grinned, thinking how blessed he was to have someone so beautiful and giving. Their relationship wasn’t perfect, but there were plenty of perfect moments. 
They were alone for the first time that morning and Connor decided to sneak up behind her, wrapping his arms tightly around her. “You better be my boyfriend,” Noelle said as he kissed her neck. 
“Or what?” Connor asked as he inhaled her citrusy lotion. He slipped his hands under her shirt and Noelle gasped. 
“Someone might see us,” she said. 
Connor spun her around to face him and lifted her onto the table without objection. There were a dozen volunteers who could walk in at any minute, but that was part of the fun. Connor enjoyed testing his boundaries, within reason. Besides, there was nothing wrong with copping a feel of his gorgeous girlfriend. He gripped her thighs, pulling her as close as possible, tasting her silky lips and skin. The pressure of balancing his values and her needs wasn’t easy, but he was determined to honor both. 
Noelle tugged at his belt and he pulled her hands away. “Sorry, force of habit,” she said out of breath. 
“Yeah, I know,” Connor said, tucking his shirt back in as he pecked her lips, “You good?”
“I was until you came in here and attacked me. Now all I want to do is go park somewhere.” She pulled him closer, wrapping her legs around his waist.
The visual of their perfect alignment would inspire countless fantasies for him later, but the voices down the hall prevented him from kissing her the way he knew she wanted him to. 
“Noelle…”
“Don’t,” she said pushing him away. “I already know what you’re going to say. Just go before I force myself on you.”
Connor grinned and helped her down. “I love you.”
“You’re lucky I love you too, or else you would be so dumped right now.” She grinned and pulled him down for one last kiss. 
Despite being the most attention-obsessed girl in school, there was so much he loved about her, but mostly how she found a way to love him when other girls just gave up. That made her special. He hooked onto her belt loops, pulling her even closer than before. 
“And people call me the horny one. Would you go find something else to do?” Noelle pushed him away.
“Okay, I’ll go, but I’ll be thinking about you while I’m gone.” Connor peeked over his shoulder as he headed for the door and saw her watching him. He loved how much she wanted him.

***
With an ache at every turn, Hannah hadn’t gotten much sleep. She expected the first week of school to be rough for Sean, but being the only person to stand by him also meant standing in the line of fire. 
Yesterday had literally reached a new low. Texting Kristen with him around wasn’t the smartest idea, but Hannah wasn’t about to turn her back on her friend again, and she told him that to his face. He responded with the soles of his Reeboks. Now she was purple from her hips to her knees and too exhausted to do it all over again today. 
There was no sign of her Sean anymore. The hate in his eyes, as she failed to block his kicks, hurt just as much as his abuse. Even with his temper, Hannah felt bad for wishing he’d just go away. She wanted to help him, but his anger ran too deep. He was losing himself, hell he might have already been too far gone, but Hannah believed with all her heart that if she stayed with him that her Sean would come back. 
She couldn’t even understand how she’d become “that girl.” Hannah was nothing like those girls who were abused by their boyfriends. She had her own voice and her own life, or at least she used to. It seemed to have vanished after the accident, when he had forced her to choose sides. At the time she thought she was doing the right thing. Everyone blamed Sean for the accident, even his family, but Hannah knew he could never intentionally hurt someone. Or at least she used to think that.  
Things probably wouldn’t have been so volatile if Connor hadn’t insisted on stalking her between classes. It wasn’t like him to be so badgering, but she figured he was just worried.
Hannah hoped Sean would pull one of his disappearing acts today. She needed a day to hide under the covers and pretend like things weren’t as bad as she knew they were. She nearly swallowed her tongue when her phone rang, but was quickly relieved to see it was Kristen calling. Sean almost broke her wrist when he found their first text. It was still really sore and she should’ve been wearing a brace, but with Connor watching her every move, she didn’t want to give him any reason to react. 
She was already drawing more attention to herself wearing jeans and cardigans in Arizona’s hottest month. Every day was a strategy session; parting her hair just right, placing her backpack on the left shoulder to avoid the soreness in her right, and she tried her best not to limp when people were around. 
Her muscles would eventually stop aching and the bruises would heal, but there was no recovery for what Sean’s actions had done to her heart. She blocked most of the violence from her memory, but there was a hollowness growing inside that detached her more and more from the person she thought she was. Hannah knew most people, Sean included, thought it was her love for him which kept her by his side, but in truth, it was her guilt.
Part of her believed his anger toward her was partially valid. She was the one who decided to break up with him at the bonfire and the reason he was distracted when he backed into Emmitt’s car. She, Emmitt, and Sean were the only ones who knew the truth. 
“Hey,” Hannah answered.
“Are you free?” Kristen asked. ‘Free’ was code for when Sean wasn’t around.
“Yeah, what’s up?”
“I’m DIYing my bedroom and could use your artistic touch.”
Hannah pulled back the covers to get a look at her thighs. She could still make out the imprint of Sean’s shoe just above her knee. Nothing appeared to be broken, but it hurt like hell when she walked or kneeled. 
“I’ve actually got a reservation with a couple of books at the library. I figured with the heat I’d get a head start,” Hannah lied. “I would totally come if I could…”
“Hannah, it’s cool. I can always get one of the boys to help.”
“Okay, I’m not sure if I’ll be able to talk in the library, but I’ll text you when I get home.” Hannah hated lying, but she had to create a text-free window in case Sean dropped by.
“I’ll be here, purging my room of demons,” Kristen said.
Hannah wanted to spend the day with Kristen instead of fearing the moment Sean would call.


Chapter Two
Connor



Connor was busy pulling items from the pantry shelves when footsteps approached him from behind. 
“Excuse me,” a woman said. “I was told I could get my assignment from Connor.”
“That would be—” Connor froze when he turned and saw her half-burned face. “—me.”
“How old are you?” Her offence to his reaction was noticeable in the way she turned sideways to hide it.
Connor had certainly seen his share of deformities, but never on someone who looked like she could be the next Shakira.
“I’m seventeen, not that it should matter,” he replied. Like there was some kind of age limit for helping the community? He’d been a food bank volunteer since he could walk and no one knew the place as well as he did. It never failed that some one-time volunteer would show up thinking their age gave them the right to boss him around. And this chic didn’t even look like she was much older than him. She couldn’t have been older than twenty-one tops.
“How nice of you to ask. My name’s Mariah and this is my face,” she said, turning so that he could see her burn more clearly. “Now if you’re done gawking, I’m just looking for something to do.” He hadn’t even realized he was staring.
Looking at her narrowed eyes, Connor realized how insensitive he’d been. Griping about his age was nothing compared to the responses she must get every day of her life. He was far from perfect, but even he knew he could be better than he was at that moment. 
He approached her with his hand extended. “I’m sorry. My reaction was rude and I’d like to start over if you’re up for it.”
She gave him a skeptical glance before taking his hand. “Hi, I’m Mariah Silva,” she said with a relaxed grin.
“It’s nice to meet you. I’m Connor Christos.”
“Wait, your initials are C.C. God, that’s just cruel.” Her giggle was a squeaky taunt that reminded him of all the kids who teased him up until the eighth grade.
“Wow. You’re very pleasant,” he said returning to his cart. 
“I’m sorry. It’s just a defence mechanism.”
“Well, maybe you could hit the off switch for a couple of hours and help me out.”
“Fair enough,” she said, tying her flowing blonde curls into a knot on top of her head. “So whatcha got for me?” She was thin but firm where it counted.
“You could help me check expiration dates on the boxes. Expired items go in the trash; boxes expiring within the week go on the cart.” He handed her his clipboard and pen and she went right to work. 
Connor continued loading his carts, passing Mariah, whose smirk looked like she was insulting him in her head. He caught a glimpse of her belly button as she checked a label on the top shelf. A vine tattoo wrapped around her hip and traveled up her back. He rearranged the boxes at the bottom of his cart, trying to get a better look.
“Ahem,” Mariah announced loud enough to gain his attention. “Are you going for a record?”
I am so going to hell, Connor thought. “I am so sorry. I’m really not…”
“Save it. I’ll take pervy boy over gawking at the freak show,” she said. 
“No, you’ve got it all wrong.”
“I’ll tell you what; I’m willing to forget this whole thing ever happened, if you sign this.” Mariah handed him an envelope. 
Connor immediately recognized the county seal. “You were sent here from traffic court?”
“Yeah, and…” 
Connor smirked. “So do you do this often?” 
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Whatever. You’ve been playing that poor victim card since you got here.” 
“The scar’s gotta be good for something,” she said with a shrug. 
Connor was appalled—no—disgusted. How could she…People in her condition didn’t act like that. “You—you should be ashamed of yourself.”
“Oh yeah, like you never let your little drummer boy act bail you out of a jam or two. Weren’t you the one attempting to explain your way out of blatantly peeking under my blouse a minute ago?”
Connor was severely annoyed and that was no easy feat. He was the understanding one, the one who gave everyone a chance, but some people were just asses who liked making others feel bad to boost their own egos, and that’s where his patience ran out. “If you want credit for your hours, I suggest you get back to work.” Connor tossed the envelope back at her. 
“Fine. Who else is in charge here?” 
“Just me,” Connor said, handing her a broom. “Now get to work.”
His father always lectured him about appreciating the volunteers despite what brought them there, but all Connor ever saw were lazy speeders too broke to pay their traffic fines. They were always trying to get him to sign for extra hours. As if community service was some kind of BOGO. Never had anyone stooped as low as Mariah. He watched her swishing the broom around, without capturing a single crumb.
“You’re going to have to do better than that for my signature,” he said topping off his carts. “And when you’re finished sweeping you can wheel these down the hall to the assembly station, and go back to checking the expiration dates.”
“Yes, Sir.” Mariah laughed.
“If you don’t like it, there’s the door.”
“You really should try loosening up a little. What do you do for fun?”
“This,” Connor said looking around. No one forced him to get up at five in the morning to work in a hot and stuffy warehouse. He did it because helping people made him feel like he was actually doing something for others.
“Tell me you’re joking.” 
“Look I’m not interested in talking, and you’ve got less than an hour left.”
“All right fine. I’m sorry if I offended you,” Mariah said dumping the contents of her dust pan in the trash. “How about I show you the rest of my tattoo and we make up?” The dimple in the center of her good cheek was downright diabolical. Connor took a deep breath, releasing some of his hostility. His temper always led to doing or saying something he’d regret and there was nothing he hated more than regrets. 
Even when he was a kid, the guilt would eat away at him until he either confessed or hurled all over the kitchen floor. He’d since tamed the queasiness, but holding things in had created land mines of the brain, vivid memories of every regretful moment of his life.
He took a few more deep breaths when he realized how strong that glimpse of her tattoo had roped him. “No, thank you,” he said in a softer tone. “Look, I’m sorry for getting so upset and for staring. I’m usually better than that.”
“If you call that upset, you should meet the guy who did this,” she said, pointing to her face. 
Connor almost fell over when her words finally seeped in. There was a flash and for a second Mariah was Hannah, standing in front of him with a half-burned face. He reached out to her.
“What are you doing?” Mariah asked, shattering his hallucination.
Connor lowered his hand and stepped back. “I’m sorry…to hear that. Wait are you—no, forget that please. I’ve got a lot of crap on my mind this morning. I owe you an apology, again.”
“It’s cool, I just don’t do the whole touching thing.” 
“I won’t. I swear,” Connor said backing up some more. “I’ll empty the carts; you can check the expiration dates.”
“Okay, now you’re making me feel like an outsider. Here,” she said, grabbing his arm. She pulled him toward the shelf beside her and grinned as she tossed expired boxes in the trash. “Just pretend I’m a friend of yours.” 
Connor didn’t want to. He was still trying to figure out if his suspicions about Sean and Hannah were even real. He never thought he was capable of hating someone as much as he hated Sean Amarko. 
Even before the accident he couldn’t stand the guy. Hannah was always running off to spend time with him, and now she was permanently glued to his side. Connor couldn’t be sure if his allegations weren’t just his way of finding a reason to bash Sean’s face in and get his friend back. Still, the way Sean yelled at her the night he and Brian spied on them and watching her cry meant Connor had to say something.
“What’s wrong with actually being friends?” Connor murmured, drawing his attention back to reality as he reorganized the shelves by expiration. 
“Are you sure your squeaky clean view of the world can handle being friends with the depraved?” Mariah asked.
“Try me.”
“Okay, what do you want to know?”
“Where do you go to school?” he asked.
“How do you know I’m in school?”
“You’ve got a stack of index cards sticking out of your back pocket. That means you’re studying something.” 
“Very observant. If I show you my tongue would you be able to tell me what I had for breakfast too?” she asked.
 “I know this might not be a familiar concept for you, but generally making friends involves learning about one another.”
“All right, well I guess the next question is for you. Are you a married?”
Connor choked a little.
“I’m observant myself,” she said eyeing his ring. 
“No, it’s not a wedding ring.”
“Thank God. I thought you might be one of those sixteen and pregnant husbands.”
“Hey, those guys are just doing the honorable thing,” Connor replied. 
“Really? So not only are the girls expected to be moms still in high school, but they get the added privilege of being married to the newest town loser?” 
“No, a loser would be someone who ran away from their responsibilities.”
“So you’ve never had an ‘oh-shit’ scare with a girl?”
Connor paused and looked at Mariah. “That’s a little personal, don’t you think?” 
“Oh, so you didn’t really mean the being friends part? You’re just chatting until it’s time for me to go.”
“No.” Connor was all for making friends; he just didn’t like having to explain his lifestyle to every person who asked about his ring. 
“Then treat me like a real friend. Tell me.”
“If I had I wouldn’t be wearing this,” he said flashing his ring.
The stunned look on her face was one he’d got often but it still irked him. People treated him like he was the freak. When last he checked, fornication was still a sin.   
“It’s official, this really is the ‘Leave it to Beaver’ town.”
“Hey, don’t hate on my town,” Connor said.
“Moving on, the next question’s yours.”  
“You never answered my first one.” 
“You’re good.” Mariah laughed. “Very focused. You’ll make a good detective.”
“And you’ll make a crappy witness. Would you just answer the question?”
“All right I go to ASU. And before you ask, I’m majoring in biology. And no, I do not want to be a doctor. I just like experimenting on things.  
“I guess that means you’re pretty smart.”
“No, I just enjoy the company of people more fascinated by what’s in their Petri dish than what happened to my face. I was a journalism major before I…wasn’t anymore.”
“So the guy—he goes to your school?” Connor asked.
“He’s at my old school in Texas. I came home after it happened and transferred to ASU.”
“It must suck to have to uproot your entire life like that.”
“It’s not so bad. I’ve always loved Arizona. I just wanted to experience something different, and—well—it wasn’t what I expected.” She reached for her burn as though she were going to rub it and stopped herself. “Whose turn is it?” Mariah asked.
“I think yours.”
“Okay, so tell me your deepest, darkest secrets.”
Two immediately came to mind, but Connor quickly averted the landmines. “I have a sixth toe.” Connor said as he carried a few jars of pasta sauce to his cart.
“Really? Let me see.” Mariah followed him with her arms full of rice mixes.
“It was removed when I was a kid, but I still feel the nerves a little when I wiggle my right foot.” 
“Phantom limb? Careful, you might be developing BDD,” she said as she tossed a box of cereal in the trash.
“What’s that?” 
“Body dysmorphic disorder, it’s a mental illness and very common…among women.”
“So I’m a girl because I have a phantom toe?” 
“Well there’s one way to find out. Take off your shoe.” 
“What?”
“You heard me.” 
“Are you crazy? I’m not taking off my shoe for you.”
“Why not? Could it be because you’re self-conscious about a deformity which no longer exists? Because that would kinda make you a girl.” Mariah grinned. 
“Very funny. Did you learn that in biology?”
“No, I was a psychology major for a semester. I thought studying the mind would help me figure out why I was so screwed up, but it only taught me how to label the crazy. BDD prevents people from seeing their true selves like you and your phantom toe.”
“Wow, should I lay down for this?” Connor asked, as Mariah handed him a stack of cereal boxes. 
“Shut up. I’m just saying that the toe isn’t really there. It’s decomposed in a land field somewhere.”
“If it’s so common, do you have it too?” Connor asked.
Mariah dropped a bag of rice spilling it all over the floor, and he knew he’d hit a sore spot. His first instinct was to apologize again, but then that would alert her to the fact that he knew it was her face. He may not have known much about her, but from the way she joked; it didn’t seem like something she wanted to delve into. He was about to place his hand on her shoulder when he remembered her no touching rule. 
“Connor, we’re running low down here?” Noelle yelled from down the hall as Connor searched for another broom.
“Be right there!” he yelled. 
“Go on. I’ve got this,” Mariah said, sounding more sullen than she’d been moments earlier. “Plus, I wouldn’t want your girlfriend to get jealous.”
“How did you know she was my girlfriend?”
“It could’ve been the ‘I heart Connor’ drawn on the back of her hand that she made sure I saw, or the smudge of lipstick on your jaw that I’m guessing matches the color she’s wearing.”
Connor wiped his jaw. “And you call me observant? I guess you learned that from biology.”
“No, I learned that one from Sex and the City,” she grinned as she swept up the last of the rice. They both laughed, and Mariah pulled out one of her index cards and a hidden ink pen from her hair. She scribbled on the back of it and handed it to Connor. “My real friends have a way of calling, so use it.” She went back to checking expiration dates as Connor pushed his carts down the hall.




Chapter Three
Tristin/Hannah



Tristin was slipping on her tank top when something crashed in the hall. She opened her door to find Kristen pathetically pinned between her mattress and the wall. 
“I don’t need your help,” Kristen barked as Tristin held the mattress so she could wiggle free.
She was a sweaty mess in her oversized sweater and dishwashing gloves, and all of her furniture lined the hallway. She’d even changed her curtains. 
“Redecorating?” Tristin asked.
“More like decontaminating.”
“Whatever. Do you need help with this or not?” Hearing the words come out of her mouth made Tristin want to gag. Every time she looked or thought of Kristen she felt…guilty. It was a completely new concept when it came to her sister. Had being with Brian really turned her into such a girl? 
 “How about you stand at the bottom of the stairs and hold out your arms.”
When Tristin couldn’t find an adequate comeback, she stomped back in her room and grabbed her bag. Maybe Kristen would do them both a favor and take a tumble down the stairs and end up in a comma for a few months. 
Tristin had an eerie feeling her sister might be thinking the same thing and whipped around just in time to escape a footless Bratz doll speeding toward her head.
“Are you crazy?” Tristin asked.
“Are you a whore?” Kristen asked with an arsenal of stuffed animals in her arms. The robotic puppy was enough to send Tristin rushing for the front door. She felt bad, but she sure as hell wasn’t about to stand there like a target. Going to Emmitt’s felt more like an escape than a chore given the current company. Perhaps he already knew that.

***
Hannah had deleted her texts, cleaned up her emails, edited her recent calls list, and hid her photo albums. Once she was satisfied with her room, she took a quick shower and covered her bruises. Concealer worked for her wrist and arms, but there wasn’t a tube of body makeup big enough to cover her thighs so she opted for a pair of yoga pants. With her hair pulled back into a bun, she looked like she was preparing for a fight, which wasn’t entirely false. Deflecting Sean’s temper meant being on constant defense. 
She still couldn’t believe this was her life now, or that Sean could even do the things he had done to her. He clearly needed help, but what about her? She was the girl who let her boyfriend hit her and now she was covering it up to avoid upsetting him.
The thought of anyone finding out was worse than being hit in her mind. Everyone already knew her as the girl whose dad OD’d in their driveway, and she wasn’t about to add to that list.  
The chime of the doorbell almost made her scream. She wished it was a weekend when her mom didn’t have to work, but those were few and far between.
She took a few deep breaths as she headed down the hall, but her pulse spiked with every step. Looking frightened wasn’t going to help her situation so she conjured a smile before opening the door, but it flat-lined the second she saw him.
“Hey,” Sean said nervously, holding a large bouquet of flowers to his chest.
The thought of flowers serving as an apology for the bruises hidden under her clothes was an insult, but she couldn’t tell him that. “Hi,” she said, forcing herself to grin as he handed her the flowers. When he pulled her in for a hug she prayed he didn’t squeeze. “Thank you. They’re beautiful.”
“So are you.” He hesitated before he caressed her face.
Her fear seeped out a little, but she quickly recovered, leaning her face into his palm. She never had to fear her Sean; he was finally back, only there was this tortured look in his eyes. The thought occurred to her that he might have felt as trapped as she did. As awkward as the whole experience felt, she was determined to encourage the good in him. She took his hand and he closed the door. 
The slam made her jump, but she held his hand tighter. “Are you hungry?” she asked.
“Just for this,” Sean said, pulling her into his arms. 
Hannah sucked in a breath before his lips attacked hers. She started out just playing along, but his gentle touch reminded her of so many good moments that they pushed out the bad. She savored every kiss she shared with her Sean, even though they had morphed into the pleading and pain stricken pecks of a boy she couldn’t forgive. 
He gripped her sore shoulder and Hannah pulled away. “We should go…watch TV,” Hannah said, without meeting his eyes. He was silent for a moment with defeated eyes. 
She pushed herself onto her toes and pecked him on the cheek, hoping to defuse his mood.  It must have worked because he kissed her hand and led her down the hall.




Chapter Four
Tristin/Connor



“Do the words ‘I’m starving’ mean nothing to you?” Emmitt yelled in Tristin’s ear as she entered the diner. She took the phone off speaker as she stepped into the ridiculously long line.
“You are lucky I’m doing this at all. Now what do you want?”
“Get me the biggest breakfast burrito they’ve got and a double cheeseburger and fries.”
“Wow, you really are starving aren’t you? What’s going on over there?”
“Nothing, just hurry up,” Emmitt said before he hung up.
There was something he wasn’t telling her and she was going to find out, that is if he didn’t starve to death before she got there. Dee Dee’s was Crissana’s best hang-out, which meant waiting close to an hour for a seat. Most people just grabbed take out and ate under the covered parking. Tristin was kicking herself for not calling her order in ahead of time. The wait was going to be at least twenty minutes. 
“Order up for Connor,” the snarky hostess announced over the speakers. 
Tristin looked around and thought it must have been some other Connor, but sure enough he came rushing through the doors with his shirt half hanging off him. For a virgin he got a remarkable amount of action. 
“You Connor?” The hostess asked observing his smeared red lips.
“Yeah.” He grabbed the bags and dropped a five in the tip jar, gaining a grin from the otherwise surly hostess. The charming bastard. “You have a good day,” he said before speeding toward the exit. He didn’t even look around to see Tristin standing a few feet to his left. She watched him hop back into his fogged-up car and just barely made out Noelle pulling him into the backseat. The noticeable rock in his trunk made her wonder if he was still as innocent as he claimed.

***
“Noelle, what about the food?” Connor asked as she straddled him.
“I’d much rather taste you.” She bit his neck and he nearly squealed.
“Okay, okay time out. I’m about five seconds from losing it.”
“Then allow me,” Noelle said, gripping the inside of his thigh. Her hand was only inches away from the point of no return, and for a quick second he thought of letting her. 
“No, we’ve got to stop,” Connor said, lifting her off his lap. “I’m sorry.”
They both sat, out of breath and clutching hands, but Connor quickly noticed she hadn’t objected once. Noelle was rarely silent, so he took it as a really bad sign. He grabbed the bottom of her tank top, luring her closer until their noses were touching. He didn’t just want to kiss her. He’d done that hundreds–-maybe-thousands-of times. Showing her how much he really wanted her was hard to accomplish without actually doing it. 
He looked her in the eyes, taking his time to trace the curves of her hips. She gasped when he yanked her knees apart and that’s when he kissed her with a fierceness that shocked even him. His tongue and hands were better expressions of his desires and even though he knew she wanted more. He felt safe again when her breath became unstable. 
“Y-you need to stop,” Noelle whispered. 
“Did you already…”
“No. No I don’t want to.” The way she arched herself closer told him otherwise.
“I love you.” Connor kissed her again as his hand traveled up the leg of her shorts. She was trembling and he hadn’t even made it to his destination.
“Don’t,” she said, gripping his wrist. She had never stopped him before, if anything she was at the point where she would be trying to talk him into doing it. 
Noelle climbed into the passenger seat and unwrapped her cheeseburger.
Connor was still trying to figure out what went wrong when she handed him his burger. “Are we good?” Connor asked. 
He had experienced it too many times before: silence followed by distance, it always ended in a breakup. Connor didn’t want to go through it again, not yet at least. He wasn’t dumb enough to believe Noelle would wait forever, and he wasn’t sure she was the girl he would marry, but he knew that he loved her.
“I’m just wiped out from packing all those boxes. Plus, I feel bad when I—you know—and you don’t.”
“You know I don’t care about that.” Okay, so maybe that wasn’t entirely true, but he really didn’t mind giving her what she needed.
“I might want to later, if my mom goes out.” She grinned, and Connor felt a little relieved. 
He buttoned his shirt and inhaled his burger as the windows cleared. He was so distracted that he’d forgotten they were still in the diner parking lot. Suddenly, it dawned on him that someone from church could have recognized his car. The last thing he needed was another lecture from his dad about temptation. 
A couple of snickering girls passing by his window prompted Connor to hop into the driver’s seat and take off. 
“So what do you want to do with the rest of the day? We can go to the movies or take a drive somewhere.”
“How about a shower?” Noelle asked.
The offer made Connor blush.
“I meant I need a shower. Then we can figure out what’s next.”
“Sounds like a plan.” He was trying really hard not to feel disinvited. Maybe they really were growing apart. 
As he pulled up to her apartment he idled for a second to see if she would invite him in. Her mom was pretty cool about him hanging out in her room since she knew nothing was happening, and Noelle liked to do little stripteases for him while he waited for her to get dressed.
She unhooked her seatbelt and it looked like she was going to ask him something, but she paused when his phone vibrated. Conner wanted her to say that he should park and come inside. He wanted her to still want him, or more like he needed her to. Having a girl as beautiful as Noelle throwing herself at him was bigger than an ego boost; it was his way of getting some gratification. 
“Hello,” Connor answered his phone.
“Help!” Kristen shouted. “I’m stuck under a mattress and no one else is answering their phone.”
“Where are you?”
“At the bottom of my stairs. Can you please come help me?”
Connor didn’t want to bail on Noelle, but he couldn’t not help Kristen.
“Go,” Noelle said digging her keys out of her purse. “I’ll call you when I’m ready.”
“Connor, are you there?” Kristen asked. 
He wasn’t sure if it was another one of Noelle’s tests. She didn’t really get along with his friends, especially when she found out that he and Kristen dated. “Hold on a second,” Connor covered the mic to his phone. “I’ll only be like twenty minutes, I promise.”
“It’s cool,” Noelle said kissing his cheek. She didn’t look upset. 
“I’m on my way,” Connor said before ending the call.
He grabbed Noelle’s hand as she tried to get out of the car. “I’ll be thinking about you,” he said with a grin to let her know he meant her in the shower.
“And to think I was just about to invite you up to help me undress.”
She would never know how at ease the statement made him. Any concern he had about their relationship immediately banished and now he couldn’t wait to get back and spend the rest of the day with her. 
He would have watched her until she was safely inside if Kristen weren’t waiting to be rescued. She was a total klutz, but he bet it had more to do with Tristin. Kristen didn’t deserve Tristin’s cruelty, which was why he didn’t speak to her in the diner. Emmitt was the one always playing Switzerland, Connor just couldn’t do it. And then Tristin had the nerve to tell people that he was homophobic, which was bull. He could careless who she decided to sleep with. 
What Connor hated was seeing people mistreated, especially by their loved ones. He cared about Kristen and Tristin too much to condone the way they treated one another, and hoped they’d eventually grow out of it, but they seemed to only be getting worse. 
Mariah’s burn kept flashing in his mind when he thought back to Hannah crying on her porch.  His stomach was in knots by the time he pulled into to Kristen’s driveway, and he decided enough was enough. Hannah was his best friend, and he was done lurking around waiting for the right time to talk to her. He decided to go knock on her front door and demand she let him in, just as soon as he was done helping Kristen.




Chapter Five
Tristin



Tristin hadn’t even gotten in the window before Emmitt ripped through the bag of and grabbed his burrito. It had only been a couple of weeks since she’d seen him, but his sunken face and raccoon eyes looked as though it had been months.
“Thank you for bringing this,” Emmitt said with his mouth full. “I’ll totally pay you back.”
“Don’t worry about it. What’s going on with you? You look like you haven’t eaten in days.”
“I would have been able to eat if you’d returned my calls.”
“Is that what you were calling me for?” Now she felt horrible that she’d been avoiding him. “I thought you wanted to chew me out over the Brian thing.”
“That too.”
“Can we not? I’ve got enough going on without adding a lecture from you.”   
She searched his bookshelf for his hidden stash of playboys, not that she believed there was anything in the pages that could help her. She found one tucked behind his encyclopedias, just as Emmitt groaned. 
“I think I ate too fast,” he said, stretched out on the floor with the empty wrappers beside him. 
“If you were that hungry why didn’t you call Connor?”
“He was busy.” Emmitt groaned again and rubbed his stuffed belly. 
Tristin huffed and stomped into the bathroom. She came back with a wet cloth for his head, deeply resenting her maternal instincts. Connor would have seen Emmitt was in a trouble if he wasn’t busy with his tongue down his girlfriend’s throat.
“Here, put this on your face and relax,” she said dropping the rag on his chest. “You could have texted me.”
“I did,” Emmitt said covering his face. “You’ve been ignoring me.”
“I didn’t want to talk about it. I still don’t.”
“That’s because you know you were wrong. How’s Chelsea?”
“I wouldn’t know,” Tristin said as she aimlessly flipped through the magazine as she stretched out across the foot of his bed. “She isn’t talking to me.”
“So talk to her. Drive up there and surprise her. Unless—”
“Don’t start.”
“Look. I’m not judging you. I just wanna know what’s going on, and don’t tell me it was just twin drama because I won’t believe it.” If there was anyone who could see through her lies it was Emmitt. At least she knew the truth was safe with him. 
“All right fine. You know how Kristen and Brian met, right? “ 
“Wasn’t it at the mall or something?”
“It was the state fair, and it wasn’t Kristen who he met first.”
“Hold on,” Emmitt said sitting up. He was still a bit winded, but he managed to climb onto the bed and lay beside her. “So you’re telling me you’ve had a thing for Brian for a year and you never said anything.”
“I didn’t have a thing for him. I was just saying that, technically, I met him first.”
“But does Kristen know that? And even if she did, there’s the little matter of his gender. Unless that’s not an issue anymore,” Emmitt said touching her leg.
Tristin had to remind herself that he wasn’t feeling well or else she would’ve decked him.  It didn’t stop her from flipping him off the bed though. She was relieved to know at least some guys still creeped her out. “You’re a real perv, you know that?”
“Can you blame me? If you were looking to experiment you could have done a hell of lot better than him.”
“It wasn’t an experiment.”
“Then what was it?” Emmitt asked.
“I don’t know, okay. I don’t know what’s going on. I went into it with every intention of knocking Kristen on her ass and now…I don’t know.”
“Well, let me ask you this. Do you have feelings for him? And be honest.”
“I don’t know.”
“What about Chelsea? Are you still attracted to her?”
Tristin scowled at him. “How many times do I have to tell you I don’t know?”
“Until you can make me believe it. I’m not buying for one second that you don’t know how you feel. You might be confused by it, but you know.”
“Would you stop pressing me? I didn’t come here for a damn interrogation.” 
“Oh, I’m sorry, would you rather have a tea party and braid each other’s hair? Since when did you become such a girl?”
Tristin had been called a lot of names over the years, but Emmitt only used the g-word as an insult. 
“The same time you became a jerk. I’m out of here.” Tristin snatched up her bag and moved toward the window, but Emmitt blocked her way. “Move before I punch you in the stomach and reintroduce you to your breakfast.”
“No. You’re going to sit here and figure it out, or I can beat it out of you.” Emmitt grinned. 
“I’m not playing.”
“Neither am I.” His scowl even looked weak. This wasn’t the Emmitt she was used to going ten rounds of slap fights with, and it was scary to see how fragile Ellie’s death had left him. It was part of the reason she’d stayed away so long. He was usually the one to dig her out of messes, and now that he needed her, she felt completely inadequate. Choir boy Connor had experience with grieving people, he should’ve been here. And where the hell was Hannah? Emmitt practically camped outside her bedroom window when her dad died, where was she? Okay, maybe they’d all been shitty friends lately. However she felt about Brian, her best friend was more important. 
“Let’s talk about you.”
“I’m good.” He said as he sat on the window seal. 
“And you expect me to believe that?” 
“You don’t have a choice.” 
“That’s it,” Tristin said as she tossed her bag to the bed. She pulled her hair back into a bun and Emmitt lifted his chin to suggest it was on. They gripped their right hands and stared intensely into each other’s eyes. 
“You lose, you buy me dinner,” Emmitt said. 
“I win, you tell me what the hell is going on with you,” Tristin whispered.
“Same, if I win.” 
“You can’t make two bets.” 
“Oh, stop whining,” Emmitt said as his hand connected with the side of her face. 
Tristin rocked back a little stunned by the force, but quickly recovered with a powerful smack of her own. 
Emmitt held his red cheek with an impressed grin. Tristin broke her hand free and spotted the open bathroom door out of the corner of her eye. She didn’t get one step away before he tackled her.
The two rolled around on the floor, delivering one audible slap after another until they were both red-faced and squinting. 
“Time out,” Tristin said as Emmitt pinned her to the floor, looking a little too excited to have her between his thighs. 
“Conceding already? You really have turned into a girl,” he said.
“It’s not that. I just didn’t want to bleed on you.” Tristin looked down at her pants. 
Emmitt jerked back on to his heels. “Ew, that’s disgusting.” He searched his shirt and pants while Tristin got to her feet. “I don’t see anything,” Emmitt said. 
He looked up just in time for Tristin to slap him so hard that his face bounced off the mattress before hitting the floor. 
“That was easy,” Tristin laughed and fixed her hair. 
“That was low,” Emmitt protested. 
“You fall for it every time.” She helped him up and looked over his face. He was so frail she couldn’t even gloat over how epic the slap was.
“Can you blame me? I’m the one you were wrestling with the first time it happened.” He held his stomach. “I think I’m gonna throw up.” Emmitt laid face down on his bed and groaned.
“Stop being such a girl,” Tristin said. 
“Bump you—you boy lover, and since you cheated you lose, so spill it.” 
Tristin flopped down on the bed and stared at the ceiling. Part of her really did need to get it out already before the questions buried her alive. “I don’t know what I want or even who I am right now.” It felt scary and relieving to finally say it out loud. Before Brian, Tristin could say with all certainty that Chelsea was it for her, but now she was having a hard time deciding who she wanted more.
“You’re Tristin. Who you’re attracted to doesn’t change who you are.”
“Tell that to Chelsea. I love her; I really do. I’ve just never felt like I did when I was with…him.”
“That’s because there’s no substitute for the real thing.” Emmitt said as he turned to catch her scowl. 
“Do I need to slap you again? I wasn’t talking about that feel. I was talking about me. Mentally it was…I wanna say explosive, but it was different than that. Have you ever been with someone you just clicked with on this crazy level? Like the simplest act was magnified because you were doing it with...” She paused at the goofy look on Emmitt’s face. “What?”
“Nothing. I’ve just never heard you talk like this about anyone before. I think you’re in lo—”
“Finish that word and I will slap you again,” she interrupted.
“Maybe you’re bisexual. I know people who go both ways.”
“That’s not me. I love my girlfriend.”
“Man, you and Connor are the most delusional people when it comes to relationships.”
“Look who’s talking. How is Hannah these days? Have you dropped down on one knee and confessed your undying love yet? ‘Oh Hannah let’s run away and have pretty little half-breed babies.’”  Tristin couldn’t contain her laughter, but Emmitt didn’t look at all amused. 
“It was just a joke,” Tristin said when Emmitt stood and stared out the window. 
“It’s not funny.”
“God, you are so sensitive. Why don’t you just come back to school, or better yet, put some clothes on and walk over there?”
“For the same reason you won’t admit that you have feelings for a guy. It would change everything.”
Tristin was about to make a joke when she noticed his wheezing. “Are you all right?” she asked. 
Emmitt sat on the corner of the bed and put his head between his knees. Tristin scooted behind him and rubbed his back. The wheezing got louder, until it sounded like he was actually choking. She had never heard him make that noise before.
“Emmitt, look at me,” Tristin said as she tried prying his hands from his face. When he wouldn’t budge she pulled at his waist. He fell to the floor shaking and coughing as he clutched his throat and Tristin immediately thought he was choking until he yelled out, “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean it.” 
She didn’t know why or what he was talking about, but the way he struggled as if someone was choking him, it wasn’t hard to guess. It was worse than she feared, he was really losing it. Tristin managed to get her arms around him and hugged him tightly from behind. “You’re all right,” she whispered as he sobbed. “It’s okay.”




Chapter Six
Connor



Connor didn’t know if he should knock or search for a spare key. “Kris, I’m here,” he yelled but didn’t get a response. He was about to knock when he remembered she had her phone and pulled his out to call her. She didn’t sound hurt when she called, but he knew from personal experience how hard it was to tell how Kristen really felt.
Kristen opened the door and his mouth dropped. “Thanks for coming.” She was dressed like she was handling hazardous chemicals. 
“What the…how did you get free?”
 “I was never trapped. I just really needed your help and I figured a distress call would get you here faster.”
“I cannot believe you!” Connor shouted. “That’s something Trist…” he snapped his mouth shut. Using schemes and tricks to get her way was more Tristin’s specialty.
“You can say her name, it’s not like I’m going to fall out or anything.”
Connor had left the promise of a striptease for this. “Did it ever occur to you that I might be busy?” 
“I’m sorry,” she said pulling him inside. “I just really needed help with this.”
“You didn’t have to lie to get me here.”
“Maybe not for you, but I know how your girlfriend gets about us hanging out.”
“That’s where you’re wrong. She told me to come help you.”
“What else could she say?” Kristen asked.
“Just don’t scare me like that again. Now what do you need?” 
“I need to swap the mattress upstairs with this one. You pull and I’ll push,” Kristen said. 
Connor smirked. Her two left feet would probably put them both in the hospital. “No thank you. How about you go get me some rope and a wire hanger?”
Kristen looked like she was about to ask why, but she turned and headed upstairs instead. Connor used the free moment to text Noelle to see how long she would be. 
He quickly realized his mind was traveling to an uncontrollable place and forced himself to focus on Kristen. “If you don’t have rope sheets will work too.” 
Kristen returned with a stack of sheets and hangers, but she had changed out of her oversized sweatshirt and gloves. Her tank top wasn’t much longer than her mini shorts and what he couldn’t see wasn’t hard to imagine. 
What is going on today? Girls just felt too comfortable around him. It wasn’t like he was gay. If anything it was just cruel. Like showing a movie to the blind or taunting the starving with food. 
He turned his back to her when he realized his reaction wasn’t only in his head. 
What would Jesus do? Hell, Jesus didn’t have girls like this in his day or else he would’ve been humming “Amazing Grace” in his head just like Connor was. 
“What’s wrong with you?” Kristen asked. 
Connor squeezed his eyes shut and pictured the most nonsexual being on the planet, Big Bird. It worked every time. “Nothing,” he said turning to face her. 
He took the sheets and looked down at her top again, before wrapping one of them around her chest. “Now we’re good,” he said tying the corners of the sheets together. 
He didn’t look up at Kristen, but he could tell she was grinning. “Since when did you become such a prude?” she asked.
“Since you pulled me away from my almost naked girlfriend to come lift a mattress. Now take these two ends and go up to the middle of the staircase.” Connor lifted the large mattress onto the stairs and pushed it up behind Kristen. 
“I didn’t know you two were—”
“We’re not,” he said cutting her off.
“Thank god,” Kristen said sounding relieved. Connor paused. 
“What’s that supposed to mean?” he asked a little insulted. Kristen managed to forget most days that she was the one who broke it off with him. Maybe it was the fact that they were still such close friends, but sometimes she’d say things that made him think she still thought about the two of them.
“I just don’t think she’s the kind of girl you want to be your first.”
“How would you know what I want? And why wouldn’t Noelle be it? I love her,” Connor said defensively. He pushed the mattress upstairs until it bumped right into Kristen. 
“Okay, okay I hear you. You don’t have to run me over.”
“I’m sorry. It’s been a long day.”
“Well, I’m sorry I said anything at all. I suppose it’s really none of my business what you two do. I just think…” she paused as Connor used the sheets as a sling and pulled the mattress the rest of the way.
“What?” Connor asked as he tied the sheets around another mattress near her bedroom door. 
Kristen was hesitant to answer, which meant whatever it was, Connor wasn’t going to like it. She only held her tongue when she had something bad to say, but he trusted her and valued her opinion more than his other friends, mostly because she always looked out for him. She didn’t have hidden agendas like her sister or single-minded views like Emmitt. 
He waited for her to finish.
“I just think that you deserve someone amazing and I don’t see it when I look at her. Honestly, I never have. And I know I don’t know a whole lot about her, but I know you and you’re…” she paused again. “There is no one like you.”
Connor didn’t know what he’d done to make Kristen think so highly of him. He was flattered by it, but also worried if he could ever live up to the squeaky clean image everyone projected onto him. There was only one person in his life who knew the imperfect and unfiltered Connor and that was Hannah. Kristen was right about one thing, she didn’t know Noelle and how amazing she was.
“Look, I didn’t bring you over here to rag on your girlfriend and I didn’t mean to interrupt your time together. I’m just grateful that you came because I would have never gotten it up here without you.”
“Anytime. And don’t worry about me so much. I’ve got a really good girl,” he said as his phone beeped in his pocket. It was a text from Noelle: 

I have to go help
Dax with a project
 I’ll call you later

Connor was disappointed, but at least now he had some free time to stop by Hannah’s.



Chapter Seven
Hannah



The day had been surprisingly calm for Hannah. Sean had played a couple of hours of Halo before Hannah asked if they could just watch television. Video games weren’t the best idea when she was determined to keep him calm.
“This show sucks,” Sean said, taking the remote. 
“We can watch whatever you want,” Hannah said even though she wanted to see the end of the movie. 
“How about we go out?”
Hannah knew saying “no” would upset him, but she couldn’t leave the house. Just thinking about all the layers she’d have to wear, in the triple-digit weather made her sweaty.  “I can’t,” she whispered taking back the remote. 
“Why not?” The sharpness in his words made Hannah tense. She had to think of something else to distract him. 
“I just don’t feel so hot today. We can play some more video games.” 
“You look fine to me.”
“How about another movie? We could see what’s on pay-per-view.”
“Hannah, why you don’t want to go out with me?”
Hannah stared at him. He still looked like her Sean, but his voice was the other. It was hard to tell them apart anymore. “It’s not that…” 
“Then what is it?” he yelled. 
Heat exhaustion was better than nursing a new bruise. Hannah hopped up and rushed to her closet. “I’ll be ready in a couple of minutes.” She pulled off her pants and searched for a pair of jeans.
“Hannah?” Sean said, grabbing her arm. 
Hannah tore herself away, falling into a pile of shoes. “Please don’t. I said I would go. I’ll do whatever you want, just don’t hit me,” she pleaded.
When she turned to face him his eyes were locked on her thighs. She tried to cover them with her hands, but it was too late. Sean backed away until he bumped into the bed.
He looked shocked. Maybe he needed to see what he was doing to make him stop. She wanted him to say sorry, or that he’d never do it again, but more than that she wanted him to mean it. He was definitely still her Sean.
He rushed out the room and Hannah was trying to decide if should follow him. She crawled toward the door until she heard him coming back down the hall. Her mouth dropped when he kneeled, placing ice-filled towels on each of her thighs. 
“I wasn’t going to—” he paused and reached for her arm and Hannah looked down to see her concealer had rubbed off.  He dropped the ice and bolted out the door again. Hannah pulled her pants back on and a sweater before running after him. 
“Sean!” she called down the hall, but when she got to the living room the front door was wide open.
The last time he was distraught over her, someone was killed and she couldn’t take anyone else getting hurt because of her. She locked the front door, threw on some of jeans and a sweater, and grabbed a pair of flip flops near the garage door. 
The wall of heat hit her as she opened the garage and pushed her yellow moped down the driveway, but she was too concerned about Sean to let it stop her. She only wished she knew what direction he left in as she rode off, heading east.




Chapter Eight
Tristin



Emmitt passed out after about twenty minutes, and Tristin figured he’d be thirsty when he woke up. She hurried out, loading up on drinks and junk food in case he was hungry too. She came back an hour later to find Emmitt gone. The water in the bathroom was running and her chest tightened. What if he was suicidal and she’d left him alone? She barged into the steam-filled bathroom to find him with a towel wrapped around his waist, brushing his teeth. 
“Can I help you?” Emmitt asked with a grin. 
“I…uh…have to pee.”
“Don’t let me stop you.” He pointed to the toilet with his toothbrush before turning back to 
the mirror.
Jackass, Tristin thought as she closed the door with a slight grin. He was fine. 
She felt silly for even thinking it as she filled the ice chest she bought to hold his stuff. Emmitt would never try to kill himself. If anyone should’ve been slitting their wrists it was Sean. He was the one who killed Ellie—not intentionally—but it was something he’d have to live with for the rest of his life. 
Tristin never imagined Emmitt suffering so much. It must’ve been why he was having issues with his mom. He could’ve hit his head during one of those episodes and no one would have known. The whole thing made her realize how stupid she was acting. She pulled out her phone and texted Chelsea to see if they could talk, but she put it away when the bathroom door finally opened.
His face was red and he avoided meeting her worried eyes. 
“You still here?” he said crossing the room to his closet. 
“I went out to get you some stuff.”
Emmitt glanced back at the cooler. “Thanks.” 
Tristin didn’t know if talking about it would make him freak out again, but pretending it didn’t happen wasn’t going to help him either. 
“How long have you had them?” she asked, staring at the floor. 
The clang of wooden hangers was his only response. Tristin knew he didn’t want to talk about it, but must. “I’m not going to tell anyone. I just need to know.” 
The air thickened with the silence between them. It wasn’t like Emmitt to be closed off or for the two of them not to have something to say to each other. Nothing was normal anymore, and as she watched him dress, it finally dawned on Tristin that it might not ever be again. 
“I can go if you want,” Tristin said grabbing her bag. She waited a minute for him to respond and when he didn’t she grabbed her key off the desk. 
“Don’t,” Emmitt said. 
He turned toward her with a long face that caused her to wrap her arms around him. She wasn’t really good at showing affection, so she held him until she started to feel better. 
“You can’t tell anyone.”
“I won’t as long as you talk to me.” Blackmail was, afterall, what got her there. 
She took his hand, and they sat on the end of the bed. She could tell he was nervous by how tightly he squeezed her fingers. 
“I don’t even know where that one came from. They’ve never happened in front of anyone else but my mom and—” 
“What did your mom say?” 
“You know the Sergeant. She thinks if I go outside it’ll magically go away. I’ve tried Trist. I really have, but I never make it out the door.”
“Maybe you need rest. Have you been sleeping?”
“Only for like an hour or two. When Kristen was here I slept the whole night, but it hasn’t happened since then.”
“I’m spending the night, and you’re going to get some sleep.”
Tristin scooted back onto the bed and opened the cooler tossing Emmitt a bottle of water. 
“What about you?” he asked.
“I texted Chelsea.”
“That’s good. If she was the first person you thought to text then that means something, right?” 
Tristin hadn’t even thought about it like that. Had she really figured out her dilemma with a simple text?  Sleeping with Brian hadn’t changed her entire identity. Suddenly she couldn’t wait to see Chelsea and kiss her soft lips again. 
She grinned as she thought about the first time Chelsea kissed her. It was a definite answer to a question she had been ignoring for years. And to think, if that bottle had landed on either of the guys sitting beside Tristin, that kiss would have never happened.
Emmitt crashed onto the bed beside her with a box of Twinkies. “Share,” he said.
“Share what?”
“Whatever’s got you grinning so wide? Come on, a lesbian tale could do wonders for my health.”
“You really are depraved.” 
“Hey, it’s either that or the other thing.” Emmitt brushed her arm and Tristin fought the urge to punch him.
“Do you also proposition Connor when he comes over?” she asked.
“He’s not my type.”
“And you’re not mine,” Tristin said as her phone rang. It was Chelsea. She wanted to answer, but Emmitt needed her more. 
He took the phone from her and grinned. “There’s the call.”
Tristin unwrapped a Twinkie and shoved the whole thing in her mouth. “I’ll talk to her later.”
“Are you crazy?” Emmitt said before answering her phone. “Hey, Chelsea, it’s Emmitt.” 
What could she even say that would make Chelsea take her back? 
“I’ve been okay. Tristin’s been checking up on me, in fact she’s in the bathroom right now. I just answered because I knew she really wanted to talk to you.”
Emmitt stared at her, looking puzzled. Whatever assurance she thought she’d found vanished the moment the phone rang. 
“I’m not sure how long she’s going to be. Can I have her call you back when she comes out? Okay, I’ll tell her.”
Tell me what, Tristin thought. What if Chelsea didn’t want to speak to her? What if she had met someone else? All the scenarios running through her head made Tristin wonder if she was on the verge of having an episode of her own. 
“Talk to you soon, bye.” Emmitt handed Tristin back her phone. 
“What did she say?” 
“You sure you want to hear it?” Tristin nodded and Emmitt got up and tossed her bag toward her. 
“She wants to see you,” he said with a grin. 
Tristin should have been relieved. She wanted to able to look Chelsea in the eye and tell her that Brian was mistake, but she couldn’t. If Chelsea was willing to give her second chance she would never hurt her again. 
But she couldn’t just leave Emmitt, not after what she’d seen.
“I’ll see her tomorrow.” 
“Don’t be stupid. Go. I’ll be all right.”
“No.”
“Remember that photo.”
“That’s not going to work.”
“Just go. Seriously, I’ll call Connor or Kristen to come hang out.”
Tristin would have usually hated the idea of him hanging out with Kristen. Emmitt was her friend, not Kristen’s. Or at least that’s how Tristin saw it. 
“Call them,” Tristin challenged.
“Right now?”
“Yes. I’m not leaving unless one of them can come over.”
Emmitt looked a little peeved, but he must have known she was serious because he grabbed his phone and started dialing. 
Tristin texted Chelsea to let her know she was on her way, while still keeping one eye on Emmitt.
“Hey Kris, what are you up to?”
“Hurry it up,” Tristin whispered. 
“Oh, that’s perfect. I was going to call him next and see what you two thought about hanging out.”
“And sleeping over,” Tristin whispered.
“And spending the night, if you want. You know, if you don’t already have plans.” 
Tristin was relieved when he grinned. Regardless of how she felt about her sister, she knew that Emmitt would be looked after. 
“Okay, cool. I’ll see you in a little bit. Oh, and can you bring food?” 
Emmitt hung up and Tristin punched him in the arm. “How come you can ask her so nicely to bring you food and I get threatened?” This was exactly what she was talking about. Everyone treated Kristen with kitten gloves, while Tristin was supposed to be tough as thorns. 
“I would have asked you too if you hadn’t taken a week to call me back.”
“Whatever.” Tristin folded her arms. 
“Trist, you know I love you more than Kristen,” Emmitt said pulling her in for a hug. 
“You better, you jerk.”
“Go and apologize to your girlfriend. And buy her flowers or power tools. I hear lesbians like those sorts of things.” 
“You’re such a butt,” Tristin said with a grin. 
She gave him a squeeze before heading for the window. 
Her palms were sweating by the time she reached her car, and it was only partly due to the heat. Facing Chelsea with the question lingering in her head was impossible and she knew there was only one person who could help her find the answer, Brian.



Chapter Nine
Connor/Tristin



“Just because I said my day cleared up doesn’t mean I wanted to spend it playing DIY design with you,” Connor yelled as he moved Kristen’s dresser for the third time. 
Kristen came in with her phone in her hand. “We’re going to Emmitt’s.” 
“Who said we were going anywhere. I’ve got plans after this.”
“No, you don’t.”
“Yes, I do.”
“So cancel them. Emmitt needs us.”
“You go and I’ll come over after.”
“What is up with you today?”
“Nothing.”
“Connor, you are moody as hell and you have been since you got here. I know it’s not about me, so spill it.”
He thought about just telling her, but Kristen was so angry with Hannah for missing Ellie’s funeral that he didn’t want to bring her up. Plus, he didn’t want it to get back to Emmitt; he was upset enough. 
“It’s nothing. Can you just call Emmitt and tell him I’m busy?”
“Call him yourself since you’re keeping secrets,” Kristen said, slapping her phone to his chest. 
She stuck her tongue out at him before leaving the room. Connor rolled his eyes and decided to send Emmitt a text instead. He would be too curious to know what Connor was doing, and he didn’t feel like lying.
He looked up her call history and paused when he saw Hannah’s name. He peeked down the hall before scrolling through her texts. They had been texting for days and Kristen hadn’t said a word. Connor couldn’t believe Hannah would talk to Kristen before him, but he checked his ego and realized that Kristen could be his way of finding out what was going.
“Hey Kris, I changed my mind. Let me finish tightening this frame and we can go.”
Connor closed the door and blocked it with the mattresses before texting Hannah from Kristen’s phone. 

Hey, I’m heading over to 
Emmitt’s thought I’d stop 
by and say hi.

He deleted the text from Kristen’s sent list and almost dropped the phone when it beeped with a reply. 
I’m not home, but I’ll
text when I get back,
if I’m free.

Free. So she couldn’t have company if Sean was there, not that any of them could stand to be around him. Connor hurried to tighten the last few screws on Kristen’s bed frame and put the mattress on.
“This is going to be fun. I’ve got action movies and we can stop for pizzas on the way,” Kristen said as she entered.
“Sounds cool,” Connor said staring at her. Kristen the sneak, he thought. 
Kristen looking down at her top. “Why are you looking at me like that?”
“Nothing,” Connor said, tossing her phone to her. “I’ll wait for you downstairs.”

***
Tristin had never ‘officially’ been to Brian’s house, but she’d driven by there a few dozen times since he started dating her sister. She rang the doorbell and adjusted the diamond “T” she wore so people didn’t confuse her with Kristen. Her mind was overrun with images of his potential reactions. She knew he would be pissed and she wouldn’t have blamed him if he took a swing at her.
Footsteps approached the door, and Tristin’s stomach rolled one good time before it opened. She wanted to see his face and feel nothing. Then she could pretend as though it never happened, but when she met his eyes, it was as if every moment before him never existed.
“I’m Tristin,” she said, twirling her necklace.
“I know. What do you want?” His sharp tone stung a little. She wasn’t delusional enough to think he’d greet her with a kiss, but after what they shared, she expected a little kindness. 
“Don’t worry. I’m not trying to trick you again. I just wanted you to know that what happened wasn’t about you and it meant nothing.”
Tristin turned and walked away. It was the perfect lie and delivered masterfully. She felt victorious as she headed for her car.
“Then why’d you say it,” Brian said, causing her to pause. “Why did you say you loved me?” 
Tristin had skipped over that momentary insanity. How could he even remember that, unless he was thinking about her too? Her mind ran with the possibility. It was manageable when she thought there was no chance of them ever being together again, but what if there was? She couldn’t do that to Chelsea no matter how much she fantasized about him.
“When it comes to making my sister’s life miserable there’s no limit to what I’d be willing to do.” It was true, or it used to be. This whole thing had backfired, and for the first time, Tristin wished it had never happened. 
“Keep telling yourself that,” Brian said before slamming the door.  
Tristin had her answer, only it wasn’t the one she was hoping for.




Chapter Ten
Connor



“This whole climbing through the window thing is getting old. Can’t you just convince your parents to add a door here?” Kristen asked as Emmitt pulled her through, while Connor carried their bags. 
He looked back at Hannah’s house and there was no sign of Sean’s truck. She was probably out with him. He was shocked she even replied to the text he’d sent from Kristen’s phone.
He passed the bags to Emmitt and ran back to his car for the pizzas. 
“Tell me one of those is a buffalo chicken supreme,” Emmitt said as Connor made it back to the window. 
“You know it,” Connor said with a grin. 
 “Just keep it away from me. It stinks,” Kristen said. 
“Thanks for bringing all this. I really could use the company,” Emmitt said as Connor helped himself inside.
“Anytime. You know all you have to do is call,” Kristen said giving Emmitt a hug.
“I was already heading this way anyway,” Connor said plopping down on the bed beside the window.  Kristen climbed over him to sit in the middle. She grabbed one of Emmitt’s pillows and gasped as she snatched up the playboy hidden underneath. 
“Ew, is this pillow even safe to touch?” Kristen tossed the magazine to Connor, and he flipped through it. 
“I wasn’t reading that,” Emmitt blushed. 
Kristen hit Connor’s arm when he pulled down the centerfold. “Connor, I can’t believe you. Don’t become like Emmitt.” She snatched it out of his hands and tossed it to Emmitt.
 “What do you mean ‘don’t be like me’? I wasn’t even the one reading it. I had a friend over and they were looking at it.” 
Emmitt hid the mag behind his encyclopedias. Kristen sniffed the pillow and tossed it at Emmitt before climbing back over Connor. He scooted off the end of the bed to get away from her and the landmine of their past threatened to activate.  
“A friend, huh? Tristin was here, wasn’t she?” Kristen asked as her face reddened. 
“That makes sense,” Connor said opening the cooler and grabbing a Capri Sun.
“Okay, she came by earlier and brought me breakfast,” Emmitt said.
“Why didn’t you call me?” Kristen asked. 
“Because I needed to tell her how I felt about what she did.”
“Over breakfast and porn?” Kristen asked. Connor laughed so hard juice came out of his nose. “If you’d rather hang out with her, you can just say so and I’ll go.”
Connor watched Emmitt lure her back over to his side of the bed, and he reclaimed his spot by the window. Usually, he would’ve taken Kristen’s side, but he was still heated over her betrayal.
“Kristen, you know I love you way more than Tristin. You’re the first person I thought of to come over,” Emmitt said.
“Gee, thanks,” Connor murmured.
“Dude, don’t fan the flame,” Emmitt said to him. 
Kristen still looked pissed. Connor couldn’t blame her. Emmitt was always playing the middle with those two. Tristin would’ve been kicked out of the group years ago, if Connor had anything to say about it.
“If it makes you feel better, I ignored her in the diner,” Connor said. 
“See, I knew you were a true friend,” Kristen said cuddling up to him. “Thank you.” She pecked his cheek.
“Speaking of true friends, Emmitt have you heard anything from Hannah?” Connor asked noticing how quickly Kristen shifted away from him. She was definitely hiding something. 
“No, but I’ve finally figured out a plan that could work,” Emmitt said wide-eyed. “I’ve been thinking about this for awhile now, and I don’t see why you can’t just grab her after school and bring her here. What do you think?”
It was intriguing, if they could pull it off. It wasn’t like she was going to walk over on her own. 
“You can’t be serious,” Kristen said. 
“Oh, I’m serious,” Emmitt said.
“Connor, tell him you can’t do that,” Kristen said hitting his arm.
“So like if I parked my car near one of the side entrances, somebody could lead her there and I’d just grab her?” Connor asked.
“Okay, now you’ve both lost it. You’re sitting here plotting how to abduct one of our friends.”
“No. We’re talking about saving a friend, unless you know something we don’t,” Connor said.
“Wait, what would she know?” Emmitt asked looking confused.
“I don’t know. Kristen just doesn’t seem as concerned about Hannah as the rest of us. Maybe she’d like to explain why.”
“I am concerned, but I’m not going to go kidnapping her just to ask her how she’s doing. Did either of you ever think about just walking across the street and knocking on her door?”
“I’ve tried that,” Connor said. A week of chasing her had gotten him nowhere. At least with this plan he could look her in the eyes and ask her if she was all right. Though, deep down, he already knew the answer was no. People just didn’t up and shut their closest friends out of their lives for nothing and he could tell Kristen knew more than she was saying. 
Connor was losing his patience and the flashes of Hannah’s tears and Mariah’s facial burns only fueled him more. 
“You two are over reacting. When Hannah’s ready to talk to you, she will.” Kristen’s phone buzzed, and Connor looked out the window just as Hannah’s garage door closed. 
Kristen checked her phone and took a deep breath. 
“Important call?” Connor asked. 
“What? No. It’s nothing. What is with you today? You’ve been snapping at me ever since you showed up this afternoon.” 
“I wonder why.”
“Um, I’m kinda wondering that too,” Emmitt chimed in.
“I’m fine,” Conner said, feeling hot under the jaw. It annoyed him when people asked him that. God forbid if he wasn’t wearing a smile every damn second. “Can we just focus on the plan?”
“If you two want to sit and plot out a way to ensure Hannah never speaks to either of you again, then count me out of this convo.”
Kristen took the TV remote and scooted to the foot of the bed.
“Fine,” Connor said coldly. “Emmitt, I think the call should come from you. If you told her you were at the school seeing about re-enrolling, she’d come and meet you and I could be there instead.” 
“But how would you get her in your car?” Emmitt asked. 
“I could throw her over my shoulder. The real question is who’s going to keep Sean busy long enough for me to get her away?”
“I might be able to enlist some help with that. Although, it would be a lot easier with a third set of eyes,” Emmitt said looking at Kristen, who was channel surfing.
“I don’t want anything to do with this.”
“Then why don’t you just get out!” Connor’s rage had reached a boiling point.
“Connor, calm down,” Emmitt said as Kristen hit the power button and looked back at them. “Kristen, don’t mind him.”
“No, I’m serious. If she thinks this is some kind of joke, she should leave.”
“You know, I’ve tried to give you the benefit of the doubt all day, but now you’re just being a jerk,” Kristen said snatching up her purse. 
“Kristen, don’t go,” Emmitt said. 
“Let her ass go,” Connor said, causing both of their jaws to drop. Connor wasn’t a fan of profanity, but he was so pissed he couldn’t hold it in. He was willing to bet that call was from Hannah and the way he saw it, Kristen keeping their communication a secret was equal to helping Sean mistreat her. He was no friend to anyone who would do that, especially when it came to Hannah. 
He would totally have fought for Kristen if she were in that situation, but Hannah was his best friend. She was the one who was there when he was the short, squeaky-voiced geek no one knew existed, and there was no way he’d ever turn his back on her.
Connor ignored the fact that Kristen looked like she was about five seconds away from crying. He had never been so angry at her, not even when she dumped him, but he couldn’t sit in the presence of a liar.
“Dude, let me talk to you in the bathroom for a second,” Emmitt said to Connor.
“Don’t bother.” Kristen said as she scooted off the bed. “I can’t even look at him right now.” She threw on her sunglasses and climbed out the window. 
Emmitt stared at him both confused and angry. Connor didn’t want to hear it. If Emmitt had seen Hannah that night, he would be just as upset, if not more. 
“Okay, one, how could you yell at Kristen like that after the week she’s had and, two, what are you on?” Emmitt asked.
“I just—she’s lying. She’s been lying this whole damn time. Hannah’s been texting her for almost a week. I saw it on her phone and she’s sitting here not saying a damn word while the rest of us are trying to figure out a way to get to her anyway we can before…” Connor paused. 
He couldn’t tell Emmitt what he thought was going on with Hannah and Sean. Emmitt was already worked up enough. “I’m just worried that the more time goes by, the harder it’ll be to get to her.”
“But why wouldn’t Kristen just tell us that she talked to Hannah and she’s all right?”
“Maybe Hannah asked her not to, or Kristen could know there is something wrong, and she’s trying to keep us out of it.”
“I hear you. And I completely understand your frustration, but you know you can’t take that out on Kristen. Whatever her reasons for keeping it from us, it’s not to hurt Hannah and you know that. Sean is the reason she won’t talk to us. He’s the one you’re really mad at.”
Emmitt had a point. Connor just needed proof, he needed to see Hannah’s face, and then there was no stopping him. Landmines be damned, he would beat Sean to within an inch of his life and be glad he did it. Just thinking about it made his fists clench.
“I’ll go apologize to Kristen after we finish plotting this thing out, just in case she shares it with Hannah.”
“Good point. Just let me make a couple of quick calls,” Emmitt said taking his phone to the bathroom. 
Connor hated that he let himself come undone like that. Kristen wasn’t his enemy. She actually had a good point. There was no telling what Hannah’s reaction would be to them forcing her to talk to them, but he had tried everything short of punching Sean in the face for even raising his voice at her. 
He decided to give Noelle a call. She would help them. Her phone went straight to voicemail. “Hey, it’s me. I was just calling to check on you and see if you missed me yet. I know I’m certainly missing you. I’ll give you a call later.”
“Damn,” Emmitt said exiting the bathroom. 
“What?” 
“The guy who’s been keeping an eye on Sean for me is in effin L.A. We’re going to need some more help.” 
“Noelle can help, but I don’t want her anywhere near Sean.”
“Tristin might be down, if you can act right around her.”
“If she’s willing to do something to actually help someone, I’ve got no problems with her.”
“Good, but that means Brian will be out.”
“If we’re being honest I’d put more money on Tristin if it came to a fight,” Connor said.
Emmitt laughed, but Connor was very serious.




Chapter Eleven
Tristin



Tristin felt like an idiot. 
“Excuse me,” she asked approaching the flower shop cashier. “If you were trying to make up with an ex, which would you pick, blue or pink?” she asked holding up two bouquets. 
“We have a basket with baseballs and nuts that he might like better,” the cashier replied.
The assumption that she was shopping for a boy was so common that she learned to have fun with it. 
“I’m not sure balls and nuts are really her thing,” Tristin said with a grin. 
She could count down the seconds to when people’s faces grew long and they tried to stutter out some kind of recovery. But this clerk was almost blushing. She was kind of cute for a plain Jane type. Tristin went for the Brooklyn Deckard and Blake Lively type of girls, too hot to actually live in her town. Fortunately, she didn’t have to look for long. Chelsea was practically waiting on her doorstep when she finally came out to her parents. 
That was back when Tristin still gave a damn about what they thought. Their reaction was nice enough with the drawn out speech about how they loved her no matter who she was, but they were way too stuck on the lesbian stereotypes to actually see she that she was still the same person. Her mother even attended a G.L.A.A.D fundraiser, which Tristin still laughed about sometimes. 
She looked around the shop some more and found a beautiful box of red roses that made her smile. She paid for them and was headed out the door when she saw a truck drive by that looked just like Sean’s. She removed her sunglasses and had to squint, it was his license plate all right. Hannah was pretty damn light, but the girl’s arm hanging out the passenger window was too white to be hers.
Tristin dug out her phone as she rushed to her car, but she didn’t have any reception. Would it kill them to install a cell tower in a city as wealthy as Sedona? She shook her phone a few times and got a single bar long enough to send a text, she could tell Emmitt more tomorrow, right now she needed to focus on what she was going to say to Chelsea.
It was a narrow two lane road up to their mountainside home. Sean must’ve been taking the girl up to his parent’s vacation home. 
This is about Chelsea, she thought. One more turn and she would be pulling into their long driveway. 
Tristin wasn’t ready to face her, but she spotted Chelsea sitting in their glass-walled casita. Seeing her in person gave Tristin a nervous stomach, but she sucked it up and grabbed the flowers. 
Chelsea didn’t come out to greet her like she normally did. The scowl on her face was harsher than Tristin expected, but she never looked more beautiful in her short halter dress with her bikini straps exposed. The closer Tristin got to the entrance the stronger the urge to kiss her grew. 
“Hey,” Tristin said with a soft knock on the door frame, like they hadn’t just stared each other down on her way in. Chelsea replied by taking a seat on the couch. 
Tristin quickly crossed the room, handing her the box of roses as she sat beside her, but Chelsea didn’t even acknowledge them. 
They sat there, silent, Tristin trying to figure out how to begin and Chelsea looking as though she was biting her tongue. She stared at Chelsea’s lips, wondering if they would taste the same.  
Her brain doubled as a goalie, blocking all the Brian comparisons trying to slip through. Chelsea may not have been able to crush her with her body weight, but she had her own pluses and her lips were one. What Tristin got from one of Chelsea’s kisses, Brian just couldn’t compare and she hated to think she would never feel that again. 
Tristin leapt forward, pulling Chelsea’s face to hers. “I’m sorry,” she said before crushing their lips together. To her surprise Chelsea actually kissed her back, and soon they were wrapped in each other’s arms like nothing had ever happened. Tristin didn’t want to analyze it, she didn’t want to think of any second where she wasn’t allowed to feel the softest most perfect lips, but the contrast of Brian’s tender, but forceful, kisses ripped through her. 
There were two powerful forces inside of her. One was her love for Chelsea and the other was a yearning for just one more second in Brian’s arms. They fed on each other, pulling her through a hurricane of images and sensations. She found herself gripping Chelsea tighter, handling her rougher as she tried to mimic the things that Brian did when they were together, until the thoughts of him disappeared like a switch turning off. 
Chelsea pushed her off and lowered her dress. “You can’t just kiss me and expect everything to be all right,” she said out of breath.
In Tristin’s mind it was. All her fears had been dispelled. She still loved Chelsea, and more importantly, she still wanted her. 
“Do you even love me?” Chelsea asked. 
“Chelsea, I love you more than anything,” Tristin said scooting closer. “He didn’t mean anything.” Okay that wasn’t entirely true, but it wasn’t like she had any kind of chance with Brian and even if she did, he was a phase she was going through. Chelsea was her life. 
“How can you be sure? He clearly has something I can’t give you.”
“Chels, I love you. I don’t give a shit about him. I told you the whole thing was about messing with Kristen, it just went further than I...”
Tristin also didn’t expect Chelsea to smack her with a pillow, but she should’ve. Chelsea was the type of girl who’d throw a punch before she’d ever shed a tear. 
“I am so sick of your twin crap. You cheat on me, with a guy, and blame it on the dumb feud with your sister. What’s next? How much more are you willing to risk getting back at her?”
“Nothing. I’m done with it all, I promise.” It was the biggest lie Tristin had ever told. The only way to end the feud with Kristen was to put a continent between them. No one knew what it was like to unwillingly share your existence with a person you couldn’t stand. Tristin just wanted to be her own person, not half of a set. 
“Liar,” Chelsea said with a slight grin. 
Tristin took it as a good sign when it wasn’t followed by another whack in the head, She handed her the flowers again. “Okay, I promise to at least not to put you in the middle again.” 
Chelsea sniffed the roses and gave Tristin serious glare. “You do, and I swear, I’ll break your nose.”
It was a clear and valid threat. In the years they’d been dating Chelsea had been kicked out of three schools for fighting. 
“I won’t,” Tristin replied as she moved in to kiss Chelsea, who leaned back at first but eventually let their lips meet. 
At that moment she was just happy to be holding the only girl she’d ever loved while fantasizing about the only boy she’d ever wanted.




Chapter Twelve
Hannah/Connor



Hannah had searched for Sean at his house, the mall, and she even waited at his favorite burger joint hoping he might stop there. She thought he’d be waiting for her when she got home or at least reply to one of her thirty messages. 
Her face was red from riding around in the heat, and she was in no mood for company. But she didn’t want Kristen to think she was avoiding her. Hopefully Sean would call before he came back.
“Do you want to talk about it?” Kristen asked when Hannah finally came out of the bathroom. 
“Talk about what?”
“The fight. It’s all over your face and I figured I’d ask. Not that I have the best history with boyfriends. 
“It’s wasn’t a fight really. I just haven’t heard from him, and it makes me nervous.”
Hannah paced the floor gnawing on what little nails she had left. Her heart stopped every time a car drove by and she had checked the window more than a dozen times before she noticed Kristen studying her. 
She finally sat down beside her, setting her phone on the coffee table. “How did your redecorating go?” Hannah asked. 
“Fine if you don’t count jerky Connor. I think he’s on his period or something.”
“You didn’t tell him about us talking, did you?”
      “No, I didn’t say anything, but they’re both pretty worked up about you. If you’d just talk to them, I know that they’d calm down. You should go over there with me; you don’t even have to come in. They just want to see you and know that you’re all right.”
Hannah couldn’t face either of them. They would see it the moment they laid eyes on her. And she didn’t want any more trouble. Dodging Connor wasn’t going to work forever, but she needed more time. If she could get some rest and let her bruises heal, she could pull off talking to him, but then there was the issue of Sean.
Hannah checked her phone again and rushed back to the window. Where was he? 
A knot the size of a baseball formed in her stomach. The way he sped off, she was beginning to worry something bad may have happened to him. She was really tempted to call his brother, but was afraid of what Sean would do if he found out. He and his brother were close, but there’d been a lot of tension between him and his entire family since he was kicked off the baseball team. 
She didn’t want to cause anymore drama at home for him, but she couldn’t just sit around when he might be hurt somewhere. 
“I’ll call Connor later. I just can’t see them right now,” Hannah said pacing the floor again. “I don’t mean to put you in the middle, it’s just…”
“You’re not. Those boys don’t scare me. You talk to them when you’re ready. I won’t say anything.”
Hannah was so grateful for Kristen that she wanted to cry, but she didn’t. “Thank you—” she started, but her phone ringing made her jump. It was an unknown number. 
“Hello,” she said as she anxiously answered. 
“Hey, it’s me. My phone won’t answer up here, but I got your messages,” Sean said and Hannah sighed. 
She was so relieved to hear his voice. “I was out looking for you…”
“I kept driving when I left your place and I ended up in Sedona. Hannah, I am so sorry. I need you to believe that I didn’t mean to do those things to you and I promise I won’t ever hurt you again. I wanted to tell you that when I got there. I was just so upset with myself that I didn’t want to scare you.”
Hannah could have said something to reassure him, but saying anything would have taken away from how wrong his actions were. She mouthed to Kristen that she would be a minute and headed down the hall to her room. “I’m glad you’re all right.”
“I love you so much. I know I haven’t shown it, but I will. I’m staying here tonight, but I’ll be back tomorrow.”
Hannah was glad to hear him acknowledge that he was wrong, and even more excited to have some time alone. Her jaw unclenched and she finally let herself relax. No checking her phone, or the window, for when he might show up. She could actually enjoy a conversation with Kristen, maybe even go to a movie. “I love you too,” she said.
She heard a thump on his end of the phone followed by a long pauses. “Sean?” Hannah couldn’t make out the noise in the background. It sounded like he might have dropped the phone. 
“Hannah,” he said loudly, and the noise stopped.  “I uh—I gotta go, but I’ll call you tomorrow,” Sean said sounding startled.
“Are you all right?” she asked but he had already hung up. 
It was weird, but she was honestly too relieved and worn out to worry about it. She intended to relax and enjoy the rest of her Saturday, but she got light-headed as she headed back to the living room. 
“Did you two work everything out?” Kristen asked. 
Hannah leaned against the wall trying to ignore the heat smoldering under her sweater. She must have been riding in the sun too long. 
“Yeah we’re good. He’s out of…” A rush of heat attacked her. 
“Are you all right?”
Gripping the wall, Hannah slumped to the floor. 
Kristen rushed to her side feeling her head. “Hannah, you’re burning up.” 
She didn’t object when Kristen pulled her into the bathroom or when she dumped her in a cold shower. “I’m going to get you some ice water,” Kristen said before disappearing. 
The water felt good on Hannah’s face but her back was still burning. She pulled up the back of her hoodie, letting the water hit her bare skin. The outer layers were chilling but inside she was still on fire. 
Kristen returned with a vase filled with a water and ice and straw. “It was the biggest glass I could find. Drink,” she said holding the straw to Hannah’s mouth. She nearly choked herself on the first couple of swigs, but soon she was chugging it down, holding the vase with both hands. 
Kristen used a bowl to dump cold water on her head until Hannah was done drinking. “Better?” she asked.
Hannah nodded her head, both dazed and confused. “Thank you,” she said out of breath. 
The dizziness had mostly passed, but she felt exhausted. She laid down in the tub, her soaked sweater weighing her down. 
“You should probably take those off,” Kristen said pulling at the sleeve of her sweater. 
“No,” Hannah whispered. “It feels good.” However, her jeans did not. She tried to wiggle out of them, but only got to her knees before she started to doze off. 
“Hannah,” Kristen called, sounding far away. “Hannah, you can’t sleep in the tub. Let me help you to your room.”
Hannah felt Kristen pulling at her arms, but she was too tired to wake up. 

***
Connor and Emmitt had been planning out the abduction most of the evening, drawing maps of the school and trying to come up with something to distract Sean.
“What if we prank call him?” Connor asked. 
“There’s no guarantee it will work. What if he doesn’t answer? We need more help.”
The thump at the window startled them both. Connor pulled back the curtains to see Kristen. The front of her clothes were all wet and she was wheezing. He opened the window and pulled her in. 
“What happened to you?” Emmitt asked as she collapsed on the floor. 
Connor rushed to the bathroom and came back with towels. He attempted to pat her dry, but she was shaking so bad he pulled her into his lap. 
“What happened? Was it Brian?” Connor asked. He thought maybe he was still following her and set her off again, but she shook her head. 
“Kristen, what’s wrong? Was someone out there?” Emmitt asked, but all she did was shake her head again. 
Connor met Emmitt’s worried eyes as Emmitt instinctively opened his arms for him to hand Kristen over. Whatever had spooked her he was going to have to find for himself. He shifted Kristen into Emmitt’s arms and was about to climb out the window when she whispered, “I’ll do it.”
“Do what?” Emmitt asked. 
Kristen wiped her tears and looked Connor in the eyes. “I’ll help you get Hannah away from Sean.”

***
Hannah rolled over and felt a pillow against her face. Her eyes opened wide, and she sat up in her bed dry and wearing a gown. She looked around the dark room, and there was no sign of Kristen. Her head was still a little foggy from the heat exhaustion, but she managed to climb out of bed and stumble into her bathroom. She flipped on the light and gasped as she stared at her visible bruises in the mirror.





EPISODE 4



All great changes are preceded by chaos.

Deepak Chopra




Chapter One
Emmitt/Kristen



Emmitt had so much to tell Hannah that he didn’t think an afternoon would be enough time. There was no telling how she’d take the news of Sean’s pill popping. Hurting her was the last thing he ever wanted to do, but she had to know who Sean really was before someone else got hurt. Emmitt pulled together a quick video chat before school to go over the plan one last time.
“Okay you got us here, now can we hurry this up? Some of us have a whole student body to deal with,” Kristen said as she searched her closet. Her image blurred and he thought he caught a glimpse of ruffled panties. The video stream of Connor’s jaw dropping meant he saw it too. 
“Kristen, you do know we can all see you, right?” Connor asked already sounding frustrated.  
Emmitt could never do the abstinence thing. There were too many girls and too many opportunities. Connor wouldn’t be so damn temperamental if he got some. 
“Kiss it, jerk,” Kristen said mooning the camera. 
“This must be how you won the popular vote,” Tristin said sticking her finger down her throat at the bottom of Emmitt’s screen. 
Kristen froze and clicked her screen. Emmitt was busted. He thought he could include Tristin without her sister finding out, but he should’ve known Tristin couldn’t keep her mouth shut. 
“Tristin, what part of silent didn’t you understand?” Emmitt asked. 
“What is she doing on?” Kristen asked. 
“We needed extra back up.” Emmitt made Tristin’s screen public and the three videos streamed at the top of his screen. 
“Well, call someone else. I’m not doing this if she’s involved.” 
“Would you shut up? Everything is not about you,” Tristin yelled. 
“You both need to shut up. It’s too damn early for your twinemy crap,” Connor shouted,  causing both the girls to gasp. 
Emmitt seriously started to worry. He’d seen Connor lose his temper before, and it was like he became a different person. The kid had a serious split personality thing going on. Thankfully, he rarely ever let himself get upset enough to let it out.
“Well, look who decided to grow a pair,” Tristin smirked. 
“Yeah, a blue pair,” Kristen laughed. 
“Emmitt, I’m out. Call me later,” Connor said visibly insulted. 
“No! Nobody is out. We’re all here to help Hannah and you all should be able to put your issues aside for one day. Now can we please go over the plan?” Looking at their scowling faces, the thought occurred to him that he might have been better off hiring professionals. 
“If these two can be civil,” Connor said. 
“Look, I’m just here to help,” Tristin said. 
“Oh, don’t act like I’m the one with the problem, when I’m sandwiched between the two of you.” Kristen folded her arms, turning her back to the camera. 
“Kristen, it’s just one day. Can we call a truce and let all the drama pick back up tomorrow? For Hannah?” Emmitt asked. 
Kristen turned back to the camera and took a deep breath. “Don’t make me regret this,” she said. 
“She won’t,” Emmitt answered for Tristin. “Tristin?” 
“What do you want a damn pinky swear? I said ‘I’m cool.’ Just tell me what to do.” 
“Tristin, you’re our back up. Stay close to Sean and let us know when he’s heading our way,” Emmitt said. “Kristen will set up the meeting and Connor will be there to grab Hannah.”
“And who’s going to help Connor?” Kristen asked. 
“I’ve got that covered,” Connor said. 
“And I’m working on a couple of other pieces that could tie Sean up a bit after school. The important thing is for you all to look out for one another; steer clear of Sean and make Hannah think it’s just a regular day.”
“What if she approaches us?” Kristen asked. 
“There’s very little chance of that with the way she’s been dodging all of us,” Connor said sharply. Emmitt knew he was still angry about Kristen being tight-lipped about what she knew about Hannah, but whatever it was they would all know by the end of the day and Emmitt hoped it would calm him down. 
Connor checked his watch. “We better get going, I’ll text you at lunch,” he said before logging off.
“All right,  Angels, I’m counting on you two,” Emmitt said gaining an eerily synchronized “bird” from Kristen and Tristin.

***
Kristen turned off her webcam and paused as she grabbed her skirt. The images of Hannah’s bruises had been eating away at her for two days. Telling the boys would’ve ignited a war, but she needed to tell someone, someone who would know how important it was that no one found out. She hated turning to her sister, but decided to check her own pride to help Hannah. 
Kristen got dressed and waited in the hallway for Tristin. She immediately wanted to run when her door finally opened. 
“We said truce,” Tristin said as she paused in the doorway. 
“It’s not about that,” Kristen said. “I need to tell you something that you can’t tell anyone, even the person it’s about.” 
“Why would I care about any of your secrets?”
“It’s about Hannah, she’s in trouble.”
“Like preggers trouble or trouble-trouble?” 
“Trouble-trouble,” Kristen said. 
“What is it?” 
“If Emmitt and Connor found out, I don’t know what they’d do.” 
“Will you just tell me what it is already?” 
Kristen wasn’t sure Tristin could be trusted; she just hoped she cared enough about Emmitt to want to keep him out of jail.
“I think Sean’s hitting her,” Kristen blurted out. “I was over there Saturday and she passed out in the tub so I helped her to bed, but when I was changing her clothes she had bruises everywhere.” 
Tristin’s jaw looked tight enough to shatter her teeth. 
“This is why you can’t tell Emmitt. You saw Connor. He already looks like he’s on the verge of killing someone, and Hannah’s already got so much crap about her out there.” 
“Does she know that you saw them?” Kristen asked. 
“Yeah, she’s been texting me nonstop, but I don’t know what to say to her. I know she’s going to be waiting for me when I get to school. I want to help her. I just don’t know how.”
“Stick close to Connor. She won’t talk to you if he’s around,” Tristin said. 
“But how do we help Hannah?” 
“By hoping she’s a good enough liar to fool those two. Tomorrow we can start figuring out a way of getting her dumb ass away from Sean.” 
“What if she doesn’t want that? I’ve seen the way he controls her.” 
“That’s where the details come into play. I’m guessing you didn’t have the balls to get any photos of the bruises,” Tristin said.
“No.” 
“Of course not,” Tristin said pulling a pen and notepad out of her backpack. “Well the good thing is she doesn’t know that. Here, write down everything you saw. I’ll need colors, body parts as much as you can remember.” 
“How’s this going to help?” Kristen asked taking the pen and pad. 
“Don’t worry about it. I have my ways of getting what I want.”
Kristen rolled her eyes, and swallowed her insulting reply. Anything to help Hannah.


Chapter Two
Dax/ Hannah



Watching Noelle shift through his playlist reminded Dax of why he enjoyed riding by himself. 
“Would you just pick a song and let it play?” he said rolling his eyes. 
“It’s not my fault you don’t have anything good,” she said checking her phone for the tenth time. “Isn’t it part of your job to have current music?”
“My collection is current. Most of the artists in there are the stars of tomorrow.” 
“Whatever.” 
Dax had been watching her fiddle with her jewelry and stare out the window as if she had something or someone on her mind. She seemed nervous and he wanted to know why. 
“So where’s the BF this morning?” 
“He had to get to school early to help with the display cases.” 
“Since when is he on student council?” Dax asked fully knowing the answer. Connor was a part of anything Kristen was doing, which was probably what had Noelle jumpy.
“Can I ask you something…off the record?” 
“Hell, yeah,” Dax said enthused. He couldn’t help it. Morning drama was his all-time favorite. Anything going down before eight was guaranteed to have something to do with the bedroom. 
“Say you had a favorite shirt that you wore all the time and someone borrowed it without asking, would you be able to tell it had been worn?” 
“If it smelled different,” Dax replied. 
“No, I mean would it feel different, like maybe the neck had been stretched or something.” 
Dax wasn’t a fashion enthusiast and neither was Noelle. 
“Is this really about a shirt or is this just a really bad analogy?”
“Off the record?” 
“I thought we already established that.” 
“Look this is very sensitive information that could get a friend of mine in a lot of trouble.” 
It had to be a Sean issue. It was no secret that Noelle didn’t exactly have many friends. Before she got with Connor she was just a wannabe who hung out in the library. Dax had taught her the basics of social climbing, which she’d put to pretty good use. 
“Just ask your question. I’m sure whatever it is, it isn’t newsworthy to me,” Dax lied. Anything could be newsworthy if spun by the right reporter.
“All right. So this girl I know hooked up with this guy and now she’s worried her boyfriend will be able to tell.” 
If Dax had an antenna it would have been pocking the roof of his Beetle.
“That depends, is she still hooking up with the other guy?” 
“No.” 
“So what you’re asking me is if her boyfriend will be able to feel the difference?” 
Talking about girl parts really creeped him out, but it was his journalistic duty to get through it.
“I guess so.” 
It was the gift that kept giving. Not only had he confirmed that Sean and Noelle were over, but he also might’ve had a lead that Connor was actually attempting to do the deed. The wheels were churning with ideas of a whole new exposé as he pulled into the student parking lot. 
“Why are you grinning?” Noelle asked, causing Dax to tone down his excitement. 
“Nothing. I just think it’s weird that you would ask me. I know I’m pretty, but that doesn’t mean I actually know how your stuff works down there.” 
“It’s not my stuff,” Noelle said defensively. “I was just curious when she told me about it.” 
“Well, sorry, I can’t help. Tell her to Google it,” Dax said before getting out of the car. 
He had developed too much of a soft spot for the girl and it went against everything he held sacred about delivering Crissana’s dirtiest secrets. His story wouldn’t carry much weight if she and Sean had really called it off, but he still needed something to burn Sean with. Emmitt wanted results, and Dax wasn’t about to fail him. What he needed was a way of outing Sean without dragging Noelle down with him. 
“So how do you know she isn’t still seeing the guy?” 
“He went back to his girlfriend,” she said a little sullen. 
Dax had no intentions of becoming a Dear Abby, but he decided since he was off the record he could do a little good. “Look, tell your friend to stop being a dumbass, keep to her own boyfriend for as long as she can, and don’t worry about the fit.” He grinned. “A good tee shirt snaps back to its normal shape after a good wash.”
He scanned the parking lot noticing immediately two cars missing, Connor and Kristen’s. He was certain God didn’t love him enough to drop another secret affair in his lap, but he sure liked the thought of it.     

***
Hannah looked for Kristen’s car as soon as Sean pulled into the parking lot. She couldn’t even concern herself with how she was going to get away from him. She had to find Kristen and somehow convince her to keep quiet about what she saw. 
“You all right?” Sean asked startling her. 
Hannah had imagined every scenario possible and there wasn’t a single one where Kristen didn’t see her bruises. She found her clothes in the hamper and the wet mop in the hall bathroom. She gave serious thought to walking over to Emmitt’s when Kristen didn’t answer her phone, but she couldn’t face him and Connor, not in her current state. 
“I’m fine.  I just need to find Kristen so she can copy my Government notes.” 
Sean had been true to his word so far by not hitting her again. They even had a decent Sunday just watching movies. He was so attentive to her bruises, helping her pick an outfit that would cover everything. She could tell he felt bad. 
He parked close to the entrance and got out to open her door. “I’ll see you at lunch?” he asked. Apparently she had also gained freedom in their new deal. Whatever it was she didn’t have time to question it. 
Hannah kissed Sean goodbye and waited at Kristen’s parking spot. It wasn’t even eight and her long sleeve shirt felt like a sauna. All the girls passing by gave her fall-inspired outfit a curious glare. A week or two of recovery and she’d be back to her shorts and skirts, though her bald spot would take a lot longer to grow back. 
The bad memories never let her forget, but she still celebrated every ‘hit free’ day. Sean was changing, things were getting better. Hannah couldn’t wait for the whole thing to be a fading memory, but first she had to deal with Kristen. 
Ten minutes passed, and there was still no sign of her. Hannah spotted Connor pulling into the parking lot and her chest tightened. It was the wrong reaction to have at the thought of seeing her oldest friend, but the fear of him knowing anything about Sean terrified her. Emmitt would be pissed if he ever found out, but Connor, he didn’t really have an off button when he got upset. 
Kristen and Tristin pulled in behind him and they all headed straight for the overflow lot. There was no way she could approach Kristen with Connor around so she headed to her locker, hoping she could catch up with her before lunch.




Chapter Three
Kristen/Dax/Hannah



Kristen was so nervous she could puke. She’d slipped out of gym five minutes early so she could pretend to be passing Hannah’s class as she came out. Her phone buzzed in her pocket and she jumped. 
Stop looking so
damn nervous.

She looked around and found Tristin at the end of the hall. The bell rang, before she could reply and she waited on the side of a row of lockers. Once Hannah stepped out into the hall, Kristen took a deep breath and headed in the opposite direction, toward the cafeteria. 
“Kristen!” Hannah called. Kristen stopped. 
Sean was headed their way with Tristin tailing him from a safe distance. 
Kristen turned around and motioned for Hannah to stoop down. She immediately ducked and Kristen guided her into the band room.
“Don’t get up yet,” Kristen said, peeking out the window until Sean and Tristin passed. “Okay, you’re clear.” 
She and Hannah locked eyes, and Kristen teared up. She still couldn’t believe this had been going on under all of their noses, and there was also the question of how long. Kristen hugged her friend, feeling as though it was the only thing she could do at the moment. “I know you don’t have long, but I really need to talk to you.”
“I wanna talk to you too.” 
“Who do you have sixth period? I’ll get you a hall pass and text you where to meet me.” 
“I’ve got Trig. With Ms. Burrell.”
Kristen hugged her again. “I didn’t tell anyone,” she whispered.
“Thank you.” 
 When Kristen finally released her, Hannah wiped away a few tears. 
“I better go.” 
“Okay. I’ll hang out here for a minute so no one gets suspicious.” 
Hannah waved goodbye before slipping out the door and Kristen let out a nervous breath before texting Connor the good news. 
She waited another couple of minutes before stepping out into the hallway, and she immediately regretted it when she saw Brian heading her way. 
She grabbed the straps of her backpack and lowered her eyes to the ground as she stomped passed him. 
“Kristen,” his voice made her shiver. She couldn’t look at him. Her tongue even felt numb. “I promise I wasn’t trying to follow you. Connor asked if I could help him out with your…project and I told him I’d check with you first.”
This was ridiculous. She hadn’t done anything to feel uncomfortable about. He was the one who cheated. Kristen lifted her head and straightened her spine only to meet his sad face. She was still so angry at him, more than she was with Tristin. Kristen expected her sister to be a heartless bitch, but she never thought Brian would…
She shook the flashback of the two of them from her head. “I don’t care what you do anymore. Just don’t be at Emmitt’s when I’m there,” she said before stomping away. 

***
“I don’t know about this,” Dax said to Emmitt over Bluetooth as he adjusted his yellow wig. 
“Come on, dude. You said you’d help me out.” 
“That was before I knew you were asking me to risk my reputation. Rumors are fun and all, but I don’t want to lose credibility with my followers by posting false stories.” 
“Dax, please? I’ll return the favor. I swear. I just need you to spin something serious enough to make the staff question him about it,” Emmitt said. 
Dax huffed and checked his watch. Emmitt could’ve texted him this morning or last night. Even if he did agree to do it, what story could he make up that would get the administrators’ attention?
“Before I agree to anything, I’m gonna need to know the whole story.” 
“There is no story, we just need a window.” 
“We? Who else is working this operation?” Dax asked. 
“Are you gonna help us or not?” 
The pieces were coming together now; last week’s meeting at Emmitt’s, Kristen and Connor’s late arrival, and now the smear campaign. 
“Are you guys plotting revenge?” 
Dax grinned so wide his cheeks burned. Vigilante justice led by the brother of the victim was beyond juicy.
“This isn’t about Sean. We’re trying to get to Hannah,” Emmitt said. 
“Well, it’s about damn time!” Dax said louder than he intended.
“So you’ll help us?” 
“Absolutely!” He checked his watch again. “Shit, I’m late. I’ll call you afterwards.” 
“Thanks. I owe you, big time,” Emmitt said before hanging up.
He most certainly did. It’d be a miracle if Dax could actually pull this off with just seconds to prepare.
He pulled up his desktop folder on Sean and opened the photo of him and Noelle. It was the easiest option, but exposing Noelle meant losing her as a friend and his key to finding Careless Citizen. He closed the folder, making the decision to wing it. 
“Here goes nothing,” he said as he updated the title of his blog and uploaded an old photo of Sean.
***
Kristen sat with Connor and Noelle, nervously awaiting the Sun Vlogger report.
“I missed you this morning,” Noelle whispered as she climbed into Connor’s lap. 
Kristen rolled her eyes and turned her attention to Hannah and Sean, who had relocated to a smaller table near the entrance.
“I missed you too,” Connor replied to Noelle. 
Kristen was officially getting nauseous. How could he act so normal while she was a nervous wreck. 
“Have you heard from Emmitt?” she asked Connor who couldn’t take his eyes or hands off his girlfriend. She was way too fresh off her breakup to handle their PDA. Watching them made her think of Brian, which only caused her chest to tighten more.
“Not yet. Did Brian find you?” Connor asked.
“Wait, you and Brian made up?” Noelle asked. 
“No,” she replied. “And thanks for that.” 
“You know I wouldn’t have asked if I didn’t need the help.” 
“Whatever.” 
Kristen was over Connor and his attitude. He wasn’t snapping at Noelle or Emmitt, or Brian for that matter. All of his anger appeared to be directed at her. 
“Are you two having a fight or something?” Noelle asked. 
“Yes,” Kristen said. 
“No, we’re not.” Connor replied.
“Well, that’s not what it looks like,” Noelle said.
At least one of them was observant enough to acknowledge it. Connor hadn’t even attempted to apologize for the way he’d acted Saturday, which was completely unlike him. 
The chime from Kristen’s iPad drew their attention to the Sun Vlogger’s live stream.
“So sorry for my tardiness, but I was gathering intel on a story you all need to hear.” 
The photo of Sean popped up on the screen, and the silence fell over the cafeteria. 
“So it appears Mr. Amarko isn’t fairing as well as he appears which could explain his deteriorating GF.  Sources tell me that not only has Sean been on around-the-clock suicide watch, but poor Hannah actually had to talk him down off his roof this past weekend. And if that wasn’t tragic enough, photos have just surfaced of Sean getting high behind the Burger Shack.
The loud screech of a chair caused Kristen to look back in time to see Hannah following Sean out into the hall.
“I’ll be right back,” Noelle whispered as Kristen turned back to the vlog. 
“I’m still working on fully verifying the photos, but as soon as I do they’ll be posted for your viewing pleasure,” the Vlogger said.
“I don’t know about this,” Kristen said feeling her stomach sink. What if Sean took his anger out on Hannah before they could even get to her?
“It’s gonna be fine. The counselor will have to question Sean after hearing this, which will give us time to clear the school,” Connor whispered as the Sun Vlogger moved on to other news.
Kristen caught Connor motioning to someone behind her and turned to see Brian a few tables away. 
“Am I interrupting something?” she asked. 
“We just need to go over the plan, if you’re all right with him helping out.” 
“You can text me the details,” Kristen said as she stood and headed for the exit.

***
“And lastly kiddos, I’m sad to report the first stork of the school year has already dropped. It appears Megan Fremont had a little too good of a summer in Colorado and came home knocked up. Way to start sophomore year! I’ve got nine more storks left; keep sending in your tweets and emails and please try to remember my hotline isn’t for who you’d like to see preggers. 
“Well, that’s all for today. Tune in tomorrow for my report from the frontlines of last weekend’s Teen Choice Awards.”
Dax flipped off his camera and let out a huge sigh. His phone buzzed and he checked it, thinking it was just Emmitt, but it was from an unknown number.

What a load of unfounded
crap. Why didn’t you just
use the photo I gifted you?

Maybe his story wasn’t as convincing as he thought. He peeked out into the hall before slipping out of the janitor’s closet and locking the door. 
So Careless Citizen knew he was faking. He’d had three years of solid reporting and nearly eighteen hundred followers who believed him. No matter how accurate she was, the accusation left a bad taste in his mouth. She already knew his real identity and his phone number, what was next? Dax set a reminder on his phone to change all his passwords when he got home. Until he knew who he was dealing with, he’d have to be on high alert. 
He’d just passed the girls restroom when the door swung open, and he was pulled inside.

***
 Hannah watched Sean pace between a set of lockers for a couple of minutes. She knew anything she said ran the risk of setting him off, but her silence didn’t appear to be helping him calm down any. 
“No one’s gonna believe that stuff is true,” she said.
He slammed his fist into the side of one of the lockers, leaving a noticeable dent. “I’m so sick of this!” 
Hannah checked his hand. It was a little red, but there didn’t look to be any swelling yet. “What if you transferred?” she asked before even really thinking about it.
“What are you saying, you want me to leave?” he asked gripping her arms. 
“No,” she said as fear filled her chest. “I just don’t want them to get to you.” 
“Who, your so-called friends? Is that what you were texting Kristen about?” 
His grip tightened, and Hannah’s lungs deflated. 
He wouldn’t hurt her at school. At least she hoped he wouldn’t. 
“Sean, please…” she whispered. “Please, let me go.”
She quickly glanced to the left and then to the right, spotting Kristen at the end of the hall before she ducked out of sight. 
“You can’t do this here,” Hannah whispered more assertively.
Sean blinked and couple of times and loosened his grip before pulling her into a hug. “I wasn’t…I’m sorry. Promise me, you won’t turn on me too.” 
“I’d never do that to you,” she said as she hugged him back. “I’ll fix this. I promise,” she said as she slipped out of his arms, careful not to upset him again. “I’ll be right back.”
Hannah handed Sean her backpack and adjusted her clothes before heading for the cafeteria. She passed Kristen, who was hiding between lockers, but she didn’t make eye contact. Instead, she pushed open the cafeteria doors and stormed right up to Connor’s table where he and Brian were huddled together. 
“I’m fine!” she yelled gaining their attention. “So you can stop spreading rumors now.”
“Hannah, what are you talking about?” Connor asked. His phone buzzed as he stood, and she spotted Emmitt’s picture on his screen before he hit the ignore button. 
“If you really want to help me, you can start by leaving Sean alone.” 
She ignored the stares and whispers as she exited. Kristen looked like she was going to say something as Hannah passed her again, but she signaled for her not to.
Sean watched, and she didn’t want him and Kristen to cross paths. Especially, not with Kristen knowing about the bruises. 
“You didn’t have to do that,” Sean said as she took his hand. 
“Yes, I did. Messing with you means they’re messing with me, and I won’t stand for it.”
He leaned in to kiss her, and they both paused at the muffled yelling coming from around the corner. 

***
“Tell me what you know!” Noelle yelled, holding Dax by his collar. 
“What don’t I know?” he asked as he yanked his shirt free and leaned back against the door and locked it.
“You mean…” 
“Yes. You know nothing happens in this town without me knowing.” 
Her face went pale before developing a greenish-hue. 
“Relax? If I wanted to out you I would’ve done it already. Especially now that I know you two are done.” 
Noelle’s eyes widened with rage as she paced the floor. “I can’t believe you. I thought you were my friend.” 
“Don’t try to play the victim here. My focus was only on Sean. You’re the one who got yourself trapped in the spotlight.” 
“Dax, please,” Noelle said dropping to her knees. “Connor can’t find out about this. I swear, I’ll do whatever you want.”
“Would you get up?” Dax helped her to her feet. “I don’t need you to do anything except help me with that project I was telling you about last week.” 
 “Whatever it is, I’ll do it.” 
“Good, because we haven’t got much time. I’m dedicating my big homecoming exposé to taking down Careless Citizen.”




Chapter Four
Emmitt/Hannah



“Where did it happen?” Emmitt asked Connor over the phone.
“In front of the entire cafeteria. She was really mad. Like the time we snuck that skunk into her tent mad.” 
“Do you think she suspected anything?”
“I don’t know. She pretty much chewed me out and took off. What if Kristen was right? What if this pushes her even further away?” 
“Connor, don’t punk out on me now.” 
“I’m not.”
“Hold on, I just got a text from Kristen.”
Emmitt pulled up his messages. “She says she saw Hannah and Sean in the hall and that we better make sure this thing works.” 
Emmitt had been fielding calls and texts all day. He just wanted it to be three o’ clock already. He’d never gone so long without talking to Hannah. Not even when his parents took he and Ellie to Europe for their eighth grade graduation. He was convinced that seeing her face-to-face would make everything all right again. Maybe he could finally get some real sleep.  
“Noelle’s coming back. I’ll text when I’m on my way,” Connor said.
“All right. Hey, did you get Brian on board?” 
“Yes. And thanks to you, Kristen’s even more mad at me.” 
“She probably wouldn’t be so mad if you’d apologize to her already.” 
“I’m not the one who lied!” Connor yelled and hung up.
Emmitt’s jaw dropped as he stared at his phone. Connor’s jerky attitude was now starting to piss him off too. But he couldn’t afford to get distracted; he had one last check-in to make before he started getting ready. 
“How many times are you going to call me today?” Tristin answered. 
“Until you tell me it’s done.” 
“Have I ever failed you? I just finished.” 
Emmitt grinned. “I could kiss you right now.” 
“And I could puke just thinking about it.”
“Sounds like you’re back to your old self.”
“I am.”
“So you and Chelsea worked things out?” 
“Something like that. How are you feeling about your reunion with Hannah? You haven’t been passing out again, have you?”
“Not today.” It was a record for him based on the past month. All he could think about was seeing Hannah and how he was going to break the news to her about Sean being on steroids.
“Did you eat?” Tristin asked.
“Yes, Mother.” 
“Don’t call me that. I’m just trying to make sure you’re all right, you jerk.” 
“I’m fine, really. My mom caved and gave me a mini-fridge. I guess she felt bad for trying to starve me out of my room.” 
“Since when has your mom ever given in so easily?” 
“Never. She’s up to something, but I’m staying two steps ahead of her,” Emmitt said.
“Good. If you need anything, just text me. I’m heading back in before the bell rings.”
“All right. You coming over after you’re done with Sean?”
“I’ve got some other business to tend to, but I’ll call you afterwards.”

***
Hannah gnawed her eraser off as she stared at the classroom door. She felt bad for making a scene at lunch, but not for what she said. Things were finally starting to get better with Sean, which meant she was closer to getting back to her normal life and her friends. All she needed was a little more time and for Kristen to keep her mouth shut. 
Halfway through sixth period, there was a knock at the door. Hannah started gathering her things before Ms. Burrell even called her name. Her stomach dropped the second she stepped out into the hall. How was she going to convince Kristen that the bruises weren’t what they looked like? And if she couldn’t, what would it take to keep her quiet? 
It wasn’t a secret Kristen would be comfortable keeping to herself, but maybe she could convince her that she had it under control. Kristen texted for Hannah to meet her in the student council workshop. Hannah had no idea the place even existed until Ellie and Kristen decided to run for student council. They all spent their Saturday making posters and filming the stupidest Kik and Vine videos for their campaign. Even Sean stopped by to help. The Sun Vlogger said no one else had a chance against their ‘Rock Star’ campaign; not even Tristin’s tagging all over Kristen’s photos could stop them. 
So much had changed in their lives over the past couple of months. It honestly felt like years since they’d all been in the same room together. 
Hannah opened the door. “Kristen,” she whispered as she stepped inside the dark room. All she could see was the crack in the door leading to the parking lot and approached it, but just as she reached for the handle a pair of arms wrapped around her from behind and covered her mouth. 
Hannah head butted her attacker and they rocked back on their heels. 
“Ouch!” a familiar voice yelled. “A little help would be nice.” 
It took a few seconds for her to realize it was Brian. Hannah tried to wiggle free, but her feet weren’t touching the ground. He twirled her around and the room flooded with light as he carried her out the door. 
She screamed for help, but the sound was muffled by his hand. He pulled her into the backseat of a car. 
Brian finally removed his hand from her mouth after the car jerked forward. 
“What are you doing?” Hannah shoved Brian before she spotted Connor. 
“You left us no choice,” Connor said as she met his eyes in the rearview mirror. “Just sit back and calm down.”
“You can’t! How could you?” Hannah yelled. “Stop the car.” 
The thought of Sean looking for her after school slammed her in the chest so hard she nearly gasped as they exited the parking lot. “You have to take me back right now. Please,” she pleaded. 
“Not until you tell us what the hell is going on,” Connor said.


Chapter Five
Dax



Dax hadn’t heard from Emmitt and was dying to know how his plan turned out. He barely got his locker open when he spotted Noelle headed his way. 
“Let me guess, you need a ride?” he asked when she finally reached him.
“Trust me; I wouldn’t be bothering you if I had any other way,” she said sounding annoyed.
“Choir boy ditch you for Bible study or something?” 
“Don’t know, and I don’t care. I just wanna go home.” 
Dax closed his locker and met her scowl. “Stop moping. A part-time boyfriend is better than none.” 
“I won’t even have that if you don’t keep your end of our bargain.” 
“Stop worrying. I said I wouldn’t out you and I meant it. How cool would it be if I could Photoshop Careless Citizen’s head onto your body and burn them both at the same time.” He amazed himself with the ideas he could conjure up. 
“Why are you always on Sean’s case? He’s not a bad person,” Noelle said.
Dax stopped mid-step and turned to face her. “You can’t be serious.” 
“He made a mistake,” Noelle whispered. “And he’s really messed up by it. He was actually crying the last time I saw him.”
“When was that again?” Dax asked.
“None of your business,” Noelle said as they headed for the exit. 
“Where is she?” Sean’s voice brought the entire hallway to a halt. 
Dax and Noelle both looked at each other before they shoved their way to the front of the gathering crowd.  
Sean and Kristen were at a standoff in front of her locker. 
     “Even if I did know, I wouldn’t tell you,” Kristen said. 
Sean’s face was so red that Dax thought he might actually take a swing at Kristen, who looked like she was thinking the same thing. He punched the locker beside her head and Kristen let out a scream as she ducked. 
“You think this is some kind of game? Tell me where she is!” 
Tristin came out nowhere and slapped Sean so hard the sound bounced off the walls. 
“Stay the hell away from my sister.”
“The Dean’s coming!” someone shouted and Sean rushed for the exit. The gossiping crowd started moving again and Dax could see the twins whispering to one another. 
“You still wanna stick to the ‘Sean’s a nice guy’ story?” Dax asked Noelle. “Where did Connor say he was going again?” 
“He didn’t.” 
“I think it would be wise of you to find out before those two cross paths.” 
Dax grinned when she pulled out her phone and fired off a text. She was way too easy to manipulate. He slowed down when they reached the twins, trying to catch a bit of their hushed conversation. It was a rare day indeed to see the TK twins actually working together. 
“Where did you park?” Tristin asked her sister. 
“In the back.” 
“Good. Hurry up and get to Emmitt’s. Sean—”
“Do you think I should call him?” Noelle asked Dax, causing him to miss what Tristin said. 
“Yeah, give him a call.” 
Dax grinned at how well they’d orchestrated their plan; it was like old times, except for the fact that Ellie wasn’t leading the charge. He was sure Noelle had a bit of appreciation for that. Dax had never known Ellie Lawson to hate anyone, but Noelle entering her social circle had brought out an admirably evil side in her. 
“Connor,” Noelle said, covering one ear. “Where are you, who is that yelling?” 
Dax leaned in closer to hear his reply and Noelle stepped away from him. 
“You couldn’t have told me that at lunch? I’m sitting here like an idiot waiting for you.” She paced at the entrance and Dax heard yelling coming from the parking lot. 
“Don’t even bother. You can stay with your friends. They mean more to you than me anyway,” Noelle said before hanging up.
She mashed her send button hard after another quick text just as Dax joined her at the school’s front door. 
Another crowd had formed around Sean’s truck and when they got closer he could see all four tires had been flattened. He looked back to see Tristin wearing a proud grin as she watched from the entrance. 
Sean paced the length of his truck before stopping to check his phone. He scanned the crowd and stopped when he reached Dax. Dax looked at Noelle then snatched her phone. 
“What are you doing?” Noelle asked reaching for her phone as Dax scrolled through her text messages. 
“Checking to see who you just texted.” His mouth dropped when he read the text telling Sean that Hannah was at Emmitt’s. “I cannot believe you just did that.”
Sean headed for the street on foot, and Dax knew he had to warn Emmitt. 
“Take my keys and go start the AC,” he said handing them to Noelle.
“What about my phone?” 
“Sure, you can have it back, if you’d rather walk.” 
Noelle rolled her eyes and stomped off toward his car. Dax waited until she was out of sight before he pulled out his phone and dialed Emmitt. 
“Pick up, pick up,” he whispered as the phone range. 
Tristin was still on the steps with her eyes glued to Sean, who was now standing near the curb, on his phone. 
“Hello?” Emmitt answered.
“You’ve got a problem.”


Chapter Six
Hannah/Kristen



“Get out of the car!” Connor yelled as he held the door open. 
“No.” Hannah’s heart started racing the moment they pulled into Emmitt’s garage. She was banking on them pulling up in front of his house so she could make a run for it. 
“I’ll drag you out if I have to!”
“Hannah, could you please just get out of the car?” Brian asked as he held open the door leading to Emmitt’s kitchen.
“No.” 
Seeing Emmitt, being inside Ellie’s house, she just couldn’t do it.
“That’s it,” Connor said, as he grabbed Hannah by the wrist. 
“Let me go!” Hannah screamed as he pulled her out of the backseat. 
When did he get so damn strong? Hannah wondered as he threw her over his shoulder.
 “Put me down!” 
Connor was far from the four foot mute she sat behind in first grade. Both he and Emmitt had a tendency to toss her around like a doll. She never expected either of them to outgrow her, but boy things had changed. 
Connor shushed her as they entered the house and Hannah was silenced by the countless memories that flooded her brain. The Lawson’s had been like a third family, next to the Connor’s parents. She’d spent most of her holidays between the two since her mom usually volunteered to work for overtime pay.  
Emmitt’s dad would always invite her over to help hang lights while Ellie and their mom tried to lure her away to help make cookies. Their house used to be filled with so much joy and laughter. Being carried through it now felt dark and silent.
Connor carried her down the hallway and she heard a door open. 
“Hurry up,” Emmitt whispered.
The sound of his voice made Hannah’s lungs deflate and her tears threatened to fall. Of all her friends, Emmitt was the one she owed the biggest apology. He’d been there every day after her Dad’s overdose. He even snuck out after curfew and stayed with her until she fell asleep.
Now was the time when he needed her and she hadn’t been there once. 
Tears streaked her face as Connor lowered her back onto her feet. She immediately pushed him away before burying her face in his chest. 
“What did you two do to her?” Emmitt asked. 
“I didn’t do anything,” Brian said closing the bedroom door. 
Hannah sobbed a week’s worth of tears into Connor’s shirt as he held her tight. She missed his hugs, she missed playing video games until their thumbs were sore, rearranging Emmitt’s hollowed out encyclopedias whenever he left the room, but mostly she missed who she was with the two of them, which was most certainly not the mess of tears she currently displayed.
“I’m sorry,” Connor whispered as he stroked her hair.
Hannah stepped back, fearing he might notice her bald spot. 
“Dude?” Emmitt said punching Connor in the shoulder. “I didn’t think I had to tell you to check your temper with Hannah. Go get her some tissues.”
“I better go before Kristen gets here,” Brian said causing Hannah to gasp as she finally turned to face Emmitt. 
He was so pale with dark circles around his eyes. The last thing she expected was to see him grinning and it sparked another flood of tears as she hugged him. 
“I’m sorry I haven’t been here,” she shrieked out in between her sobbing.
“You’re here now.”
Brian climbed out the window just as Connor exited the bathroom. She looked over at Connor and stepped back. The three were like statues frozen in an uncomfortable silence. Hannah never thought there’d be a day when her two best friends would feel like strangers to her. They both looked older and harder than she remembered, but she bet there were thinking the same thing about her.
She huffed and sat on Emmitt’s bed and Connor handed her a wad of tissue. 
“We’re sorry for tricking you…” Emmitt said. 
“But you left us no choice,” Connor finished.
“I know I didn’t,” Hannah said staring at the floor. “I just didn’t know how to face you.” She briefly glanced at Emmitt. 
“Was that the only reason?” Connor asked.
The tone of his voice worried Hannah. If Kristen was in on the kidnapping what else had she told them.

***
Kristen checked her rearview mirror again. Her heart still raced from the encounter with Sean, and it made her even more determined to get Hannah away from that psycho.
She speeded the entire way to Emmitt’s trying to get there before the boys could force a confession out of Hannah. She was relieved when she finally turned onto Emmitt and Hannah’s street and checked her mirror one last time. When she focused back on the road she noticed she was speeding toward a guy in the street. 
Kristen slammed on her brakes, causing her tires to screech. She jerked forward, gripping the steering wheel. Luckily, her seatbelt held her in place. 
Brian’s mouth gapped open as he stood there clutching his chest. Kristen took a few deep breaths as he hesitantly approached her window, but a blaring horn behind her nearly caused her to jump out of her own skin.
“Go around,” Brian yelled at the car behind her. Kristen rolled down her window, almost relieved to see him. 
“I wasn’t trying to hit you. I didn’t see…”
      “Are you all right?” 
“No,” she admitted. “I mean yes. I just got a little freaked out by Sean.” 
“When?” 
“After school he was looking for Hannah.”
      “Well, he’s gonna find me,” Brian said causing Kristen to meet his enraged eyes. He headed for his car and Kristen’s stomach dropped. 
“Brian, wait!” She yelled as she threw her car in park and ran after him. “Don’t say anything to him.”
“Forget that. Somebody needs to teach that bastard some manners.”
“Would you just stop?” Kristen yelled as she grabbed his arm. “You don’t have the right to defend me anymore.” 
“Just because you don’t love me anymore doesn’t mean I’ve stopped loving you.” 
Kristen wished she didn’t still love him. Then maybe it wouldn’t be so unbearable to be around him. 
“I hope one day we can at least be friends again.” 
“No,” Kristen said cutting him off. She looked back at Emmitt’s window and sighed. “I’m friends with enough of my exes.”
When she turned back to Brian his eyes were locked on Emmitt’s window. He nodded like he was answering a question in his head. 
“Go on, I’ll park your car,” he said. 
“I can…”
“Look, it’s either this or I stand guard outside the window and follow you home.”
Kristen didn’t have it in her to fight back and she really did need to get to Hannah. 
Brian followed her back to her car where she grabbed her bag. She felt a little bad accepting his help after telling him she didn’t want to be friends. She was almost tempted to take it back, but kept her mouth shut just in case he was using his Mr. Nice act to try and win her back. 
She knew the moment the thought crept into her head that Brian wasn’t like that. He was just being his normal, thoughtful self and that made her heart ache even more.




Chapter Seven
Dax/Kristen/Emmitt/Hannah



Dax decided to scope out Emmitt’s house after dropping Noelle off. He made it just in time to see Kristen heading for Emmitt’s bedroom window, but there was no sign of Connor’s car. God how he wished he had a camera in that room. Dax was just about to park and wait for Sean to arrive when he spotted Brian getting out of Kristen’s car. 
“Well, well, well.” 
It seemed everyone was in on the plan. Dax always admired The Six. No matter what drama they had going on internally they’d always band together to protect one of their own. He’d watched from afar since eighth grade, secretly hoping one day he’d get invited in, but he settled for being Emmitt’s friend. Especially, since he was the only one Dax really cared to know. 
They weren’t jocks or cheerleaders, and based on their wicked GPAs Hannah and Connor could easily be labeled as geeks, but somehow they’d all gained the respect of the whole school. It also helped that Dax often tapped into their lives for his Vlogs. Now with Ellie’s sudden death, the school seemed even more fascinated with the inner workings of The Six, and Dax felt the pressure to deliver, but it was fine dance with his friendship with Emmitt. 
Of course everyone wanted to know why Emmitt hadn’t returned to school. The rumor board was ablaze with speculations. Dax was always too afraid to ask, but the subject would eventually have to be addressed. 
Dax took off when Brian started scanning the street. It was so Godfather-ish, Dax loved it. He gulped when his phone buzzed as he turned the corner. Emmitt must’ve spotted him again. Dax pulled over to read the text message. 

You better get the
 dish of what’s going
 on at Emmitt’s before 
I do-CC

Dax was so over this chick. He dialed Noelle. 
“Hello,” she answered. 
“Change of plans we start our search tonight.”

***
When Kristen climbed through the window her eyes immediately hooked with Hannah’s. Kristen fought the guilt which urged her to look away. Remembering Hannah’s bruises helped reassure herself that she’d done the right thing.
Kristen tried to take Hannah’s hand as she sat beside her, but she pulled away.
“Brian, you coming in?” Emmitt asked and Kristen became short of breath. 
“No, can you give her these.” Brian handed Emmitt Kristen’s keys. “I’m gonna hang out here for a minute just to be safe.” 
“You said you would leave,” Kristen said not looking at him.
“I will when I know you’re safe.” 
“Hannah, you didn’t answer the question.” Connor said. “Was that the only reason you’ve been dodging us?” 
“Yes.” 
Connor ran his fingers through his hair, his face growing redder by the second. He turned his back to them all and Kristen could see the tremble in Hannah’s lower lip. 
“Hannah, what Connor is trying to say is that this isn’t like you. Sean speaks for you, you’re always with him, and you’ve cut all of us out of your life,” Emmitt said. 
Connor turned to face them, his angry glare resting on Kristen before it shifted back to Hannah. 
“We just want to know why it feels like we’ve lost our best friend?”
At that Hannah broke down. “I’m sorry.” 
“I don’t want your apology. I want the truth.” 
“I already told you the truth!” 
“Then why don’t I believe it!” 
The whole room fell silent as Hannah and Connor locked eyes. Kristen knew she had to do something before the truth came out. “Okay, time out.” 
“Stay out of it Kristen,” Connor snapped at her. 
Kristen stood and shoved him back. “I’m so sick of your shit, Connor. I said she needs a minute and that’s what you’re gonna give her.” Kristen pulled Hannah up and rushed her into the bathroom before either of the boys could object.
Once inside, she closed the door and turned on the water. 
“Listen,” she whispered. “I didn’t tell them about the bruises.” 
Hannah exhaled in relief before her worry returned. “Kristen you have to get them to let me go. It won’t take long for him to figure out where I am and...”
Kristen’s eyes widened at the trembling fear which had enveloped Hannah and held her tight. She hadn’t thought of the backfire that would be awaiting Hannah when she agreed to help the boys. Her attempt to help her had just made her situation worse. 
“It’s gonna be all right,” she said feeling Hannah’s jagged breaths. “You can come to my house. We’ll keep you away from him until we can figure something out. We just have to keep the guys from knowing the truth.” 
“What if they already know?” Hannah asked.
“Right now they think it’s Sean whose keeping you away from them. Just tell them that and they’ll let you go.”
“No, If I told Connor that…no, I can’t. Not with the way he’s acting.” 

***
“Here you go.” Emmitt handed Brian a cold bottle of water through the window.
“Thanks.” 
“What the hell is taking them so long?” Connor asked as he paced the floor. 
“I don’t know but we better hurry up before Sean gets here.” 
“Don’t worry about Sean. If he has the balls to come here, he’s gonna have to deal with me.” 
Emmitt had never seen Brian so upset. 
“Brian, I appreciate your help but this is my fight, not yours,” Connor said. 
“Not after the way he freaked Kristen out at school. She almost ran me over she was so scared that he was following her.” 
“What?” Connor shouted before he banged on the bathroom door. “Open the door, Kristen!” 
The door finally opened and Emmitt read the nervousness on Hannah’s face. 
“I want to talk to Hannah. Alone.” 

***
Hannah gulped at the request. 
“I don’t think that’s a good idea,” Kristen said, but Hannah knew her only way of getting out of there was to convince him that nothing was going on. 
“It’s okay, Kris.” 
Kristen didn’t look convinced, but she eventually nodded and attempted to squeeze past Connor, who grabbed her arm. 
“Why didn’t you tell us about what happened with you and Sean at school?” 
Kristen’s eyes shot to Hannah and she suddenly wanted her to stay. 
“Like you care,” Kristen said ripping her arm free. 
“Emmitt, you deal with her,” Connor said before he closed the door and locked him and Hannah in. 
Hannah had to sit down on the toilet before her trembling knees gave out. Connor’s glare was so intense, like he analyzed her every move. She tried not to look as though she were hiding something. When she and Connor locked eyes, Hannah let out a shaky breath. “What do you want from me?” 
“I want Hannah back, I want my best friend to stop dodging me in the hallway at school, and stop treating us all like we never existed. The Hannah I know would never turn her back on her friends unless there was something seriously wrong and you’re not leaving this bathroom until you tell me the truth.” 
Hannah’s fear reshaped into anger and she shoved Connor away. He had no right to hold her against her will or try to force a confession. The Hannah he knew, the Hannah she used to be would stand up for herself. Suddenly she knew exactly what she needed to do in order to get out of there with her secrets intact.
“I already told you the truth. You’re just too busy looking for a reason to be angry to accept it.” She yelled. “You think holding me hostage is going to make my story change? It’s not Sean keeping me away, it’s me.”  Hannah took a deep breath, and stood up straight. Her voice at least sounded convincing to her, but Connor’s tense jaw and glare quickly weakened her resolve. 
“Last week I was leaving Emmitt’s and I saw you two,” Connor said, causing Hannah’s breath to catch in her throat. “I heard the way he yelled at you. I watched you limp to your front porch where you stood crying.” 
Connor approached her and pinned Hannah against the vanity. “Now I dare you to tell me it was nothing,” he whispered with grit in his voice that scared her. 
She locked into a dangerous stare off. Even when she attempted to look away he lifted her chin, forcing her back in. Her lungs burned as she held her breath. Connor’s eyes bore into her as if he were reading her every thought. When she couldn’t take it anymore she sucked in a nervous gulp of air and looked away, tucking her hair behind her ears. 
“I knew it!” Connor yelled. He paced the floor as his growing rage seemed to fill the air. “I knew it, I felt it.”
“Connor, calm down!” Hannah yelled as tears escaped. She’d witnessed Connor lose control in the past, and knew there would be no stopping him from confronting Sean. Hannah couldn’t handle anyone else being hurt because of her, regardless of what Sean had done. She gripped Connor’s arm.
“When he gets here, I swear I’ll break every bone in his hands.”
Hannah was losing him. He let out a pressure filled grunt just before he ripped his arm free and punched the wall. She flinched, wanting nothing more than to curl up in a ball on the floor, but she feared Connor’s reaction more than the threat of her own flashbacks. He wasn’t even phased by his bloody knuckles or the dent he’d put in Emmitt’s wall. 
“Let me see your hand,” she commanded. She couldn’t get her hands to stop trembling as she turned on the faucet and held his hand underneath. “Look at your hand, Connor.” 
“It’s nothing compared to what I’m gonna do to his face.” 
“Sit down so I can wrap it.” Hannah wrapped half a spool of tissue around his hand and held a cold washcloth to his head. None of it appeared to calm his fidgeting knees. 
“The truth,” Hannah looked him in eye and Connor finally gave her his full attention. “Okay, Sean and I have been arguing a lot lately and I did cry the other night, but it was only from frustration. Sean would never do anything to hurt me.” She held Connor’s face, forcing him to meet her eyes. “I’m telling you the truth.”
He still looked skeptical, but at least he looked calmer. 
“I’m all right. I really am and I’m sorry that my dodging you made you think it was more than it really was.” 
Hannah hugged him and he stood and squeezed her tight. She’d never get over how he towered over her. It felt like forever since she’d gotten a Connor hug. She especially loved the way he held her head to his chest. She missed the safety of his arms, spending hours wrestling with him and Emmitt over which game to watch, and the endless debates about their futures. Unlike Emmitt, who could only be concerned about the here and now, Hannah and Connor we’re always trying to map out their lives, plotting every possible moment down to the number of grandkids they hoped to one day have.
Hannah found herself overwhelmed by a whole new guilt when she stopped to think about the past couple of months. “I’m sorry,” she whispered letting her tears fall again, but this time they were for her friend, who she’d left to handle everything in her absence. Connor was the rock of their circle, but it was Hannah who he’d usually come to when his position was too heavy to bear. 
“It was never you I was running from and I’m sorry I’ve left you on your own.” 
“I don’t care about that. I just wanted to know that you were okay.” 
Connor pulled her back, drying her tears with his tissue-bandaged hand before wrapping his arms around her again. Hannah spent most of her days trying to bury the guilt of her actions, but being in Emmitt and Ellie’s house left her no escape. She was the one who’d dumped Sean that night. It was a decision she’d regret for the rest of her life. 
“I’m sorry for upsetting you,” Connor attempting to rub the trembles out of her back.
“It’s not you. It’s being here, seeing Emmitt, it hurts too much.”
“I know, it’s hard for me too, but Emmitt needs all of us right now.”
Hannah stepped back when Connor finally took a deep and calming breath. She victoriously held his good hand and grinned. 
“You’re right. I guess we better get back out there.” 
Hannah opened the bathroom door to find Emmitt waiting for them with his arms folded. One down, one to go, Hannah thought, though she was sure this conversation was going to be a lot harder to navigate, given what went down the night of the accident. 
“You get the answers you needed?” Emmitt asked Connor who nodded as he gripped Hannah’s bad shoulder. It took everything in her not to yelp or tense up. 
“Good, you and Brian can make sure Kristen gets home all right. I need to talk to Hannah alone.”




Chapter Eight
Dax/Kristen



Dax had exhausted his online search while Noelle looked through his yearbooks.
“This shouldn’t be so hard. It’s not like there’s that many gingers in Crissana.”
“How do you know you’re even looking for a ginger? I thought you said her hair was cherry red?”
“It was.”
“So, then she’s not an original redhead. With all the new semi-permanents on the market you could be looking for any color hair. Plus, it’s a new semester so it’s probably a new change.”
Dax spun around in his desk chair to face her. “You’re right, but that makes the search that much harder.” 
“Not necessarily. It’s just going to take some footwork.”
“And how am I supposed to do that when she knows who I am?”
“She doesn’t know I’m working with you, does she?”
“I’m not sure. Just keep an eye out, but don’t draw too much attention to yourself, if she thinks we’re closing in, she might retaliate with that photo of you and Sean.” 
Noelle froze at the sound of his name and grabbed her phone. “Connor hasn’t called.” 
“I’m sure they have a lot of catching up to do.”
“But what about Sean? If the two of them get into it…”
“You’re the one who gave away their location.”
“Only because I was upset. Now I’m worried something could come out.”
“Like what? Do you really think Sean’s going to go over to Emmitt’s and admit you two slept together in front of Hannah and her friends?”
“I guess you’re right. I just hate the idea of the two of them crossing paths. I mean Connor hated Sean long before the accident and now I don’t know what he might do.” 
“Boy, wouldn’t I love to see that fight. Who do you think would win?” 
Noelle turned to see Dax’s raised eyebrow. “It depends on who’s asking: my friend or the Sun Vlogger?” 
“Come on. I need a good story to headline for tomorrow. A fantasy fight poll between those two would get my site a lot of traffic. Just tell me who you’d vote for?”
“No.” 
“Oh come on, are you telling me you wouldn’t vote for your boyfriend. Have you seen his arms? It’s like he’s bench pressing people instead of weights. And of course, he has the good Christian thing going for him. He’s a modern day David.” 
“But Sean is an athlete.” 
“And? He hasn’t been on the team for nearly a year and he’s more talk than he is muscle. My vote is Connor all day every day.” 
“Whatever.” 
“Huh?” Dax smirked. “I seem to recall a time when Connor Cristos was your everything, now you won’t even bet on him in a fantasy fight. Is the Connor/Noelle saga coming to an end?” 
“No.” 
“Noelle, you might as well spill it. I’m going to find out anyway.” 
Noelle rolled her eyes and sighed. “I love Connor, but he’s always leaving me behind to hang out with his friends. He’s got all this history with them and I’m always stuck on the outside.”
Dax didn’t have the heart to tell her that The Six was an impossible circle to crack. Dax was still scratching his head at how Brian made it in. He’d only lived in Crissana for a year but people accepted him as if he were one of the originals. Not even the split with Kristen seemed to change his status. Still, Noelle did have to ability to become an affiliate. Her name was already synonymous with Connor. If she could only form a friendship with one of the girls she’d be set. 
“Noelle, you’re always going to be on the outside until you actually make an effort with his friends.” 
“There’s no chance of that happening now. The only one that was half nice to me was Hannah and I can’t be friends with her.” 
“Why not?” 
“Sean wouldn’t let that happen. He’s paranoid enough about losing her.” 
“He said that? Like those exact words.” 
“Dax, stop fishing for dirt on Sean. He’s really messed up about the accident and your vlogs aren’t helping.”
“Then tell him to change schools. Ellie’s death is probably the biggest drama Crissana has seen since Hannah’s dad OD’d. I have a duty to my followers to share the whole story, and I’ve been more than fair to that asshole.”
“He’s not an asshole.”
“Okay, pause for a second. That is the third time you’ve defended Amarko. If I didn’t know any better I’d think you’re developing a crush.” 
“I am not. I just feel bad for him.” 
“So you two had pity sex?” 
“Look, you have no idea what it’s like to date someone you want so badly only to be constantly shot down. Sean was nice to me and he made me feel wanted.”
“So how was it?” 
“Off the record?” 
“Okay, fine. Off the record, how was he?” 
Noelle’s grin said it all. “I mean it’s the perfect set up for us. He’s not having sex with Hannah and I’m doing everything but sex with Connor. And he was really sweet. He even took me to his family’s house in Sedona.” 
“Doesn’t sound like you two are done.” 
“Unfortunately we are. He said he couldn’t hurt Hannah anymore.” 
“But if he changed his mind would you do it again?” 
Noelle rolled onto her back and stared at the ceiling. “I don’t know.” 
If she kept this up, she and Connor wouldn’t make it to Christmas. Dax was okay either way. Connor was more valuable to him single and Noelle would spill every crumb of dirt she had on him once they were over.
“Hey, what about Kristen? She just lost a friend and a boyfriend. That should be enough vulnerability for her to need a new friend.” 
Noelle rolled her eyes. “Hell no, I hate her just as much as I did Ellie, maybe more. You know she and Connor dated, right?” 
“Yeah, but that was years ago.” 
“So, it doesn’t matter that she still acts like his girlfriend, telling him what to do, and always asking him to help her with stuff? You should’ve seen the two of them at lunch today. They were arguing about something, but it was the way they argued. There I was, sitting on Connor’s lap, and the two of them were bickering like a couple, as if I wasn’t even there.”
“Well, I doubt you’ll get anywhere with Tristin, so it looks like Kristen is your best shot to getting in with Connor’s friends.” 
Noelle thought about it for a second. “Why even bother? I shouldn’t have to work this hard to be a part of my boyfriend’s life.”
“With some guys you’d be absolutely right, but you have to remember Connor isn’t just any guy. He’s an investment for your future. Think about it, he’s got great character, he’s loyal, and with his grades, he’s bound to get into a good school. I know he might not seem all that appealing now, but trust me; he could be your ticket out of Crissana.”
Dax could see the wheels churning in her head. He was certain he’d just given team Connor a huge boost. 
“I’ll give it a try, but I doubt it will work. Kristen probably hates me just as much as I hate her.”

***
“I could’ve driven myself home,” Kristen said from the backseat.
Brian shook his head and Connor nodded in agreement.
“We’ll drop your car off later,” Connor said. 
Kristen huffed and folded her arms. She hated being treated like a defenseless girl. So she got a little freaked out earlier over Sean, it was only because of what she knew he’d done to Hannah.
Her eyes widened when she realized the boys had muffed up her plan. Hannah needed to come home with her so that she wouldn’t have to face Sean. 
“Wait, we need to go back. I forgot Hannah was coming over to my house tonight.” 
“Don’t worry. I’ll give her a ride if she still wants to come over.” 
“Connor, you have to make sure that she does,” Kristen said trying to hide her urgency. “Promise me you’ll do that.” 
“I will if you promise me something.” 
“What?” 
“No more secrets.” 
“What are you—“
“Kris, I knew you’d been taking to Hannah all week, all right? I saw the texts when you gave me your phone on Saturday.” 
Kristen was speechless. 
“Look, I wasn’t snooping or anything like that and I’m sorry for snapping at you. I just couldn’t believe you would keep something like that from me when you knew how worried I was about Hannah.” 
“She begged me not to.”
“I get it, but I feel like there’s still something she’s not telling me and I need to be able to depend on you to tell me if you think something’s not right.
“I will,” Kristen lied and texted Tristin for backup. 

Hannah’s at Emmitt’s 
but she’s too scared to 
see Sean. I’m almost 
home, but promised 
Hannah that I’d help. 
What should I do?

It wasn’t until she hit send that she remembered Brian was sitting in the passenger seat. He was so quiet. 
She pulled her knees to her chest and hid her face, waiting for Tristin to reply. 
“You okay?” Connor asked. Kristen looked up to see he was watching her in the rearview mirror and she grinned and nodded. When he grinned back she finally exhaled. She hated fighting with him. Especially with no way of avoiding him. It was comforting knowing he’d always be there for her. Even riding in the same car with Brian felt doable because Connor was there. She felt bad for lying to him about Hannah, but just as he and Emmitt wanted to protect them, she, Hannah, and Tristin had a duty to protect the boys from themselves.
Connor pulled into her driveway and he and Brian both got out. Brian looked between her and Connor and shook his head. “Sorry, force of habit I guess.” He got back inside and closed the door. 
Connor pulled Kristen in for a hug and she buried her face in his chest. 
“You sure you’re okay?” 
“No, but this helps.” 
He responded by squeezing her tighter. 
“I know how hard it must be for you to be around him after everything. I’ll make sure he stays away from you.”
“You don’t have to do anything. I’ll be fine.” 
“Kris.” Connor pulled her back and met her eyes. “It’s my job to look out for you.”
“I appreciate it, but Brian is a part of the group now. I don’t want him ostracized because of what happened.”
“Are you sure?” 
“Yes.”
“Okay, but if you change your mind, you just say the word.”
Connor walked her to the door and Kristen handed him her keys after unlocking her front door. 
“I’m gonna give Emmitt and Hannah some time to talk, and then I’ll bring her back with your car.” 
“Thanks.” 
She gave him a quick hug before going inside. Tears fell on the way up to her room. The day had been so full of drama that she supposed they were a delayed reaction. Her phone chimed and she pulled it out as she tossed her bags onto her bed. 

 Don’t worry about
Sean. After tonight,
I’ll make sure he never
goes near Hannah again.

Kristen had no idea what her sister was planning, but if it meant getting Sean away from Hannah, she was in.




Chapter Nine
Hannah/Emmitt



“Have a seat,” Emmitt said at little too calmly for Hannah’s taste. She could see his nervousness, and fought hard to hide hers.
“I don’t want to hold you against your will, but please just stay and hear me out.” 
She sat on the edge of his bed, unable to refuse a request from him, and Emmitt sat beside her. He flashed a quick grin that made Hannah relax a little, but he still looked so tired and run down. 
“I can’t tell you how much I’ve missed you,” Emmitt said taking her hand. “I’ve been worried out of my mind.” He caressed each of her fingers before pressing her knuckles to his lips. 
Hannah could’ve sworn her heart stopped. She had to force herself to breath and remind herself that she still needed to convince him that she was all right. “I’m fine.” 
Emmitt met her eyes and shook his head. “You can lie to everyone else, but not to me. Do you remember what you told me before the accident?” 
Hannah nodded, feeling her tears threatening to fall again.
“So did you really change your mind, or did you go back to Sean out of pity?” 
Hannah looked away, her tears trailing down her cheeks. She couldn’t form the words to answer his question, but she knew it was the latter. There was only one person she’d ever truly loved. Being this close, having him hold her hand should’ve been a dream come true, only it wasn’t. Her poor decisions had made it impossible for them to ever be together.
For a brief moment at the bonfire she let herself believe otherwise, but Ellie’s death changed everything. It was all her fault. If she hadn’t broken up with Sean or kissed Emmitt, none of these horrible things would’ve ever happened. 
“Hannah, there’s something you need to know.” 
“Please don’t,” she whispered drying her eyes with her sleeve. “It won’t change anything.” 
Hannah stood and grabbed her bag on her way to the window, but Emmitt grabbed her arm and pulled her into a kiss. 
She broke their connection, overcome by tears and Emmitt tried to hold her. “Please, just let me go. Please?” 
“Not until you see this.” Emmitt led her to his desk and turned on the monitor.
Hannah recognized Sean and sat down in the desk chair. She was stunned to silence when she noticed the pill bottle in his hand.
“He’s been taking them for months,” Emmitt said.
It all began to click. His mood swings, the reason he sometimes seemed like two different people. She couldn’t believe she didn’t see it before. 
“Trust me when I say I never wanted to be the one who had to tell you this, but you deserve to know the truth. If he was under the influence of these pills during the accident, then it could happen again.” 
He turned her around and lifted her chin to meet his eyes. “I can’t…” he paused with watery eyes. “I can’t lose another person that I love.” 
The pain in his eyes and the tremble in his usually strong voice overwhelmed her, and Hannah crushed her lips against his. He pulled her from her seat down to her knees and held her tight. She never thought Emmitt could love her, especially after everything she’d done. She didn’t deserve his love, but she could not deny him.
Their moment was interrupted by a blaring horn coming from outside. Hannah stiffened. She knew it was Sean. Emmitt held her tighter. 
“Don’t,” he pleaded. “Please don’t leave me again.” 
Hannah felt his quickening breaths and rubbed his back. 
Sean sounded his horn again, his impatience being felt.
“I’m just going to talk to him, then I’ll be right back, okay?” Hannah lied. 
Emmitt shook his head, not letting her go, but it was Hannah’s fear of what Sean might do that forced her to her feet.
Emmitt stayed on his knees, looking as though he was experiencing difficulty breathing. “Are you okay?” she asked and he grabbed her hand. 
“I’m good,” he said followed by a cough. “Hannah, don’t go.” 
Sean laid on his horn even longer and she headed for the window. 
“I’ll be back,” she said as she climbed out the window. “I promise, I’ll figure something out.” 

***
Emmitt wheezed as he crawled to the window. His chest clenched when he watched her climb into Sean’s truck. He blacked out before the truck door even closed.





Sneak Peek
Episode 5

Chapter One
Hannah/Tristin




8:39PM

The quick steps of the triage team pulling the gurney drew the attention of everyone in the hospital waiting room. The ER doors opened to two EMT’s working to revive an unconscious Hannah. Her torn clothes were covered in bloodstains and dirt while every area of exposed skin bared bruises ranging from blue to black. 
The gurney was placed beside her body as an oxygen mask was held to her face. 
“Any ID found on the body?” A nurse asked.
“No.” 
“Did anyone see how she got here? Who had first contact?” 
“I did,” the nurse holding the oxygen mask said. “I was just coming in when someone laid her down and took off.” 
“Are we okay to move her?” a member of the triage asked.
“We don’t have a choice,” another answered. 
The team rolled Hannah onto her side and placed the gurney under her before lifting her onto the stretcher and rushing her inside. Once behind a curtain, they cut her out of her clothes, revealing even more wounds. 
“Wait!” a nurse cried as they peeled away the sleeves of her cardigan. She raised Hannah’s arm to see her name and a phone number written in black marker. “Someone get me a pen.”

4:28PM

Sean waited with his passenger door open when Hannah climbed out of Emmitt’s window. As she approached the SUV she felt her heart jackhammering in her chest and her palms were sweaty. She paused to catch her breath and remembered that Emmitt could be watching. She didn’t want to leave him, but she had to.
“Get in the damn car,” Sean whispered through his gritted teeth. The rage in his tone settled like a weight around her neck. Every nerve in her body screamed for her not to go with him. She wasn’t delusional enough to think that he wouldn’t hurt her, especially now that she knew he’d been taking drugs. “Hannah!” He barked forcing her to step back. Her lungs wouldn’t allow in anymore air and her hands shook.
Sean huffed and grabbed her hand, pulling her the rest of the way. He forced her into the SUV and slammed the door. Hannah’s wide eyes found Emmitt’s bedroom window as Sean made his way around to the driver’s side. She knew she’d made the wrong decision. She should’ve stayed in Emmitt’s arms, where she was safe.

9:05 PM

Hannah laid motionless on the examining table with tubes in her nose and wires connected to her chest and head. A nurse entered placing x-rays on a backlit wall just as another nurse wheeled in an ultrasound machine. 
“What do we know so far?” the doctor asked. 
“Broken nose, multiple contusions to the front and back of the head, her collar bone is cracked,” the second doctor said studying the x-rays. “I see two, three, make that five cracked ribs. Broken pelvis, sprained right wrist and ankle and…broken left and right arm in…three places. This looks like one hell of a collision.” 
Two nurses prepped Hannah’s badly bruised abdomen for the ultrasound with a clear gel before gently pressing the handle to her skin.
“Doctor, we have internal bleeding,” The nurse announced and the doctor turned his attention to the ultrasound monitor.
“Someone call the OR at Regional West and tell them we need a room now. Has the family been contacted?” 
“Yes, her mother’s on her way?” the nurse replied. 
“Call them back and tell then we’re moving her to Regional West Hospital. Also, page the neuro and ortho surgeons on call there and brief them on our findings. Let’s get her prepped for emergency transport.”
 
4:33 PM

Tristin climbed through Emmitt’s window and spotted him passed out on the floor. 
“Emmitt!” she yelled shaking him awake.
He slowly came to and she rushed to the bathroom and wet a towel. Tristin helped him up and pressed the cold towel to his forehead. 
“What happened? Where’s Hannah?” 
“She left,” he said taking a few deep breaths. “Sean picked her up.” 
Tristin’s eye’s widened. “I thought she was going with Connor.” 
She grabbed her phone and dialed Connor. 
“Hello?” 
“Where the hell are you?” Tristin asked.
“Just getting back to Emmitt’s.” 
“I thought you were taking Hannah to my house.” 
“I am. I was just about see if she’s ready to go.” 
“Well, you’re too late she already left with Sean.” 
“She what?” 
Connor hung up and she saw him and Brian get back into her sister’s car before speeding off. 

4:37PM

Hannah panicked as Sean sped through traffic and turned onto a dead end. He threw the car into park and gripped the back of her neck. Hannah screamed. 
“I’m sorry. I didn’t have a choice. They wouldn’t let me leave.” 
“Shut up!” he yelled before slamming her head against the dashboard.
Hannah’s ears rang and vision blurred from the first impact, preventing the others from even registering until everything went black.




Want More?

Visit

WWW.GRIEVANCESERIES.COM

Read more of the next episode.
View character profiles and yearbook photos
Listen to the series playlist




About the Author


Tetonia Blossom is author of Jingle My Way and All I Want Is You, who is making her Young Adult debut. She is a graduate of California State University, Northridge’s School of Cinema, Television, and Arts where she discovered that daydreaming could actually become a career. In her opinion, a story worth writing has to contain the 3 H’s: Humor, Heat, and Honest characters. She lives in the small town of Maricopa, Arizona with her husband and rapidly growing hoard of romance and YA novels.




Connect with Tetonia Blossom


Thank you for reading! If you are enjoying the series, please leave a comment or review, tell a friend, or shoot me a message at any of my social media coordinates:

Like me on Facebook: 
https://www.facebook.com/grievanceseries
Follow me on Twitter: 
http://twitter.com/grievanceseries
Visit my website: 
www.grievanceseries.com


