
Guardians of the Throne
Part I
By Rose-Merry Unan
Published by Rose-Merry Unan at Smashwords
Copyright 2012 Rose-Merry Unan



Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Guardians of the Throne

What started as the smallest crackle, soon ignited and spread like wildfire through my body, consuming every fiber of my being? It stalked the shadows of my every waking moment, and it was followed by the kind of heartache that tortured the soul, and haunted my dreams at night. In the end it would change who I was, and define the rest of my life. 
I've often wished that I could go back to that day. It was the first day that I can ever remember. I was a young girl, maybe 5 years old. I knew that I was a princess, but I really didn't understand what that meant. 
I guess in my mind at the time, all little girls were princesses, and lived in palaces. I didn't realize that there was anything about my life that was out of the ordinary. I guess more importantly, I remember that day vividly, because it was first time that I realized I might be in danger. 
If I close my eyes, I can still picture the fiery autumn leaves flirting with the horizon, and I can still smell the sweet apples, and chimney fire. I can still hear the crunch of the leaves as I ran across the palace gardens playing hide and seek with my cousin, Princess Catherine. 
Oh Catherine, how I wish that she were still here to see me today. A twist of fate however would have it, that if she were here today then I wouldn't be. There are so many twist of fate in my story.
Our fathers were brothers, my father was the king. Catherine and I were born only a week apart, and we were raised together as sisters. I of course would inherit the throne, unless my parents had a son. None of that meant anything to me though. I didn't know what any of it meant, and at only five years of age, I didn’t care. 
I remember waking up that day, and seeing Catherine sitting at the foot of my bed. “Come on, Isabel, let's go play in the garden," she giggled and ran away. 
I ran after her still in my nightgown and bare feet. As I ran around the garden looking for her, I could hear her giggle. I caught a glimpse of her long blonde hair flying in the wind. I chased her as she ran out of the garden and into the surrounding woods. 
I hesitated to follow her. We had both been forbidden to go any further than the garden. Mother and Father had often told me horror stories of bandits and beast the roamed the forest. Suddenly, bandits and beast felt exciting to me, so I chased after Catherine.
“Catherine," I called. I heard rustling in the woods, and thought it was her. I followed the noise. It was a deer. I had never seen a deer before, and I wanted to touch it. As I inched towards it, it pranced away from me. I was too young to know it at the time, but the fact that the deer didn't run away from me, should have seemed peculiar. Instead, it only pranced away, as if leading me towards something. I followed it to a large rock. The deer finally stopped, and I touched it. Its fur was soft. I let out a childish giggle, and it finally ran away.
I had forgotten about my cousin, and stood there mesmerized by the rock. “Isabel,” Catherine called. 
“I’m over here,” I yelled. I could hear the sticks breaking under her feet as she approached.
“Wow,” she said.
Something drew me closer to the rock, and I reached my hand out to touch it. A doorway appeared. We looked at each other. “What do you think is in there?” She asked wide eyed. “
“I don’t know,” I said. “You should go in and see.”
She looked back at me. “You should go in and see first,” she said. 
I was dying with curiosity, but I was also afraid. “Ok,” I said, stepping up. “I’ll go in,” I pushed her into the opening, “as soon as you do.”
We looked around, mystified. All around us were lit torches, and tunnels going every which way. I spun around in circles. “What is this place?” I asked Catherine. 
“I don’t know,” she said. 
I heard hounds barking. Then I heard my father and my uncle calling our names. I hung my head, and I knew that I was in trouble. We ran out of the doorway, just in time to see a search party approaching. 
My father lifted me up, and threw me onto his horse. I looked over my shoulder at him, “Papa, I’m sorry.”
He glared at me. “How many times have I told you not to go into the forest?” He asked his voice booming. He turned the horse around, and rode back to the palace grounds as fast as he could, almost as if he were afraid of the forest himself. When we reached the palace grounds, both of us were whisked away to our chambers. 
My servants scrubbed me down and dressed me. When they were done, I was told that my father and mother awaited me in their chambers. I trembled with fear a little bit. I didn’t know what my punishment would be yet, but I knew that it would be severe. 
I took my time walking to their chamber. I wanted to drag out what time I had left, before I would be reprimanded. I took my time to make sure that I stepped on every crack between their chamber and my own chamber. I was always doing the opposite of what I was told. It was a quality that my mother loathed, but would later save my life. 
I pushed open their heavy door; at my size it took effort. One of the palace guards offered to help me, but I refused. I was a princess and I didn’t need any help to do anything. 
I was in trouble, but oh what a sweet memory to think back on. I would give anything to be in trouble with my father again. I slipped my slippers off as I always did in Mother and Fathers bedchamber because I liked the feel of the soft fur against my feet. The room was always brightly lit with candles, and there was always a warm fire crackling in the fire place. The chamber had the most wonderful smell of pinewood combined with my father’s pipe smoke. 
He was always smoking a pipe. Looking back, I can now see how other’s probably found him to be an intimidating man. When I look at his portraits, all I can think is how suiting it was the he was a king. He rarely ever wore a crown, simply because it wasn’t needed. He looked kingly. At over 6 feet he was an imposing man with broad shoulders, and a strong jaw. His face was covered with a thick blonde beard that tickled my face when he kissed me. His hair was long and curly, but it was often pulled back into a pony tail. Most days when I was a child, I didn’t find him intimidating. But that day, when I saw him, I knew what others feared in him. He was not a man whom you wanted to upset. 
If my father fit the description of a King, my mother was the perfect fit for him. She was a tall and a slender woman, with ivory skin, pricing green eyes, and dark luscious hair that fell around her shoulders. She, as my father could go from being a kind and gentle to soul, to an intimidating monarch. 
When I entered their chamber that day, my mother was sitting at her writing desk, and my father was pacing back and forth across the fire place. He was smoking a pipe, and he had a goblet of wine in his hand. Catherine was already sitting in front of the fire place. It was when I noticed Catherine sitting in front of the fire place, that I also noticed my Uncle Charles, and Aunt Mary standing beside the window looking anxious. 
My father noticed me and ordered me to sit down next to my cousin. He put his goblet down on the table. My mother, aunt, and uncle retired to the couches near the fire place. “We have warned you, time and time again, not to go passed the garden,” he began. “We have forbid you, from doing so for you own protection. We have often told you that beast and bandits roam the forest, which is true, but we have other reason for wanting to you to avoid the forest.” He hung his head. “I hoped to shield you from the realities of this world long enough, but I can see that is no longer possible. We have enemies,” he said. 
I jerked my head up, not quite sure what he meant. “Papa?” I questioned. 
“Don’t interrupt me,” he commanded. “When I was a child, we were mostly at peace. Our only enemies were the beast that roamed the forest. Our armies have done our best to keep them away from the palace, and away from our people. I have also gone through efforts to protect the palace with magic. However, there may come a day when it is no longer possible to protect the castle with magic.”
I didn’t understand what a beast was. I imagined it was a bear, or a wolf, but I got the feeling that that he was talking about something even more dangerous. I felt confused. I had never heard my father speak about magic, other than telling me make believe stories. I didn’t think that the magic was real, and here he was telling me that he was using it.
I wanted to ask him what was going on, but I knew better. He wasn’t done talking. No one interrupted the King until he was done speaking. 
“We have human enemies,” he said taking a puff of his pipe. “I have a twin brother. His name is Harold.”
“Why haven’t we ever met him?” Catherine asked. 
My father glared at her. “When I tell you to not speak, you will not speak, do you understand child?” He barked.
Catherine nodded and moved next to me so that our shoulders were touching. 
“Growing up, our father raised us so that one day we would rule the kingdom jointly. But as we got older, Harold became power hungry, and abused his position as a prince. He took whatever he wanted from anyone and if people tried to resist, he beat them. My father tried to control him, but was unable to. Eventually my father banished him from the kingdom. Now Harold wants to come back and claim his right to the throne,” My father finished. “That is all you need to know for tonight. But for these reasons, I need you to stay out of the forest. Both of you, the last thing we need are for you to be abducted or worse. But since you did venture out into the forest this morning, and you discovered the rock, I need to tell you its purpose.”
He took a sip out of his wine goblet, and smoked his pipe for a few minutes. “I have long feared that Harold would come back. When my father banished him from the kingdom he was angry, and he swore vengeance.”
I still didn’t understand what all of this meant, but I knew that it was serious and I was afraid. 
“In case the castle is ever attacked, I had a white witch named Sirma build a secret rock. A magical rock. If we are ever to come under attack, you are to find a way to the rock. Only a royal hand can open the doorway. If we are attacked you are to go to the rock, and escape through the tunnels. The tunnels lead to safe houses. When you get to the safe houses, villagers will see to it that you escape safely. Now for your punishment.”
I cringed. I hated to be hit with his cane. “Every princess should know how to tame a horse and how to take care of it. If we ever come under attack, you may need to use a horse to escape, so for your punishment, you are to work in the stables twice a week until further notice. You will help the hands with whatever they need help with, and you will learn everything they teach you.”
I nodded and ran into his arms. When I was a girl that was my favorite place to be. Nowhere in the world felt safer then when my father was holding me. 
My mother stroked my hair as he held me. “Don’t ever scare us like that again,” she whispered. “I was so afraid that you had been taken.”

William

I was the son of a knight, but I was educated as a prince. The fate of the royal family has long been tied to my own. For the first years of my life, our kingdom was at peace. But before I was born, our kingdom had long been plagued with war with the oar demons that roamed the forest. My father’s father had been a knight and died during battle protecting the king. He saw one of the beasts had aimed an arrow at the King, and he jumped in front of it to save the King’s life. My father was only a young boy when his father was killed. The king was thankful for his life, and took my father in. My father was raised alongside with his own sons. When the king died, and Prince Henry became king, my father became his most trusted knight.
As a boy, I would watch my father and King Henry for hours while they trained. When they had target practice, I would collect the arrows afterwards, if they needed their swords to be sharpened, I would see to it that it was done. It was my dream to be a knight just like my father, and his father before him. I wanted to be the most trusted knight to a King, like my father was. 
King Henry only had a daughter. She was younger than me by a few years. I didn’t formally meet her until I was seven. Before that, I had only seen her at several banquets and ceremonies, but I had never approached her. She was always with that cousin of hers. They looked more like twins then cousins. They both had the same long strawberry blonde curly hair, with oval faces, and green eyes. 
I was working in the horse stables the first day that I actually spent any real time with her. Working in the stables was my favorite place to be, and I preferred to be there alone. When she came into the stables, I wasn’t very pleased to see her. At first I wasn’t really sure if it was her, or Catherine, since they looked so much alike, and I didn’t really care which one it was. In my opinion a five year old, had no place being in the stables. I bowed, because it was the proper thing to do, and went back to my work.
A few minutes later, I noticed that she was still standing there watching me. “Yes?” I asked.
She blushed. “My father has sent me here,” she said quietly.
“For what?” I asked.
She squirmed for a minute as if she were shy. “To help you.”
I stood there stunned. I didn’t need any help, nor did I understand why he would send a princess to help me. Princesses didn’t help. But I wasn’t about to disobey the order of a King. “Very well,” I said. “You can move that hay to over there,” I told her pointing to where the hay needed to go. It seemed like a simple enough tasks. I eyed her dress. “You might not want to wear that,” I said. “It will get dirty. There are some kid’s works clothes hanging in that stall over there.”
She looked at me. “But I like my dress,” she complained. 
“Then do what you will,” I said. “But don’t come crying to me when it gets ruined.” I turned my back and continued with the cleaning the stables. Later when I turned around, she was sitting on a mound of hay that had not yet been moved. I looked to see what she had moved, and it was barely anything. I was annoyed, but I knew that it wasn’t my place to reprimand a princess. 
She was sitting there with her elbows pressing against her knees practically pouting. I wondered again what she was doing there. It was bizarre the king would send her here. “Do you need some help?” I finally asked. 
“Oh yes please!” she said. 
I sighed. I hadn’t asked her to do that much. I began to move the hay. At least if I helped her do it, then I could be done sooner, and be rid of her. I was stunned when I started to move the hay, and she didn’t help at all. She just sat there. It made me uncomfortable. The King had sent her here to help, and she wasn’t helping. By doing all her work, I was in a way, disobeying his orders. But I couldn’t say anything to her, because that would be just as improper as disobeying his orders. “You can go,” I said when I was finally done. I wanted to be rid of her as fast as I could. She smiled and skipped away.
A few minutes later, I sensed that I was being watched again. Figuring that it was her again, I felt annoyed. When I turned around however, I could see very plainly that it was not her. I bowed quickly, “Good afternoon, Your Majesty,” I said. 
“Hello William,” his voice boomed. Even when he was speaking quietly, it seems as if his voice echoed like thunder. I loved the king as if he were my own family, in many ways I saw him as a second father. He smiled at me, “What is this, you don’t greet me with a hug anymore?” 
“Of course,” I said flying into his arms. He picked me up and ruffled my hair. “I just wasn’t sure if it was proper any more now that I’m older,” I explained. 
He set me down. “William, you are like my nephew, for you, it is always proper,” he beamed. 
I smiled, I was happy for his approval, which I knew wasn’t easy to come by. “I’m glad,” I said. “I’ve missed you in the hunting fields with my father.”
“I’ve missed being there,” he said. “I’ve had some important matters to see too,” he explained. “That’s part of why I came here today.”
I stood still. I knew that he was about to tell me something important, and I squirmed. I wondered what it could be. I was only seven, so I knew that it couldn’t be too important. 
“We might be in danger,” he began. “That’s why I sent my daughter here today.”
	I was puzzled. I didn’t understand why he would send his daughter to help me in the stables if she was in danger. 
“Let me explain,” he said. “We are under threat from the oar demons that roam the forest, and my other brother. My other brother wants the throne, but he has been removed from the line of succession. The only way he could become king now, is if he were to overcome us. The people would never accept him, unless...” he let his voice trail. I was young, but I knew where he was going. 
“If anything ever happens to me and my other brother, I’ve arranged for Isabel and Catherine to go into hiding, until they’re old enough to rule. If anything happens to us, they are the future of this country. Do you understand that?”
I nodded. “Yes, Uncle,” I replied. I often called him Uncle. “I just don’t understand what this has to do with working with me in the stables.”
“Hiding, you see is the most effective, when hiding in plain sight. I want the princesses to be able to blend in if they have to go into hiding. They need to be able to do all the things commoners would usually do.”
I understood. I thought it was a really smart idea. No one would ever expect a princess to be doing stable work. But suddenly I felt afraid. “But nothing is going to happen to you right?” 
“Of course not,” he said. “It’s just a precaution.” I thought I saw fear in his eyes as he said that, but I couldn’t be sure. 
“Listen, I have something else that I want to talk to you about,”
“Yes, Uncle?”
“You spend a lot of time in the stables, and with your father and me.”
“I don’t mind,” I said. 
“I know that you don’t mind. But I think it’s time for a new adventure for you.”
“What adventure?” I asked excited.
He smiled. “I’ve seen to it that next week, you will start training to become a knight.”
“A knight?” I practically screamed. It was only seven, it was almost unheard of. 
“Yes,” he said. “If we end up in war, I’m going to need every good knight that I can get,” he said. 
I could hardly contain myself. “I’m going to be a knight,” I said. “But what about the rules?” 
Palace rules said that no one could become a knight until the age of 14. 
He waved his hand in the air. “You still won’t be knighted until the age of 14; I just want you to start your training now. The more time you have to train the better. And besides, that I’m the King, I get to change the rules if I want.” I sensed that he was concealing something from me. “So, how did my daughter do today?” 
I felt my face grow warm. I didn’t want to tell him the truth, but I knew that it would be improper not to. When I told him what had happened, he reassured me that in this situation it was perfectly fine to reprimand the Princess, but he told me not to inform her of the reasons why he was making her help in the barn. He then grew serious again. “William, I’d like you to come for a walk with me.” He walked towards the entrance of the stables, and I trailed after him as fast as I could. 
He walked towards the forest, and I stopped. I had never been allowed to go anywhere near the forest. I had always been told the wild beast roamed the forest, and they could hurt me. I didn’t know anything about the wild beast, other than they were dangerous, and sometimes they killed the villagers. That had always been enough for me.
When the King finally noticed that I was no longer lagging behind him, he stopped and looked back at me. “Come on lad,” he motioned. “It’s ok; my men are waiting for me over the hill.” 
I ran to edge of the hill, and looked down at the knights waiting. I squirmed once again with excitement. I didn’t know what he had in store with me, but I loved nothing more than spending the day with the King’s private knights. 
It was the first day that my sense of security had been shattered. It didn’t scare me though, I was young and the thought of war excited me. The king explained to me that we would soon be fighting, not only the oar demon the roamed the forest, but also a human enemy. That surprised me because I didn’t think we had any human enemies. 
“Have you ever seen an oar demon?” I asked the King.
He hesitated. “Yes.”
“You have?” I asked wide-eyed. “Did you kill it?”
“William, I want to make perfectly clear to you, that seeing an oar demon isn’t exciting. 
Hey are extremely dangerous, and the odds of a human surviving an attack are very slim.” 
“What do they look like?” I asked. 
He shifted again uncomfortably. I suddenly got the feeling this wasn’t something he really wanted to talk to me about. “They are twice the size of a man,” he began. “They are covered in hair, and have claws for hands with razor sharp nails that could tear a man to pieces.”
We sat in silence for a few minutes. I wanted to say something, but I couldn’t think of anything. It occurred to me that the King was holding back on something he wanted to tell me. It was the first time that he had ever been serious with me. I realized that the way the King was treating me was slowly drifting away from the way he treated a child, and I wasn’t sure how I felt about that. 
“I’ve brought you out here today, because I need to show you something important,” the King said when we finally reached a large rock. “This is the boulder of the underground. If we are ever to come under attack, I want you to find as many as the woman and children in the palace and in the village, and bring them here. The rock can only be moved by the hand of a royal, so you’ll need to have the queen or one of the princesses with you.”
“What about you?” I asked. 
“Don’t worry about me. If we come under attack, I will be fighting to protect the kingdom.”
“What about me?” I asked. “If we come under attack, I want to protect the kingdom too.”
He smiled, and touched my chin. “You will be,” he said. 
“But how can I protect the kingdom if I’m running away from the fight?” 
“Because you’ll be seeing the queen and the princesses to safety.” I still didn’t understand, but when I was older, and the time came, I understood completely. The King went on to explain to me that the boulder led to underground safe houses. He explained to me that the King had secret knights undercover all over the kingdom; they were called the guardians of the throne.
 Only a hand full of people even knew that they existed, and I was now one of them. I felt special. The more into the conversation we got, the darker the King’s mood became. It was finally occurring to me, that we had never been safe, and the King had barely held the kingdom together for the last ten years. If we were to be attacked, the secret knights would protect the princesses and the rest of the royal family until they were safe. 
“If I am killed in battle, you are to make sure that Isabel is safe,” he told me. “I’ve seen to it, that the knights will look out for her, and give her a proper upbringing, but it’s up to you to make sure she gets from place to place safely. You may have to move often,” he said. “That’s why I want her helping with chores around the palace. I want to make sure that she can fit it.”
“If you die, do we have to hide forever?” I asked. 
He shook his head. “If anything happens to me, Isabel will remain in hiding until she’s old enough to rule. The guardians of the throne will build up a resistance, and when the time is right they will take back the kingdom.” 
“Like the Trojan horse story?” I asked.
He half smiled. “Yes, I suppose it’s something like that, except Harold won’t let his guard down. He’ll continue to look for her.” His mood grew darker again. “It’s my brother that I fear more than the oar demons,” he explained. “The beast can be repelled with weapons, and patrols. If my brother comes to power, it will not be good for any of our people.” He drew a deep breath in. 
“Well, I think that’s enough of that serious business today,” he finally said. “How about if I give you your first official lesson with the bow and arrow?”
“Really?” I practically screamed. I pushed aside all of the stuff that he had just told me. At that moment I was a little boy being given a lesson from his hero. 

Princess Isabel

Catherine and I dragged our feet to the stables. Neither one of us wanted to go. We had been playing in the gardens again when my mother had come to fetch us. I tried to beg my way out of it, but mother wouldn’t hear of it. I remember she even threatened to spank me if I didn’t go, so I pulled myself together and pouted all the way to the garden. 
“I don’t understand why we have to do palace chores now,” I whined to my mother. 
“Because the king commanded it,” my mother explained. Her eyes narrowed on me. “Even if he wasn’t the king, you must still always respect the fact that he is your father.” She stopped and pulled on my hand. “That goes for me as well. To everyone else, we are the Queen and King, but to you we are your parents first.”
I nodded. 
“What about me?” Catherine asked. 
The look on Mother’s face softened, and she touched Catherine’s cheek. “To you, we are your aunt and uncle before anything else.”
I grabbed onto my mother’s neck as did Catherine. I was too young to really understand what it meant to be royalty, and I saw my parents like any other young child saw their parents. I didn’t want to do palace chores, but like any other child I didn’t want my parents to be angry with me either. Maybe it wouldn’t be so bad. Last time the stable boy had done most of the work for me. 
I had seen him a few other times at banquets, although I wasn’t quite sure of his name, but I knew that he was the son of my Father’s favorite knight. I knew his father as Sir Walter. Although my interactions with Sir Walter’s son were limited, I knew Sir Walter quite well. 
Sir Walter was almost like another uncle to me. He was always with Father and Uncle Charles’s. He was a tall man with thick blond hair that was often tied in a ponytail and ocean blue eyes. I liked him because he was playful, and often brought me dolls when he dined with my family, which was often. 
Father told me that Sir Walters’s family had always been good to ours and that if anything should ever happen to him, to trust Sir Walter. 
As we approached the stables, I saw Sir Walter leaning against the outside of the building. I ran to him, flying into his arms. He laughed, and then put me down. 
“How are you today Princess Isabel?” He asked. 
“I’m good!” I exclaimed. “Do you have a doll for me?”
“Isabel!” My mother scolded. 
“I’m sorry, not today, but maybe next time.”
“I’m sorry,” my mother apologized. “I can see that I need to tend to her manners more.”
“No worries, you’re majesty,” he shrugged. “She’s still a young child,”
“A princess should behave better,” my mother said, her eyes narrowing on me. 
Catherine tugged at Sir Walter’s sleeve. 
“Princess Catherine!” He exclaimed, picking her up and twirling her around as she giggled. A second later, he picked me up as well and was twirling us both around in circles as we giggled. 
You’re both getting so big; before I know it you’ll be as big as my son William.” He put us both down. 
“Twirl us again,” Catherine begged. 
He smiled at us. “I actually have to go see the King now, but I promise to take you both out riding later.”
We both squealed. Catherine and I were both fascinated with horses, and Sir Walter often took us out for riding lessons. I liked Sir Walter better than the other adults in my life because he wasn’t constantly reminding me of my manners. You see when you’re a princess, you’re a princess first, and a child second in the eyes of everyone around you. But when I was with Sir Walter, I was always a child first. 
“Girls, it’s time for your chores,” Mother said ushering us towards the entrance for the stables. She said goodbye to Sir Walter, and as soon as we were out of ear shot, she stopped to give me a lecture about etiquette. “You’re getting too old to behave like that,” she warned. “For one, you are no longer to run up to people like that, you are the heir to the throne, and you are to approach people the way a princess does; especially people of rank. How many times do I have to tell you to curtsy? And for the last time, it’s rude to ask people if they have presents for you!”
I cowered into a corner. “I’m sorry Mama,” I whimpered. “Am I in trouble?” I asked. 
She shook her head. “No, not this time, just please don’t make me tell you again. Now come on, let’s go find William.”
When we found William, he was busy cleaning out horse stalls. At first he didn’t notice us, and then finally, Mother cleared her throat. He dropped what he was doing, and bowed. “Your Majesty,” he greeted her. 
“Good afternoon, William,” she said tapping him on the shoulder smiling as he came up from his bow. “Perhaps you can teach my daughter some of your manners.” 
My face flushed with embarrassment, as William stood there, unsure of what to say. 
“I haven’t seen you in quite a while,” my mother said. “Why have you not been to any banquets recently?”
William fidgeted. 
“I see,” My mother said intuitively. “I know that court events may not always be the most exciting place for a young boy, but it’s important that you start to go at a young age. You children are the future of court, and it’s important that you learn court etiquette.”
“Yes Majesty,” he said. I felt bad for him; I didn’t enjoy court events either. 
“You must start coming more often,” she warned. 
“Yes Majesty,” he replied. 
She smiled. “William, has the King spoken with you about why the princesses are here today?”
“Yes, he has.”
“Well, well then. You are to make sure that the princesses work hard, and you are not to do their work for them,” she said looking over at us. “While it is not usually proper to give orders to a princess, in this case you have our permission.” She turned and walked out of the stables. 
William looked us over for a second awkwardly. “The stalls need to be cleaned” he informed us. “You’ll want to change your clothes for that.”
I shrugged. I had no interest in doing any of the chores but I knew that I would be in trouble if I didn’t do a better job helping this time. If I was going to work, I might as well put work clothes on, no need to ruin my dress. 


William

They were horrible workers….the both of them. I hated the task that I had been given, but I was eager to please the King. I remember at the time that I liked Catherine better; she was the less resistant of the two girls. Although, they looked almost exactly alike, it was easy to tell them apart. 
Catherine had sweetness to her that Isabel didn’t, and she didn’t carry herself like a royal. If she hadn’t dressed like one, she could easily have fit in with the commoners, especially when she changed into the workers clothes. 
Isabel on the other hand, I had my doubts that she could pass for one of us. She had been the heir to the throne to long, she knew nothing about what it was like to be a commoner, nor did she behave anything like a common girl of her age would. She was willful, insolent, and lazy. 
As they both stumbled out of the changing rooms that day, I couldn’t help but feel sorry for them both. Both of them had no idea how much danger they could be in. 
“We look like boys,” Catherine stated seeming half amused.
I smiled at her. I wasn’t sure why, but it was easy to like Catherine. “Yes, you do,” It was an observation that later would serve me well. 
“I hate it,” Isabel complained.” These clothes are oversized, they’re hot, and they itch. Isn’t there anything else that we could wear?”
“I’m afraid this is the best that we can do,” I apologized. I wonder what her father had told her about why she was here. I wondered if he had told her anything at all. 
“Well I hate them,” she said in a bratty tone that I would become all too familiar with. 
As that first afternoon dragged on, I assigned them the same tasks that any other palace servant would have to perform in the stables. I started with the horse stables. I knew they were both fond of the horses, so I thought maybe I could ease them into it. 
They were excited when they saw the horses, and I let them brush them. At the moment, they almost seemed like any of the other little girls that I knew, but after that, the day got progressively worse. Neither one of them was happy when I told them we had to clean the stables out. 
Catherine was submissive however. She did all things without complaint. Most of the nobility girls were raised to be submissive. As a matter of fact Isabel was the only girl that I had ever known not to be. 
I figured it probably had to do with the fact that she was heir to the throne. I hated her. I hated everything about Isabel. As far as I was concerned she was a spoiled brat, who had no respect for anyone other than her parents. 
One day I was working in the stables when the King walked in. Both of the girls immediately ran to him as he scooped them both up, just like I had often seen my own father do with them. He tickled both of them as they giggled. He put them both down, and informed them that he had actually come to see me. 
“What is it Uncle?” I asked. 
“Let’s take a walk William,” he said 
I was nervous. The last time that he had wanted to take a walk with me, he had changed my whole sense of safety. What would he want to tell me now? He told the girls to continue with their work, and when we got outside, he told another servant to supervise the Princesses for the rest of the day. My stomach grew tight in knots; something told me the king had bad news for me. He called for his horse, and we rode back to the palace. 
When we got to the palace I expected the king to tell me what he had said. He had told me he wanted to take a walk, but we had ridden to the palace instead. I wondered what he had to say, but my curiosity would have to wait to be satisfied. He led me into the castle by hand, as curious onlookers stared. I heard one of them whisper, “poor lad.” I wondered if I was in some kind of trouble.
The King finally led me into his private chambers. I had never been in his private chambers before, and I was astonished. I had never seen anything so elaborate. Everything was made of gold, and the wall was littered with art. Finally we reached the bedroom, where the Queen was standing looking out a window. 
She came over to me, and I knelt. “There is no need for that now,” she said. There were tears in her eyes. I looked up at the King, and realized there were tears in his eyes too. He shook his head, and walked over to where the Queen was. His eyes looked distant. 
I grew more and more nervous. Had I done something wrong? I didn’t understand what it could possibly be. The King and Queen had never required such a private audience with me in the past. 
“I can’t bring myself to say it,” he finally said looking at the Queen as if to give her permission. 
She sat back onto a couch and told me to come sit by her. I walked over to the couch nervously. 
“What is it?” I asked. 
She swallowed hard. I had never seen the Queen not composed, but I could tell whatever it was, disturbed her. “It’s your father,” she said almost in a whisper. 
“What about him?” I asked. “Has he been hurt?”
She put her hand over mine. “You’re father went on a hunting trip with the king today,” she explained. 
“Yes, I know” I said. “He told me this morning that he was going hunting with the King.”
“I’m afraid there was an ambush,” she said again almost in a whisper.
“What kind of ambush?” I asked. “Where is my father? Is he ok?”

The Queen

My heart broke many times that day. It broke the hardest, when I had to tell the poor boy, that his father had been killed protecting the King from an attack by an oar demon. That was all that I told him. The details were too horrific for any child to know. 
As I looked at the tears streaming down the face of the screaming child, I could barely compose myself. I too, had loved the boy’s father. Without him, my husband would never be the same again. 
“I want to see him,” William cried. 
“I’m afraid that you can’t,” I explained. 
“Why not?” He asked sobbing. 
I looked to my husband. “I’m afraid that the oar demon took your father…” he let his voice trail, and finally threw his arms around William, and they both stood there sobbing together. 
I didn’t realize it then, but through the loss of his best friend, my husband had finally gained the thing he had always wanted most…a son. 
That night, we did the best we could to comfort the dear lad, but there is no comfort for a child in such times. 
“What is to happen to me now?” He asked. 
“Don’t worry,” I tried to sooth him. “We’ll make sure that you’re taken care of,” I assured him. I stroked his hair for what felt like the longest time, until he finally fell asleep in my arms. I stared down at him, and felt pity for the boy. His father had been a good man, and my husband’s best friend. His father, and his father, before that had both served our family faithfully and lost their lives for it. It was then that I realized that William was now our responsibility. He was our responsibility, the way that so many orphans were before him. It was always our responsibility to take care of the child of a slain warrior. But William was different because of his relation to the King. When I was sure that he was in a deep sleep, I got up, and went to comfort my husband. 
He was drunk half out of his mind by the time that I got to him. I put my hand on his shoulder, unsure of what to say. “Leave me be,” he said. 
I went and sat down on the couch. He always told me to leave him when he was upset, but he never meant it. I sat and quietly waited for sorrow that I knew would poor out of him. 
“We have to take care of William,” he said getting up.
“I know,” I replied.
“No, I mean we really have to take care of him,” he said. “His grandfather died protecting my father, and now his father has died protecting me. He has no mother, he has no one left but us,” the King said. 
“I know,” I replied again.
“I won’t let William die,” he said. “His father will be the last of his line to die protecting the crown.”
“What do you mean?” I asked. 
“I mean, I can’t let William be a knight anymore,” he said. 
“But that’s his dream,” I replied. I knew how much being a knight meant to the boy.
“I won’t have it,” he said. 
“Then what is to become of the boy?” I asked. 
“We’ll raise him,” he replied. “We will raise him as if he was our own son. He will be educated as a prince, and when he’s old enough I’ll make him a duke. Maybe I’ll even marry him off to one of the princesses.”
“Are you sure that’s what you want to do?” I asked. 
“I’m sure,” he said. “It’s what my father did for his father when he was orphaned defending the crown. This time, though he won’t become a knight. I’ll see to it, that boy lives a long and healthy life.” 
I heard William in the next room crying. I wondered if he had heard us. I rushed into comfort him.

Sir Owen

My early days as a knight were happy days. Being a knight came naturally to me. My father had been a knight. I felt badly when I heard about the boy. I knew how hard it was to lose a father protecting the kingdom. I wanted to seek him out, but knew that it was inappropriate. Rumor had it he was to become a prince. Part of me envied that, and part of me didn’t. 
I envied it, because I had been like William. The son of a knight. My father had been killed when I was young, and the King had taken me in, but never as his own. I was raised alongside the children of nobles, and other orphans of the King’s knights.
The King felt obligated to take care of children after their father’s died in battle. He felt like his men would fight more bravely if their families were taken care of after they died. It hadn’t been a bad childhood. I was well educated, and well fed. I didn’t want for anything, except for love. The King and Queen approved of me, but they didn’t love me, not the way that I wanted them to. Or at least I didn’t think that they did. 
I envied the boy for that. The King and Queen lavished him with love, and treated them as their own child. Of course his circumstances had been different. His father had been like a brother to the King. The boy had practically been his nephew since birth. I was told the boy often even referred to the King as Uncle. 
I didn’t envy the responsibilities of being a prince however. I couldn’t imagine the burden it would be for a boy who hadn’t been much more than a commoner. I remember when I first started my education at court, the children of knights kept distance from the children of the nobles. They were from two different worlds. William wouldn’t fit into any now. Had things been different, he would have remained with the orphans of knights, and grown up to be a knight himself.
But I knew those children well. They could never be his friends now. He would grow up to be a court man, not a commoner. I also knew the court children would not accept him. They would treat him with respect because of the King, but he was not one of them. He had not grown up with the finer things, or the fancy education, and I knew that he probably wanted none of them. For the rest of his life, he would have to straddle the two worlds, not ever fitting into either one. 
I thought of his father. His father had done it, hadn’t he? His father had been the son of a knight, and raised as a royal after his father had died. His father had straddled both worlds and seemed happy. Or had he? Maybe his only real friend was the King. 
I didn’t envy the boys new lot in life, but I envied the love he had of the King and Queen. I wondered why they had never loved me the way they loved the boy. I had always done what I was told and tried to please them. I snapped out of my thoughts when I heard the rustling behind me. It was Anna.
“Shouldn’t you be getting back to court now?” She asked. “They are going to start suspecting something,” she said.
“I keep thinking that it could happen any minute now,” I said. “I don’t want you to be alone when it happens.”
“You have to tell the king,” she replied “If you tell him, then maybe he won’t be so mad.”
“Of course he’ll be mad,” I snapped. “He’ll probably have my head on the chopping block, and if he doesn’t, your father will.” 
She hung her head. I knew that she felt ashamed. No one even knew where she was. Her parents thought she was still serving as a lady in waiting to the Queen, and the Queen thought she had returned to her parent’s months ago. 
We both knew the punishment for a lady in waiting to become pregnant before marriage. 
“I don’t want anything bad to happen to us,” she said.
I laced her fingers through mine. “Don’t worry, nothing will happen. I’ll figure something out. Just give me time,” I said. I kissed her, and rode off on my horse towards the palace. 

Isabel

At first I took pity on William. When my parents first told me that they were going to raise him, I was even excited. I had always wanted a sibling to play with, and I thought that I’d finally have a big brother. But William had no interest in me whatsoever. 
I didn’t quite understand it. He was a royal now. That meant that the other kids wouldn’t want to play with him. The other kids never wanted anything to do with the royals. They resented us. When they were nice to you, you never knew if it was because they really liked you, or if it was because they just wanted to suck up to you. Father had even warned me on a few occasions, that sometimes the parents encourage their children to befriend me, when they wanted something from the King. Most five year olds wouldn’t be aware of any of this. But my parents had warned me from a young age to be suspicious of people that wanted to get close to me. To be a royal, means that you have to question the motives of everyone around you. 
So I was shocked when William wanted nothing to do with me. Overtime I began to resent him for it. By the time I was seven, I hated him. The only time he ever spoke to me, was when we were working in the stables, and he was never nice to me. I was never sure why, but I knew that he detested me as well. 
The only people he seemed interested in at all were my parents, and Catherine. I couldn’t understand why he was so nice to Catherine, and not me. Catherine and I weren’t so different.
“Why does William hate me?” I asked my father one day. 
He looked at me curiously. “Why do you think that he hates you? He asked me.
“Well,” I began. “He never wants to play with me, but he plays with Catherine sometimes, and he tries to avoid speaking to me at all cost, except for when we’re in the stables. When we’re in the stables he’s always bossy and harsh with me.”
“I assume that he’s harsh with you when you’re in the stables, because you’re not a very good worker.”
I shrieked back hurt, and then prepared for his wrath. I thought that I had been doing fine with my work. It was true that I hated doing it, and complained from time to time, but I always did what I was told. “What do you mean?” I asked afraid. “I do what I’m told.”
“You’re resistant to doing what you’re told. You’re miserable the whole time, and you complain about everything that you’re asked to do. I did not raise you to complain.”
I was shocked. I didn’t realize my behavior came off as being that bad. Then I felt angry. I wondered who had been saying all these bad things about me. People weren’t supposed to talk badly about a princess behind her back. I clenched my fist in anger. “Who said that?” I demanded to know. “It’s not true, and I’ll have their necks for talking about me. Was it William? I’ll kill him if it was!”
“Isabel!” My father barked. “Don’t you dare say another word! I’ve instructed William, and the others to keep me informed on your work. I assigned you to palace chores for your own good, and I’m insulted that you complain. It’s an embarrassment to your mother and I, and you come off like a spoiled little brat.”
Tears began to flood from my eyes. He had never spoken to me so harshly before. Suddenly I seemed to be collapsing under the pressure of being my father’s child. Suddenly I was sick of being a princess. No matter what I did, someone was always scolding me. I could never be proper enough, I could never do well enough in my studies, and now I couldn’t even do chores correctly. Would anything that I did, ever be good enough? It was that moment that I began to hate William. 
Suddenly, I felt like he was the child that my parents wanted to have. It seemed like no matter what my parents were always praising him. At banquets, they were always telling everyone how proud they were, and how proud his father would be of him. When he did do something wrong, my parents were never as hard on him, as they were on me. 
I felt angry. It seemed like the only time my parents ever paid any attention to me anymore was to scold me. As my father continued to yell at me, the tears became hot, until finally I couldn’t take it anymore. I ran off, my father screamed for me to come back, but I didn’t want to. I didn’t want to be a princess anymore; I just wanted to get away, far away. 
I ran into the woods that I had been forbidden to go into. I knew that he wouldn’t dare come into the forest without being armed. I’m sure he had gone back into the palace to get his knights, and weapons. I smiled, it meant more time for me to get away. It didn’t occur to me, that it was just giving me more time, to find danger. 
I walked down by a stream picking up pebbles and trying to skip them across the water’s surface. I was unaware, but I was being hunted. I pranced along, smiling to myself for getting away. I was done with being a princess. I was done with being yelled at, I was done with responsibilities, and I was done with chores. I could finally just be a normal kid. I imagined a hunter in the woods finding me. I would tell him that I was an orphan, and he would take me home and raise me. I would finally have a normal childhood.
Suddenly, I heard leaves crunching and heavy footsteps. It had to be a hunter. I didn’t think it would happen that fast. I looked around. Surely, it had to be a hunting party, no one ever hunted in the woods alone. But as I looked around I didn’t see anything. I wondered if it was father, but then I realized it couldn’t be. There hadn’t been enough time, and he would be with a group. 
I thought I saw something large moving behind the trees, but then brushed it off as my eyes playing tricks on me. Maybe I hadn’t heard anything. I turned my back to continued walking along the stream, and then I heard it. It was the unmistakable sound of feet hitting the ground running, and fast. I glanced over my shoulder, and was horrified.
It was something that I had never seen before. It was bigger than any many that I had ever set eyes on, yet it looked like a man running on all fours, barring sharp teeth like a dog. But it was unlike a man, because it had large paws, with claws, and he was covered in fur, with horns sticking out from his head. 
I screamed and took off running terrified. It didn’t take long for it to gain on me. To this day, I’m sure the only reason that I survived was because I was so small, and able to run in between the cracks of boulders in the forest. Finally I ran into a rock that had a large space underneath it. He tried to claw at me, but couldn’t reach inside the rocks. He stood up on his hind legs, and growled pacing back and forth. 
Finally I thought that he had left, and I started to move out from my hiding spot, when his long arm reached into the space and clawed my shoulder. I screamed in agony. His claws were still in my shoulder trying to pull me out, as I tried to kick and hit him with my arm. Nothing I did was working. I was screaming frantically hoping that someone would hear me. Finally I bit into the arm that was holding onto me as hard as I could. He let out a large snarl and let me go. I sank back into the space far out of his reach. Then the rock began to move. I screamed, horrified as he tried to move the rock. My heart was beating fast, and I struggled for breath as I started to become light headed. Before long, I found myself fighting against the darkness that seemed to be engulfing me. “Don’t fall asleep,” I kept saying to myself, “Don’t fall asleep.” 

William

I had been forbidden from the study of becoming a knight. I had first learnt of my fate the same night that my father died. I had pretended to fall asleep that night, because I wanted to be alone, and the Queen was intent on soothing me. I finally realized that if she thought I was asleep, she would let me be. So I pretended to sleep, as she and the King discussed what they would do with me. 
The thought of being raised as a prince wasn’t so bad. I loved the King. In many ways, he had already been raising me since I was a baby. But I wanted to be a knight like my father. I came from a line of knights, and I was proud of my family history. I tried to muffle my cries. My whole world was being destroyed so fast. First I lost my father, and now I was going to be forced to give up my dreams, and live a life that I did not want. The Queen rushed in as soon as she heard me crying. I pretended like I hadn’t heard what they were talking about, and let her sooth me back to sleep again. But I couldn’t sleep that night. 
When the king finally did tell me what my fate was going to be, I pretended once again like I hadn’t heard what they were talking about the night before. I begged and pleaded for him to change his mind. I told him, how much it meant to me, and how I had never wanted anything else. 
But he wouldn’t hear of it. He said that he owed it to my father to raise me this way. 
The first couple of years were the worst. I missed my father, and the life that we had together. The King and Queen had been good to me, but nothing could compare to what I had with my father. 
My mother had died when I was a baby and my father had raised me. I grew up idolizing him, dreaming of the day that I would become a knight . Becoming a knight was all that mattered to me. I had no interest in an education, or court life. I’d rather be out riding, and working in the stables, then sitting at a boring banquet, talking to people that I had no interest in talking to. But the King gave his orders, and I would obey them. I tried to enjoy it, I really did. Maybe it wouldn’t be so bad. The King had said that maybe I would marry one of the princesses. I hope that if I did, it would be Catherine.
Isabel and I didn’t get along. I could tell she wasn’t happy having to share her parent’s attention. At first she tried to play with me, but I had no interest. She was bossy, and arrogant, and she was always trying to act like she was better. 
When I first began my education, we were in the same class. She rubbed it in my face that she was younger, and more educated than me. I hated the classes, but the King ordered me to go, so there I was. I learnt quickly, which I think egged her on. 
The King would often come to our class to talk with our tutor. I liked our tutor, he was smart and he encouraged me even though I was behind. He always made a point of telling the King how well I was doing. But it irritated me that Isabel could never hear someone compliment me in front of the King, without pointing out how much further ahead she was. 
It was during this time that I became friends with Catherine. I was embarrassed my first day in class when I didn’t know how to read at all. Isabel made fun of me relentlessly for it, and I felt ashamed. It was after that first day that Catherine approached me and offered to help. 
“Why do you want to help me?” I asked her.
“Because you helped me in the stables,” she replied.
I used to meet with her after every class, and she helped me with my lessons. Before long I was catching up to other children at rapid speed. I had always gotten along well with other children that resided in the palace. But suddenly, once I was officially a member of the royal family, none of them wanted anything to do with me anymore. I was lonely. I had no friends that lived outside the palace. I had been raised with the children of the palace hands, and they now resented me. 
It hurt. I tried to make friends with some of the other children in the class, but they didn’t want anything to do with me either. Catherine quickly became my one and only friend. 
I often wondered if that was way Isabel hated me so much. Catherine was her only friend as well. Sometimes, some of the other children pretended to be her friend, but they were only using her to get close to the King. I felt bad for her at times. I had always disliked her before, but part of me felt bad for her. I now knew what it was like to be trapped in different worlds. Part of her was just an ordinary child, who sought acceptance, but she was the princess. A child in the royal family can never really be an ordinary child. I guess that’s what drew me to Catherine. She understood that. I was at least happy that I had an ordinary life for the first seven years. I missed it greatly. The King and Queen lavished me with praise and gifts, as if they were trying to make up for the loss of my father. 
The Queen quickly became the mother that I had never known. At first I hated her because she smothered me so much, and it seemed like she was always reprimanding me for some lack of protocol. But like my studies, I dedicated myself to learning quickly. Before long I was forgetting what it was like not to be prince, and as time went on, I began to see the King, not as the King, but also as a father. Like any child, I sought their acceptance and approval, and relished in it. 
As time went by though, I always maintained my love for the stables. I didn’t know why, but I felt drawn to the horses. I was working in the stables the day that Isabel took off into the forest. She had been arguing with her father, and ran off. I saw the King yell to her as she ran towards the stables. He turned his back, and threw his hands up in the air. It was a rare thing for the King to do-as if admitting defeat. But I knew that he was frustrated with Isabel, and must have been at the end of his patience. I’m sure he assumed that she was running into the stables, and not the forest. He began to walk away, and I was starting to go back to work. I expected Isabel to come running in every second. That’s what she always did when she was upset. 
She used to run into the stables, and hide in the stacks of hay for hours. It annoyed me, but at least she didn’t bother me. After a few minutes, I couldn’t help but wonder why I hadn’t seen her come in yet. I poked my head back outside the stables and glanced around. That’s when I saw her running into the forest. I panicked, and my eyes searched for the king. He was walking back towards the palace. 
I yelled to one of the other hands in the stable. I told him to run to the King, and tell him where the Princess was heading. I could see her running deeper into the forest. Within a matter of minutes, she would be completely out of sight. I knew that I had been forbidden from being a knight, and that I would be in great trouble for picking up a sword, but I did it anyways. There was no time to wait. By the time the other hand got the King, and they got help, it might be too late. I grabbed what weapons and armor I could find in immediate sight, and ran into the forest after the Princess. 
I panicked when I couldn’t find her right away. Then I heard her scream. I ran towards the sound of the scream. I reached a stream, and found her hair ribbons laying on top of some sticks. 
My heart sank, and I felt sick. It was too late. Then I noticed a tear of her dress on a tree in front of me and walked towards it. My heart raced, had she been torn to pieces by an oar demon? I noticed another one up further ahead, and followed it. I continued to follow the pieces of the dress, until I heard more screaming. She was still alive. I readied myself for attack. I couldn’t see her, but it was obvious where she was now. I jumped onto the back of the beast, and began stabbing him with a dagger. I caught him off guard, and I knew I was lucky for that. 
He began to thrash around, trying to throw me off his back. I silently prayed that the commotion wouldn’t get the attention of more demons. The demon turned his back and suddenly slammed up against the rock, crushing me and knocking the wind out of me. I screamed when he dug his claw into my leg. The hand that I had the dagger in, was crushed up against the rock. 
I began to furiously beat him with me other hand, as he continued to throw his back against the rock. I reached around his face, and dug my fingers into his eye. He let out a blood curling yell, and fell forward. I fell off his back, and onto the ground. Blood dripped from his eye. He snarled and move back towards me. I backed up against the wall of the rock, and felt the sword at my side. I knew that I had to wait for the right moment. I could feel my heart jumping out of my chest as he came closer, until finally, I pulled my sword out, and dug it into his throat. The demon collapsed, and I almost did as well. 
I leaned back against the rock for a second, and suddenly noticed the pain in my leg where the demon had clawed me. I tore off a piece of my shirt to try and stop the bleeding. I knew that the smell of blood would attract them from miles around. Then I noticed the pain in the rest of my body from being crushed against the rock. I tried to stand, and felt pain as hot as fire shooting throughout my ribs. I knew then that they were broken. But I forced myself to get up. I silently prayed again, this time for a search party to find us soon. “Isabel,” I called. 
There was no response. I stumbled over to the gap under the bottom of the rock, and saw her, laying there motionless, and bloody. “Isabel,” I called again. Still nothing. I crouched down, sticking my arm under rock, to try and shake her a little bit. She moaned slightly, and I thanked god that she was alive. I crawled under slowly, each fiber of my body screaming with such severe pain that within moments I was out of breath.
I crawled up next to her, and nudged her. “Isabel, wake up. It’s me, William.”
Her eyes fluttered upon. “It hurts,” she cried. 
“It’s ok. He’s gone now.” I pulled her up against me, and crawled out from under the rock. Once we were in the light, I could see how badly she’d been hurt. Her dress had been shredded almost entirely. She had cuts all over her body, with several gashes that were undoubtedly from the demon. The worst one was the one on her shoulder. I tore the rest of my shirt of and tried as best as I could go cover it. She shivered, and I realized that she was going into shock. I had to get her help. 
I bit down hard, as I sucked up the pain, and picked her up. I stumbled, as I walked back towards the palace in agony. Every few minutes she would moan. At one point I was sure that she had stopped breathing, and my heart stopped, but then she would come back. It was the first time that I had ever seen her strong will to live. It was also the first time, my will to save the girl, I didn’t even like, would be tested. The further we got, the more agonizing the pain I was feeling became. At one point, I wasn’t sure that I could go on anymore. I knew that if another demon found us, we were goners.
Then I heard it, the gallops of footsteps of horses. “We’re over here I screamed. We’re over here.”

The Queen

I had never seen the king so angry, or relieved. We had almost lost both of them. I wasn’t sure when, but William had really become our son. I sat at his bedside, and watched him sleep. It had been such a foolish thing that he had done. It was a miracle that he had survived, and with only minor injuries. Well I considered them minor anyways; he wouldn’t, when he woke up. The gash in his leg would heal quickly enough, but the broken leg, arm, and ribs would take a while to heal. He would be on bed rest for a while, but he would live, as would my daughter. 
“I can’t believe it,” I heard my husband mutter for the 100th time in the last day. “How did he do it? How did he survive an attack against the oar demon? And then carry her for such a long distance?”
“I don’t know,” I replied. I didn’t want to think about it anymore. I just wanted to be happy that they were both still alive. 
“Only the best of the best of my knights have survived in a fight against the beast by themselves. Only a few have ever fought one of those monsters solo, and survived. How did he do it?”
“Maybe you should reconsider letting him be a knight,” I suggested. 
“No,” he said abruptly. “I won’t have it. This was a close enough call.”
“You know that I love the boy just as much as you, but you just said it yourself, only a few have ever managed what he has, and he’s only a boy.”
“No,” he said again. “I won’t risk his life. And besides, I forbid him from picking up the sword. What kind of example would I be setting if I let him become a knight now? When he heals he must be punished.”
“Punished?” I asked. 
“Yes, punished.”
“For what?” I asked trying not to become angry. I knew that he was over emotional and tired. 
“For disobeying.”
“If he hadn’t disobeyed, your daughter would be dead right now.”
“He still has to be punished,” he muttered. 
“No, I won’t allow it,” I said stubbornly. 
“What?” he questioned.
“I said I won’t allow it. He should be rewarded for his bravery,” I shot back. 
“What?” he said again.
“You heard me,” I replied. “This boy has saved the life of the heir to the throne. What kind of message would you is sending, if he isn’t rewarding it for it?”
He chewed his lip for a second, and then got up to leave the room. “I’m going to go check on our daughter,” he said. He held out his hand for me. I breathed a sigh of relief. I had weathered many of my husband’s stormy moods, and managed to calm many of them. I knew that sometimes he could be harsh on the children, but it was only because he was so concerned for their wellbeing. 
Especially lately. Every thought that he had, was consumed with his brother, and what would happen to the children if war broke out. 
I was sure that William would be fine no matter the outcome. If they had to go into hiding, it would be easy enough for him. Since he had come to live with us, I had refined some of his manners, but he hadn’t changed. He could still fit in with the commoners. I knew he’d probably even be happier with them. My heart ached at the thought. I wished that I could make the boy happy. If only the king would let him be a knight. I knew that was the one thing the boy really wanted. It didn’t matter that we tried to lavish him with gifts to try and make up for what he was missing. He did want for materialistic things. He was simple, and I envied that. 
I often wished that Isabel would be more like him. The more time I spent with William, the more time I spent wondering if I had raised my own child right. She was rude, threw tantrums, and was defiant. William on the other hand was submissive, polite, and generous. Suddenly I knew why Isabel acted out so. 
I grabbed onto my husband’s arm. “It’s us,” I said. 
“What do you mean?” he asked.
“We’re the reason why Isabel acts out so.”
“I’m not sure that I understand,” he said. 
“We’re too hard on her,” I explained.
“You’ve gone mad,” he said.
“No,” I responded. “All we ever do is reprimand her.”
“She’s the heir to the throne. It’s our job to make sure that she behaves correctly.”
“Don’t you see though, we never praise her when she does. That’s why she’s so jealous of William.”
“It’s different. William is not the heir to throne,” he grumbled.
“No, but sometimes he’s treated like he is,” I told him before I could stop myself. I immediately regretted what I said. I knew that it was a sore point with my husband that we had never had a son.
He jerked his arm away from me. “I’m hard on the girl, because she’s spoiled rotten, and she never does what she is told.”
“Maybe she feels like she can never do anything right. I’m just as guilty of it as you are. I’m not saying it’s wrong to correct her, but maybe once in a while we need to praise her too. She’s only seven years old. She can’t be expected to be in control of her behavior all the time.”
“I’ve had enough of you tonight,” he said walking away from me. 
I followed behind him slowly, and waited outside Isabel’s bedroom. I had gone too far tonight, criticized him too much. I knew that he didn’t respond to it well. As a matter of fact, I was the only person that he tolerated it from at all. I was lucky that he even listened to me about William. 
But I had pushed too much with Isabel. She was his pride and joy, and he truly just wanted what was best for her, as did I. I knew him well enough, to know it was the fact that I had challenged him that he was upset about. He was upset, because I had questioned his parenting. I hadn’t meant to make him feel like a bad father, but I knew that’s how he was taking it. 
He finally came out. “She’s asking for you,” he said.
“She’s awake?” I asked. I silently thanked god. It was the first time that she had been awake since it happened. 
“Shall we go in together?” he asked. 
I could see that his mood had softened, and I nodded. When I walked into the room, I was shocked at the appearance of my daughter. I had been in and out of the room numerous times during the last few days, and it still shocked me to see her in the condition that she was in. 
I wondered if she would ever look the same again. I wondered if she’d ever be beautiful again. I looked down at her face that was covered with cuts. She was awake, but barely. I stroked her hair. 
“I’m sorry Mom,” she said. 
I hushed her, and told her to try and not talk. It was all I could do not to burst into tears. My eyes drifted to the gash on her shoulder that was partly covered by her night gown. I reached for the ointment that the doctor told us to rub on every few hours. She winced as I rubbed it onto her cuts. I tried to sooth her, by telling her that it would help her heal faster.

Sir Owen

Matilda was picking flowers by the cottage when I saw the riders go by. My first reaction was that there had been an attack. They were heavily armed, and there were a lot of them. 
“Horsy,” Matilda said as they rode by. 
“Yes, lots of horses,” I said trying not to sound panicked. “Come on Matilda,” I said leading her back into the cottage. 
My sister was sitting at the table reading. 
“Papa!” Matilda shrieked, when she saw my sister’s husband Eric. 
Matilda’s mother had died in childbirth. I blamed myself, because I hadn’t been there. I had been too afraid to tell anyone about our child. She was there alone when the birth happened. If I had been there, maybe she wouldn’t have bled to death. It still hurts to think of it. 
When I found her, she had already delivered the baby. She was still alive, but barely. She was holding onto the baby, who was screaming. “Hold on,” I told her. “I’ll go find some help!”
By the time I found help, she was gone. In my official report to the king, I told him that I had happened upon the cottage when I heard the baby screaming. I knew that if he found out that I was the father, and I had kept this secret from him, that I would be executed. 
He asked me if I would deliver the news to her parents. I didn’t want to, but I couldn’t refuse the order of a king. I trembled to think about it. I had barely contained my emotions enough when I reported to the King. I wasn’t sure how I was going to tell her parents what happened, without it being obvious that I was the father. 
Anna’s friend accompanied me on the ride. She had just weaned her own child, and was still able to feed. I was happy for her company. She was the only one that had known about me and Anna. It was the only time in Matilda’s life that I was openly able to act like her father. 
When we arrived at Anna’s home, her mother was outside gardening. She looked up at me puzzled. She had never seen me before, but I knew who she was instantly because she looked just like Anna. Then her eyes fell on Anna’s friend.
“What happened? Is Anna ok?” She asked. 
Nicole began to cry, 
“What happened?!” she cried. 
Anna’s father came out. “What’s going on?” He asked.
I got off my horse, and took the baby from Nicole. “My name is Sir Owen,” I started. “I’m afraid that I have some bad news.” I hesitated, as I struggled not to choke on my words. “Your daughter died in childbirth.”
“That’s impossible,” her father said. “We would have known. How did this happen? She was at court. Surely if she had gotten pregnant at court, we would have known,” he said the color draining from his face.
I swallowed a hard lump in my throat. I began to feel tears forming in my eyes. 
“No one knew,” Nicole said. “She said that she was returning home, and that was the last anyone saw of her. She was hiding in a cottage just outside the enchanted forest.”
“No!” Anna’s mother cried. 
“And the father?” Anna’s father asked. 
“No one knows,” Nicole said. “No one even knew that she was carrying a child.”
His eyes watered up, and then he clenched his fist as if he was furious. “I don’t understand. How could she do this? How could she dishonor the family like this?”
Her mother put a hand on his shoulder. “Now is not the time for anger,” she said. She wiped a tear from her cheek. “Is this the child?” She lifted the cloak from the babies face. 
“Yes my lady,” I replied. 
“May I?” She asked. 
I didn’t want to give the baby to her, but I knew that I had to. 
She took the baby into her arms, and stared down at her face. “She looks just like Anna,” she said. 
“Yes, she does,” I replied.
Anna’s father eyed me suspiciously. “Did you know our daughter?” He asked.
I nodded. “I met her several times at court functions. I was the one that found her. I heard the baby screaming, so I entered the cottage.”
“If it wasn’t for Owen, your granddaughter probably wouldn’t have survived,” Nicole offered.
“What about Anna. When you found them was she…” Anna’s father asked.
“She was still alive, but barely,” I said struggling to contain my emotions. “I tried to find help, but by the time I found someone, she had bled to death.”
“I need to go inside,” he said. “This is all just too much for me.”
We stayed at the village several days, at the request of Anna’s mother. She said there was no one else in the village that could feed the baby. Finally they called for us. 
Anna’s mother told me that they couldn’t keep Matilda. Her husband was angry over what had happened, and said that he couldn’t accept the baby. 
I tried to comfort her as she cried. “I don’t know what to do,” she said.
“Don’t worry, we’ll find a place for her at court.”
“Damn court,” she snapped. “If we hadn’t sent our daughter to court, we would still have her.
When we first arrived back at court, the baby stayed with Nicole and her husband. I had hoped at first, the baby would remain with them. But Nicole’s husband wanted no part in raising the baby. He said once the baby was weaned, that was it. 
It was then that I approached my sister. She had just married my good friend Arthur who was also one of the knights. I told them the whole story, and begged them to help. 
“Of course we’ll raise her,” Arthur said. “I will talk to the King tomorrow.” 
The King had approved, and for the last two years they had raised my daughter as their own. I tried to see her as often as I could. 
“Papa, why can’t I see the horses?” Matilda asked Arthur snapping me out of my thoughts. 
“Because today is just not a good day sweet heart,” Arthur said. 
“We should go,” I said to Arthur. 
He nodded. 
We said our goodbyes, and headed out ready for battle. We were half way to the forest when we heard them coming back. I saw her first, and then him. Both bodies were slumped over horses, both looked dead. As I approached I was appalled to see who they were. It was the Princess, and the boy. 
“What happened?” I asked one of the knights, who slowed down to talk to me, as the horses with the children galloped ahead. 
“The Princess took off into the forest and got attacked by an oar demon. The boy tried to save her, he even killed the thing.”
My eyes opened wide with amazement. “What do you mean? How is that possible?”
“I don’t know mate,” he said. “Maybe just a lucky day.”
“Will they be alright?” I asked.
The knight looked gloomy. “The boy is expected to recover, the Princess however is not.”
My heart sank. I knew how much the King cared for his child. 

Isabel

When I first woke up, I was dazed and confused. I thought that I had died, as I look around the dark room. I tried to open my eyes more but couldn’t, they felt heavy and swollen. I suddenly realized that they were so heavy because they were swollen almost all the way shut. I tried to touch my face, but my arms didn’t want to work. I moaned in pain, that was when I heard my father. 
“Isabel?” He whispered. 
“Father?” I asked, trying to move my head to look at him. I could barely see him out of the corner of my eye. That’s when I knew that I had survived. I asked for my mother and he left the room to get her. 
I closed my eyes again trying to remember what had happened. The last thing I remembered was being under the rock, terrified that I was going to die. How had I escaped? Had someone rescued me? I tried to remember, but couldn’t. All I could think about was the beast, and the pain. I still felt like my whole body was on fire. I would later learn that the oar claws contain poison that paralyze you, and that’s why I couldn’t move my arms, or open my eyes. That poison was still in my body. I didn’t realize how lucky I really was to be alive. If the poison isn’t treated soon enough, the victim can die. But how did I get out? I tried to remember again. Suddenly I remembered hearing a voice, calling for me. The voice was familiar, but I couldn’t quite put my finger on it. 
Then it hit me, it was William. Had he been the one to save me? Suddenly I remembered that I could hear him fighting with the demon, and I could feel the rock sway as they fought. I remembered hearing him scream, and the demon crying out. Then I remembered him crawling under the rock with me. He was covered in blood and hurt. Had he gotten me out? Had he been the one to save me? Had he survived? 
I tried to ask my mother that night about William, but I was too weak. As the days went on, I wanted to ask her over and over again, but every time I tried to say something, someone hushed me. It was five days before I felt well enough to open my eyes all the way. I could still barely move anything else, but I was beginning to feel the poison leave my body. It was like there was something heavy holding me down, and someone was lifting it off slowly and gently. 
I finally found the strength to talk, before someone could help me. “Who?” I managed to ask.
“Who what?” My father asked.
“Was it William?” 
“Yes, it was William,” my father said. 
“What happened to him?”
“He’s alive and recovering from his injuries.” 
So he had been hurt. I didn’t ask how badly. I didn’t want to know. I hoped that he hadn’t been hurt too badly. I looked over at my father. He had hardly left my bed side the entire time that I had been injured. It occurred to me that when he did leave, he was probably going to check on William. I wondered why William had saved me.
He had disobeyed my father. I knew that he must be in trouble for it. It didn’t make any sense. William didn’t even like me. Why would he choose to help me? Maybe my father had told him to find me. Either way, I felt overcome with guilt. It was my entire fault that I was hurt. I couldn’t believe that I had been so stupid running away like that. I realized that I should have died that day. It didn’t make sense that I hadn’t been killed. I was only seven, but still I knew that stories and I knew the fatherless children of victims. 
No one survived an attack by an oar demon, but somehow I had. Even those who survived the initial attacks, usually died of the poison before they could be saved. But somehow, I hadn’t died, and neither had William. It didn’t make any sense. I felt my father slip some medicine into my mouth and I drifted back to sleep. 

William

A few days after the attack, my mind was alert, but my body still felt like it was sleeping. The last thing that I could remember was calling for help, and then I woke up in the King’s private chamber. It reminded me of the day that my father had died. I had spent that night in the King and Queen’s private chamber, so that they could look after me. 
They came and went often, dividing their time between me and the Princess. I knew that I had suffered more injuries than the princess, but her recovery was expected to be longer because the poison had spread further into her body then it had in mine. I still couldn’t believe that we had both survived; especially not the Princess. She had been near death when I found her. None of it made any sense; especially not my own actions. I tried to remember back, why I had gone to help her. I wasn’t sorry that I did, but I understood what a foolish thing it was to do. 
I couldn’t find an explanation for what I had driven me into the forest to save her. It was almost like I had been possessed. That was the first time that I had begun to wonder. Was there something protecting the Princess, and me? Some of the king’s best knights had been killed by oar demons. My father had been killed by one, but yet we had survived. In a way, it felt good, like I had gotten my revenge for my father’s death. I hoped it had been the one that killed my father. 
My thoughts drifted to the King. I knew he had to be angry with me. He had forbidden me for picking up a sword. It had saved the life of his daughter, but I knew that disobeying the King came with heavy consequences. I tried to sit up, and pain immediately shot through my entire body. This is punishment enough I thought to myself. 
The Queen came into the room. I looked at the woman that I had come to love as my mother. I wondered if it would be ok to call her that. “If you just give me a minute your majesty, I will get down and kneel.”
She rolled her eyes at me. “I see that you’re feeling better,” she said smiling. 
“Yes your majesty. I’m feeling much better, although I still can’t move at all.”
“The doctor says that you should be able to start moving again in a couple of days. Isabel is already starting to move a little bit.”
“But how?” I asked. “I thought the poison had spread further into her body then it had mine.”
“You have a broken leg, arms, and ribs.”
“Oh,” I said. Astonishment washed over me. A broken leg? How had I walked for so long carrying the Princess? My mind drifted back to the thought of something watching over us. 
“I know what you’re thinking,” the Queen commented. “None of us understand how you survived, or how you managed to travel so far.”

The Queen

It had been the thing that was on all of our minds now that the children were recovering. None of it made any sense. Two children surviving an oar demon attack, and then William, walking on his broken leg, and carrying the Princess with a broken arm and ribs. How had he managed? Surely he must be something special. There must be a reason for it. Perhaps it was divine intervention. Perhaps William was meant to be a knight, and this was supposed to be some kind of message.
The king still wouldn’t hear of it though. He, as well as everyone else marveled at the fact that the children had survived, and especially William. He kept saying how proud William’s father would be. 
“Then honor his memory, by letting his son train to be a knight,” I would say. 
“No, I’m honoring his memory by not letting his son become a knight. Especially not after he saved Isabel’s life.” He leaned back in his chair. “Three generations of the boy’s family, have now saved three generations of ours, and he’s the only one not to give his life to do it. Don’t you see, I owe the boy life? If I let him become a knight, he is sure to die.”
“You don’t know that,” I replied. “Look at how much resilience he’s already shown. What are the odds that he would survive an attack? What are the odds that he could carry someone else on a broken leg, while having broken ribs, and a broken arm? What are the odds that he could resist the poison? For the love of god, the boy is on the way to a full recovery!” I argued. 
His eyes met mine. “ My mind is made up. We can’t risk his life again. I’m not even sure that I want to let him work in the stables anymore.”
“What?” I exclaimed. 
“If I let him work in the stables then he could try to run off and do something heroic again. Next time he might not be as lucky as he was this time. No, I want William under supervision at all times from now on.”
I realized what was going on. He loved William, like he would have loved his own son. He had almost lost him, and our daughter. I got down on my knees in front of him, and laced my fingers through his. “ I agree, they should both be under our supervision at all times from now on.”
He kissed my hand. “ I don’t know what I would have done if I lost them,” he confided. It was the first time in days that I had seen him put his guard down, and I was thankful for it. 
“Dear, let’s not take away what he loves. He’s already lost so much. Let him continue to work in the stables. I could go while he works.”
“I guess, I could too,” he relented. “ Maybe it would be good for me to spend more time with the children.”
My heart softened towards him. It had been such a long time since I had seen this side of him. For the past few years, all he could think about was the defense of the kingdom. At times, it was like he wasn’t even himself anymore. I was grateful that he had finally come out of the trance. Once again, I wondered if divine intervention was at play. Maybe almost losing the children was supposed to be some kind of message to the both of us. 
I heard footsteps at the door. I looked up, and was shocked to see Isabel. She looked weak, and was having a hard time maintaining her balance, but she was walking! The poison was finally leaving her body. The king ran to her and scooped her up. She smiled at him, and buried her head into his shoulder. 
I walked over, and embraced both of them. Now all we needed was for William to get well. 

Isabel

I made a much quicker recovery than expected.  I was told I would take longer to heal than William, because I had so much of the poison in my body.  But somehow I had recovered much more quickly. 
That night I asked to see William. I wanted to thank him for what he had done for me, and to apologize for what had happened to him. 
I was surprised that I had yet to be reprimanded for my actions. My mother or father hadn’t lectured me once. Maybe that was still to come, when I felt better. Father carried me to William’s room. He said he wanted me to save my energy. 
Before we entered, he stopped to warn me. “William’s injuries are more severe than yours were,” he explained. “You need to be careful not to touch him.”
“Why can’t I touch him?” I asked. 
“Because, many of his bones are still broken and need to heal,” he explained. “ You should also know that he might not look exactly the same. His face is still bruised and swollen.”
“Do I look the same?” I asked.
He looked to my mother, and said, “ Of course you do.” Something told me that he was lying, and I made a mental note to find a mirror later. 
When we entered the room, William was awake and Catherine was sitting at his bed side with my aunt and uncle. Her eyes brightened when she saw me. Father put me down, and Catherine came running to me. 
“Easy, Catherine,” he said. “Isabel is still quite weak.”
“I’m so happy that you’re well. I was so worried about you.”
“We stopped to see you on our way here, but you weren’t in your room,” my uncle explained patting me on the head and kissing me. 
“Child, come sit, you shouldn’t be up moving around,” my aunt said concerned. 
“I’m tired of not moving,” I complained. 
“Same here,” I heard William say from behind them. 
I hobbled over to him, and tried to get up on the bed to talk to him. I blushed when I realized that I didn’t have the strength. I hated having to ask for help. Thankfully, may father seemed aware of what was going on. 
“You shouldn’t be climbing up on things,” he scolded winking at me, as he picked me up. “You need to recover your strength more. He sat on the bed and put me on his lap.
“Are you ok?” I asked William.
“I’m getting there,” he responded. 
“I wanted to say thank you for what you did for me that day,” I said. 
“You don’t have to thank me,” he replied. “ I’d do it again in a heartbeat.” I felt my father tense up. I could tell it wasn’t something he wanted repeated. 
William seemed to catch on. “ I would always help someone that needs help,” he said trying to back track a little bit. It was a rare moment for both of us to be kind to each other. 
“I also wanted to make sure that you know I’m sorry,” I told him. 
“For what?” He asked.
“If I hadn’t taken off, then none of this would have happened. It’s my fault that you’re hurt.”
He attempted to shrug, but couldn’t quite raise his shoulder enough. “No worries,” he replied. “ It’s not that bad.”
I smiled at his lie. I hadn’t been hurt as bad, and it had been terrible. “ How are you feeling?” He asked. 
“Weak,” I said. “Today is the first day that I’ve been able to walk at all.” Suddenly I felt guilty. It occurred to me that he wasn’t going to be able to walk on his broken leg for at least another month. “How did you do it?” I asked. “ How did you walk on a broken leg?”
“I don’t know,” he replied. “ I didn’t really notice that it was broken. I mean my whole body felt on fire after, but it didn’t know that any of my bones were broken. It’s weird, if I tried to walk on my leg now, I’m pretty sure I wouldn’t be able to. I don’t know how I walked on it that day. Or how I carried you. I mean I can barely move at all now.” 
Someone knocked on the door. It was a messenger. He whispered something in my father’s ear, and left the room. “ Well, I’m afraid that I have some business that your uncle and I must attend to.” He kissed both me and William and left the room. 
William looked over at my mother. “ You’re majesty,” he began. 
“Yes William?”
“I was wondering something?”
“What dear?”
“Well, I never knew my real mother, but ever since I was little, you’ve helped to take care of me. Even when I was really small, I remember that you helped my father to look after me when I was sick. You also always made sure that I was being brought up properly, and since I’ve come to live with you and the king, you’ve done nothing but take care of me, and I was just wondering if it was ok to call you mother?”
My mother looked as if she might cry. “ Of course,” she said. “ The King and I have come to consider you the son that we never had. I would be honored to have you call me mother.”
I felt a pang of resentment. They were my parents, not his. But I couldn’t be to mad as I looked at him. After all, if it wasn’t for me he wouldn’t be laying on the bed mauled. 

William

I tried not to stare at Isabel’s face. I had been told that she didn’t know how different she looked, and they didn’t want her to know. Not yet. It was the hopes of the King that the scars would fade overtime. 
I wasn’t so sure after seeing her. The transformation in her was amazing. She was weak, and vulnerable, a way in which I wasn’t used to seeing her. I was stunned when she had come to my bedside to see me. It was the first ounce of kindness that I had ever seen her show anyone. Maybe what happened had changed her. 
Catherine told me that she had always been kind, but just didn’t know how to express it.
“That makes no sense whatsoever,” I said. 
“William, you don’t understand the pressure that she has on her. She’s never gotten to experience life the way that you have, and she resents that.”
“Why?” I asked. “Why should she resent that? She has everything.”
“William, I am the only friend that she can trust.”
“I saved her life, that should proof she can trust me.”
“You saved her life, but you’ve never been nice to her before really.”
“That’s because I’ve always thought that she was a spoiled little brat.”
She looked hurt. “William, Isabel and I have been raised exactly the same way. If you think she’s a spoiled little brat, then you must think I am as well.”
I was stunned that she would think that, and slightly impressed. Catherine was only seven years old, for such a young child to make connections like that, she must be brilliant. Brilliant but wrong. “ No, you’re different,” I said. 
“How so?” She asked. 
“Because, you’re always kind, and generous. When I first started class, you were the only other child to offer to help me.”
She smiled. It occurred to me that Catherine had a crush on me. I felt embarrassed, and awkward. Catherine was just a little kid to me, and I saw her like a little sister. I coughed, “ I think that I need some rest now,” I explained.
 “Oh of course,” she said. 


Isabel

Catherine crept into my room as I was lying in bed reading. I threw my book down. “ I’m so happy you’re here,” I said. “ They’re still not letting me get out of bed for much longer than twenty minutes at a time!”
“How are you feeling? I imagine soon you’ll be back to normal?”
“I feel a little better every day. I can almost get in and out of bed without help now,” I beamed. “ So tell me what have you been doing?”
“I just came from William”
“Again?” I exclaimed. “You’re always with him. 
She nodded. “I’m in love with him,” she blurted out.
“What?” I asked laughing. “ Don’t be ridiculous, you’re only seven.”
“So,” she said. 
“So, seven is too young to be in love.” 
“No, it’s not,” she said. “I think that I’m going to marry him one day,” she said.
“Ewe, William.”
“He’s not so bad. You guys just need to get to know each other more.”
“He hates me,” I said.
“He risked his life to save you,” she responded.
“That’s because he felt like it was the right thing to do. Not because he actually likes me at all. He hates me.”
“That’s not true. He’s just thinks that you can be a little spoiled sometimes, and not very nice.”
“Well maybe if he was nice to me once in a while, I would be nicer to him. Let’s not argue,” I said. Deep down, I was hurt that she liked him so much. She was the only real friend that I had, and I was worried that he’d take her away from me. Especially now that I knew he’d been talking to her about me. 

The Queen

He was frantic. They both were. Mary and I tried to calm our husbands, but there was no soothing their excitement. Harold was to come to the palace. He wanted to talk about peace, or so he said. We all knew better. He was coming to spy on us. He wanted to see the palace before he launched his attack on us. We all knew that this was a step towards war. 
But the King couldn’t refuse it. He swore that his intentions were peaceful, and to turn down his offer of peace talks, would be possibly be even more damaging then letting him come to the palace. No, we would welcome him to the palace and do everything that we could to delay war with him.
“Perhaps we could assassinate him,” Charles suggested. 
“No, that would be too suspicious,” the King responded. 
Charles threw his hands up in the air. “This is a nightmare,” he said. “ What should we do about the 
“Princess?”
“What do you mean?” The King asked.
“We can’t let him see her like that,” Charles said. “We can’t let him see how vulnerable the heir to the throne is.”
“Perhaps that’s why he’s coming,” the King replied. “Perhaps he knows about what happened. He does have spies all around.”
“Maybe we could move her,” I suggested. “There’s always the protection of the blue mountains. We could take her there.”
“No,” the King replied. “She’s not well enough to travel.”
“What about Catherine,” Mary suggested. 
“What about Catherine?” The King asked. 
“Well,” Mary began. “She’s the same age as Isabel, and they look enough alike. He would have no way of knowing if she posed as the Princess.”
“She’s right,” Charles said. “ And she could certainly pass as your daughter.”
“Are you sure that you would want to put her in that much danger?” I asked. 
“I don’t think that would be too much danger in it,” Charles replied. 
“No,” the King replied. “ It’s too much of a risk, and I won’t allow it.” I wasn’t surprised at his response. Lately he was unwilling to take any unnecessary risk with any of the children. 
“I know how you feel,” I said. “ I know that you’re afraid to put any of the children at risk after what happened. But if we don’t use Catherine, then we could be putting all the children at a much greater risk. And besides, we’ll arrange to have extra guards on her at all times. He’ll have no chance of harming her.”
“How do we know we can trust the guards?” The King asked. “What if they take her to him, instead of protecting her.”
“What if he sees Isabel and he knows how vulnerable the line of succession is?” I asked. 
“He’ll want to see her. It would be suspicious of us to hide her.”
He sighed. “You’re right. We have to go through with this. Call for Catherine. We must speak with her.”
 Mary bowed, and began to walk out of the room. “Mary, wait a moment. Make sure you tell no one of our plan. No one can ever know that we are using Catherine like this.”
Catherine was agreeable to our plan, but she was nervous. 
“What if he knows it am me?” She asked.
“Don’t worry, he won’t be able to tell.” I tried to reassure her. I hoped that I was right. I prayed that everything would go smoothly. I prayed for him not to find out how weak our daughter still was. My stomach turned in knots, as I thought about how much was at stake. 
What if this really was some kind of trap. I knew that he really didn’t want peace. I knew that this was some kind of ploy to see what was going on. He wanted to see our defenses, see our daughter. I knew this was had to be just him, seeing how difficult the invasion would be. But what if it was more than that? What if it was some kind of trap? All that was standing between him and the throne, was my husband, daughter, and Charles. I knew that he had loyal supporters, and I prayed for our servants to be faithful. 

Isabel

As the time approached for my other uncle to visit, everyone was tense. I didn’t like the idea of using Catherine at all. Not because I was worried for her safety, but because I was mad that I was missing out. I didn’t realize the danger that we were all in. Looking back, I think that my mother and father were trying to protect me from knowing. 
While everyone else was going crazy making preparations, I was going crazy with boredom. To keep people from finding out that Catherine was being used to trick my uncle, I had been confined to my room. Only a hand full of servants had seen me since I had been hurt, and to keep everyone from knowing how injured I was, I was told that they would be the only people allowed to see me. I was confined to my room, until after my uncle had left. In the meantime, they had already begun to use Catherine to pose as me. I was told that it worked. When people saw her, they marveled at how quickly I had recovered from my injuries. 
Father said it was a good thing. He was happy that people were spreading rumors, about how quickly I healed, and how resilient I must be. 
There was to be a ceremony for William that I wouldn’t be allowed to attend. I didn’t really want to attend anyway. We were back to hating each other, now that we were both feeling better. I was told that he was to be given an award for his bravery that day. 
However, he was still to be punished for disobeying my father’s orders. I wasn’t told what the punishment would be, I don’t think that my father had decided yet. Honestly, I don’t think Father ever really meant to punish him, I think he was just letting the threat of punishment hang in the air as the punishment itself. 
I sat on my bed with Catherine one day playing checkers. She filled me on all the rumors going around court. 
“They say that you must have magical powers to be such a good healer,” she mused. “They don’t think that I can hear their whispers, but I do.”
“What about you?” I asked. “Surely people are wondering where you’re supposed to be.”
“I’m bedridden with fever,” she explained “No one is allowed to see me because I’m highly contagious, and the doctors don’t expect me to live,” she giggled. 
“Well, I guess we’re going to both make miraculous recoveries then,” I said. “I wish that I could be part of it,” I sighed.
She thought for a second. “How well are you feeling?” She asked.
“I’m feeling much better,” I replied. 
“Well enough to walk through the secret passageways in the palace.”
I smiled at her because I knew exactly what she was thinking. She was clever.
“Just because you can’t be there, doesn’t mean that you still can’t see him,” she said.
I don’t know why I hadn’t thought of it before. Catherine and I had often used the secret passage ways to spy on people, mostly our parents. She looked at me with mischief all over her face. 
“We can’t go now,” I whined. “Mother has someone coming in every hour to put ointment on my face. If I’m caught out of bed, I’ll be in so much trouble.”
“Oh come on,” she nagged. “ The nurse was just in here ten minutes ago.” 
I caved. I wanted to go spy on my parents. “ All right, but if we get in trouble I’m blaming it on you.”
I climbed out of my bed. It was still painful, but I didn’t feel nearly as stiff as I had before. 
He leaned against the wall, and it spun around to the inside of the secret passages. I smiled. It had been such a long time since I had played inside them. As children our parents had encouraged us to explore them, in case we ever needed to use them. I’m not sure that they ever knew we were spying on them. 
If need be, we could even survive inside the walls of the palace for a few weeks without anyone ever knowing that we were there. According to father, the only people that even knew about them, were our immediate family, and only our most trusted servants. I knew that my other uncle couldn’t possibly know about them, because the palace had been built after the fall out.
We ran towards my parent’s chamber. They were with Catherin’s parents, and a few of my father’s most trusted knights. Catherine and I crammed together trying to see through the crack. I could smell my father’s pipe smoke through the wall, and struggled not to cough over it a little bit. 
“What do you have to report?” My father asked a man whom I didn’t recognize. “ Did he suspect you were a spy?”
“I don’t think that he suspected me Sir, but my sudden absence will cause him to be suspicious.”
My father nodded. “ So what did you find out?”
“He’s traveling with an army that he’s going to hide in the forest. If he’s able, he’ll try to assassinate you, and the Princess. If not, he does intent to launch all-out war.”
I heard my mother gasp. 
“So it begins,” my father said. “The time that I’ve waited for all these years.”
“I always knew that our brother would do this,” Catherine’s father said. He put his hand on my father’s shoulder. “ I will do everything that I can to protect my family.”
“What else were you able to find out?” My father asked the man. “What of his numbers? Does he have spies in my court?”
The man nodded. “Yes, Sir. He has followers that are servants of yours.”
“What about the princess? Do they know how weak she is?”
“No, Sir. They knew of the attack, but the ploy to use Catherine has worked.”
“What should we do with the girls?” My mother asked. 
“Yes,” Mary said. “What about the safety of the girls?” 
“We continue with the plan of using Catherine,” my father replied. “ We want to make him think we’re as strong as possible. Now that we know his intentions though, we need to take stronger precautions.” He put his pipe down, and ran his hands threw his hair.
“We need to hide Isabel and William inside the secret passageways until he is gone. Make sure that the entrances are being guarded at all times. I want that to start happening today. Also, I want to make sure that Catherine is heavily guarded. I wouldn’t be able to live with myself if anything happened to her. When she’s not with us, I expect her to be inside the passageways.” He picked his cigar back up. “Make sure that this information does not leave the room. Don’t even tell the guards for the passageways, what they’re guarding. Tell everyone that it’s just extra protection if you will,” he said. 
The knights nodded. 
“I expect that to start happening now,” he barked. I could tell his mood was tense, and it was my cue for us to get back to my room before we were found out. 
We hurried as fast as we could back to my room. I was slowed down however by the pain. The more time that I spent out of bed, the more my pain returned. It had been a month since the attack, and I could still feel the poison of the demon in my body. I hoped the demons ate my uncle and his army. 
Catherine held onto my hand as we ran through the passageways, and made it back to my room. She pulled me up into my bed, and helped me under me covers just in time for the door to opens. 
It was my mother with one of my father’s knights. I knew him as Sir Owen. I had known Sir Owen since I was a child. He was the son of a knight that had been killed by a demon. Like William, after his father had died, my parents had taken Owen in and raised him. He was a tall man with thick black long hair, with blue eyes and a strong jaw
Catherine jumped out of the bed, and curtsied. He gave me a funny looked and then averted his eyes. I wondered why. 
“Hello Sir Owen,” I greeted him. 
He bowed. 
My mother stood at the entrance of the door with her hands on her hips for a few minutes as if unsure of what to say. Then she walked over to my closet, and begins to pull clothes out and put them on the bed.
“What are you doing Mama?” I asked.
“You’re father received some news about your uncle today, and he thinks it will be best if you hide inside the passageways until he’s gone,” she said calmly.
I tried to act surprised. 
“What about me?” Catherine asked innocently. 
“You are to hide when you’re not with us,” My mother explained. “You all are.” She glanced at Owen. “Owen is going to be personally in charge of you,” she explained. “You are to listen to him, do you understand me?” She asked. 
I nodded as did Catherine. 
“Should I go pack my stuff?” Catherine asked. 
My mother shook her head. “ No, my dear. Your mother is seeing to it. She’s going to meet us there.”
“What about father?” I asked her. “ Will I get to say goodbye to him?”
“Don’t you worry,” she said. “ He’s going to come visit you when he can.”
When she was done packing my stuff, Sir Owen lifted me out of my bed, and Catherine and I headed back towards the passageways. This time, though, we would not be spying. Mother took us to one of the apartments deep inside the underground of the passageways. When we arrived in the apartment, William was already there, sitting up on a sofa with his broken leg extended out. 
He smiled at us. “Hello Mother,” he said. 

William

When I saw the way Isabel’s head spun around when I called the Queen, Mother, something told me that she wasn’t very happy about it. I didn’t care. I had saved the damn girls life, and she owed me. 
I felt hesitant to be stuck in the passageways with the girls. I hated the Princess, and I knew that Catherine had a huge crush on me. I tried to look on the bright side, at least I would have some company for a few days. 
I watched Isabel limp over to a couch on the opposite side of the room. I realized that she was still feeling the effects of the poison more then I was. It was ironic in a way. The poison had completely drained out of my body, I just couldn’t walk still because of my broken leg. Isabel on the other hand, didn’t have any broken bones, but I could see that she was still tormented, by the poison the demon had left in her. 
“William, this is Sir Owen.”
I glanced up. I had seen him around the palace on several occasions. I knew that he was another orphaned child of a knight. I wasn’t the first child that they had taken in. The King always saw to it that if a knight was killed in action, and his child had no mother, then queen and the king raised him. 
Suddenly I felt a lot more excited about being stashed away in the underground passageways. 
“I know who he is,” I responded. “ I’ve seen him around the palace a few times.” I didn’t want to mention to her that I often spied on the knights when they were training. Even though I had been told that I couldn’t become a knight, I couldn’t stop myself from watching them. Maybe one day the king would still change his mind. 
He smiled at me. “I heard you took on an oar demon, and survived. Good for you lad, you’ll have to show me some of your techniques.”
The queen gave him a sideways glare. 
“Or at least tell me all about it,” he said retreating. 
I didn’t care. He was a real knight, and his father had been a knight. I was more than happy to spend time with him 

Sir Owen

At first I was curious about the boy who had taken on the demon. I have to be honest, even though I was curious about him, part of me resented him.
Like William, my father had been killed in service to the King, and like William, the King had taken me in and raised me. I was only eight when it happened. There were other children as well in my situation. I was told that if the King took in their orphaned children, the men would fight harder for him, be more loyal. 
It hadn’t been a bad childhood by any means. The King had provided well for me, educated me, fed me, and clothed me. But I craved the love that all children crave of parents of their parents. I think the King and Queen loved me well enough, but not the way they had come to love this boy. I wondered what had made him so special. Before the attacks, I had hated him. I hated the boy the King loved in place of a son, instead of me. 
I would often lay awake at night for hours, wondering, why the king couldn’t love me as a son. Why, did he love this boy so much more than me? After the attack though, something changed. I wanted to meet him, I needed to meet him. I needed to understand why the King loved the boy so, and why he had survived the oar demon. 
The moment I set eyes on the boy that day, something instantly changed. I no longer hated the boy, I wanted to protect him. I couldn’t explain it, but I felt an instant kinship to the boy. The Queen excused herself, and Catherine asked me if I knew where any games were. 
I didn’t know, but I stumbled around the apartment for a minute until I found some children’s games that they could play while Isabel was still sitting on the bed.
I still couldn’t get over her appearance. The cuts on her face had closed up, but she still had huge scabs on her face. It wasn’t just that being mauled by the demon had taken something out of her. She looked frail, and underweight. 
I wondered if William looked frail in comparison to how he usually looked. He was lucky to have been spared not having his face mauled the way Isabel’s had been. He had been lucky to survive. How had he done it? I kept wondering over and over again. 
I tried to avoid making conversation with him that afternoon. I would wait until the girls wouldn’t hear. I knew there were strict orders that he couldn’t become a knight, and he had already disobeyed once by picking up the sword. I didn’t want to encourage him any further. I knew that King favored me, but that didn’t mean I was immune to his wrath. 
I knew I had to be especially careful, because I had already escaped his wrath once by concealing my child.
I tried to pretend like I was busy. The King had written up specific instructions for what to do in case of an attack. I was supposed to read them within the next two days, and then destroy them. 
When the girls asked me to play, I pretended I was too busy reading my orders. I didn’t wish to be a source of entertainment for them.
Finally the King came for Catherine. There was another knight with him. It was another one of the orphans. I was told that the King’s brother had arrived, and I was to guard Catherine at a dinner tonight, and then bring her back afterwards. He stayed to speak with me for a few minutes. I could tell that he was troubled. I had never seen him so preoccupied. 
“Have you read your orders?” He asked me.
“Not all of them yet,” I answered.
He asked if he could talk to me outside the apartment for a minute. I followed him out to the passageways. They weren’t well lit, and I could barely see him. 
“If anything happens, I need you to get them out,” he said. 
“Get them out?” I asked.
“Yes. If anything happens to me, I want you to hide in the passageways for a few days, then I want you to take the queen, and the children to safety.”
“Where will I take them?” I asked.
“The passageways lead to a way out of the palace into the forest,” he explained.
“The forest?” I asked stunned. “The forest isn’t safe, what about the demons?”
“There’s no other way. Make sure that you are well armed. There is a secret rock in the forest. The children know where it is. If anything happens, make sure they get to that rock. It opens up to underground tunnels. It will take you to the homes, of the guardians of the throne.” He paused. “I’ve sent word that I promoted you to the head of the guardians of the throne. If anything happens to me, you are to be the throne’s main protector.”
I felt shocked. It was the highest honor that could have been bestowed upon me. The last head of the guardians of the throne, had been William’s father. It meant that the King favored me about all others. It gave me almost as much power as being King. Except, no one outside the royal family knew we even existed.
“I’m sure nothing will happen to you,” I said. 
I felt troubled. I couldn’t help but wonder what news he had received that made him feel so afraid. Surely we could outmatch the strength of his brother in battle.
He patted my shoulder. “ Will you fetch Catherine while I say goodbye to Isabel?”
I went and got the girl. I wondered how much they knew about what was going on. As we walked through the secret passageways, the King carried Catherine, and played with her as if nothing was wrong. Once again, I saw the King lavish affection on a child, the way that I had craved it. 
I once again wondered why he had never loved me so. When we exited the passageways, we were greeted by a few of the other knights. The King and I chatted with them, while we waited for Catherine to be made ready for the banquet. The King had informed me that no one knew she wasn’t the real princess, and to keep it that way. 
I was once again stunned, and he didn’t offer me an explanation. I was burning with curiosity, but I knew better then to ask the King questions. When he wanted to tell me, and if he wanted to tell me, he would. The more secrets I found out about however, the more scared I was becoming. 
Fear wasn’t something that I was very accustomed to, not even when I was patrolling in the forest for demons. I found the thought of fighting one exciting, but not war. 

The Queen

I tried to calm my husband once again as we prepared for the banquet with Harold. We were told that he had arrived, and been shown to his quarters. The King was frantic talking to scouts that were looking for his troops. He was in the middle of quite a fit when word arrived that they had located his army not far from the palace, hiding in the forest. 
“Of course,” he explained. “ I hope they get eaten alive!”
I saw the frightened look on Catherine’s face. I suggested for Owen to take her into the other room. 
“No, I need him to know what’s going on,” the King said. 
“How many?” He asked the scout. 
“I can’t’ be sure,” he replied. “But it looks like thousands.” 
“Damn!” The King exclaimed. “Where in the forest are they?” 
“They’re by the lake,” the messenger said.
The King grunted. “Prepare the soldiers to move.” He pulled out a map. “Come here,” he directed Gabriel. He pointed to the map. “You see there?” I want you to tell General Wolsey to station 5,000 men around each side of Heralds men. But not until dark tonight. We’ll surround him while they’re sleeping.”
“Yes, your majesty.” He bowed and left the room.
“Well, it looks like tomorrow we’ll have a battle,” he said. “You remember the plan?” He asked looking at Owen. 
“Yes, your majesty,” he responded. “But sir, what about getting the children to the rock? It seems that Heralds army is in between us and the rock right now.”
His face looked grim. “You’ll have to try and find a way,” he replied, and turned his back on him.
“Is Catherine ready?” He asked.
“I’ll go check,” I said. 
When I came back with Catherine, the King called for the guards. We began the long walk to the banquet hall, and a thousand thoughts went flying through my mind. What if tonight didn’t go well? What if tonight was the night they would try to assassinate my family? Were our servants loyal? Would an attack come from within?
As we got closer to the banquet hall, my stomach turned in knots.
I tried to talk to Catherine, and my husband to calm their nerves. I made small talk about how nicely the gardens were coming along this year, and asked Catherine how her studies were going. Catherine’s parents joined us on the way to the banquet hall. As I embraced my sister in law, I gained some comfort in knowing that they would be with us. 
I reminded myself that if anything happened to the King and me, they would be able to take care of my daughter and make sure that she got a proper upbringing. 
Finally we reached the banquet hall. I could see my husband once again tense up. I grabbed a hold of his hand and kissed it trying to calm him down. He smiled at me, and kissed my hand in return. He pulled me closer to him, and whispered, “If anything goes wrong, get Catherine out of here.”
We entered the hall. The music that was playing stopped, and all heads turned towards us as we entered. Harold came forward. 
I hardly recognized him. Last I had seen him was twenty years ago, when he was still a strong young man who resembled his brothers. Gone was the youthful face and muscular body. He was replaced by an older man with thinning gray hair, and a worn face. I could see the years of banishment from the kingdom had been hard on him. 
He stepped forward and bowed to the King. “Rise, brother,” the King instructed him.
Harold rose to his feet, and met the gaze of my husband. For a few long moments their eyes locked. Then finally the king embraced him. “Brother, it has been to long!” The King suddenly seemed overcome with emotion. I prayed for him to compose himself. 
Then I noticed the same thing in Harold’s eyes. For a moment, it looked like he had tears in his eyes. After all these years, could the two brothers still have love for each other? My heart glistened with hope. Maybe the King could find a way to stop the war. 
Charles stepped forward and embraced Harold. For a few moments, the three men embraced each other, with their hearts full of love. I looked over at Mary who seemed hopeful as well. 
“Let me introduce my daughter,” the King said with pride in his voice. He held out his hand, “this is the Princess Isabel.”
Isabel stepped forward and curtsied. “I’m happy to finally meet you Uncle,” she replied. “May I give you a hug?” 
He laughed. “Of course you may.”
I wondered if he was having a change or heart, if not, he certainly was a good actor. 
“Can I show you to your seat?” Catherine asked him. 
He nodded at her and smiled. “ She’s a charming girl,” he complimented me. “ You have raised her well.”
“Thank you,” I returned.
Catherine grabbed a hold of his hand, and guided him to the table. I was proud of her for doing such a good job. I knew how afraid she was deep down, and it was a lot to ask of a seven year old.
Isabel

It had taken a lot of effort to sneak away from our guard, and I was surprised that I had even managed to convince William to keep my secret. 
I pushed him painfully in his chair. I was still getting better day by day, but walking for extended periods of times still took some effort. 
“Are we almost there?” He asked.
“Almost,” I replied. The truth was, the passageways were dark, and I wasn’t 100 percent sure I knew where we were. “I’ll be right back,” I said letting go of his chair. “I want to check and see if this is it.” I walked up to the wall, and peaked through the crack. 
We were at the banquet hall, and they were already having dinner. I pressed my ear up to the wall, and I could hear what they were saying. 
I walked back over the William. “Ok, this is it,” I said spinning his chair around. 
“You know that if we get caught, we’re both dead?” He asked.
I nodded. “Don’t worry, we won’t stay a long time,” I replied. 
He nodded, and I put his chair up against the wall on the side so he could look. “So that’s him?” He asked.
I nodded. “I think that it’s him, I mean I’ve never actually met him before. Now be quiet so I can hear what’s going on.”
“I’m glad that you’ve come,” I heard my father say. “I have long dreamt about the day, when I could welcome my brother back and reunite our family.”
“I have thought about this day often as well,” Harold replied. “I am especially joyful to finally meet my beautiful niece.”
He looked to Uncle Charles. “Don’t I have another niece?” He asked.
Charles nodded, and looked solemn. “Yes, but I’m afraid that she is gravely ill.”
“Oh no” Harold said. “I hope that she will make a recovery.”
“The doctors don’t think that it’s likely,” he said.
Harold shook his head. “I would like to meet her before her time has come then.”
Charles hesitated. “I’m afraid that won’t be possible. The doctors think that it’s a case of the plague. Not even we’re allowed to see her.” He grabbed onto Aunt Mary’s hand. I wondered if the lie would work.
“The plague?” Harold asked. “Why didn’t you tell me you had a case of the plague?” He suddenly sounded mad. 
“We just found out about it last night,” my father stepped in. “Catherine had just returned from a trip to see her mother’s family. She was isolated immediately.”
Harold shook his head. “Well, I hope that there aren’t any more cases. I am sorry to hear about what has happened to your daughter. I will pray that she still makes a recovery.”

William

I was sure that he hadn’t bought the bait. I was sure that he had to know something was going on. 
I leaned closer to the wall to try and hear more of what was going on. 
“I think we should discuss peace terms,” Harold said abruptly. 
The King took a sip of wine. “Don’t you think we should do that in private brother?” He asked.
“No, let’s do it here, and out in the open,” he said. “ I want what’s mine.”
“I have ruled this kingdom for twenty years,” the King said tartly. “It’s stable, and I won’t release any of my lands.” 
Harold stood up as if to leave, then turned around drawing his sword on the King. 
Immediately someone grabbed Catherine, and there were a dozen swords pointed at Harold. 
He held his sword at the King’s throat for a few minutes, and then finally put it down. 
“Throw him in the dungeon,” the King ordered. “Make sure he’s well-guarded.”
“By morning, there will be war on your doorstep,” Harold warned. He eyed Catherine and the Queen. “All that you hold precious is now in danger.”
Catherine hid behind Mary as Harold was led out of the room. I nudged Isabel. “Now would be the time to go,” I said. 
She grabbed onto my wheelchair and began pushing me as fast as we could. We knew that we didn’t have a lot of time to get back to the passageways. 

Sir Owen
I grabbed a hold of Catherine as soon as Harold had drawn his sword on the King. I had been waiting for it. His demeanor had been to calm, to joyful. It didn’t make sense to me that after so many years of conflict, that he would be so happy to see his family. I knew that he was up to something. 
On the King’s orders, I escorted Catherine, the Queen, and Lady Mary back to the passageways. I was careful not to speak to anyone. I had the eerie feeling we were being watched. I knew for certain Harold had spies in the palace, maybe even some of the kings own knights were traitors. It suddenly made more sense to me why we had been taking in the orphans. They made for loyal servants.
All of a sudden, all of the non-orphans, became would be assassins. Every time I passed one of them, I began to wonder if one of them was a traitor. I made a mental note to change the guards of the passageways. After tonight, only the orphans would guard them. I knew the rest of the orphans felt like I did, and would never betray the King. 
Luckily, I had left the most secret of the passageways unguarded. I waited until we reached one out of eyesight, and entered that way. 
When we were inside the Queen commented, “I didn’t even know this entrance existed.”
I smiled. “I don’t think that the King even knows this entrance way exists.”
She put her hand on my shoulder, with her eyes beaming. “I’m proud of you,” she said. 
I stopped for a second. It was the first time that she had ever whispered such praise to me. 
You don’t know how much that means to me,” I replied. I hesitated not sure if it was appropriate, but I couldn’t help it. “Your majesty, I love the king and you as parents. Especially you, you’re the only mother that I’ve ever known.”
She smiled. “I’m proud to call you my son then,” she said. “Come on, we should hurry. Although I’m sure Isabel and William will appreciate the extra time to get back into their beds.”
I looked at her curiously. “You mean they weren’t in their apartment tonight?”
“I know my daughter, and William well,” she said. “Trust me, they wouldn’t miss what happened tonight.”
“What about their guard?”
“I’m sure they waited until he was asleep or managed to pass by him somehow.”
“No,” I said. “None of the guards under me would ever let that happen.”
“You have much to learn about our children,” Mary interrupted. She looked down at Catherine. “Doesn’t he?”
Catherine’s face flushed. “ I don’t what you’re talking about,” she said innocently. “I’m sure the Princess and William wouldn’t do anything wrong.”
“It’s ok Cat,” Mary said. “What’s important is that right now you’re all safe, and you did an excellent job tonight.”
The Queen began to walk back towards the apartments. 
“Mother, I don’t understand what happened tonight,” she said to Mary. “Uncle Harold seemed so nice, and then he tried to kill the King.”
“None of us really understand the man,” The Queen said. “ He had even me fooled. For a moment I really thought that he did want peace.”
“Why doesn’t he want peace?” She asked.
“Because he wants power,” Lady Mary told her. 
“But doesn’t he love us? Doesn’t he want to be good Uncle to me?” She asked. 
“I think that he does love his family,” the Queen said kneeling down. “I just think that he loves power more.” 
I felt bad for Catherine. It was too much for a young child to understand. 
“Why does he want to hurt us?” She asked. 
The Queen shook her head. “Try not to think about it anymore,” she said. “Come now, we must hurry.”
We continued through the rest of the passageways until we reached the secret royal apartments. As we opened the door we could hear scurrying coming from the bedrooms, and we saw a light go out. 
“It looks like we got here just a second too late to catch them,” the Queen commented. She glanced over in the corner, and my eyes followed her gaze. 
My guard was sleeping. I felt furious. I would have his head later. 
“Not now,” the Queen said putting her hand on my shoulder. “You can relieve him, but I don’t want my children to witness anything more than they already have tonight.”
She looked drained all of a sudden. 
“Can I get you some tea,” I asked her. 
She smiled. “That’s not part of your duty, but yes I would like some tea,” she said. 

The Queen

I looked at Owen curiously. I had realized that night that I had felt the same way for him that I had for William. It’s strange how you can go such a long time without realizing how much someone means to you. It was natural of course. I had raised Owen from the time that he was a small boy. Of course he would see me like a mother, and I would see him like a son.
Suddenly I felt overcome with guilt. How it must have hurt him all this time for me not to lavish the same love on him that I had on William. I would see to it that the King and I made it up to him somehow. 
I thought back to the night that Owen had come to us. It was much like the night that William had come to us. He had been brought into our private chambers late at night. He was a small boy, but a handsome little boy with dark hair and bright blue eyes. We had been the ones to tell him about his father. I held him and tried to comfort him while he cried himself to sleep. Like William, the King had insisted that we take care of him, to make sure that he had a proper upbringing. I had been hesitant, but I had reluctantly agreed. I realized that it had been one of the best decisions we had ever made. Over time, we adopted more and more orphans like William and Owen. But Owen had been the first. 
I thought back to all the warm memories I had of Owen as a child. He had always been a sweet child, always eager to obey and please. I felt a slight twinge of regret that I hadn’t spent more time with him. It wasn’t that we had treated him poorly, or even neglected him. We hadn’t neglected him in the least. We had lavished him with toys, and when he was older we lavished him with horses, and the best that an education could afford. He had the finest of upbringings. We just didn’t spend nearly enough time with him. 
Once again I thought back to the night that my own daughter had been attacked, and felt guilty. I hadn’t spent enough time with any of my children. Not my own natural daughter, and not enough time with the orphans that we had taken in; except for William. William, we had treated more like our biological son. I knew that it was because of the King’s connection to his father. 
William had been different, because he had been like a member of our family even before he had come to live with us. 
I hoped that William would turn out to be like Owen. Owen was everything that a son should be. He was loyal, obedient, and I knew that without a doubt he would do anything for the King and me. 
“What’s on your mind,” Mary asked me, after she put Catherine to bed.
“Have I been a good mother?” I asked her.
She raised her eyebrows at me. “Of course you’ve been a good mother. Why would you ask such a thing.”
“Sometimes I just wonder,” I said. “Sometimes I think that maybe I’m to occupied.”
“You’ve been a wonderful mother to Isabel. Isabel adores you, and the King.”
“I don’t just mean Isabel,” I said. “ I mean all of the orphans we’ve taken in. I know that we’ve been good to William, but I don’t know that we’ve been good to our own daughter, and the other orphans.” 
“Of course you have,” she said. “You’ve given them all anything that they could ever want.”
“ Except for love,” I said bitterly. “I haven’t shown them the love that a child needs from a parent.”
“Of course you have,” she said. 
Tears rolled down my cheek. “Thank you for your kind words, but I don’t feel like I have.”
She sighed. “You are the most motherly person that I have ever known. Who else would take in dozens of children, and give them the best that life has to offer. There are over 30 of these orphans. You can’t expect to give them as much attention as you would give them if there were less.”
I shook my head. “They have no idea how much I love them, all of them.” Even the ones I didn’t know as well, didn’t they still deserve to feel loved? I asked myself. I couldn’t do that for over 30 kids. We needed a new system I thought to myself.
I grabbed her hand. “ I need you to help me. I want these children to know that they are loved, and I can’t do it alone. I want you and Charles to take some of them in. And we need to find others. Other members of the government who will take in the children. It’s the least we can do for their parents who give up their lives fighting for us.”
She looked taken aback. “ Of course,” she finally said. “ I will have to talk to Charles.”
“Don’t worry yourself with that. I will talk to him for you, after I’ve spoken with the King.”
“What do you need to speak with me about,” I heard my husband say as he staggered in with Charles. 
“You’re drunk,” I said. I had seen the king drunk on many occasions, but not like this. He staggered into the room barely able to hold himself up. 
“The bastard had me half fooled,” he slurred. “I really thought he meant all that stuff about peace. And what was that with Catherine?” he screamed slamming his fist on the table causing a couple of glasses to fall off.  
He stumbled over to the wine rack and poured himself a glass of wine. 
“Dear, I’m not really sure that’s a good idea,” I said. I looked at Charles. “How much as he already had?” 
“I can’t remember,” he said swaying.
“Oh great, not you too,” I said annoyed. 
“Mary gets him out of here, and I will deal with the king,” I ordered. “Dear, give me the glass,” I said reaching for you it.
“NO!” He screamed. “I need this right now.”
“You’ve already had quite enough,” I said. “Dear, think about your soldiers. They need you to lead them tomorrow. You can’t still do that if you’re drunk.”
“I’m fine,” he snarled. “I’ll be fine to fight that damn bastard’s halfwit warriors.”
“What about your daughter?” I asked in a desperate attempt. “She was asking for you tonight. I told her I send you into see her,” I lied. 
“She’s fine too,” he grunted. “She should understand by now that sometimes a King has more important duties to deal with.” He took another sip of wine, and began pacing around the room.“ I’ll tell you what’s not fine. What’s not fine is that bastard coming in here claiming peace. He got my hopes up. I thought after all these years, that maybe there was still a chance. Especially after the way he was with the child. Especially after that way he was with me. I thought that maybe he still cared for us after all. But no! His damn army is camped in my backyard, and they are going to threaten my family in the morning. That’s what’s not fine!” He yelled throwing his glass against the wall. 
I grabbed onto his arm. “Please calm down,” I said. “The children will hear you.”
“So let them hear me. They should know how evil that man really is. He’s not fit to be my brother.”
I racked my brain for how to calm him down. No one needed to see the King like this. I had never seen him like this. 
I could see the wine starting to take its effect more as he stumbled more, until finally he crashed into a couch and fell over. I tried to help him up but was unable to. 
I called for Owen. 
Owen ran into the room with his sword out and quickly put it away when he saw the King. He stood there awkwardly for a moment, unsure of what to do or say. Suddenly I felt extremely awkward myself. I wasn’t sure if it was even appropriate for Owen to see the King in such a state. 
“Come now,” I finally said. “Help me get the King to the couch.”
“Yes, my lady,” he said.
My eyes met his as we bent over to lift the King up. “It’s perfectly fine to call me, Mother,” I said. 
I saw a light in his eyes that I had never seen before as I said it, and I almost became overwhelmed with emotion. Yes, I loved him like my own son, and it had taken me too long to even realize it. 
When we finally got the King to the couch, I thanked him and told him that he could go back to bed. 
“No, let me stay,” he said. “I can help take care of the King.”
I looked over at my husband. “It’s fine,” I said. “The king will be asleep within a matter of minutes. Why don’t you go get some rest?”
“Because, it’s not just the king who needs taking care of Mother,” he said.

Isabel

When I woke up in the morning, I was surprised that my mother or father had never come into see me the night before. I slipped my slippers on, and ran out into the common room. My father was asleep on the couch. I thought it was strange for him to be sleep there and still be in his clothes from the night before. 
Owen was sleeping in a chair adjacent to him. There was another guard, sitting in the chair by the door. I didn’t recognize him.
“Who are you?” I asked. 
“I’m Sir Thomas,” he said kneeling. “I’m Sir Owen’s relief. It’s a pleasure to meet you, your highness.”
“Where is my mother?” I asked.
“She went to bed a few hours ago.”
“Which apartment is she sleeping in?” I asked. 
“This one,” he said. “She’s in the room next to yours.
I went into the room my mother was in and climbed up onto her bed.
She rolled over. “Isabel,” she said surprised. “Did you get onto the bed all by yourself?”
I nodded. “Yes, I’m feeling much better.”
“Thanks are to God,” she said. She sat up, and grabbed me. “Do you have any idea how much I love you?” She asked.
“Of course I do Mama,” I said surprised. It was unusual for her to be so open with me. 
“Listen, I need to talk to you about something’s. Will you go get William?” She asked. 
I nodded.
“Are you sure you feel well enough? I need to dress, and I need to speak to both of you as quickly as possible.”
“I feel fine Mama,” I replied. “I’ll go get William.” I climbed out of the bed it was still a little painful, but the last few days it seemed as if I was getting better by leaps and bounds. 
I ran into the next room to find my father up, looking stressed. “What is it Father?” I asked. 
He looked at me gravely. “We’re under attack. I must ride out of the palace immediately.”
I ran to him. “I don’t want you to go,” I begged. “Please stay here with us,” I sobbed, the tears flowing down my face in a steady stream.
There was a knock on the door. 
“Come in,” my father called.
One of his knights entered. “Sir, we need you right away,” the man said.
“What’s going on out there?” He asked.
“We’re taking heavy causalities,” he said. “We’ve ushered in as many of the villagers as we could, but I’m afraid that they’re advancing on our walls to fast. We had to shut the remaining villagers out. I’m afraid that they’re slaughtering them.”
“What?” I heard my father asked astonished. “Isabel, go in the other room,” he commanded me. 
“But Father,” I said. 
“Go now Isabel.”
I went into Williams’s room. “Wake up,” I said. “Something is going on.”
I helped him out of his bed and into his wheelchair. We crept up to the wall and tried to listen to what was going on. 

William
I was startled when she had come into my room. As we leaned against the wall, I couldn’t believe what I was hearing, and I couldn’t help but to be overcome with fear. 
The King’s voice was loud, and we hardly even had to eavesdrop. 
“What do you mean they’re slaughtering the villagers?” He asked. “Are they are even armed?”
“No your majesty,” he said. 
“So it’s began,” I heard the Queen say. “So this is the last time that I might ever see you.”
“No my love,” he replied. “I will protect you and I will make sure that I come home to you.”
“I don’t want you to go,” she said. It sounded like she was crying.
“I know,” he said. “I don’t want to go either. I just want to be here with my family. But I have a duty to my people to defend them.” There was silence for a few moments. “If anything happens to me, make sure the children are safe,” I finally heard the King say. 
I couldn’t hear her response if there was one. I heard footsteps in the room, and then I heard the heavy door close. Moments later, I heard the Queen crying. 
“Should we go out there?” I asked Isabel. 
She shook her head. “No trust me, we should just stay in here.”
She walked over to the chair in my room and slouched over. “I wish I could see what’s going on,” she said. “I hate being locked up in here not knowing anything.”
“It’s for our own safety,” I told her. 
“Yeah I know. I just want to see.”
“I don’t think that you’d really want to see,” I told her. “I don’t think any of us want to see it.”
“The knight that came in early this morning, told my father that we were taking heavy losses,” she said. “I hope that he’s going to be ok.”
“I’m sure he will be,” I said half trying to reassure myself. “He’s well trained, and he’ll have a lot of his best knights surrounding him. I’m sure they’ll make sure he’s not hurt. I’m sure he’s not even fighting. He’s probably just directing them in what to do.”
She shook her head. “No, I know my father. Trust me, he wouldn’t sit there and not fight. I just hate being locked up in here. I didn’t even get to say goodbye.”
We heard the heavy doors open again and both of our heads jerked up. 
“Mary,” we heard the Queen say. 
A moment later Catherine came into the room. “I was told that we are to stay in here until we are called for later,” Catherine told us. “Isabel, I’m scared and my mother is crying.” 

Sir Owen

When I came back into the apartments both the Queen and her sister in law were distraught and half out of their minds. I tried to calm them both, but neither would have any of it. 
I felt pity for them. I couldn’t imagine what either one of them was going through. Both the King and his brother had ridden out to battle together. Both would be targets. I thought it was stupid for either of them to go, and I had tried to talk the king out of it. I had tried to tell him how dangerous it would be, but he was honor bound to defend his country, as well as Charles.
If they both died, the responsibilities of the kingdom would fall on their shoulders. I knew that Queen had no real desire to rule. She loved the King not because he was the king, but because he was him, and she was happy just to be by his side, and raise his child. She knew nothing, nor cared nothing for politics. I didn’t imagine Lady Mary did either. 
I realized that the children must be able to hear them. When I couldn’t calm the ladies, I decided to make them my excuse, to excuse myself from the room. 
“I think that I will go check on the children,” I said. 
“Of course,” the Queen said. “Thank you for your thoughtfulness.” 
I opened the door to Williams’s room. They were all sitting by the wall. 
“Listening in on what’s going on out there?” I asked.
“No,” Catherine replied quickly. 
“Catherine there’s no point in trying to hide it,” Isabel said. 
William tugged on my arm. “We’re scared,” he said. 
“Everything will be alright,” I told him. “The King knows what he’s doing, and he would never let anything bad happen to you.”
“I’ve already lost one father,” William said. “And I never knew my mother. If the King dies, what will happen to me?” 
I looked down at his sad, scared eyes. “The Queen will take care of you,” I told him. “She’s your mother now.”
“But who will be my father?” he asked me.
“I will,” the words slipped out before I could stop them. I couldn’t believe what I had just said. I couldn’t be the boy’s father. 
“Really?” He said. “You would be my father for me?” His eyes were bright. I didn’t have the heart to take back what I had just told him.
“Yes,” I said. “I will make sure that you are taken care of. Just like the King made sure that I was taken care of.” I sat down. “You know William, I was a young boy just like you when my father died and the king took me in.”
“Really?” He said.
I nodded. “How about if we play a game?” I asked them. “Something to take our minds off of what’s going on?”They all nodded. I reached into my bag and pulled out a deck of cards. I spent the rest of the afternoon playing card games with them.
It felt strange. I had been trained to fight, it had been my life’s work; learning how to defend my country. I didn’t want war, but if war came I prided myself on the fact that I could defend those I love. I want to defend my kingdom. Apparently I had been so good at my job, I was now a babysitter. 
It felt wrong, to be held up in that room with children, while my friends, while my king, fought for our freedom. I should be out there, and instead I was playing some insipid card game with a bunch of a little kid. 
I thought of my own child, and sister. I wondered where they were. I had heard Harold’s army was slaughtering villagers. Had my sister made it inside the palace walls with Matilda? Were they safe? I felt myself growing upset with worry. If anything happened to Matilda and my sister, I didn’t know what I would do. Surely they had to be safe, Arthur was a knight. Surely he had gotten them inside the palace walls before the battle started. I should have been there. I should have made sure they got to safety. I was a knight and I couldn’t even be there to protect my own child. 
I tried to calm myself. Someone had to do this job. Someone had to make sure the kids were safe in case anything happened. My stomach dropped. What if something did happen? I wondered. Was I ready? Would I be able to defend them? The enormous responsibility of what lay on my shoulders suddenly hit my like a brick wall. I hadn’t realized how much weight was on my shoulders. If I died in battle, that would be honorable. But what if I died to trying to defend the king’s family; my family; I would be a failure. 
I realized it was no longer an insult for the King to have asked me to be the one to defend them. I now knew what he had meant when he told me I was too important to risk in battle. But was I really worthy of it? I thought about my own men, who I had appointed to help me. Had I chosen correctly? I had sent some of my best into battle because they were too skilled to be spared. Should I have saved them for the protection of the family? Were the men I chose to stay behind capable enough? 
Later that night, I thought that children had gone to bed. I sat in the common room, waiting for my relief, and waiting to hear word of the battle.
 William tip toed out of his room. 
“You’re supposed to be asleep,” I said. 
He shrugged. “I couldn’t sleep,” he replied. “There’s too much on my mind.”
I didn’t really want to spend any more time with the kids that day. Hours of entertaining them, while the Queen tried to get herself together was enough. But I couldn’t help myself from wanting to help the boy whom I felt some strange connection to.
“What’s on your mind?” I asked.
He came over and sat down in the chair next to me. “I’m just worried about the king,” he said. “To everyone else he’s the king, but to me, he’s like my uncle. He was my father’s best friend you know.”
I nodded. “I remember your father very well.”
“Well,” he went on. “Before I was old enough to understand he was the King, and understand what that even meant, I had been raised to call him uncle. For the longest time I really thought he was my uncle. It wasn’t until I was older until I figured out that my father really wasn’t the brother of the king. But you see, I still loved him all the same. I love him for more than a king, I love him as if he were my own blood.”
I nodded. “ I know what you mean William,” I said. “ I love the king as if he were my own blood as well. Sometimes I can barely remember what my own father looked like.” I caught myself surprised at what I had just shared with him. 
“I understand,” William said. “Sometimes I can’t remember my real father anymore either. I don’t want to forget him.”
“You won’t forget him William. One never forgets a father’s love.”
“Not even if you forget what he looks like?” William asked.
I shook my head. “I can’t remember that much about my own father anymore, but I can still feel his love,” I said. “I know that he’s watching down on me, proud.”
“I know what bothers you,” William said.
My head shot up. “What do you mean?” I asked.
“You were distant all day. I know why.”
“You do?”
“Well yeah. You’re upset not to be out in the battle. So am I,” he said.
“You know nothing about what you’re talking about,” I said suddenly feeling agitated.
“Well, yeah I do,” he replied. “My father was a knight, and his father before him. I can’t be a knight though, the King has forbid it. I know how it feels to want to be part of that, and not be allowed to.”
I was floored at his observations. How had he known how upset I’d be about it? His voice echoed in my head. Could it be I wondered? Perhaps the King had wanted me out of the battle for the same reason that he had forbid William to pick up the sword. Perhaps he had come to love me just like a son. 
“It bothers me all the time,” William said. “The King told me just before my father died that I was going to start training to be a knight. I was so excited. You know how it is, if you’re not nobility that’s what you dream of. Then my father died, and he said it wasn’t ok. It’s almost been as hard on me as losing my father. Is that wrong?” He asked.
I shook my head. “No, it’s not wrong William. This is a way of life for us. You lost your way of life, and your father all in the same day. That would be a lot for anyone.”
“I still think about it all the time,” he said. “Maybe one day the king will change his mind.
“A king never changes his mind,” I told him. “At least not a good one doesn’t. A good leader, must make hard decisions, and then stick to them. Otherwise, no one will respect him.” We sat in silence for a minute. Neither one of us seemed sure of what to say next. 
“So William, how do you cope with not being able to pick up the sword?” I finally asked. “I don’t think that I’d be able to take it.”
“Well,” he began. “I used to have a really hard time with it. But my teacher has made me feel a lot better. He told me that the Queen and King need me and that’s why I’m not allowed to. He told me that it’s because the King felt such a strong bond to my father, and I’m the only little bit of my father that the King has left.”
“Your teacher is a wise person,” I said in response. I thought about it for a second. His teacher was right. The King and Queen kept us like they did, because they needed us. I wondered though. Was their need for me, the same as this boy?
William’s father had been raised a long side the king, as if they were brothers. The Queen and king had known William since he was a baby and helped raise him from birth. I hadn’t come into their lives until I was much older. Could they love me the same? I wondered. 
William was different than me. I had been raised by the Queen and King from a certain age, but William had practically been raised as a royal since birth. He was princely without even knowing it. I knew that I was not. I wondered if that’s why they loved him so much better than all the others. He was princely, a princely adopted son, in the place of a son they didn’t have, and probably would never have. 
Rumor had it the Queen was barren. She had been married to the king for years before ever giving birth. Isabel had been her only pregnancy. I felt sorry for her. I knew the pressure the kingdom had put on her to have a son. And I knew that the king must be disappointed. I knew him well enough to know that he would never express that to her, but deep down he desired a son, and it broke his heart that didn’t have one. Perhaps that was why he kept taking all the orphans in. It gave him a way to have as many sons as he pleased, even if he couldn’t have a male heir. 
It didn’t matter though. I figured they would raise Isabel to be a good ruler. I never would have imagined that I would be the one to raise her. 

Isabel

It was the middle of the night, and I was sound asleep when my father rushed into the room. 
“Father?” I asked still sleepy. 
“Isabel,” he whispered.
“What’s wrong?” I asked.
“Nothing is wrong,” he said hugging me. “How about a late night snack? I could have someone bring us some food. I’m afraid I didn’t have a chance to eat all day, and I’d like to spend some time with you and your mother.”
“Ok,” I agreed. I thought it was strange of him, but I didn’t care. Like all little girls, I just wanted to spend time with my father, and it was rare for him to want to spend time with me like that. I followed him out into the common room. 
Once we were in the light, I hardly recognized him. His clothes were covered in dirt and blood, and his face and hair were still dirty. 
“Don’t be alarmed,” he said to me. “It was a long day but I’m ok.” 
My mother and William came out of Williams’s room. My father walked over to William and hugged him. A moment later, Catherine and my aunt and uncle came into the room. Uncle Charles’s appearance wasn’t that much different than my fathers.
It was alarming to see them that way. The more I looked at them, the more blood I saw. I also started to notice cuts on both of them.
“At least change your clothes, the both of you,” my mother said eyeing them. “You’re scaring the children.”
“I don’t want to waste any time,” my father responded. My mother walked up to him and whispered something in his ear. 
“Of course,” he said. He nodded to Uncle Charles and they both left the room, and came back in a few minutes. 
When they returned they were both wearing simple night gowns. It was strange not to see my father in his kingly attire. It was the only time that I had ever seen him in anything else in kingly attire. 
“What happened at the battle?” William asked.
My father’s faced grimaced. “Let’s us not speak of that now,” he said.
We walked to the table and started to light candles. “Tell me children, what did you do today?”
I thought that was strange as well. Most of my time with my father was spent with him lecturing me. Of course he played with me from time to time, and gave me lessons in things like riding horses, but never did he ask what I did during the day. 
“We played games with Sir Owen,” Catherine said. 
“You did? How do you like Sir Owen. He’s a fine knight isn’t he?” 
“Yes father,” I said. 
“I like him very much,” William said. “We played card games all day, and he told us stories.”
There was a knock on the door. My father called for them to come in. Several servants entered with trays of food. My eyes lit up when I saw all the sweets. 
“Are we celebrating?” I asked. 
My father shook his head. “No, I just wanted to have a special meal with my family,” he said. He sat down at the table. “Isabel, come sit on my lap while we eat.”
 “Really?” I exclaimed.
“Yes,” he said. “I don’t get to spend enough time with my daughter.”
I was too young and naive to know the cause of his mood. If I had known then the cause, then I might not have been as eager for his affection. 
“Just so you know Isabel, I am very proud of you. I couldn’t have asked for a better daughter, and I love you with my whole heart.”
”Thank you father,” I said. “I love you too.”
“And you William, you have been nothing but a joy since you came to live with us. We have come to love you like our own son, and I know that your father would have been proud of the young man that you’re growing into.”
“Thank you Uncle,” he replied. “I am grateful for everything that you’ve done for me.”
Father smiled at William, and then turned to Catherine who was sitting on her father’s lap as well. Again, I thought it was unusual. Neither my father nor my uncle was known for being very affectionate men, yet there they were. 
I clung close to my father as he told us stories from his childhood, and stories about his parents. I remember him and Uncle Charles telling lots of jokes that night, and smoking their cigars. My mother sat across the table from us with her eyes beaming lovingly at my father and myself.
It was such a rare moment for us. It wasn’t often that all of us sat together like that as a family. I hardly remember any family time like that when I was a child. There was always some pressing matter that took my father away, or urgent duty that needed my mother’s attention.
At some point during the night I fell asleep on my father’s lap. When I woke up, I was in my bed with Catherine sleeping next to me. I ran out to find my father, but my mother told me that he had already left. I suppose any other child would have been upset, but I was used to it. My father often was gone in the morning when I woke up.

The Queen

When my husband returned from battle that day he was frantic and upset. 
I had stayed up late to await his return. I remember that I was alarmed when he didn’t return early in the evening. I began to knit to keep my mind occupied. As time passed I became more and more nervous. Finally, he burst into the room.
“I have to see her, I have to see all of them,” he said.
I looked at him aghast. His clothes were soiled, and he had visible wounds that were still bleeding. I ripped up some spare cloth, and pressed it to his head.
“You can’t see them like this,” I said. “You’ll scare them half to death.”
“No, there’s no time to change. I’ve wasted too much time already. I wasted too much time before today even happened. I want every last second I can with them tonight.”
“My love, what has gotten in to you?” I asked afraid.
“I saw things today that no man should ever have to see,” he explained. He looked me straight in the eyes, and began to shake. “ When I leave tomorrow, I don’t think I’m going to be coming back.”
“Don’t you dare talk like that,” I snapped. 
“I can’t help it. I can’t lie to you. To the children I will lie. But not to you, my love. After all this time, I could never tell you anything but the truth. We lost a lot of men today. The kingdom will fall.”
“No,” I said. “It can’t.”
“It can, and it will,” he said. “Now go get William, I’m going to get Isabel.”
I sat through the dinner trying to act as if nothing was wrong, but inside I was trembling, and inside I was already grieving for what I knew would be lost. I silently hoped that he was wrong. When there was nothing else, there was always hope, wasn’t there? 
He would come home, he had to. I watched Isabel as she sat innocently on his lap. I wondered if she knew something was wrong, if she could sense her father’s fear. She must be able to. She had seen him half bloodied before I was finally able to make him change. I didn’t want them to be afraid. If it was going to be their last night with their father, I wanted them to enjoy it. 
As Isabel sat on her father’s lap, she looked at him the way all little girls look at their fathers. He was her hero. My heart filled with joy when I realized it. I had often worried that his duties took him away from her too much, but I could see now, that she hadn’t been affected by it. She loved both of us all the same despite our absences. She understood that we didn’t want to be away from her so much, but that our duties required it. Maybe she would be a good queen after all. 
I tuned back into the conversation as I listened to Williams laugh. As I studied him I realized that over time he had become less like his father, and more like the King. Everything from the way he carried himself to the way he laughed had begun to become like the King. 
I loved the King’s laugh more then I loved anything else about the King. He had one of those laughs the rumbled from deep down within his belly. It had been the first thing that attracted me to him, because you couldn’t hear him laugh, and not laugh as well.
I had been a commoner when I first met the king. My father was a cobbler, and I was working in his shop when the King came riding into our village. I remember hearing the hooves, and thinking that we were being attacked. My father rushed to the window and turned white.
“What is it Father?” I asked.
He grabbed my hand. “Come quick,” he instructed me pulling me out of the shop.
I practically fell into the street as I followed my father. When I saw the King for the first time I could hardly believe it. That was when I heard him laugh for the first time, and that was it for me. I was in love.
I tried repositioning myself as he talked to people. I wanted him to notice me, but he seemed to be noticing everyone else but me. Frustrated, I had given up and returned to my father’s shop to continue my work. I thought it was hopeless anyways. What would a King see in a commoner like me?
That was when it happened. First his guards entered, and then the King. At first I was in so much shock, that I could hardly move. It didn’t seem possible. I fell on the floor to my knees, with my head down, too afraid to look up.
I felt a tap on my shoulder. 
“I would like to buy some shoes,” a voice boomed. I remember thinking that his voice was so low it sounded like thunder, and sent chills through my spine. 
I looked up at him, trying to form words but they wouldn’t come out. 
He looked at me curiously. “ I can get shoes here?” he asked. 
I nodded. 
“Very well,” he said. “Are you going to help me?”
“Of course, “I finally managed to say, stuttering. 
He smiled. “What is your name?” he asked me.
“Joan,” I said. 
My father came into the shop. “Your majesty,” he said kneeling. 
The King turned around to face my father. “Is this your daughter?” He asked. 
My father nodded. 
The King thought for a moment, and then looked at his guards. “I would like your permission for your daughter to come to the palace as a lady in waiting to my mother.”
I was floored. 
“Of course,” my father said. I left the next day for the palace. I remember saying goodbye to my father and thinking it was the hardest thing that I had ever had to do. Of course, later, when I had become engaged to the King, my father had come to live with us at the palace. Later, the King admitted to me that he loved me the first time he said eyes on me. Up until this moment, it felt like I had truly lived the fairy tale.
I loved the King, not because he was the King, but because of the man he was. It wasn’t just his laugh, when he smiled at me, I could feel the warmth from deep inside. He was also smart, and selfless, and warmhearted. He was everything that I had ever wanted. 
I looked at William once again, the boy who was beginning to take on so much of the King’s likeness. I listened to the boy laugh from deep down within his belly. I wondered if that laugh would bring me pain or comfort once the king was gone. It didn’t matter. Whatever happened, I promised myself, I would bring the boy up to be as much like the King as possible. The world needed more men like the King. And I promised myself, if something happened to the King I wouldn’t let the kingdom fall. I would do everything within my power to protect it, even if it meant that I had to go into battle myself. 
After the children had fallen back asleep, Mary and Charles returned to their quarters, and the King and I to ours. 
He poured himself a glass of brandy. 
“You should get some sleep,” I said. 
He shook his head. “After tomorrow, I’ll have all eternity to sleep,” he said.
“Please stop talking like that,” I begged. 
He put his finger to my lip to silence me. Suddenly I felt overcome with emotion, and I felt my chin quiver. 
“Please don’t cry for me my love,” he said. “I’ve had a good life, and tomorrow I will lay it down fighting for my family and my kingdom. Please don’t mourn me, but celebrate me. We have had more love together in the last fifteen years, than most people have had in a lifetime.”
I nodded. “I wanted forever,” I cried.
He sat down next to me and put his arm around me. “ We will have forever,” he said. “Don’t you see, with all the preparations I’ve made, I will still be here providing for you and protecting you, even when I’m gone.”
I nodded.
“I need you to know what happened today, and you’re not going to want to hear it.” His face grew grim. “Harold, has made an alliance with the oar demons.”
“No,” I said shocked. “Is that even possible?”
“I didn’t think so, but somehow, they are working together. It’s almost like he’s trained them to attack us.”
“I don’t understand,” I said. “I thought that….”
“I don’t understand it either. But during the battle, we were attacked by dozens of them. We were slaughtered by them. They attacked only us and not them. It was too much. We were overwhelmed by them.”
“Then don’t go back tomorrow,” I begged. “ You can escape with us.”
He shook his head. “No, I have to try. I would be a coward to try and not defend my kingdom.”
“Then, I will stay here with you,” I said. “ I don’t want to live without you.”
“If I’m killed tomorrow, you have to stay here until all hope is lost. You have to hold on to our kingdom for as long as possible. Once you get word, you have to get out with the children.”
“No,” I said. “Owen will get them out.”
He shook his head and cupped my chin. “I would not be able to rest in peace knowing that you died to be with me. Promise me you’ll get out, promise me you’ll take care of our children.”
“But I want to stay with you,” I begged again.
“Our daughter needs you,” he said. “Promise me you’ll get out, for Isabel.”
I sat silently crying. 
“If the children are lost, so is all hope for our kingdom forever,” he said. “As long as my heirs live, there will still be hope after I’m gone. Promise me for the sake of our kingdom you’ll go on without me. Promise me for the sake of everything that we’ve worked for you’ll carry on.”
“I promise,” I finally agreed. 
He leaned forward and kissed me. When I woke up in the morning he was gone. I never even got to say goodbye. Perhaps it was better for both of us that way. 
I crept into Isabel’s room where she and Catherine were still sound asleep.
 I heard the door open to the commons room, and walked out to see who it was. It was Mary. 
“If it’s ok with you, I’d like to spend the day with you and the children again,” she said.
I could see that she had been crying. “What did Charles tell you?” I asked.
“Everything,” she sobbed. 
We held each other and cried for what seemed like the longest time. Finally we released each other. 
I sent for some tea, and we sat down. 
“It seems strange, that soon we could be living as fugitives,” I said. 
She nodded. “I still can’t believe that any of this is even happening.”
We heard footsteps in the hallway, and then the heavy door opened. It was Charles followed in by a number of guards. He was badly wounded. 
“Charles!” Mary exclaimed running forward.
He leaned on Mary.
“We need to treat him now,” one of the men said from behind. 
“Of course,” I said. “You can use my bedroom.”
“You’re majesty,” he said, his voice weak.
“Charles not now,” I said. “You need to get some help.”
He held out his hand to me.
“What is it?” I asked. 
He lowered his eyes, and I took what was in his hand. My hand flew up to my mouth, and I gasped. It was the King’s wedding ring. 
“No,” I said. 
He nodded. 
“Your majesty, we need to treat your wounds now or you could die,” A man said from behind him.
I sank back on the chair in pain. The rest of them seemed oblivious. I wondered if any of them even knew, or if Charles had made sure that I was the first. 

Sir Owen

When I came upon the apartments to relieve my guard it didn’t seem like anything was out of the ordinary. 
I knocked on the door, and no one answered. Alarmed, I entered to find the queen sitting silently in a chair. 
“Your majesty?” I asked. 
She didn’t answer.  
“You’re Majesty?” I repeated. 
This time her head snapped up.
“Sir Owen,” she said.
“Is there something wrong?” I asked.
She nodded but didn’t say anything. As I got closer I could see the track of the tears on her face. 
“What is it?” I asked. 
“It’s…it’s,” she finally held out her hand revealing a ring in the middle. “It’s the King,” she finally managed to say. “He’s dead.”
“No,” I said stunned. “It’ can’t be.”
Fresh tears flowed from her eyes. “It’s the King’s wedding ring. Charles gave it to me.”
“Where is Charles now?” I asked. “Maybe it’s not true, maybe you misunderstood.”
She shook her head. “No. The King told me that if he ever died in battle, he would make sure to send his wedding ring back to me. I’m not sure any of them in there know yet,” she said. “I think Charles wanted to make sure that I was the first. Maybe it’s better that they don’t know for now. Maybe it’s better we let people think the King is still alive for as long as possible.”
“Is there anything that I can do for you?” I asked. 
She nodded. “Will you just hold me for a little bit?” She asked.
I nodded. It was strange to see her that way. I kept trying to find words to comfort her, but I couldn’t find them. I had never known the Queen to be weak. I don’t think that I had ever seen her shed a tear in the entire time that I had known her. 
I tried to keep my own emotion at bay, but I could feel my heart cracking…shattering. It was the most intense pain that I had ever known, and a part of me felt like I couldn’t breathe. The King had been like my father, and now he was gone. I didn’t even get to say goodbye. I had never had the chance to tell him how much he meant to me. I wondered why I hadn’t told him. I had so many chances to, and now I would never get that chance again. 
Isabel tip-toed into the room, with Catherine behind her. “What’s going on?” Catherine asked.
“My father’s dead,” Isabel said. 
The Queen wiped tears from her face, and Isabel came to her. Both of the girls crawled into the Queen’s lap, and cried. Suddenly the Queen was no longer crying, but comforting the princesses. I could hardly believe the transformation.
“Everything will be alright,” she reassured them. “The King loved you both very much, and he saw to it that no matter what, you will both be alright.”
She looked over at me. “Will you tell William? I think he might handle it best coming from you.”
“Of course,” I said. 
I wasn’t sure what I was going to say to him. I was barely even able to control my own emotions. I struggled to fight back the overflow of emotion as I walked towards his room. I tried to remain clam by reminding myself that the others needed me to be strong for their sake. I couldn’t show how upset I was. 
The truth was, I was devastated. I couldn’t believe that the King was gone. I wished that I had more time to talk to him. I wished that I could see him one last time. In a way it didn’t even feel real. It felt like I was in some awful dream, and I kept expecting to wake up. 
I pushed my thoughts away. If I thought anymore I would lose control of my emotions for sure. I pushed open the door for William’s room. I found him sitting up on his bed reading a book. 
His eyes lit up when he saw me. He rushed out of his bed, and gave me a hug. It surprised me, and I realized the boy was becoming quite attached to me. It made what I had to tell him even more difficult, because in realizing the boy’s attachment to me, I began to realize my own attachment to the boy. I wasn’t sure when, but at some point, I had started to see the boy like a little brother.
“Good morning William,” I greeted him.
“Good morning Sir Owen,” he said. “Have you come to play more games with me?”
I swallowed the lump that was in my throat. “If you like we can play games later,” I said. “I need you to sit down. I have something that I have to talk to you about.”
“Ok,” he said. He sat back down on his bed, and waited for the news that I knew would break his heart.
I paced back and forth for a second trying to collect myself as he eyed me suspiciously. “It’s, the King,” I finally managed to say. I felt the tears starting to flow, and I tried to fight them back, but was unable to. “He’s dead.” I sat down next to him and he threw his arms around me. For a moment we both sat there and cried, until I managed to pull myself together.
“What’s going to happen to me now?” William asked after a few minutes. “Will someone else raise me?”
I shook my head. “The Queen will continue to take care of you.” 
“What if she dies?” He asked. 
“Then I’ll take care of you,” I said.
“But what if you die? It seems like everyone that I love is always dying.”
I wiped a tear from his face. “I am not going to die,” I said.
“Do you promise?”
“I promise.”
“Knights honor?”
“Knights honor,” I smiled at him. “You know William, the King was very proud of you.”
He shrugged. “Are you sure? He was mad at me when I saved Isabel.”
I smiled again. “I’m sure that he was very proud of you. Even though he was mad that you disobeyed, he was grateful that you did. If you hadn’t disobeyed, then Isabel might not be alive. The heir to the throne is the most precious thing that a kingdom can have.”
He nodded. “I know. That’s why I did it. Honestly Sir Owen, I don’t like the Princess that much.”
I laughed. “That’s because she’s like your sister,” I said. I found myself happy to have the boy to talk to. Spending this time with him eased my heart ache. “Do you know what would make the King really proud right now?” I asked. 
“What?” 
“If you went into the other room and tried to comfort the Queen.”
“I don’t know if I can,” he said. “What if I get upset and start to cry?”
“	You might,” I said. “But its ok if you do you know. You loved the King, and because of that you might be one of the only people who can bring the queen some kind of comfort,” I said. 
We walked into the main apartment together. The Queen was sitting with Lady Mary and the girls. 
“How is Sir Charles?” I asked Lady Mary.
“His injuries are serious, but he’s expected to recover,” she said. 
It was just then that I noticed how much William had improved in the last couple of days. It barely even seemed like he was injured anymore. How strange, I thought. A couple of days ago he could barely even stand. Then I noticed Isabel. It was as if she had never been hurt at all, even the cuts on her face were fading into scars. I realized that if we had to go into hiding, her scars might be able to conceal her identity better. Maybe it had been a blessing in disguise that she had been attacked by the oar demon. 
“I’m glad to hear that,” I said. Lady Mary looked drained, like she hadn’t slept in weeks. I knew all of this must be taking quite the toll on Lady Mary, and the Queen. With the king dead now, and Sir Charles injured, the responsibilities of the whole kingdom fell on their shoulders. 
There was a knock on the door. When I opened it, there was a messenger who was standing there half out of breath. I recognized him, his name was Calvin. He was a knight that was about my age, and like me had been one of the orphans. 
“What is it?” I asked him. 
“It’s Harold’s army. His army broken through our defenses, and is inside the palace gates.”
“What about the palace?” I asked. “Is it protected?”
“It is, but only for now. Our men will be overcome within a short period of time.” He looked over at the royal family. “For their safety, I would implement the escape plan now,” he said.
I shook my head. I couldn’t believe this was happening. I looked over at them. “Get everything you need right away,” I said. “I’ll be back within a matter of minutes.” 
I left the room with Calvin. I needed to fetch the others that had been chosen for this mission. I had chosen them for myself, but I had never actually thought we would need them. My whole body was shaking. It was too much to take in all at once. 
When I found the others they were all playing cards. “Get your things,” I said. “ We need to move now.” I walked over to a safe that was built into the wall and opened it. Inside, was a satchel of weapons and food provisions that would last us a few days. I began to throw bags of the food at the men, and we carried what weapons we could. 
“Has anyone seen my brother in law?” I asked. 
The men looked uncomfortable. 
“Someone better tell me where he is,” I said. 
One of the men stepped forward. “When we got word that the villagers were being attacked, he went home. He said he had to get his wife and baby.”
“When did he leave?” I asked.
“Yesterday,” the man replied. 
I silently prayed that he had gotten to them in time, and that he was safe.
When I got back to the apartments, the family was looking at us with fear all over their faces. Something was wrong and I knew it right away. As I looked around I realized that Isabel was missing. I clutched the sword at my side. I met the Queen’s gaze, and her eyes drifted towards the corner of the room. 
I sensed motion behind the curtain on the wall, and glanced back at my men. The confrontation was quick and deadly.
“How many more?” I asked the Queen after the man was dead.
“I think that was the only one. He found us by accident.”
“We need to get out of here now,” I said. “Where is Isabel?”
“I’m right here,” she said coming out of her room. “I heard the man come in, and I ran and hid under my bed.”
“Alright, come on, let’s go,” I said. 
The Queen looked at the children. “I want you to be brave,” she said.
It took a moment for me to grasp that she didn’t intend to come with us.
“What do you think you’re doing? “ I asked.
“I’m staying behind to try and get others out,” she said. “I can’t leave our servants trapped here, it wouldn’t be right.”
“You can’t stay here, he’ll kill you,” I warned. 
“Maybe, but maybe not. Either way, I can’t abandon my duty.”
“Your duty is to your daughter,” I snapped. “She still needs you.”
“My duty is to my people. I’ve done my duty to my daughter, she’s taken care of. But my people aren’t. I need to get as many of them out of the palace as I can. It was the King’s wish.” With that, I realized that I would never be able to persuade her to come with me. 
“I’m not coming either,” Lady Mary said.
The Queen glared at her. “What? You can’t stay here. I command you to go with them.”
“No,” Lady Mary protested. “I can’t leave my husband behind, I won’t leave him behind.”
 “He would want you to go,” the Queen said. 
Lady Mary shook her head. “No, I can’t.” 
“Then I order you under arrest,” the Queen said.
“What?” Lady Mary said shocked. “But…”
“Sir Owen, arrest her,” the Queen said. 
I stood there dumbfounded for a second, as Lady Mary began to sob. “ You can’t do this,” she said. 
“I can and I will,” The Queen responded. “Sir Owen, I order you to place Lady Mary under arrest.”
I shifted uncomfortably. Lady Mary was someone that I had respect for, and I didn’t wish to arrest her. I pitied her, having to leave her husband. If I were in her shoes, I was sure that I wouldn’t behave any differently. 
“Sir Owen, arrest her now and leave. We can’t waste any more time on such matters,” the Queen said sharply.
I reached into my travel bag, pulled out some rope, and bound Lady Mary’s hands with it. “I place you under arrest,” I muttered.
“I’m sorry,” the Queen said. “This is the way that it has to be.” She embraced the children one last time. She could no longer hold back her tears as she hugged each of them. She begged them to be brave no matter what happened, and told them all how much she loved them. 
As she stepped toward me, I found myself unable to hold back my emotion. She wrapped her arms around my waste and rested her head against my chest. “Be brave my son,” she said stepping back. 
I nodded and turned away. I didn’t want her to see me cry anymore. I grabbed Lady Mary’s elbow, and led her out of the room into the dark passageways. 
As we moved through the passageways, we could hear the fighting on the inside of the castle. I felt nauseated as I thought of the Queen still inside trying to get people out. I looked back over my shoulder, and saw the knights carrying the children on their backs. 
In my haste I had forgotten that Isabel and William weren’t quite healed all the way. It was better that they were carrying the children anyways. It meant less noise, and less chance that someone on the other side of the walls would hear us. 
My heart raced when we reached a dead end. I glanced down at the wall, and saw the handle for the door. I knew that when I opened the door, we would be at the end of the palace walls and in the forest. I pressed my ear up against the door, and couldn’t hear anything. With any luck, the battle wouldn’t be anywhere near us. But still it would be dangerous, we had to make it to the rock, and who knew what could happen by the time it took us to get there. 
“Hold up,” I whispered. “Will someone toss me one of the bags that have the extra weapons?”
One of my knights, Sir Benton handed me a bag. I opened it up, and pulled out a long dagger. I used it to cut the rope off of Lady Mary’s hands, then I handed her the dagger. She looked at me fearfully. “Just in case,” I reassured her. 
Then I handed each of the kids one. 
“Alright, here’s the plan,” I said. “We’re going to move as quickly and as quietly as possible. I want all of the children carried on someone’s back. The most important thing is to protect them. Also we need to try and surround Lady Mary as much as possible. If we get attacked, we need to try and stick together. Am I understood?”
They nodded. “ I’m going to take Isabel,” I said. I knelt over, and she climbed up onto my back. “Don’t worry, I won’t let anything happen to you,” I said.
I could see the Lady Mary was trembling. “The kids need you to stay calm,” I told her. 
She nodded. “I’ll try.”
I opened the door, and saw nothing. I signaled for my men to move, “Now!” I said running out into the open. 
We made it to the forest, and that was when the chaos began. 

Isabel

We had just made it to the forest when an arrow went by my head missing by inches. I screamed. 
“Be quiet!” Owen commanded me. 
Another arrow went by, this time missing by farther. I knew that we were still quite a way from the rock. I looked around, and spotted them, at least two dozen men coming over the hill. I was still young, but I realized how bad that was. We only had maybe ten men with us. 
Owen grabbed Catherine and William, off the backs of the men they were on. “Cover us,” he said as he began to run. He spotted a small cave, and ordered us to get inside until he said it was safe. I heard footsteps running away from us. Had he gone? Had he left us there?
I huddled against Catherine and William, trembling. Catherine was crying and I grabbed onto her hand squeezing it as hard as I could. Just a few feet away, I could hear the weapons hitting each other. 
I suddenly realized that Aunt Mary was not on inside the cave with us. 

Sir Owen

After the kids had climbed into the cave, I grabbed Lady Mary and twirled us around behind a tree. 
“Can you be brave?” I asked her. 
She nodded. 
“We need to lead them away from the children.”
“We can’t leave the children unprotected,” she protested.
“If we stay here there’s an even greater chance they’ll find them.”
“What do we have to do?”
“Run,” I said pulling her hand and leading her into the open. I was immediately attacked by three different men. “Get out of here,” I ordered her. 
I was able to defeat the first one quickly enough, but felt overpowered by the other two. “Stay alive”, I said to myself in my head as I tried to fight them both at once. I could do this, I had done it in training often enough…two attackers at once. I finally managed to get them in a line so I was only fighting one at a time. One man swung his sword over his head, I was able to block it and kick him into the other men. They both stumbled backwards. My follow through was swift and fatal. 
The first man screamed, as I drove my sword through him. The other man tried to flee, but he wasn’t able to get up fast enough as I sliced him. As my sword sliced through him, I saw another man coming at me in the corner of my eye. I spun around, and cut him in the gut before he could land his blow. I let out of breath of relief, as I heard a thud behind me. 
I twirled around, to see a man lying on the ground, bloody and gulping for air. Lady Mary was standing above him, shaking with a bloody dagger in her hands. 
“Thank you,” I said. 
She nodded. I was beginning to think that she wasn’t much for words. I glanced around for my men. Somehow it seemed as if they had held their own. I could see them, all of them, standing in a circle with their backs to each other striking down their attackers. 
“Come on,” I said. “I’m going to help them, and so are you.”
She looked at me, her eyes wide. I pulled her behind a tree, and pulled out my bow and arrows that I had in my bag. “Watch my back,” I said, and began shooting. 

William

It seemed like we had been there forever before we finally heard footsteps. My first instinct was to run out and see if it was Owen, but I knew better. Then I heard more footsteps, and voices. I listened for a minute, and realized that none of the voices sounded familiar. 
“I’m sure I saw them come this way,” one of them said. 
“Keep looking, the rats have to be somewhere around here.”
What had happened? I wondered. Was Sir Owen ok? Why wasn’t he here protecting us? As they got closer, and I could hear the branches under their feet snapping, and panic set in.
“There you are!” A man suddenly yelled, climbing into the cave. Catherine and Isabel screamed. He grabbed for Catherine. I pulled out my dagger and drove it into the man’s stomach. He fell backwards. 
“We have to get out of here,” I told the girls. I grabbed the man’s sword and ran to the front of the cave. Another man was barrowing towards me angry. I inched back towards a tree. Catherine and Isabel were clinging to each other. Within seconds suddenly there were more men. I swallowed hard, and ran towards the nearest man, and drove my weapon into him. 
I heard the girls screaming again, and saw another man trying to grab them. Damn it, couldn’t they use they’re daggers? I thought. I ran back and stabbed the man in the back. I felt someone grab me, I turned around to fight them off when I realized it was when of Owen’s men. Another one had grabbed Isabel and Catherine. They ran down a hill with us, where we were reunited with Owen and Lady Mary. 
Catherine and Isabel rushed to Lady Mary. 
“They’re almost all gone,” one of the men said to Owen. 
“Good,” Owen said. “I’m going to stay here and protect them, will you go back and help the men finish the job?”

The Queen

Looking back, I often think I would have done things differently, but I always come back to the same answer. It was what my husband would have wanted. He would have wanted me to stay and try to help people get out, so that’s what I did. 
I ran through the corridors of the palace, trying to help as many people escape as possible. I knew that they could live for months inside the passageways, as long as they weren’t discovered. I ran through the hallways grabbing my confused servants and shoving them into the entrances. I had told those on the inside to look out for them. They would explain to them what was going on if I didn’t make it back. 
I wasn’t sure how long I’d be running through the corridors of the palace when I first heard the clashing of weapons close to me. I ran in the opposite direction, only to hear them there too. I knew that I had to get to the nearest entrance as soon as possible. I looked around. I didn’t see any of my guards. I began to run as fast as I could towards one of the secret entrances. 
Someone grabbed me and twirled me around. He was a tall man, with an iron strong grip. He smelled like he hadn’t bathed in months, and his breath smelled foul. As I met his gaze, I knew instantly that I knew him. He was one of Harold’s friends. He had aged, but I could never forget those eyes. They were cold and harsh. 
“Not so fast Joan,” he said. 
“Let go of me,” I said beating my fist against his chest. “Help!” I cried.
He slapped me across my face. “It’s too late for that,” he said. “The palace is taken, and soon enough, all of your men will be dead or captured.”
I need him in the groin. He groaned and then slapped me even harder. I fell backwards onto the ground. I touched my fingers to my throbbing head, and the damp moisture that was on my skin.
“If you don’t cooperate, I’ll beat you even worse,” he said. “ Now tell me, where are they?”
“Who?” I asked. 
“You know damn well who,” he snapped.
“I’m afraid I don’t,” I responded. 
He picked me up and punched me in the stomach. I bellowed over in pain. 
“Igor that’s enough,” Harold’s voice boomed from behind me. 
I turned around to face him. 
“So, you remain but the rest are missing,” he mused. “Search the palace Igor, they must be here somewhere.”
“There’s no point in looking,” I said. “The King and Charles are both dead. They died in battle yesterday.”
I saw a flash of sadness in his eyes. “ I didn’t realize Charles’s had perished. I had hoped to spare him.”
I spit in his face. “You could have saved him by not starting this war,” I said. 
His hand collided with my face. He grabbed my elbow and started dragging me down the hall. “Where are the rest of them?” He asked.
“Who?”
“Don’t play stupid; Isabel, Mary and that boy?!” 
“Isabel and Mary are both dead,” I said. “ They caught the flu from Catherine and died suddenly. I don’t know what boy you speak of.”
He opened the door to my chambers, and shoved me in. I felt his hand colliding with my face again. I cried out in pain. 
“You know what boy I speak of. The one that you have raised in place of a son. I know he’s here somewhere, and I know Mary and Isabel aren’t dead. Where are they?
“I’ve told you all that I know,” I said. 
He continued to beat me for days. Days turned into weeks, until eventually I didn’t know how long had passed. But I never told what had happened to them. The truth was, I didn’t know. I know they must have escaped Harold’s men. I would have heard if they hadn’t. But after that, I truly had no idea what happened to them. I realized that it was better that way. I realized that it was safer for all of us if I didn’t know where they were.
Harold locked me in my chambers. I was stripped of my tittle, and most of my possessions. All of my servants were dismissed, and I was attended only by his servants. My existence became dismal, and almost hopeless. But there was hope. Charles had survived, and was hiding within the palace walls. When the time was right, I hoped that he would be able to make an escape. Maybe somehow he would be able to muster enough men to save us. I knew that the children had survived. If not Charles, I knew that they would come back for me. 

Isabel

The day that we made our escape from the palace still seems like a blur. I remember being attacked, and I remember feeling like we wouldn’t escape with our lives, but then somehow we had. Somehow my father’s men had saved us. I remember feeling warmth that my father was still protecting me even in his death. It made me feel close to him. 
After the attack, Owen began moving at a rapid pace again. He said there was no time to waste. I remember holding onto his neck as tightly as I could without chocking him. Looking back, I can’t imagine how hard it must have been to carry me through the forest like that. I wasn’t exactly a small child anymore. 
We had only been on the move for a few minutes, when we heard the crashing through the trees and the animal sounds. I knew all too well what it was. I had only heard those noises once before in my life, and I would never forget them. 
“Owen!” I screamed. 
He looked over his shoulder. “Terrance, Luther, fall back,” he ordered. 
“They’ll die,” William said.
“We could all die,” Owen responded. 
When we reached the rock, Owen put me down. 
“Only the royal heir can open it,” he said. 
I heard Terrance and Luther scream, and looked back over my shoulder. 
Owen turned my head away. “That’s nothing you need to see,” he said. “Now open it, or we could all die. 
I held my hand to the rock, and a doorway appeared. After we had all entered, Owen told me to close it. 
“What about the men?” I asked. “What if they’re still alive?”
He shook his head. “They’re gone,” he said. 
“But..” I started to protest. 
“Isabel, do as you’re told, and close it before someone sees us,” Aunt Mary said sternly. 
I held my hand out to open it, and the door disappeared. 
Owen took a sip from his water jug, and handed it to me. The moment the water hit my lips, I realized how thirsty I was, and began taking big gulps. 
“Easy does it Princess,” Owen said. “We need to make our supplies last a couple of days, maybe even weeks.” He threw his sack down on the ground and opened it. He handed each of us a small loaf of bread, and some dried fruit.
“We can rest here for a few hours, but after that we have to move quick and fast. The sooner and farther we get away from the palace, the better.”
“Where will we go?” Aunt Mary asked. 
“We will go as far as the tunnel goes. The tunnel ends at the home of one of the King’s knights. The king has thousands of knights that live in secret in case this ever happens. They will pass us from home to home until we are somewhere safe.”
“The guardians of the throne,” Mary said. 
“Yes,” I responded. 
“What about my mother? “ I asked. “Will she find us?”
He leaned back against the wall of the tunnel. “I don’t know,” he said. “I hope, but I don’t know.”
I began to feel my eyes flow with moisture. “She’s all that I have,” I said.
He rushed over to me, and put his hands on my face. “Now, you have me now. I promised your mother that if anything happened to her, I would take care of you.”
“What if she’s not alive anymore?” I asked weeping. 
“I’m sure she’s alive. If she hasn’t been able to escape from the palace, then I’m sure she’s hiding in the passageways.”
“But someone could find her there. Someone found us there remember?” 
“Hush now child,” Aunt Mary said trying to sooth me. “You’re mother would want you to be brave right now.”
I didn’t feel brave at the moment. I felt lost and confused. I had never felt so alone in my entire life. In the last 24 hours, I had lost not only my father, but now my mother too. 
“It’s ok, I’m here,” Catherine said walking over to me and grabbing my hand. 
“Why don’t you let me tell you a story?” Aunt Mary asked. 
I nodded. The last thing I remembered that night was climbing into her lap with Catherine, and Aunt Mary stroking my hair. 

Owen

“You were very brave today,” I said to William. 
He shrugged. “If the King knew he would be mad. I’m not supposed to pick up any weapons, or fight.”
I knelt down to talk to him. “William, the King would always want you to save his daughter’s life over following orders. Not a lot of knights can say that they’ve saved a princess twice, or even once.”
“But shouldn’t I obey? I mean especially now that the King is gone? I feel like I should obey his wishes more now than ever.”
“William, the King was really proud of you, and if he was watching over us today, he would have been proud of how brave you were. It took courage to fight those men.”
“I killed them,” he said. 
“You had to,” I replied. “I killed men today also. I know it’s strange, and part of you feels awful, but if you hadn’t killed those men, then you would be dead right now.”
“I just can’t believe that I actually killed someone.”
“Why don’t you try to get some sleep?” I said. “We’re going to be moving again in a few hours, and you’ll need your rest.”
“I don’t think that I can sleep after today,” he replied. “I’m not sure that I’ll ever be able to sleep again.”
“How about if I get you some tea?” I asked.
“How are you going to make tea? We don’t have a fire to warm the water.”
I laughed slightly. “It won’t be warm tea. It’s from the palace so it will be cold. I brought some a long just in case.”
He nodded. “I guess that will be ok. Will you sit with me for a little bit?” He asked. 
“Of course. I’ll be right back,” I said hopping up over to our bags of supplies. I pulled out the jug that had the tea in it, and then glanced over my shoulder as I slipped some medicine into a container, and poured the tea into it. 
I sat down next to William, and handed him the container with the tea. 
“Thank you,” he said. 
“No problem,” I replied. 
He took a sip. “Sir Owen, will you tell me some stories about being a knight?” He asked. 
“Hmm I’ll have to think of a good one,” I said. I looked down at him, and realized that he was already asleep. It had worked quicker than I anticipated. 
I realized that Lady Mary was watching me. “Do you give him something to sleep?” she asked. 
“Yes. The boy will need his rest. How about the girls?” I asked pointed to them. “Did you give them something to sleep?”
She shook her head. “No, I think just the events of the last day gave them enough to sleep for a month. Poor Isabel,” she said. “I feel so sorry for her.”
“We’ll make sure that she’s alright,” I said. “I made a promise and I intend to keep it.”
“I know, it’s just that she’s lost everything so quickly. And now she’s going to have to live in a world, that might not accept her, and a world that she’s not going to understand.”
“What do you mean?” I asked.
“You know very well what I mean. She’s going to have to be a commoner. Sure the King tried to teach her about being a commoner, but she was a princess. She never did her chores well or willingly, or was liked by the help. I’m not sure if it’s even going to be possible to conceal her identity as the Princess.”
“We’re going to have to make it possible,” I said. “There’s no other way.” 
She began to cry. 
“What’s wrong now?” I asked.
“Charles,” she said. “I’m sorry,” she apologized. “Do you think I could have some of that tea? I think that I might need it to help me sleep as well.”
“Of course,” I responded. I handed her the container that I had given William. 
“Thank you,” she said. She took a few sips, and within seconds she was falling asleep. 
I looked around and realized that my men were all asleep as well. What a strange day it had been. I hadn’t really had the time to think about it until now. I hadn’t had the time to process it. So much loss, I thought. It didn’t seem real. Yesterday, I had been one of the prized knights of the King, and today, I was a fugitive. They were all fugitives now I realized. If I was found smuggling them, I would be hung. Harold would have no mercy on me if he caught me. I would be a threat to him, a beloved knight of the King; one of the last links to him. I would have to be just as careful to keep my identity secret as the royal family. 
I watched them sleep for a few minutes. They were entirely my responsibility now. I hadn’t wanted the responsibility, but now I had it. I had my own family that I had to protect for  better or worse. But then maybe I had wanted it, I thought. All those years, growing up feeling disconnected, and now I had something. Isabel and William, were mine to take care of. 
Suddenly I felt sick. What of my own daughter, and sister? Had Arthur been able to save them? I wondered what had happened to all the villagers, and all the people in the palace. The Queen had tried to help as many of them escape as possible, I wondered how much she had been able to help though. Had she been able to escape herself? If she hadn’t, then what had happened to the survivors after they got passed the palace grounds? Unarmed, there was no way they would escape the oar.
 
Isabel

I woke up to the sound of voices. I opened my eyes, and it took a minute to realize where I was. The events of the day before slowly settled in. Part of me wanted to believe that it was all just a bad dream, and that I would wake up for real any second now, but I knew that it wasn’t a dream. I looked up at Aunt Mary who was still asleep. Catherine was awake and talking to Owen. I got up and went to them.
“Good morning Princess,” Owen greeted me. 
“Good morning,” I said. 
I noticed that Catherine was eating a piece of bread, and I suddenly realized that I was starving. I realized that I hadn’t eaten since the night before we left the palace. 
“Would you like something to eat?” Owen asked. 
I nodded, and he handed me a slice of bread. 
I felt disoriented. I wasn’t sure how long I had been asleep. I wondered if it was still the same day, or if a new day had come. “Owen, have we been gone a day yet?” I asked.
He shrugged. “I have no idea. For all I know, it could be the middle of the night.”
“Oh,” I said. 
“We’ll wait awhile for everyone else to wake up, and then we’ll move on,” he explained. 
“It’s best that way move at odd times anyway.” He took a bite out of the loaf that he was holding. “It’s likely that William, and your Aunt will be asleep for a while. I gave them both something to help them sleep.”
I nodded. I wasn’t sure what to say. It was all a bit much. Suddenly I missed my parents, and I began to cry. 
“What’s wrong Isabel? Catherine asked.
I shrugged, and wiped the tears from my face. “Nothing,” I said finally. “Nothing is wrong.”
Owen moved over, and put his hand on my chin. “Whatever it is, you can tell us.” He looked concerned.
“It’s nothing,” I said and turned away. It wasn’t proper for me to display my emotions in front of Owen. I was a princess, it was hardly proper for me to display my emotions to anyone at all. 
“Ok,” Owen said. “But I would really like for you to tell me. I’m kind of going to take care of you for a while, you know. It’s ok for you to tell me things.” 
I shrugged and turned away. I went back and sat down next to Aunt Mary. She stirred when I sat up against her. 
Catherine rushed over to her, and offered her some bread.
“I know it’s not much,” Owen said. “But we weren’t able to bring that much.”
She shrugged. “Bread will do,” she said. 
“How did you sleep?” Owen asked.
She smiled. “Like a baby. How long before we are out of the tunnels.”
Owen looked pensive for a minute. “I’m not sure yet. I know it’s a few days from the nearest village that the tunnel goes through. The King set it up that way on purpose. He figured Harold would look for you in the closest villages first.” He frowned.
“What is it?” Aunt Mary asked him. 
“Well,” Owen began. “When we do reach the first village, we might not stay above ground.” 
“What?” Aunt Mary asked. 
“Well,” Owen started. “It might not be safe. They are going to be looking for you, all of you. I might be the only one to go up for a while.”
“You mean that we’re going to live down here?” Aunt Mary asked. 
“I don’t want to stay down here,” I protested.
Owen knelt down onto one knee, and looked Aunt Mary straight in the eyes. Then he took her hands into his, “I know that you’re frightened,” he explained. “But this might be the only safe way for a while. After some time has passed, they won’t look for us as much, and then we can go above ground.”
“You’re sure this is the right thing to do?” She asked. 
He nodded. 
“How long?” She asked.
“At least two months. Enough time so they hopefully won’t look for us anymore.”
She nodded. It was the first time that I had ever seen her not put together. It was a strange thing for me to see as a child. My aunt was someone that I had always seen as being strong, and now she was weak, and unsure of herself.

William

At least two months. It seemed like a crazy idea. Maybe I could go above ground with him. They wouldn’t be looking for me. I hoped that he would let me go with him. Two months seemed like a long time to not be able to even see the light of day. 
Shortly after they were done talking and we began to walk again. This time, the knights did not carry us. As my eye began to adjust to the tunnels, I could see that they were actually carved out walls. The floor was not dirt, but wood. 
It was the most that I had walked since the attack. I wished that we had brought my wheel chair with me. Every muscle in the leg that I had broken was screaming at me. I couldn’t help but start to limp a little bit. 
I asked Owen about the floors being wood. 
“It hasn’t been like that the whole way lad,” he said. “ When we first got to the tunnels, the floors and walls were dirt.”
We heard noise up ahead and Owen stopped us. He put his finger to his lip, and told us to stay behind. Signaling for several of the other knights to follow, they began to creep along. When the others weren’t paying attention any longer, I snuck away, and followed in their footsteps.
As we got closer, I could hear the voices distinctly. They were the voices of woman and children, and then I saw it…light. 
I saw Owen draw his sword. The tunnels got wider, and then we saw them. The woman and children ran and hid behind corners. Owen put his sword down. 
“It’s ok,” he said. “I’m one of the King’s knights.”
“Has he come to rescue us?” One of the women asked. 
Owen hung his head. “ I’m afraid that the King has been killed in battle.”
“It can’t be,” the same woman said stepping out from the shadows.
“I’m afraid that it is,” Owen said. “ How did you know about these tunnels?” 
The other woman and children began to come out from the shadows. 
“My husband is a guardian of the throne. In case the palace was ever attacked, these tunnels were to be used to protect the Princess.”
“Where is your husband?” Owen asked. 
“He’s above ground,” she explained. “When he heard that villagers were being slaughtered, he left to try and protect them and find as many survivors as possible. While our husbands are gone, they told us to stay down here.”
Owen leaned against the wall. “ How long have you been down here for?” He asked. 
“A few days,” she said. 
“Are there more of you down here?” He asked. 
She nodded. “The guardians of the throne have been making preparations ever since rumor spread that Harold had returned. Most of their families are down here.”
“There’s a lot of risk in so many people knowing about the tunnels,” Owen said. 
“We would never do anything to endanger the King’s family,” she said sharply. “The only people that know about the tunnels, are the woman and children of the knights, and survivors of Harold’s massacre. I am told the King had a soft spot for orphans.”
Owen sucked his breath in. “ Yes, he did. I have something that I need to tell you my lady,” he said. “I’m carrying some precious cargo,” he explained. 
Her eyes widened. “The Princess!” She exclaimed. 
	He nodded. “I’m only telling you because I need you and your friends here to protect her. From here on out though, her identity is to remain secret. You can’t let those in other villages find out.”
She nodded. “Of course. Well, where is she?”

Isabel

It was a strange experience for me to be introduced to so many commoners. I’m not sure that I had ever really known a commoner before. In a way I suppose, William had been one, but not really since his father was a knight. Even my servants, they were all woman who came from Nobel families. 
I wondered how many of them knew who I was. Owen had told me that a few select knew for the purpose of informing the secret knights that I was coming. I was sitting playing with Catherine when I saw Aunt Mary approaching. I was surprised to see her dressed in commoner clothing. 
“What happened to your clothes?” Catherine asked. 
“Well,” Aunt Mary began, “ from now on we are going to dress like commoners so we can hide better.”
I looked around the room, and then realized it must have been painfully obvious who I was. I was not dressed like anyone else in the room. 
I stood up, “Ok,” I said. I think in my head at the time, I thought it was like getting to play dress up. She hustled us off into a room, and quickly changed our clothes. I was immediately unhappy. My clothes were itchy, and nothing likes the soft silk dresses that I was used to. It reminded me of having to work in the stables; something that I had hated. 
“I don’t like them,” I complained. 
“Well you’ll just have to get used to them,” Aunt Mary said. “ From now on, that’s how you’ll be dressing.”
I felt hot tears rolling down my face, as I scratched at my legs and arms. “ I want go home,” I cried. 
Aunt Mary’s eyes softened and she bent down to my eye level. “ I know you want to go home,” she said. “I want to go home just as much, but we can’t right now. We have to wait until you are bigger.”
“I don’t want to wait until I’m bigger,” I said. “ I want to go home now.”
“If we go back now, Harold will kill you, he’ll kill Catherine as well. Is that what you want?” she snapped.
I shook my head. “Did he kill my mother?” I asked. 
“I don’t know,” she said. 
“What about Uncle Charles? Did he kill Uncle Charles?”
“I don’t know, probably.”
“Who is going to take care of me?” I asked. 
“I am,” she said. 
I spent the rest of that first night, in that room. I didn’t want to talk to anyone. I suddenly felt lost in a strange world that I knew nothing about. 
I sat on a straw matt playing with a doll. Aunt Mary said it came from one of the woman in the shelter. Strange to hear it called a shelter, but I guess it was in a way an underground shelter. I heard a knock on the door, and Owen came in carrying food.
I smiled meekly at him. 
“Won’t you eat something?” He asked. “Your aunt tells me that you haven’t eaten anything all day.”
I shook my head. “I’m not hungry.”
He put a tray of food down in front of me. “You know, I was an orphan at a very young age. I wasn’t that much older then you, when I came to live at the palace. I remember how over whelming it was. I felt lost,” he said. “I remember feeling like I was in this strange new world that I knew nothing about, and quite frankly I didn’t want to know anything about it. I just wanted to go home to my parents, but I couldn’t. I imagine that’s how you’re feeling right now?” He guessed, raising his eye brows at me. 
I thought for a minute and then nodded. 
“It’s hard to be away from what’s familiar. I understand what you’re going through. I loved your parents too. I loved them like my own parents, and I would give anything to be able to go back to them right now, but we can’t.”
He put his arm around me, “You know you’re kind of like my daughter now. I promised the King that if anything ever happened to him, that I would take care of you.”
I looked up at him. “I miss him so much,” I said. 
“I know you do,” he replied. “ But remember how much he wanted you to be able to fit in? That’s why he had you do all those palace chores that you hated.”
I nodded.
“Well, you’re never going to fit in if you stay away from everyone else all the time. You know, these are your people. It might even make you a better Queen one day if you get to know them.”
“You think that I’ll still get to be the Queen one day?” I asked. 
He nodded. “I’m going to do everything that I can to make sure that happens. Now will you eat something?” I nodded and took a bite out of my dinner. 

The Queen

I had no idea how much time had passed. It had to be days, maybe even weeks. The room was cold and dark. Harold had boarded my windows shut. He said it was all I was to be allowed until I told him where the Princess was. 
My stomach growled. He hadn’t fed me since that first night. It didn’t matter though, no matter what he did to me, I wouldn’t tell how they had escaped. I sat on my bed, and felt my dress fall off my shoulders, a sure sign of how thin I must be getting.
I heard the heavy footsteps down the hall, and I knew that it must be him. I clenched my first, I wouldn’t tell no matter what he did to me. 
The heavy door creaked as it opened. Harold walked in holding a tray of food. The aroma of it teased my nostrils, and made my stomach growl even louder. I felt faint with hunger. He put the food down on a table. I got up to walk towards it. 
“Not so fast,” he said.
I stopped in my tracks. What kind of game was he playing? I wondered.
“I brought you dinner, but it comes with a price,” he informed me.
“What price?” I asked.
“Tell me where they are,” he said.
“Never,” I replied. 
I felt his hand collide with my face. He had hit me every night since that first night. It was starting to not faze me anymore. It was becoming something that I was accustomed to. 
“Damn you,” he shouted. “Damn you to hell!” He hit me again this time knocking me over. 
I closed my eyes, and prayed for death as he continued to beat me. I always prayed for death when he beat me. When I woke up later, initially I thought that I was dead. I tried to open my eyes, one of them wouldn’t open. I gulped for air, and felt the pain in my ribs. I rolled over, and tried to pull myself up. I finally managed to pull myself up onto the bed. I felt my face, and could feel the caked blood. I looked around the room, and saw the food still sitting on the table. 
I was hesitant at first. It must be some kind of trap, he must have poisoned it. I was sure of it. After a few minutes, I couldn’t resist. My desire to eat over powered me, and I began the long process of making my way back to the table. As I moved every inch of me hurt, and I wondered if there was any part of me that he hadn’t beat. 
Finally I made it to the table. I dug into the food, and it was gone before I knew it. 
I heard footsteps down the hall again. A servant entered. 
“My god,” she said shocked. 
I didn’t know what to say. Could it be that one of his servants was sympathetic to me?
She looked over her shoulder and shut the door. “Lean on me,” she instructed. 
The last thing that I remember was her guiding me towards the bed. 

Sir Owen

I had to split them up. I knew that it wasn’t going to be easy, but it was the safest thing to do. The children could be disguised, but not Lady Mary. It was too risky to have them all together, there was too much of a chance that someone would recognize them. 
I wouldn’t leave her yet though. I would move them out in a few days, and then I would leave her with a family that would keep her safe. I hoped that she would be safe. I tried to talk myself into feeling easier about it. Mary was not in line for the throne, but her child was. Maybe finding Mary without either child would convince Harold that they were dead. 
I packed up my bag. We had stayed there to long already I thought to myself. More and more people were coming. I began to wonder if the tunnels were even safe. I knew that Harold must have spies, and I knew that he was looking for the princess. 
“Sir Owen,” I heard a man call. 
I spun around. It was one of the orphans that I had grown up with, who was now one of the guardians of the throne. 
“Mathew,” I said happy to see him. “How have you been, I padded him on the shoulder.”
“I am well Owen,” he said. 
There was something off about his behavior. We had been good friends since we were kids. “What is it?” I asked. Is there something wrong.”
“I don’t know where to begin,” he said almost out of breath. 
“Just tell me,” I said.
“We need to move, and now,” he said urgently. “Now that I think of it, I don’t think there’s time to explain.”
“Come on,” I said urgently realizing that we were in danger.“ Where is she,” I yelled running towards Lady Mary who was sitting with a group of woman. 
“She’s in the other room with William and Catherine,” she said. 
“Get your things,” I ordered. “We need to go. Everyone needs to go, now,” I said. The woman began to scoop up their children and run down the tunnels. 
I flung the door open to the room the children had been staying in. 
“They’re not in here,” I yelled. I turned around to face Lady Mary. “They’re not in there,” I said again.
“They have to be in there,” she said. “I’ve been sitting here the whole time, I would have seen them come out.”
I walked into the room, and looked around. 
“Oh my,” I heard Lady Mary say from behind me.
“What is it?” I asked 
She pointed up. They had dug a hole in the ceiling. “Damn it,” I exclaimed.
“We need to get as many men as possible,” Mathew said. “Harold’s men know about the tunnel, and they are coming.”
This couldn’t be happening I thought to myself. I grabbed Mary and pulled her out of the room. A girl was running by us panicked, and I pulled the scarf off of her head. I tied it around Mary’s hair and pulled it around her face the best that I could. 
“Sir Jacob”, I called to another knight who I saw putting gear on. 
“Yes sir,” he said. “This is Lady Mary,” I informed him. “She is the sister in law to the late King. I want you to get as far away from here as possible, and then get above ground. Hide her in plain sight,” I instructed him. 
“My daughter,” she said.
“I will find her,” I promised. I spun around, and directed my men to follow me above ground. 
I could smell the smoke before I saw it. I could feel the fire before I could see it. As I climbed the stairs out of the tunnels, the screams sent chills throughout my entire body. I jumped out, and grabbed my sword. There were men in the room the tunnel opened up into. They were Harold’s men. Within seconds one of their weapons collided with mine, and I was fighting for my life. 

Isabel

I waited impatiently for William to carve out the last of the whole. We had been working on it for weeks in secret. If Aunt Mary or Sir Owen found out about it, they would kill us. Catherine stood by the door keeping watch. 
Finally, we could see light. I beamed with excitement. It was the first time that I had seen light in I didn’t even know how long. We didn’t intend on being gone long, we just wanted to be outside for a while, to be kids. 
William went out first, Catherine and I followed him. It was a small village, but to me it seemed big. I had never been in a village before. I had never really left the palace grounds before. I saw some other kids playing a game and ran over to them. 
I asked them if I could play and they said yes. That was when I first heard the hooves. It was a sound that I knew well from living in the palace. I had heard the troops march into the palace often enough, to know that there was a lot of them.
I looked at Catherine and William. Catherine seemed unaware that there was any danger, but William’s face looked white as a ghost. 
“We have to go,” I said. 
We ran away from the other children. I didn’t even know where I was running to, I just knew that I had to run and hide. The horsemen started to get off their horses, and I ran into a barn. Once inside, I ran up the stairs to the top level, and buried myself under some hay. I heard William and Catherine next to me. 
I heard a woman screaming. “What do you want?” She asked.
“Where are they?” He asked.
“I don’t know,” she said. “I think they’re in the tunnels.”
Traitor I silently thought. 
“You lie,” he said. “The tunnels have been searched and they are not there.”
“I don’t know,” she said. “I swear.” 
I heard a thud, and then more footsteps. 
“Someone tipped them off,” I recognized the voice instantly as Harold’s. The hair on the back of my neck stood up. 
“Burn it,” he said. “Burn the entire village. If they’re still here, they’ll have to come out of hiding, if not then at least we’ll make an example out of anyone who chooses to hide them.” 
I lay motionless until I smelled the smoke. 
William was shaking me within seconds. “We have to get out of here,” he said. 
The hay fell off of me as I stood up. 
Tears were rolling down Catherine’s face. I felt too afraid to move. William shook me again, “We have to leave now, or we’ll burn alive.”
“If we leave, he’ll find us,” I said.
“If we stay here we’ll die.”
I grabbed onto Catherine’s hand. “Let’s go,” I said. 
We ran down the steps and out of the barn. “Keep your heads down,” William said. “ We have to find Owen," he added. 
I coughed as I chocked on the smoke. 
“We need to get out of plain site,” I responded, and took off to run behind a building. 

William

We had been so stupid to leave the tunnels. I didn’t know what we had been thinking. All I knew was that I had to protect the Isabel and Catherine somehow. We squatted behind the building for a second. Both girls were out of breath, but I knew that we couldn’t stay there for long. 
I noticed the woods behind me. I wondered if they had oar demons in the woods like the woods by the palace. I didn’t know, but it was a chance that I would have to take.
I nudged Isabel, and glanced in the direction of the woods. She shook her head. “It’s too risky,” she said. 
“We have to,” I responded. 
“I’m afraid,” Catherine replied. 	
I shifted. “Don’t worry, I won’t let anything happen to either one of you,” I responded.
I peeked around the corner of the building to see if the coast was clear, and I suddenly felt afraid; very afraid. As I looked around me, all I could see was carnage. The villagers were being I slaughtered. 
I spotted Owen in a sword fight, and realized that he would be unable to help us at that moment. I swallowed the hard lump in my throat. “On the count of three, we have to make a run for it,” I said. 
I held my hand up, and counted off my fingers, “one, two, three,” I grabbed Isabel’s hand and she grabbed Catherine’s. 
Suddenly I felt less weight behind me, and I looked over my shoulder. Catherine had fallen. I stopped, and told Isabel to keep going and not to look back. I would stay behind and help Catherine. 
Catherine was trying to get up, it looked like she had twisted her ankle. I was beginning to run towards her, when I saw the boots step in front of her. I saw Isabel behind another building. Stupid girl, I thought to myself. If I could see her, then anyone else could. I looked back and forth between the two girls. 
Then I recognized the man. It was Harold. I ran to Isabel. I had to get her out of site. It was too late to run into the forest. We would be seen. I couldn’t risk it, not with Harold there. Isabel was crying again.
“We have to help her,” she pleaded.
“Ok, we will,” I promised, “but we have to stay safe ok?” 
“He’ll kill her,” she sobbed. 
I looked back around the building. Catherine was no longer in site. We had to find a way to get to get to safety somehow. I saw some soldiers coming our way, and I grabbed onto Isabel’s hand and ran towards another cottage that was on fire. 
“What are you doing?” She asked.
“They won’t expect anyone to be going towards the fire,” I replied. 
I noticed an outhouse behind the cottage, and ran towards it. I shoved Isabel in and slammed the door. 
I wasn’t sure how long we were there for, when I finally heard Owen yelling for me. I opened the door slightly and looked out. He was limping. I could tell that he was badly injured. I ran out of the outhouse and flew to him. 

Sir Owen

For a moment it was the happiest moment of my life. The kids were safe. Then I realized there were only two of them. 
“Where is Catherine?” I asked; my throat scratchy from the combination of fighting and the smoke. 
“Harold took her,” Isabel said. 
I fell back onto the ground. I had failed. 
“Is this the Princess?” A man asked. 
“Who are you?” I asked standing up, my hand on my sword.
“Sir Robert, Guardian to the throne.”
I breathed a sigh of relief. “Yes, this is the Princess,” I replied. 
“Come then, there is a place where we will be safe.” He whistled, and some other men rode up. 
“Where were all of you when we were being attacked?” I asked.
He hung his head. “We were at our secret location in the mountains. Word didn’t reach us until it was too late.” He looked around uncomfortably. “It’s is not safe to stay here.” 
I touched the man on the shoulder. “Harold took the other Princess; I need to go rescue her.”
“Which princess?” He asked.
“Princess Catherine, and I intend to rescue her.”
“That’s suicide,” he replied. 
“I made a promise to the king’s sister in law, and I intend to keep it.”
I looked at the children’s frightened faces. I limped over to them, and knelt down. “Listen, I have to go find Catherine, but I promise that I will come back to you.”
“How will you find us?” Isabel asked. 
I looked over at Sir Robert. “Don’t worry; the other guardians of the throne will make sure that I can find you. 
Robert jumped up onto a hoarse, and scooped Isabel up. 
He reached for William, and I held my hand up. “Make sure this boy is armed. He hasn’t been formally trained as a knight, but he is extremely talented. He killed an oar demon, and survived. 
Sir Robert raised his eyebrows, and shrugged his shoulders. I could tell that he thought that I was exaggerating, but I didn’t care. I didn’t care that the King had ordered William, not to touch weapons. It didn’t matter anymore. William was in it for the fight of his life, and I trusted no one more than him to protect Isabel. 
I watched them ride off with a heavy heart, and wondered if I was doing the right thing. I had just entrusted them both to men that I didn’t know. But it was the way that it had to be. I had to find Catherine. 
I began to make plans in my head. I would take some of my men, and some of the knights from the village. I began to walk back towards the tunnels to look for them. It soon occurred to me that I might not find very many of them alive. 
Before long, I was stunned that I was even still alive. I began to feel more and more desperate the further I got. “Is anyone alive?” I yelled. I got no answer. 
Bodies littered the ground like fall leaves on an autumn day. They had killed them all, woman, children, even babies.
“Owen,” I heard a voice call. It was Sir Mathew. It looked like he had been beaten severely. 
He hobbled over to me, and I limped over to him. “Where is Mary?” I asked. “I thought you guys had made an escape before the attack started.”
“It was too late,” he said. “They were waiting for us at the next tunnel exit. They killed most of us. They’re burning every cottage within a hundred mile radius. If they can’t find the Princess, they intend on burning out her entire escape route.”
“What about Lady Mary?” I asked panicked. “Where is she?”
“They took her,” he said. 
I buried my head in my hands. “This can’t be happening,” I said. “They took Catherine too. We have to go, we have to rescue them.”
“We’re in no condition to fight,” Mathew said.
“We have to fight, it’s our duty.”
“Did any of the other guards survive?” I asked.
“A few,” he said. “But they’re not in much better shape than we are.” 
“Gather them,” I ordered. “We leave immediately,” I said walking away.
“Where are you going?” He asked.
“To get supplies,” I replied. 

The Queen
When I woke, my clothes had been changed. I felt my face, and I could no longer feel the caked blood on me. I sat up, it was still painful to move, but it wasn’t nearly as bad as it had been. I wondered how long I had been asleep for. Then I saw her. It was the servant girl who had helped me to my bed. 
“Did you take care of me?” I asked her.
She nodded. ”You know Harold would have your head for that?” I said. 
She shook her head. “Cat got your tongue?” I asked. 
“No my majesty,” she said. I was taken aback. “He would certainly have your head for referring to me as that.”
“I know, but I am loyal to you,” she said. 
“How is that you’re allowed to help me?” I asked.
“Well,” she said. “Harold wants you well.”
“Why is that?” 
“For the wedding and the execution,” she said.  
“What?” I asked. 
“Well, he’s captured the Princess, and Lady Mary, and he plans to execute them. He then plans to Mary you” “No,” I gasped. 
“I’m going to help you,” she said.
“How?” I asked. 
“He still doesn’t know about the secret passageways,” she responded. 
“I plan on earning his trust, and then once he doesn’t suspect anything I will help you escape in the middle of the night.” 
“What about Charles? Does he live?” I asked. 
She nodded. “He lives, and he’ recovered from his injuries.” 
“Good,” I said. “We can escape out the tunnels together.” 
She shook her head. “Harold knows about the tunnels, so in an effort to hide the passageways, the tunnels entry has been cut off. I plan on delivering you to Charles, but after that I don’t know how you’ll escape.” 
“What about my daughter?” I asked. 
She looked down. “I’m not in a position to help her,” she said. 
“But you’re helping me!” I said. “I won’t leave without my daughter. Surely you’re not the only one that is still loyal to the late King.”
 “I’m sure that I’m not your majesty, but I’m too afraid to tell anyone that I am.” 
I shook my head frustrated. I couldn’t be mad at the girl, she had already risked so much just to be friendly to me. I would have to find a way to save my daughter myself.  “What is your name?” I asked the girl.
“It’s Anna,” she replied. “Well Anna, it looks like we are going to get to know each other quite well,” I said. I knew what I had to do. I had to find a way to make the girl not afraid. No, that wasn’t the answer; I had to give her courage. If I gave her courage, then I knew that she would help me more, I knew that if she had courage she would reach out to others for help. She must already have some, I thought. Otherwise she wouldn’t be helping me. I realized that there was hope, there had to be hope.




