Heart of the Messenger

Book One of the Falcon Chronicles

By Melody Styles
 


Text copyright © 2018 Melody Styles


License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook.  You are welcome to share it with your friends.  This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form, including the title page.  If you enjoyed this book, please return to your favourite ebook retailer to discover other works by this author.

*******


To Adrian,
who always believed in my quest.

 


Contents
Part 1
Chapter 1 – Unicorns in the Mushrooms
Chapter 2 – Stories of the Past
Chapter 3 – In a Changing World of Blankets and Heroes
Chapter 4 – A Legend is Born
Chapter 5 – Flames of the Future
Chapter 6 – Warning Owls
Chapter 7 – Dawn of the Forest
Chapter 8 – Mistaken Dublin
Chapter 9 – Dark Roots of the Forest
Chapter 10 – On the Wings of Change

Part 1

Chapter 1 – Unicorns in the Mushrooms

Erina knew she would be late again.  She should have remembered that mushroom picking always took longer than she allowed, especially during the heat of summer.  Still finding the best mushrooms was important – well, to her at least.  She didn’t like those scabby brown ones that were split, no matter what Uncle Bower said, and she was sure those consuming them this lite would agree with her.  The down side to finding the nicest mushrooms was, of course, the extra time it took, even more so at this time of the turing.  Last moonth, she needed only to meander through the cow paddocks, but with the Misay heat weighing heavily on the land, she now had to venture into the sparsely treed verges of Garton Woods to find even enough barely-not scabby ones to fill her apron pockets.  She made sure she gathered only on the fringes of the great forest though.  Being in any forest was not good.  Dark creatures and foul spirits freely roamed through the woods, hiding in tree hollows and shady undergrowth, looking for those who had strayed too far, or so she had been told since earliest childhood.  Being the time of a full moon, Erina took additional precautions for her security, venturing only as far as the leafy, half shade of the grand oak that could be seen clearly from the paddock gate.  Well, that was what she told herself would ensure she came to no harm.  

Forest dangers behind her, Erina busily thought of how she would explain her tardiness to Uncle Bower as she scampered over a rock fence bordering Johanus’ cow paddocks.  At the same time trying not to drop or squish any of her hard-earned cargo in the pockets of her apron.  Maybe she wasn’t really that late and just thought it had taken a long time.  Erina smiled to herself – she was fooling herself and she knew it.  The dew had dried from the grass beneath the horse chestnut and tiny elm before she had given up looking for the perfect mushroom and began the return trip to the safe stone walls of Lofton.  Only one more fence to go, she told herself as she quickly picked her way through the herd of black, brown and white marked cows.  

Erina could already hear the clang of Durney’s blacksmith, and the woody clunk of axes chomping through logs destined for nite famished fires, as she clambered up the outer stone wall of Johanus’ hay storage shed.  This was the tallest wall in Lofton, outside the grave yard wall.  She could have gone via the shorter wall on the other side of the barn, it was much easier to climb, but the path afterwards took much longer.  Well, that was what she told herself.  The real reason she liked to take this way was she could see the whole of Lofton.  From her best friend, Ambyr’s pink washed house on the southern edge, to the rough-hewn cemetery wall in the north, she could see everything, but this lite she paused only briefly to survey the view before she bounced herself down the other side.  She was late enough already and didn’t need to make it any worse by dallying here.  

As she rounded the front corner of Johanus’ stone hay shed, Erina came to a complete halt.  Before her, in the centre of the cobblestone yard stood a pure white unicorn, without halter or bridle, and standing with a grace that bordered on arrogant defiance.  An almost iridescent light glowed from its coat, and from the centre of its noble head protruded a single twisted, golden horn.  Erina stared at the giant beast, awed by its pure existence and doubly shocked by the fact she stood before it.  The larger than life unicorn, on the other hand, did not seem startled by her sudden arrival from over the stone wall.  Instead, it seemed strangely patient, calm almost, amongst the feed crates, dented milk cans, and discarded muddy wellingtons.  Not that Erina knew how a supposedly imaginary creature would act anyway.  The unicorn continued to stand motionless, as if it had been awaiting her arrival for some time.  Something else in this world to remind her she was running late again, Erina thought to herself.

Not quite sure what she should do in this situation, and at the same time trying not to bring to an end this once in a life time moment, Erina remained motionless with uncertainty.  A warm, early morning breeze quietly stirred the leaves, scattering them happily in the stone walled courtyard and gently flicking the unicorn’s mane.  In reaction to the disturbance, the unicorn, with its neck gracefully arched, took a step forward, its hoof ringing loudly on the cobblestone.  Erina remained frozen to the spot, with only her racing heart to keep her aware this surreal moment was reality.  With self-assured and deliberate strides, the unicorn crossed the cobblestone farm yard, lowering its proud head until its blue tinged eyes were level with Erina’s own.  The long, twisted golden horn extended over her shoulder, linking the two figures in a world where Erina suddenly felt safe, a world where she felt like she belonged in a way she had never before.  A world where this creature’s existence felt right, but one where Erina felt an all-consuming sadness so deep and unending. 

Erina reached out her right hand and gently placed it on the silky-soft muzzle of the unicorn.  The memory of her entire life faded away.  She wasn’t Erina from Lofton any longer.  She was suddenly someone stronger, someone real with determination and strength, someone who had been hidden for all these turings just waiting to emerge, waiting for the sign – waiting for this moment.  Erina could feel a wave of certainty flow over her.  Something was about to happen, something she was meant to be a part of, something she had always been a part of.  It would not be much longer now.  It would change the world, and it would change her.

Erina let her hand fall to her side as the unicorn stepped back and broke the connection to its private world.  For one, brief moment, she had felt at peace and accepted everything that had happened, and what was yet to come.  She silently thanked the unicorn for this moment, a moment she would remember forever, one a simple person like her never really had the right to.  

The proud unicorn took one more step backwards.  It slowly bowed its great head, lowering its golden horn until it almost touched the ground before raising its head to full height once again.  A light breeze stirred the unicorn’s mane, ending the perfect moment.  With its neck proudly arched once more, the unicorn turned and strode away from her, and away from the town.  Erina stood still until the unicorn had disappeared completely from sight, trying to commit every detail of this encounter to her memory.  She breathed out a sigh when it had finally disappeared beyond her sight.  Somehow the mushrooms no longer seemed so important, nor did the need to worry about being late.   Erina stood a moment longer, reflecting on what just happened, before turning and continuing on to the Red Knackle and the awaiting Uncle Bower, though somewhat less hurriedly.

Erina paused briefly, shielding her face from the glare of the now mid-morning sun as she approached the town square.  It was market lite, and the stone bound square was already abuzz with the first of the traders setting up for the afternoon markets.  Normally a surge of excitement would race through her at the thought of the exotic stalls, draped in flowing materials and bursting with intoxicating spices, shimmering fabrics, gaudy jewellery, scented soaps and strange fruits in jars, but not this lite - not after the unicorn.  Still enchanted by her mythical encounter, Erina passed the market square without further thought to the squatly shaped form of the Red Knackle, where she was supposed to be already.  

Lost in her memories of the unicorn, Erina walked absent mindedly towards the Red Knackle’s great oak doors, oblivious to everything, until the rough jab of an elbow in her back sent her tumbling to the ground, spilling her hard-earned mushrooms onto the cobblestones of the Red Knackle’s door step.  Now firmly back in reality once more, Erina sat up rubbing her raw and paining hands as she peered around for her assailant.  
‘Watch where you’re going next time.’  The tall and powerfully built Meka barely turned as he continued to stride down the cobblestone lane.
Beside him walked his ever present off-sider, Hartney.  
‘Why’d you do that?  She didn’t do anything wrong.’
‘Because I can, and ’cause she can’t do nothing about it.’  
Meka strode on without any hint of remorse, happy with his torment of her.  Hartney followed obediently, casting an apologetic glance back at her.  Erina flashed Hartney a meek, reassuring smile.  She knew he hadn’t wished for this to happen, not to his sister’s best friend, who had done nothing to deserve this.  She turned and began collecting her fallen produce into her skirt.  She sighed.  It really didn’t matter now if they had been scabby or not, most were damaged and she was still late.  In front of her, the time-aged front doors of the Red Knackle opened revealing the familiar figure of her cousin, Argos.  Surprised by her state, Argos dropped to her side and began helping her pick up the mushrooms.
‘What happened?  Did you trip?’
‘With a bit of help from Meka.’
‘No Isa huh?’
Erina pursed her lips as she half smiled her regret.  She badly wished she had allowed Isa, her four-footed canine companion, to come along.  Meka was Isa’s least favourite person in the world.  She would have given her plenty of warning to steer clear of him.
‘Yeah, I left her with Aunt Tana.’  
Erina stood up and looked around at the street again, this time checking that Meka wasn’t there to push her over one more time.  Nearly all of them had learnt the lesson of Meka, either from personal experience or as horrified bystander.  Meka was a bully and nothing but.  Argos too stood up as he handed her the last mushroom before moving off down the lane.  
‘I’ll catch you later.  I gotta deliver a message for my father.’
‘Thanks.’  She called to the disappearing Argos before she turned and walked through the open doors of the Red Knackle Guild Hall.

Inside the solid oak doors, Erina passed quickly across the smooth, worn timber floor of the empty main room, stopping only to rest her palms on the Weatherbench.  She didn’t pause here because she was pining for the lite she would make a life vow, or for that special person to hurry up, like Ambyr and just about every other girl in town.  Although, she couldn’t deny she was looking forward to a lite when that would happen.  No, she stopped here nearly every lite because of the cool calmness the blue basalt imparted to her by its touch, even more so after an encounter with Meka.  Nor did she understand why.  The rough but dressed bench was made of the same stone as the well wall, and the platform in the market square, and pretty much half of Lofton, yet no other places made her feel half as relaxed as the Weatherbench.  

Recovered and reinvigorated, Erina continued past the wall of scrolls and books that contained every decision made by the Hansgrafen of Lofton since time began, into the kitchen out back.
‘You’re late.’
The familiar outline of her best friend, with her forever perfect brown curly hair and more than slightly alluring build, appeared in the storeroom doorway, a large clay pot for roasting this nite’s main meal held protectively in her arms.  
‘Did you hear me, Erina?’
‘Hmm…I’m sorry Ambyr, I wasn’t listening.’  Erina knew her thoughts were a long way from where they were supposed to be, but she couldn’t help it.  Some part of her had been changed by the unicorn encounter and none of this seemed important any more.  Not even the opportunity of teasing Ambyr about Argos’ obvious visit, which she would have normally dragged out to at least half an hour of stirring.  Just as strangely, Erina found she could not tell her best friend about the unicorn.  She felt as if it was a secret that had to be kept or else the magic of that moment, and the unicorn, would be destroyed forever.  Ambyr, unaware of her already full lite, continued on.
‘I said, you’re late.’
‘Am I in trouble?’
‘No, Bower left in a hurry about an hour ago, but he did say to make sure there was plenty of chillie salt.  Might even need to make a double batch, he said this nite’s meeting is going to be really big.’  
‘I didn’t see a spice trader at the markets.’
Ambyr half smiled with supportive understanding.  Being a turing older than Erina, Ambyr assumed the role of the older, leading sister in their friendship, even though most of the time all she did was lead Erina into trouble.
‘Well there’s not much we can do about that then, is there?’  Ambyr placed the earthen baking pot on the central kitchen bench before turning to leave.  She turned suddenly, with an after thought just remembered.  
‘Oh, Bower also said to go easy on the cloves in the mulled wine.  He said last time it was more than a bit strong.’  
Without waiting for a reaction Ambyr disappeared through the door into the main room.  Erina grimaced.  She didn’t understand how people could drink mulled wine in the first place - although she did enjoy the heavy aroma of cloves and cinnamon as it was being prepared.  

Erina placed the best of her mushrooms in a wooden bowl for later use, before moving the white stoneware plates and serving bowls to a long wooden bench in readiness for the nite’s meeting.  She didn’t mind having to organise the food for guild nites, it was a nice change of pace from making vellum.  Not that she really minded making vellum.  The pumicing was relaxing, and she loved the natural glow a finished sheet produced.  She just liked the variety guild meetings offered, and not being covered in gritty dust for the lite.  

With bounding steps, Ambyr suddenly reappeared in the kitchen doorway, her face lit up with excitement causing her curls to bounce with a life of their own. 
‘Quick Erina, something’s happening in the square!’
Erina put the pile of plates she was holding on the table and wiped her hands on her apron as she turned to Ambyr, who was literally jumping out of her skin. 
‘What is it?’
‘Argos says there’s a unicorn, a real live unicorn in the square.  Can you believe that?’
Forgetting the mushrooms, the nite’s meeting, and the opportunity to stir her best friend about talking to the boy she would never admit she really, really liked, Erina threw off her apron and hurriedly followed the excited figure of Ambyr out of the dim interior of the Red Knackle, to the market square in the centre of town.  As she ran Erina tried to make herself calm down, she couldn’t believe it, the unicorn was back.

A confusing mixture of sounds greeted Erina’s ears as she reached the edge of Lofton’s central square.  The urgent guttural yelling of men punctuated the excited squeals of children and the panic filled voices of mothers, trying to gather their over-stimulated children to safety.  Over all of this, Erina could hear the voice of the unicorn.  A single screaming note that pierced her head, penetrating deep within her mind, calling to her.  In that scream, she could almost feel the pain it was suffering.  Erina squeezed her way between the wall of people, who, like her, were trying to see the mythical creature that did not belong.  With her attention firmly drawn to finding the unicorn, she wormed through the crowd and abandoned stalls to Aunt Tana and Uncle Bower.  Ambyr, she subconsciously noted, had, unsurprisingly, found a place next to Argos, but the thought held little sway as Erina was once again awed by the mystical beast that she thought could never exist.  She watched in an almost trance like state as the unicorn kicked, screamed, and lashed out, twisting its body wildly in an attempt to be free from the biting ropes that bound it.  The crowd of gathered villagers stood well back, watching from a safe distance in fear and disbelief, all completely captivated by this mystical creature.  Erina too stood, unable to take her eyes off the magnificent beast as it reared and danced, throwing its head wildly about, causing the sunlight to flash off its golden horn, hypnotising all.

Erina wished the unicorn would calm down.  If it didn’t, she knew the hunters would hurt it, especially Lothar, who as a hunter had a cruelty that could be said to be almost as legendary as the unicorn itself.  With a violent lunge the unicorn reared, knocking down two of its captors.  Teft, Lothar’s right hand man, and the newest recruit, Guy, while another Erina was not familiar with, let go of his restraining rope and ran in fear of its flailing hoofs.  The unicorn reared again, this time breaking free of the ruthless hunters, that were wanting nothing more than to hold onto their prize.  Suddenly free, the unicorn broke into a powerful gallop, its muscles rippled under its skin as it circled within the wall of people.  It tossed its head in defiance as it looked for a way out, for a way to freedom.  Townsmen with long pikes appeared amongst the now terrified crowd, and waved them threateningly at the imposing beast as it continued to gallop majestically within the ring of people.  On the far side of the enclosed circle, the unicorn gracefully slowed to a lordly walk, as if completely in control of its surroundings.  It turned quickly, but still gracefully, to avoid any man who appeared before it with a rope.

Erina continued to watch bewitched, unable to take her gaze away from this shining beast.  Along with awe, she was now beginning to pity this magnificent creature that was fast becoming nothing more than a trophy from a hunt.  Without thought, Erina found herself stepping forward.  Not even realising her Aunt Tana was tugging on her arm trying to hold her back, Erina walked forward into the ring of villagers without fear.  She felt only compassion for this trapped beast.  She could calm it down, she was sure of it.  She knew what she was doing was right.  The unicorn paused its stately walk for a moment, as though it recognised her, as though it recognised the thing it needed.  Erina no longer heard the noise of the hunters, nor the frightened villagers.  The world was now empty of everything, except her and the unicorn.  

The unicorn turned slowly to face her.  Erina stood, allowing it to make the next move.  With tense, but confident steps that reverberated across the blue flagstones beneath its hooves, the unicorn moved towards Erina.  It lowered its head once again, allowing Erina, one single girl, to be a part of its world.  It stopped a step away and stood proudly, certain of what it was in a world that seemed so full of fear and cowards.  It bowed its head and great horn once more to her feet.  Its pure white coat glistened still with an immortal radiance, outshining the grey and dirty browns of the mundane and unimportant village.  To Erina, it had become a shining white beacon of dreams and hope that should remain forever untouchable.  It did not belong to this world full of bullies and hunters.

From behind her Erina heard a noise, a grunt of effort, as a lassoed rope flew passed her shoulder and over the unicorn’s head.  In a split second without even seeing it, the magical moment was broken.  The unicorn screamed and reared as it pulled back, the rope chewing deeply into its neck as it did so.  Erina, realising the danger, threw herself to the ground, to avoid the flailing hooves as the huntsmen raced forward to reclaim their trophy.  Erina, now aware of the horrible part she had played in its recapture, scrambled to her feet to try and save the beast.
‘That’s it Teft, get another rope on it.  Get out of the way girl, you’ll get hurt.’  
With a heavy hand, Lothar grabbed her shoulder and pushed her roughly back, causing her to stumble and fall at the feet of her frightened aunt.
‘Erina, what are you doing?’  Aunt Tana helped lift her from the ground where she had fallen.
‘This is not right.’  Erina turned back to the huntsmen and the struggling unicorn. 
‘This Is NOT Right!!’  
Erina stepped back stunned, as she realised she had screamed this out at the top of her voice, but it didn’t make a difference.  Lothar and the others didn’t even acknowledge her as they focused on roping the creature that would not give in.  The unicorn continued to fight against the pull of their uncaring hands, it would not submit to these simple folk.  With renewed effort, it thrashed wildly and began striking men with its hooves and slashing with its golden horn, determined to regain the freedom that should have been its by right.
‘It’s too wild, we will never control it.’  Guy, barely three turings older than Erina, and only halfway through his first season with Lothar, yelled as he tried to maintain his desperate grip on the rope, his uncertainty clearly evident.  Lothar reached inside his cloak and pulled out his double-edged sword as he began to stride purposely towards the resisting unicorn.  
‘I, will tame this beast!’
Erina, realising what he was about to do, slipped from her aunt’s protective grip and darted in front of Lothar in a mad hope of reasoning with him.
‘You can’t, you can’t do this.’
‘Out of my way girl!’  Lothar flung her effortlessly to one side, his sights firmly set on the ferocious animal in front of him, and his sword held threateningly between them.  The unicorn continued to thrash wildly against the ropes as Lothar raised his sword above his head, the blade flashed a solitary, silver flash.  Erina could only watch in dread from where she sat sprawled on the ground as Lothar’s sword came crashing down, slicing into the snow-white neck of the screaming unicorn.

The unicorn suddenly stopped as it became aware of what was happening. Lothar hacked at the unicorn’s flesh again, the blade now red with the unicorn’s blood.  The unicorn fell to its knees, its head still held high as it looked around at the silent faces of the villagers.  Erina could feel tears well up in her.  This wasn’t right, it should not be happening.  A red river began to pour from the open wound on the unicorn’s neck.

The tide of ruby blood surged swiftly across the cobblestones, radiating out in a broad circle from the dying beast, flooding the village square.  Erina watched, as it trickled between the cobblestones, pooling against the well’s bluestone wall.  Erina’s stomach felt sick at the thought of having to drink the water that now mingled with the unicorn’s blood.  She looked at her own feet now surrounded by the crimson flow, and saw the dissipating remnants of a destroyed dream.  As the blood continued to gush onto the flagstones, Erina realised the wind was no longer a gentle breeze that tickled cheek and skin.  It had transformed to a threatening gale as dark clouds smothered the once blue sky.  Erina turned back to the unicorn, its head began to slowly sink towards the ground.  Its eyes locked now in a sorrow filled realisation as it faced its own end.  For a second Erina caught the eye of the noble horse.  It was sadness defined, a collective of the world’s grief in one single look.

A blinding flash of lightning struck the obelisk marker at the far end of the market square.  The searing light was instantly replaced by the blackest dark, and a deafening crash of thunder shook the ground beneath her feet.  As the rumbling of the thunder subsided, Erina knew the unicorn was dead.  She was almost sure the lightening had struck the moment the unicorn’s horn had touch the ground, commencing its eternal sleep.  The flow of blood eased as the final essence of life departed from the fallen beast.  The unicorn was dead.  She hadn’t wanted it to be so, but it had been beyond her control.  Erina knelt beside its still form shedding a silent tear as she asked for forgiveness.  She knew she would carry forever guilt of the role she had unknowingly, but still inextricably played.  Rain, heavy and furious began to fall.  Erina remained by the unicorn’s fallen body, trying in vain to hold on to that special moment she had, for a single second, shared with the now still beast, hoping it would be enough to bring it back.  The rain fell heavier, but Erina took no notice.  She carefully reached out and gently touched the unicorn’s neck, as if trying to take away some of the sorrow from the motionless creature.  Its eyes were now dull and lifeless, in an unblinking stare that none could hold, penetrating all, accusing all, with a look of hopelessness as its final thoughts realised there was no future here - even in its own life.  That ageless sorrow, a single rational idea, completely destroyed by lunacy and greed.  Another lightning strike brought her back to the torrential storm she was sitting in, drenched.  With one final glance at the lifeless unicorn, Erina fled to the safety of her dry roof.  The whole world seemed to be crying at the unicorn’s death.  Her own meagre tears seemed insignificant.
Chapter 2 – Stories of the Past

It had been a sad and murky hafmon of unseasonable drizzle and sludge since the lite of the unicorn and, like the absent, grieving sun, Erina still couldn’t face the market square.  Again, she skirted round it, through Denkins lane to avoid confronting her memory of the dying unicorn.  The gut churning illness she felt every time she thought of the unicorn was more than enough.  In her head, she could still hear the ringing sound of the unicorn’s hooves striking the cobblestones, and the squeals of protest as it had struggled against the ropes of those who wished to restrain it for their own.  Erina sighed.  A lifetime would not make those terrible memories disappear.  Her life had changed on that lite more than she could have ever imagined, and none of it seemed for the better.  Worse, her unintentional part in the slaying had singled her out.  Meka especially, had taken extra interest in her torment, and Uncle Bower left the room every time she entered.  Being an exile in her own village was something she was still coming to terms with.  Erina cast a quick glance at the market square from between the houses.  Even with all the horrid memories she couldn’t help herself.  She hoped by some chance the unicorn would be there, magically re-instated, but it was not and she knew in her heart it never would be again.  Erina sighed again as she turned her thoughts away from the square and the dismal lite outside, pushed open the heavy wood doors of the Red Knackle, and stepped into the warm safety within.  

Erina rested her hands compulsively on the Weatherbench, hoping to use its solid coolness to help sort her cluttered and grieving mind.  Before she had reached her state of peace, she lifted her hand, perplexed.  Rather than calm cold, warmth crept slowly into her hand from the stone bench, followed by a tingling sensation.  That was the second time this hafmon that had happened.  The first had been the lite after the unicorn.  Although, what the connection between the now dead unicorn and the giant slab of cold stone, that had always stood in the front room of the Red Knackle, could be, she had no idea.  The sound of her Uncle’s voice echoing through from the guild’s small records chamber brought her quickly back to the reality she could understand.  Erina put away her thoughts of the unicorn and tingly feelings as the subdued sounds of people talking reminded her where she was, and what she had to do this nite.  She didn’t have a lifetime to wish the unicorn back, no matter how much she wanted it to be, she had work to do.  An unexpected meeting of Lofton’s guild had been called for a reason Erina had not yet managed to work out, and was not likely to before hand, as Uncle Bower continued to not recognise her existence after her public exhibition.  She quickly left the main room, disappearing through the back door into the kitchen, away from a newly arrived Guild Masters she had never seen before.  She would be busy enough without adding to this nite’s drama by not being prepared, and there were a thousand and one jobs that had her name on them.

‘Erina!  Erina!  You’d better get out here quick!’  Argos’ sandy brown coloured mop momentarily appeared in the kitchen doorway and disappeared just as quickly.
‘Why? Argos…’  Mystified by Argos’ request, Erina threw her tea towel on the bench as she chased Argos to the doorway of the meeting room.  The main meal had finished a fair while ago, as had dessert.  All that was left to worry about was the supper of scones, tartlets and cooled mulled wine, and of course the final clean-up.  Still without an answer, Erina peered curiously into the now crowded room, too frightened to enter as she tried to work out what had caused Argos to behave in this strange, urgent manner.  Although filled to over full, the majority of the velvet coated guild members she had never seen before in her life.  She noticed all eyes seemed to be on an old man she did not recognise either, resting comfortably in the great winged chair located next to the fireplace.  His hands, knarled with age old wisdom, wove tales in the air as the old man spoke, while his strange patchwork robe and wrinkled, grandfather-like features, kept the normally dominating Guild Masters respectfully and silently intrigued. 
‘I could tell you how the problems of this lite related to old gods and their chosen heroes from fruitful lands, who destroyed the time of plenty and cast us into the darkness we know now.  Yes, I could if I wanted, but I would much rather talk of the magic of the unicorn, and the maiden who can tame it.’  
The old man paused for a moment, allowing the whole common room to shift uncomfortably at the mention of the unicorn.  Erina, even though she knew she was not supposed to be in the room during a meeting, moved closer to Argos, whispering over his shoulder into his ear.
‘What’s going on?’  
‘He was telling about the return of Shadis Rebecca, and the rise of a new hero, which I knew you would want to hear, but now he seems to be talking about you, I think.’  Argos looked at her puzzled as he whispered back, ‘Do you know him?’
‘I’ve never seen him before.’  Erina looked closely at the old man, trying to work out what he was up to while trying to remain concealed behind Argos.  

The old man’s attention turned to her, smiling as if he recognised a favourite niece.
‘Ah, there she is, Tamer of the Unicorn, Messenger of the Age of Man.  Step forward child.  Step forward and claim your destiny.’  
The old man gestured for her to move to the centre of the room.  All eyes instantly focused on her, leaving Erina to shake under the intense scrutinising gaze, including that of Uncle Bower.  Erina cringed as he cast a warning glare of displeasure at her presence in the men only meeting.  She knew she would be more than spoken to severely later and face Uncle Bower’s full anger, something that made even Meka worry over.  Before she could even begin to think of how to handle this request, Uncle Bower moved from behind the high bench.
‘You’re not telling us about changes in the world, you’re talking about its end, old man.’  
The common room became deathly silent.
‘End of the world?  No, the world will not end, lite and nite will continue as it always has.’  The old man paused, shaking his head, almost laughing to himself for a brief moment at her uncle’s seemingly comical statement, before lifting his head and looking intently back at Uncle Bower, matching his stern gaze. 
‘No, I’m not talking about the end of the world.  I’m talking about the end of the age, the Age of Man.  An event I am sure, you, Hansgrafen, are very aware of, as is its means of salvation.’  
Uncle Bower dropped his crossed arms to his sides in defenseless surprise.  He didn’t take a step back, but he almost did.  Erina felt extremely unsettled by this.  For the first time in her life, Erina saw uncertainty and hesitation in her uncle.  Likewise, the atmosphere in the common room became tense, as if fear was strangling each person.
‘But now is not the time.’
‘It is now, the sign has happened.’  
The old man paused, allowing her uncle time to absorb his words and work it out.  Uncle Bower continued to stand, confused and shocked.  The old man continued, the patient look of a teacher accompanying his words. 
‘If you don’t believe me, go search your scrolls, Hansgrafen.’  
Without comment or response, Uncle Bower turned and left the room, pale and deeply troubled.  Several other Guild Masters Erina didn’t recognise, quickly followed, just as silently and as concerned.  The old man, completely oblivious to the panic he was causing, continued on unabated in a booming voice to those still remaining.  Like all those still left, Erina stood with baited breath for what this old man could possibly say next that could explain his cryptic, but apparently startling words so far.  
‘This world has gone through many ages, and many changes, and will continue to do so for many thousand turings more.  What is happening now will decide whether we enter a golden age of peace and wisdom, or slide into five thousand turings of pain and shadows.  No, this is not the end, but it is important to all our futures, and it will be decided by one person, the Tamer of the Unicorn’, the old man’s voice became gentle once more, ‘Who is still to step forward.’  
The old man looked intently, but patiently, at her with that guiding teacher look.  It seems he had decided to single her out as this Tamer, whether she accepted or not.
‘What should I do?’ Erina whispered nervously to Argos looking for some kind of moral support.  Women were not allowed at Guild meetings, they weren’t even allowed in the room once the dinner was over.
‘Run.  Back to the kitchen!’
‘What?’
‘Run.  Though, if I’d been you, I wouldn’t have come out in the first place.’
Erina looked at Argos in frustration as she desperately tried to think of what she should do. 
‘You’re the one who called me out here.’
Argos shrugged his shoulders, brushing off his involvement as he stepped back, retreating into the sea of on-looking faces.  Erina could feel herself shrinking back under the heavy gaze of all within the room.
‘Come forward Messenger, come forward that we all may know you.  Don’t be shy, come forward and tell your fellow men of the unicorn you have befriended.’
‘It’s dead.’  The flat toned voice floated from the back of the room.
‘What!’  The old man’s gentle, carefree face became dark with strange concern.  A great quiet held the tongues of all present until Erina, overtaken with nervous fear, ended it.
‘The unicorn is dead, killed last hafmon in the market square by the Hunters.’  Erina’s voice barely raised a whisper, but it was heard by all.
‘The unicorn dead… What have you fools done?’  The old man collapsed back into the wings of his chair.  Erina too, was shaken by the truth behind her words.  She still wished they weren’t true.  

Slowly the storyteller regained his composure, his shock now hidden behind thinly veiled anger.
‘Well, Messenger, it seems your battle has been made harder by your fellow man.  Maybe we should thank them for their mindless generosity.’
Erina, now feeling uncertain, took a nervous step towards the Weatherbench.  She rested her hand on the stone’s edge, seeking comfort from the solid surface.  From the far end of the room, Lothar stepped forward.  
‘I hunted the unicorn for two lites before capturing it.  I’m the one who gave the killing stroke, so it’s I who’s the real Tamer of the unicorn, not this girl slip.  She nearly made me lose it.’  Lothar punctuated his words with snorting that reduced her further to the status of nothing.
‘Lose it, you damn fool.  You simple minded idiot.  You’re the one who has destroyed our one hope.  Was its death worth it for you?’
‘Ah, you’re nothing but a crazy old man.’
‘Crazy, am I?’  The old man stood up, slamming his walking stick onto the stone Weatherbench.  A thunderous crack, like that of the loudest storm, reverberated throughout the room, causing Erina and the rest of the room’s inhabitants to cringe before the old man’s anger. 
‘Now you listen to me.  The world’s in peril, and she’s the only one who can restore the balance.’  Using his walking stick as an extension of his arm, he waved it agitatedly in her direction, drawing attention to her once again while he fell silent.  As the moment passed and the stretching silence allowed thought, the storyteller regained his composure, lowering himself back into his chair.
‘Is there anything left of the unicorn, anything at all?’
Lothar stood firm, his shoulders squared, challenging any one who refused to deny his supreme hunting prowess.
‘All there’s left of that monster is the horn I cut from its head with my bare hands.’ 
His stance worked on Erina, she felt intimidated, but the old man seemed not even to recognise his existence.  Instead the old man sat deep in thought, completely oblivious to Lothar, or anyone else still game enough to be in the room.
‘Its horn.  It might be enough.  Well, given there is nothing else, it will have to do.  Go and fetch it.’
‘Fetch it!  It’s mine, old man, not yours to demand!’  Lothar snorted again, dismissing the old man’s control.  Remaining seated and unaffected by Lothar’s attempt at imposing his dominance, the old man turned his full focus on Lothar.
‘It was the unicorn’s.  The mystical creature whose purpose was to bring about the beginning of the new age, and by doing so, banishing the horrors of the Shadis for another five thousand turings.  It is not a memento of your pointless life.  Now go and fetch it!’  
Erina stepped back, as did Lothar and the rest of the remaining Guild Masters, against the fierce onslaught of the old man.  Behind his grandfather wrinkles and sage appearance there was a fierce temper and controlling nature that Erina suspected few masters in this room could withstand, no matter their perceived rank or status.  

Lothar stood uncertain for a few moments as he tried to decide whether he would obey.  As the moment stretched, Erina could see Lothar regain his self assuredness.  Before he could regain full stature, the old man turned on him again. 
‘I said now! Cattle thief son.’  
Lothar stood visibly shaken, his face draining of blood.  Any attempted rally was smashed beyond recovery.  He stood only a moment longer before he, Lothar the Hunter, turned like a scolded child and hurriedly left the Red Knackle’s main room.  Erina peered cautiously at the old man.  How could he have known?  Even she had only ever heard rumours about Lothar’s family, and she had always dismissed them as idle gossip of Lofton’s overactive chatter network, and yet this complete stranger articulated a deep secret never spoken out loud till now.  Without any apparent further consideration of Lothar, or explanation of his intimate knowledge, the storyteller turned his attention back to her.
‘Well now, we have still to deal with you, Messenger of the Age of Man.  Are you going to be as troublesome?’
‘Only if you start saying horrible things about my family.’
‘I don’t think I have to, everyone here, I’m sure, is aware of your history.  It’s your future that’s much more interesting.’
‘What exactly am I meant to be doing in this interesting future?’
‘Why, you have been entrusted to bring about the beginning of a new age.’
‘And how do you think I’d achieve that?  I am just one person, just me.’
‘And that’s all we need, just you.’
‘But how?’
‘Your journey will start the lite after tomorrow.’
‘Journey?  Why would I be going anywhere?’
‘If you let me explain, you’d know already.’  The old man paused, waiting to see if she was ready to listen.  ‘Tomorrow we will choose your companions, and then you’ll begin the lite after.’
‘Do I have a say in this?’
The Storyteller looked blankly at her, as if she had just said something completely irrelevant.
‘Well, what if I say no?’
‘You can’t.  You’re the Messenger, you can only do.’
Erina looked around.  Every eye in the room was focused on her, waiting for her response.  Every part of her being froze under this intense gaze.  This couldn’t be right, she was a nobody.  She certainly wasn’t a hero or even a guild member.  She was a young girl whose greatest hope in life was to grow old after raising a family with a decent husband, and Erina considered that a far-fetched dream.
‘No, it’s not me.’ Erina shook her head as she turned and fled from the common room.  She couldn’t be the one, and he couldn’t make her believe it either.

Erina looked around at the spotless kitchen.  She couldn’t remember a time when it looked cleaner.  She had even scrubbed the lintel at the back of the hearth, but she knew it was all a distracting effort.  She knew she was putting off going back into the main room for as long as possible, well at least until the old man was gone, along with all those staring faces.  She sighed as she put down her cleaning rag.  She would have to go into the common room sometime to go home.  Likewise, Uncle Bower would catch up to her sometime.  It might as well be now.  Erina walked quietly down the narrow hall and peered into the main room.  It was empty.  She breathed a sigh of relief as she walked to the middle of the room.  She was going to get out without any further problem.  

Erina had nearly reached the metal strapped oak doors when quietly spoken words echoed across what she had thought was an empty room, sending a chill up her back.  It seemed she had not escaped. 
‘Come my little falcon, we must talk.  You have a long journey to prepare for, and not much time.’  
From the high-backed chair in the corner near the fire place, the old man turned his head, his eyes unswervingly on Erina.  Erina froze mid stride, her escape plan discovered and foiled.
‘But why me?’  
Erina looked at him curiously, as much challenging his reasoning as why he was still here.  The guild hall was not a tavern or an inn, it didn’t supply accommodation, even to the Guild Masters.  Occasionally, very important Masters or those close with Uncle Bower would stay at his house, which resided behind it.  The rest, Guild Masters, and all traders, stayed at the Boastful Boar outside the western side of town.  The guild was only where people came to meet, record births, marriages and deaths, organise sales, settle wills, discuss business, air problems and receive judgment on issues.  No-one actually stayed at the Red Knackle.  
The old man, oblivious to her unspoken concerns, continued.
‘That’s a question I’m sure every young hero asks when first faced by their quests, and the answer’s always the same.  Because you are you, and what is to be done, has to be done.’
‘But I’m not a hero.  I’m the last person who’d be one.  You obviously have me confused with someone else, someone who can actually live up to your expectation.  Someone like Meka who should do this, he’s strong and bold enough.’
‘It does not work that way.  You weren’t chosen because you’re the strongest or bravest. If it was that simple, any fool idiot like this Meka would do, I’m sure.’
‘Then why me?’
‘You still do not see, do you?’
‘See what?’
‘You are the chosen one because you are of the line.’
‘What line?’
‘The line of the Messenger.  Your life is tied to the legends of this age and to the very unicorn itself.’
‘But I’m not anybody.  I’m just…’
The old man cut her off smartly.
‘Who were your parents?’  
Erina stopped, quickly taking up defence against a new type of attack she suspected could be as painful as Lothar’s encounter.
‘My parents? My parents were killed in a fire.’
‘But who were your parents?’
‘I told you!’
‘No, you told me what happened to them.  You didn’t tell me who they were.’
‘I don’t know, they were just people, normal people, caught in the wrong spot at the wrong time.’  Erina, confused and threatened by this old man, probing through such painful memories she had spent so long hiding from, took a side-wards step, ready to storm out again.
‘Calm down. Calm down, little falcon.  It’s good to know there’s fire in you.  It gives the world, and especially me, hope.’  The old man smiled as he leaned back in his chair.  ‘I will tell you who your parents were, and who you are.  Your father, Brice Hanover, was a fishing merchant from Beedwyn.  He was a simple man who lived a simple fisherman’s life – or so he thought.  Your mother Kataline, on the other hand, was not simply a fish merchant’s wife who loved her husband and daughter dearly, she was a part of something greater, much greater.  She was the direct heir of ‘Errand the Warrior’, which makes you of the one line that is responsible for maintaining the balance.  A line so important that if it should falter or be broken, then the balance too would be broken.’  
The old man paused as if reliving a great pain of his own, but Erina barely acknowledged his sudden change of emotion.  She had never heard her real last name before.  She had always gone under Varley, which was Aunt Tana’s, without any thought of having another.  Nor what they did, or where they came from, she only knew they had died in a fire and left her alone in this world.  As for being the descendant of Errand the Warrior, Erina’s head began to swim.  Errand was, if it was the one she was thinking of, no hero in her mind.  He was fittingly called the Betrayer, who cast the world into darkness, a despised despot that no-one would ever willingly boast a connection to.  Now she was having this presented to her as the hinging excuse for the journey she didn’t want to deal with.

Without any recognition of her mental wanderings, the old man continued, his inner turmoil now reflected in his quiet, remorse-filled words.
‘But like all things in this world, I am not the only one who knew this.  Others, who had much darkness in their hearts, discovered your mother’s importance and tracked her down, and along with your father, killed them both.  Fortune did smile upon the world though, and you were saved, to be kept safe until the world needed you.’  The old man paused again.  A whimsical smile crept mischievously across his face belying his age and previous seriousness.  
‘You never did say what your name is, my little falcon.’
‘It’s Erina.’  Still shaken by the resurfacing terror of her family’s tragedy, she spoke quietly, glossing over the second appearance of the unasked-for nickname.
‘That’s not your real name, is it?’  The old man looked intently at her, through her almost, in a way that told her he didn’t believe her.
‘How?’  Erina quickly bit her lip.  Erina was not her real name, it was the name Aunt Tana had given her.  Aunt had told her once what her real name was.  She also told her to keep it a secret for her life’s sake, although she had never said why.
‘Say out loud your real name.  The time is now, little falcon, say it and claim your destiny.  You can keep it a secret if you wish, but you will need the magic in it to help you in the journey ahead.  Say it now, say it and begin to unleash the magic.’
Erina bit her lip shaking her head.  She had promised Aunt she would never say it out loud, and she would not break her word.  The old man pursed his lips, mildly annoyed by her resistance to his request.
‘Regardless of what name you use, you are of the line of the unicorn.  You are the Messenger, and you must do this - because no one else can.’  
Erina looked at the old man still not believing what she was hearing.  She didn’t feel any different no matter what his claim.  Slightly frustrated by her continuing difficultness, the old man took a deep breath before tackling her again.
‘You must realise, sometimes the most important things in the world are left to the responsibility of just one, single person.  It’s the blood that runs in your veins that has singled you out for this journey, but it will be the strength of your heart that will save this world.  Just as it has been for all before.’
‘But what am I meant to do?’
‘You must journey to the Isle of Cloud, and place the unicorn horn upon the Altar of Kings.’
‘But I’m a nobody.  Surely there must be someone else?  I’m not good at anything - really.’
The old man almost huffed.
‘No, it’s you and you alone.  Don’t worry, you will find the strength when the time comes.  You just need to look inside to find it - as have all those that walk the hero’s path.’  
Erina looked at him, full of doubt and uncertainty.  She wasn’t the one for this, no matter what he said.  The old man smiled at her again.  She knew he was trying to reassure her, but it wasn’t working. 
‘Don’t be afraid to carry the torch you bear high, for it’s your light that will lead the way for the rest of us, and in time, Messenger, it’s your adventure that will warm the spirits and keep the common folk round the fires on cold winter nites.’  
The old man fell silent as he returned his attention to the crackling fire, giving Erina the impression it was time to leave.  She hadn’t understood half of what had been said, she hoped she might, after she had time to think.  She began to turn towards the door.  

‘Before you go, Erina of the line.’  The old man spoke again, drawing her attention back.  ‘I have something for you.’  He ratted around in his pockets, finally procuring a yellowed roll of parchment, bound with a thin leather tie, from within the depths of his vibrant patchwork over-jacket.
‘What is it?’
‘I’m not really sure, but you are the best person to have it.’  
Erina glanced curiously at the scroll held out for her to take, wondering what new disasters it held for her life.
‘What’s in it?’
‘I don’t know, it’s not mine.’
Erina, confused by the old man’s words, reached out and took the rolled-up parchment.  He really wasn’t making a lot of sense.  She turned her attention to the ancient document, hoping it would give her more meaning than the old man’s tangled words.  Erina stopped, her hopes of achieving a sense of understanding dashed.  The first page was blank.  She looked questioningly back at the old man.  He simply smiled and nodded, encouraging her attention back to the blank paper.  Erina shook her head, wondering how much more foolishness she was going to have to endure this nite.  Then slowly, in the top left corner, a picture glyph emerged.  It was an image of a girl with light brown hair, dressed in a blue ankle length dress standing next to a white unicorn.  The girl’s hand rested against the unicorn’s muzzle.  Erina remember the peaceful sensation touching the unicorn brought, she wished she could experience that again. 
‘What does this mean?’
‘It’s the beginning of your adventure, see, there’s you with the unicorn.’
‘But how…’
‘It’s recording your story, the Messenger’s story.  I don’t know the exact how or why, only it’s from the old ones, whose magic has been long forgotten by our world, and it was meant for you.’
Perplexed, Erina looked to the second page to find an actual answer.  There, in the same top left hand corner, another picture appeared.  This one had three people in it and a unicorn.
‘Who are they?’
‘Why, that’s Errand the Warrior, he was the last Messenger of the unicorn.’  The old man pointed to each figure as he continued. ‘See that’s him, there’s his protector and the love he turned against.’  
‘But where’s the rest of their story, shouldn’t it all be here?’  Erina felt doubly confused by the lack of story, and the old man’s cheerful way of pointing out the Betrayer and the love of his life he murdered, as if it was all okay.
‘You’ll learn elven magic works by its own rules.  It will reveal itself when it’s ready, and not before, no matter how much you may wish it.  Besides, you wouldn’t want all the answers right now, would you?’  The old man looked at Erina, his face filled with questioning surprise.
‘Right now, I think I need to know everything I can.’
‘Youth, always too impatient to enjoy what’s here and now.  It’s late.  Go now, little falcon, for tomorrow you’ll begin preparations for your quest.’  
The old man shook his head as he turned away from her, wrapping himself again in thoughts and memories she would not be allowed to share, as he returned his attention to the crackling fire.  She still didn’t believe she was this chosen one.  She wondered how it could be she had so little choice about this journey, while others did.  Erina stopped as she held the two parchments side by side.  An unwelcomed chill ran up her spine.  Errand and Erina, the co-incidence and similarity of their names alone was just too uncanny.  

Erina turned, realising the old man had dismissed her in a manner not too different from Lothar.  She turned and looked back once more at the old man in the corner, now nestled deeply in the high-backed chair in front of the fireplace.  A mug of mead occasionally captured his attention as he held a deep, meaningful stare with the dancing fire, in what Erina could only imagine were his own adventures from long ago.  Erina paused a moment longer, wishing he would call her over to tell her he had made a mistake and it was all just a story, a silly one at that, but something in the pit of her stomach told her it wasn’t.  Her life was about to change she suspected, regardless of whether she gave her consent, or not.  Erina sighed again as she turned away from the old man and the soft glowing fire.  She headed towards the heavy wooden door that lead outside, now seeking the brisk fresh air and the calmness of the nite outside.  She hoped it would restore some order to the turmoil in her mind, and allow her to make sense of the events of this evening.  She also knew she should go home now, it was late, and Aunt would be wondering where she was.
Chapter 3 – In a Changing World of Blankets and Heroes

When Erina arrived home, she found Aunt Tana sitting at her bench in the hearth, grinding dried parsley for her dye mixtures.  With quiet, uncertain steps, Erina crossed the never uncomfortable distance, sat down next to her pre-occupied aunt, and began crushing fragrant herbs before tackling her inner most turmoil.
‘Aunt Tana?’
‘Yes dear.’
‘Who am I?’
Aunt Tana stopped grinding as she looked up for a moment before pressing heavily on her powder mixture again.
‘Now what sort of a question is that?’
‘I just need to know.’ 
Aunt Tana stopped again, this time letting go her pestle, signaling this topic was indeed serious and deserving of her full attention.
‘You are Erina.  Why, what’s wrong?’
Erina knew the confusion she felt on the inside was visible - at least to her adopted mum.  Aunt Tana always knew when she was upset.
‘Who was my mother?’
Aunt Tana froze with a momentary look of worry.  It was quickly replaced with her calm, I’m in charge, look.  Erina found comfort in that look, not everything had changed in her world.  
‘Your mother was Kataline, a dear friend of mine.  She married your dad, Brice, when she was not much older than you are now, and had you.  Why, what’s wrong?’
‘Who was she really?  She wasn’t just Kataline, wife of Brice, was she?’
‘Your mother was a special person, yes, she had to be to be your mother, there’s no doubting that.  But as to who she really was, I don’t know if she was more than the person I knew, but I do know you have her love of life and her spirit, along with a fair bit of her stubbornness.’  
Aunt Tana’s words did not remove the conflicting message her troubled look gave.  A heartrending look that told Erina, Aunt Tana was also struggling with wounds long borne.  A feeling she shared, as she grieved for a mother she could not remember.  

As the moment stretched and neither found resolution, Aunt Tana walked to a high-shelved cupboard retrieving a small box. 
‘I had always planned on giving this to you for your birthlite this turing, but I think you need it now.’  After a moment of obvious hesitation, she handed Erina a small engraved wooden box.  
‘It was your mother’s.’  
Erina had seen it before, but she had not known where it came from, or what was inside.  The excitement of beholding something of her long lost mother made Erina’s heart thump as she removed the leaf scroll carved lid.  Inside was a delicate silver ring, made in the pattern of two ivy vines twisted together in a never-ending spring rush.  It was the most carefully crafted ring she had ever laid eyes on, even more so than Ambyr’s signet ring her mother had given her.  Erina picked it up, holding it carefully in her palm.  It was cool to touch.  Erina slipped it on her third finger.  Instantly, it gave out a soft blue glow.  Erina saw her aunt looking at her.  A gentle smile warmed her whole face, as she brushed Erina’s cheek gently, pushing back stay hairs as she always did. 
‘You are your mother’s daughter.’
‘Why did it…’  Erina’s question trailed off, unsure what she was actually asking.
‘I don’t know.  I just know it was your mother’s, the rest you are going to have to figure out yourself.’
‘The old man said I was destined for this quest.’
‘Do you believe what the old man said?’
‘I don’t know.’  
Erina paused, reflecting on the bewildering string of events that, in a space of only a few hours, had turned her life upside down.  Right now, Aunt Tana’s unsurprised reactions was startling her the most.
‘How did you hear about the quest?’
Aunt Tana looked away, busying herself with replacing the lid on the tiny wooden box.
‘Your Uncle Bower told me, just before he left.  He also told me you were in the meeting room during the guild meeting.’
Erina cast her eyes to the floor, waiting for the berating lecture that would point out her incorrectness, as she wondered why Uncle Bower had left.  The moment stretched and still no scolding came.  Erina raised her head, preparing herself to face something she feared even more, Aunt Tana’s quiet anger.  Instead, she found Aunt Tana looking back at the hearth.  Confused and frustrated by her rapidly altering world, Erina spoke the first thing in her mind.
‘So you knew all along?’
Aunt Tana pursed her lips at her inappropriate questioning before smiling reassuringly, hiding from view what Erina had been unable to work out. 
‘Well, what ever happens and who ever you become, I will always be here for you, I promise.’
‘I can’t escape this, can I?’
Aunt Tana’s sad downcast smile confirmed her gut feeling.  Aunt Tana reached across and twisted the ring on her finger, changing the ivy leaf patterns alignment.  Warmth leeched from the ring to her hand.  Confusingly, it made her feel good, as though it was a missing piece that should have always been a part of her.  It made her feel as though she would never be completely alone in this world, that she really did belong - somewhere.  She looked at Aunt Tana.  She shouldn’t be angry at her.  There was no point being angry about everyone knowing except her.  It wouldn’t solve anything other than give her a whole lot of regret that would hurt her in the future, especially when right now what she really needed, was support.  She reached out to Aunt Tana, asking for her to hug her close.  Aunt Tana responded instantly, like she had a thousand times before.  Erina closed her eyes as she rested safe in Aunt Tana’s hug.  She belonged here too, even if only for a while longer.


Erina awoke to the sounds of a new lite, although it seemed one with more activity than usual.  She could hear familiar voices, some with uncertain tones, others expressed strongly in a manner that had always made Erina cringe.  Most troubling of all, Erina was certain they were all talking about her.  It seemed she now had to live up to the legends of their wild imaginations.  She wondered how long before they would instead curse her, when theirs didn’t come true.  Erina pulled at her feather quilt, tucking it under her chin as she took in the comforting sights of her room.  Aunt Tana, leaning against the dark stained wooden door frame of her room, looked at her again with that deep sadness that seemed to be consuming her from within.  Erina still did not like that look.
‘Why are they out there?’
‘Well, this lite, you’re going to start saving the world.  That’s what Mrs Wringlar said, so I guess the whole village believes it.’
Erina groaned as she dragged the quilt over her head, trying to ignore what was happening outside.  Her heart thumped loudly in her chest.  She really didn’t want to go out there this lite.  

From beneath the sanctity of her quilt, a familiar and much welcomed voice caught her attention.  
‘You still in here?’
‘Yes, and I’m not coming out.  Ever!’  Erina gripped the quilt more tightly around her, accentuating her statement.
Ambyr climbed under the blanket, joining her in her hiding place.  Isa too, now realising she was awake, poked her head under for the morning’s first pat.
‘Are you really going?’
‘I haven’t agreed to anything.  And I don’t care what Mrs Wringlar says.’  Erina spoke loud enough for Aunt Tana to hear as she determinedly gave Isa extra attention.
‘Well I’d go, I mean, travelling to an island and seeing the world.  It’d be so wonderful.’
Erina sat up grasping Ambyr’s hands. 
‘If I have to go, I want you there.’
‘I asked my parents already, and they said no.  It’s so unfair! I mean, just think of all the things you’ll see, and the people you’ll meet.  Like the golden tower of Far-le-don.’
The sage voice of Aunt Tana broke in on their hidden under-blanket world. 
‘That’s the other way Ambyr.’
‘Well, what about the Fortress of the North.’
‘Erina’s not going north either, dear, just west to the Isle and straight back again.’
‘You never know, it’s an adventure, anything could happen.  Just make sure to look out for wild animals, I mean like giant eagles, monoceros, bears and wolves.  You must definitely stay away from them, oh and bandits, there’ll be lots of them too, and slave traders.  Stay away from them too if you can, and rogue killers too.  Promise me you won’t let anyone kill you.  I’d be so upset if you did.’
‘Ambyr, this is not being very helpful, to Erina, or me.  How ’bout you change the topic?’
‘Well, whatever you do, you must tell me everything when you get back.  Oh, I wish I could go.’
‘I agree with your parents, Ambyr, it worries me enough that Erina has to go, but letting you two loose together would be an absolute disaster.’
Both girls fell silent.  Aunt Tana was right.  Ambyr’s mother always said no, mainly because the two of them always got into every sort of trouble when they did anything together, even something as simple as collecting apples.

Still hidden under her quilt, Erina picked up two of her most favourite figurines from the nook below the windowsill.  A prince and princess locked together in a swirling embrace of love, and the statue of a falcon perched on a stump.  She turned them gently in her hands, trying to ignore the world, as she did whenever she felt troubled.  Ambyr picked up a third figurine, a galloping horse with its tail raised like a flag to the passing wind.
‘You must remember to take them with you, so you have something to make you feel better when you miss home.’
Erina smiled sadly realising there was no escape now for her, this was going to happen no matter what.  Tears started to well up in her eyes.  She wasn’t ready yet.  
‘I will, but you must keep the horse so you don’t forget me.’  
Ambyr reached across, hugging her.  
‘I won’t ever forget you, just come home.’
The sound of tapping on the still bolted door caused Erina to sit back in growing apprehension as she listened to Isa and Aunt Tana’s footfalls leave the room, and then after a brief moment return.  Aunt Tana’s voice broke in on their secret world again.  
‘Erina, you’ll have to go outside soon.’
Erina huffed.
‘I’m not ready yet.’
‘You’ll only be able to stay under there a little while longer, before they think of coming in here and dragging you out.  And how much worse will that make you feel, when they unceremoniously man-handle, and most likely dump you just as gracefully in the dirt.’
Erina thought for a moment on Aunt Tana’s words.  Aunt Tana was right, she was always right.  She crawled from under her feather soft quilt and stood up, determined to face this forced responsibility with all the courage she could muster, leaving Ambyr still wrapped in the temporary safety of the quilt and their childhood.  Aunt Tana walked over to Erina, kissing her gently on the forehead.  
‘I have always known that you were special, now it is time for the rest of the world to see as well.’
Erina felt sad.  She knew she would be saying goodbye to her second mother very soon, a lot sooner than she had ever wanted to.

Erina emerged from the snug safety of her childhood home, leaving Aunt Tana still hidden in the shadows of the doorway and her tears.  The grumpy clouds above, that threatened a humid morning of storms and rain, did little to inspire confidence either.  Beyond the dry rock wall that bounded her home, a crowd had gathered, waiting for her.  The old man was among them.  He smiled a happy, white-toothed greeting as he shuffled towards her with a walk that matched his aged appearance.  Still smiling he took hold of her arm, drawing her into the crowd of waiting villagers, all the time ignoring the slight growl of the ever-vigilant Isa.  
‘Come little falcon, you have to meet the others.’
Erina looked questioningly at the old man as he led her past the front gate.  Among her rampaging thoughts, she wondered if he actually had a name, and if it meant ‘The trouble maker’.  Oblivious to her less than complimentary thoughts, the old man continued on.
‘You may be the one who has to complete this quest, but that doesn’t mean you have to travel alone.’
Erina peered cautiously again at the old man in hopes of unraveling his riddle, and perhaps escaping the next disaster she could feel fast approaching.  The crowd that had gathered in the central square gave way to the passing of the old one, the Messenger, and her dog, allowing them to reach the base of the platform at the far end with no hassle.
‘Here.  Here are the companions who will guide and protect you on your journey.’  
Erina stopped mid stride and sighed heavily.  Aunt Tana had already said she would be taking Isa with her, but it seemed she truly had no other luck.  Her life could not get much worse, she was sure of it.  Before her stood three people she knew well, one for the wrong reasons.  Meka, Lofton’s pride of emerging manhood, stood imposing as always and doubly annoyed.  His undeniable strength was second only to the grand illusions he held of himself, whereas his regard for her was equal to that of mud on his boots.  The thought of undertaking this quest with Meka as chaperone was one she couldn’t find much hope in.  In fact, she wished she could give up now.  She had no hope at all of surviving this situation.

To his right was Hartney, Ambyr’s brother and Meka's right hand man.  Erina never had an actual problem with Hartney.  Ambyr, Hartney and herself had spent many a summer lite chasing willie-tails and mischief through the north fields, and shared more than a few packed lunches when they were younger.  It was his increasing friendship that found him always around Meka over the past turing that now made Hartney someone to step carefully around, even if he held no grudge or malice against her.  Standing slightly behind Hartney with his usual quiet reserve was Argos.  Argos and she had always been close friends, the bond mainly because his father, Uncle Bower, and her step mother, Aunt Tana, were cousins.  As for this journey, although both Argos and Hartney would try to stop Meka bullying her, neither were real defence against Meka’s torments.  Erina looked back at Meka again and huffed.  The journey was shaping up to be a rough and unpleasant event at best.  She wondered if the old man realised how much danger he was really placing her in.

Erina looked around at the many familiar faces of her life in the now foreign crowd, looking for hope and guidance out of what she was considering to be a hopeless situation.  Even though she was surrounded by a sea of childhood kith and kin, no-one offered any support.  Instead they stood silent, waiting for her to do something.  Erina thought madly of what she should do.  In final desperation, she turned to the old man beside her to provide some sort of guidance.  The old man gave none, instead he only looked eagerly back.  It was up to her it seemed, not that it made it any easier.  Then she came up with a strange idea.  She turned, and with an exaggerated motion, she nodded at each of the three selected companions, as if in acceptance of them and the duty they have been chosen for – even though she literally had no choice in the matter.  Meka snorted with disdain, vocally refusing to accept the fact that his part in this quest required her approval.  

The old man, now apparently happy with her staged performance, stepped forward and raised his arms.  
‘It is done.  The Messenger has chosen her journey companions.  May your names be remembered by your actions and join the Messenger’s in history.’  
The gathered crowd cheered, dragged lock, stock and barrel into the increasing fiasco.  From behind her, Erina could hear a strangled noise.  She turned to see Meka’s face colour with livid rage, no doubt at the thought of being an accessory to her.  Meka stiffened his back as he met her gaze.
‘We’ll be leaving at the break of lite - be ready.’  
Isa instantly sprang to intercede, responding to Meka’s aggressive tone with a growl that frightened most.  Erina rested her hand on Isa’s back, calming her and at the same time comforting herself.
‘And keep that mutt away from me.’
Unable to maintain his composure against his over powering distaste, Meka brushed past her in a manner that spoke volumes.  Erina sighed inwardly as she tried to hold her own pretend smile.  She knew her biggest worry was not so much this crazy quest, of which she had no understanding.  Her all-consuming concern at present was how she would ever survive this journey with Meka, even if Isa did more than threaten to tear his throat out.
‘Don’t worry, he’s only showing off for the crowd.’  Argos smiled as he patted the still ruffled Isa, before turning to watch the departing Meka storm out of the market square.  Erina, still stunned by the whole lite so far, also watched Meka stride his way through the crowd.
‘Somehow I get the impression he believes he should’ve been the Messenger.’
‘Well, compared to you, he is bigger, stronger, faster, jumps higher, rides horses better.’
‘Thanks for the vote of confidence.  It means buckets.’
‘Oh yeah, he can throw them further as well.’
‘This is going to be an very long, painful trip, isn’t it?’
‘Only if you disagree with Meka’s thoughts of not wanting you on this journey.’
‘If I could, I’d make him the Messenger!’
The old man turned and gave her a cheeky grin that did little to comfort her.  
‘Yes, but it doesn’t work that way.’  
‘It doesn’t allow anyone to have a choice either, does it?’  Without realising what she was saying, Erina spoke out her thoughts.
‘Oh, it does, and there’ll be plenty of decisions to make, some of them will be immensely important.  So, I’ve decided to help, by making a little one for you.’
‘Is your purpose to make my life miserable?’
‘Well you did say Meka was the strongest and bravest.  Who better to have along?’
‘Given that choice, I’d rather travel alone.’
The old man gave her another light-hearted smile that did nothing but annoy her, before turning and leaving the platform as the growing throng of friends and familiar faces pressed closer, all wanting to wish her, and the companions of the Messenger, luck.

Erina tried to think of how she could undertake the journey without Meka.  She was certain she would be better off alone, although that was not the ideal situation either.  She had never been any further than Garton Lake on the west side of the village.  Not that Meka had been much further either, but he was the strongest person she could think of who she was certain could stand up successfully to anyone that might attack them while they travelled, besides Uncle Bower, who was still absent without word.  She began to think maybe she did need Meka, although in a way that still made her feel like her life was hanging precariously on the end of a thin limb, of an aged tree, that clung desperately to the side of a bottomless crevasse.  What she needed to work out was which way was going to be the most uncomfortable.  Meka had taunted her for the best part of the last four turings with ever increasing intensity, and now they were told to travel together across the great expanses of this land, far beyond their own small lives.  No, she would have more hope sitting in the tree.  Argos’ voice broke through her thoughts.  
‘Don’t worry Erina, I’ll be there to protect you against Meka, and anything else.’
Erina turned and smiled at her cousin as she tapped him on the arm.  Argos’ words gave her a little comfort, but she still needed a lot more to make her feel good about this journey.  She turned and pushed through the throng of villagers, to look for the old man.  Isa followed as vigilantly as always.  She needed to talk, and he was the only one with the answers, or so she was hoping. 

Erina found the old man in the Red Knackle again.  It seemed he had appointed the guild hall as his personal residence.  He stood at the far end of the room, his curved-topped walking stick dangling haphazardly over his right arm as he continued deep in conversation with Aunt Tana.  Erina stopped, she knew they were talking about Argos and herself on this journey, yet for some reason she felt like she was an intruding child.  She stood sheepishly just inside the doors, pretending to take an interest in the condition of a nearby table so as not to interrupt, but her gaze was drawn to Aunt Tana’s sad and downcast face.  It wasn’t something she was used to seeing.  Aunt Tana had always been her solid rock when her own life became turbulent.  As if finally noticing her presence, the old man looked to her, still standing nervously by the front entrance.  Aunt Tana looked at her too, casting her one more uncertain but encouraging look, before turning and leaving through the kitchen doorway.
‘Ah, my dear little falcon, are you all ready?’
Erina brushed off the pet name he had installed on her as she watched after Aunt Tana, curious as to why she would leave without talking. 
‘No one has ever told me your name.’
‘I’m simply known as Story Taler.’
‘You do have a real name, don’t you?’  Erina knew she shouldn’t speak like this, she had been told over a hundred times by Aunt Tana not to be so outspoken, but she knew she would never find out anything if she didn’t.
‘Yes.’
‘Then what is it?’
‘I told you, Story Taler.’
Erina huffed, this was going nowhere.
‘Fine ‘Taler’, what happened five thousand turings ago, and what am I meant to do?’
Taler showed no recognition of her forward questioning and instead launched enthusiastically into his response, almost happy he had such a dedicated audience. 
‘The true tale of Errand the Warrior is one few have ever heard, and fewer can remember.  My grandfather told me the story one cold winter’s nite, when beasts and wild winds howled at our door.  He told me it was a tale to be told only when we were in our greatest need, when the nite seemed most dark, for it’s not a nice tale with a happy ending, and befits the shadows of despair.  Yet I believe it’s a tale of hope, a tale of courage, a tale of how one person can make a difference.’  
The old man paused, allowing the full meaning of his words to soak in while he took a seat on the bench next to the Weatherbench.  Isa, noticing the fireplace area was now vacant, reclaimed her territory with a grateful plonk.
‘At the end of the last age, just before it fell, when elves lived and prospered in the sunshine of the world they had created for themselves, a unicorn was found.  Just one, and most of the elven world rejoiced at its discovery, for its existence was said to be proof of how wonderful their world really was.  They welcomed it into their midst, claiming it would make their community prosper.  But not all of the elves thought like that, some even called it a blasphemous monster against creation and wished it destroyed.  Disharmony began to ripple through their land.  Then a hermit came forward, much like myself I’m proud to add, and he spoke of a prophecy from the beginning of time.  A chance every five thousand turings to have the world balanced and aligned again through the birth of a new age, and the death of the old one.  This prophecy was heralded by the discovery of a unicorn.’  
The old man paused again in his tale, motioning her to take a seat at the Weatherbench before continuing.
‘Now, the Messenger of that age was a dark elf named “Errand the Warrior” and he was of the most undeserving and vile nature, who, even though he was of the most sacred blood, as you are, sought only to spread evil.  The gods will be forever questioned for the decision to make that elf their messenger.  Still, he was the Messenger, the only one who could undertake this journey, and with him travelled the hope of the world.’  
The old man fell to silence again.  This time it lingered and stretched.  Erina, still struggling with the idea of being singled out as the Messenger, sat now plagued by doubt and worry as she became aware her inherent nature and inner strength were being called into question, before she had even begun.  Made all the worse by the obvious similarity to her name.
‘What happened?’
‘At the first chance, he betrayed the world and slaughtered the unicorn, and his love, leaving both the quest, and the world, undone.  Magic left the world, and without magic, the elves became simply men and their golden age of peace and understanding fell into darkness and pain that lasted a thousand turings.’  
The cold bluntness of the old man’s words chilled her to her bones.  As the old man continued, Erina sat silent, her inner feeling of self doubt clearly evident, while the weight being placed upon her squished any sense of excitement she once held for adventure.
‘You must realise, your journey is the most important thing our age has ever known.  It’s going to be your hand and your hand alone, my little falcon, that brings about the elevation, or the destruction, of mankind.’  The old man paused a moment, smiling reassuringly as he continued.  ‘You have a great strength within you, only you have not yet acknowledged it.  You will need to find that strength and learn to use it, if you are ever to complete this quest set before you.  And you will face a great many dangers.  Some of them you will be able to recognise, many you will not, not until it is too late.’
Erina shook her head, even more now than ever wanting to refuse this journey.  Destroyers, world enders, inner strength.  She had no hope of achieving anything but a disaster.
‘I don’t even know where I’m going.’
‘There are markers to guide you.’
‘Five thousand turing old markers?’
‘They’re there. You’ll just have to keep your mind open to the world around you.  You must always remember you are not simply one person, but the one.’  
Erina again brushed off the status he was trying to impose on her.  She would always be just a simple, unimportant nobody like she always had been.
‘How long do we have?’
‘The age will turn not quite two moonths away, on the nite of the full moon of Adita, the last nite of summer.’
Erina stopped.
‘That’s my birthlite.’
Taler grinned secretively as she made the surprising, coincidental connection.
‘Do you still question, why you?’
Taler picked up her hand and placed it on the central stone Weatherbench.  He closed his eyes, muttering without noise.  The ring on her finger began to feel warm, spreading until her whole hand tingled with that strange warmth and glowed with an iridescent blue light.  
‘But first, you must awaken the power in you.  Say out loud your true name.’
Erina shook her head, refusing his attempts still.
‘Then say it quietly under your breath.  I promise I won’t listen, but you need to say it.  The power within you cannot be awoken otherwise.’
Erina paused as the old man closed his eyes tightly.  She still didn’t want to break her most promised oath, yet once again it seemed she had no choice.  Erina drew in a deep breath and spoke as silently as she could, what she had sworn she would never say out loud, hoping that by doing so would make everyone realise she was not the one.
‘Aeronwyn.’
Erina couldn’t help but gasp as small, twinkling pinpoints of white light rose from the blue glow of the Weatherbench.  With an ever so faint tinkling sound, the lights floated high into the air above her head, before spreading out across the room.  
‘How did you do that?’  Erina asked as Taler lifted his head and opened his eyes again.  He smiled as he looked up at the fuzzy white lights that still skimmed above his head.
‘It wasn’t me, it’s the power in you finally awoken.  It’s always been there, and it’ll be there when you need it to light the darkness we face, and by your shining light, you will lead us all through this time.’ 
Erina looked doubtfully at the old man.
‘But why has that only just happened?  I’ve touched this bench a thousand times, and nothing ever happened like this before.’
‘Because the unicorn has only just appeared.  It’s a key to the magic, as is this bench, as are you.  It’s one of those markers I spoke to you about, a remnant of the elven age that still remembers magic and the time of the elves.’
The old man stood up creakily.  He bowed deeply to her before leaving the room, silently without another word.  The air above continued to shimmer and sparkle as Erina sat alone in the guild common room, trying to digest the last few minutes.  What Taler had said was not possible by her reasoning, but something within her told her he was right, there was something that needed doing, and that was something that her doubt couldn’t quite extinguish.  The sparkling lights were just the icing on the cake really.
Chapter 4 – A Legend is Born

The crowing of a time-keeping rooster announced all too soon the arrival of the lite she really didn’t want to happen.  By the time she had emerged from the sanctuary of her childhood home, most of the village had already crowded in the central square, under another sky of cloud, to farewell Erina and her three brave companions.  She noted with growing concern the sun had not joined the congregating masses.  It hid instead behind grey, threatening clouds that did nothing to brighten her mood.  She was sure this was a sign of things going wrong.  She glanced at the three figures that were her travelling companions and protectors.  They were little more than boys.  A feeling of hopelessness swept over Erina.  How would they manage this?  None of them had long left childhood, and yet here they stood on the brink of a journey to save the world.  Erina turned despairingly to the Guild Masters, also on the raised platform, hoping for a last chance to ditch this journey.  Uncle Bower’s ever reassuring face was still not among them.  Erina could feel herself begin to tremble with uncertain apprehension.  Uncle Bower had always been there as a guiding figure, not just for her but the whole town.  Surely starting this quest with him still absent was a mistake?  She studied the other Guild Master’s composed faces, looking for similar concern.  No, apparently not.

Rexarton, second of the masters, and who had designs to be Hansgrafen, stepped towards Erina.  In his hands was the golden unicorn horn.  He held it up above his greying head, showing it to all before placing it in Erina’s hands, bowing as he did so.  
‘To our chosen Messenger and her courageous guides, we pray the gods watch over them as they journey far from their homes, and give them the inner strength and speed to complete this task.’  
Erina looked around the crowd, trying to find an escape from the closeness of Rexarton.  She had never felt comfortable around him.  When she was a child, she had thought he was a demon from one of Uncle Bower’s tales because of his pinched eyes, long, narrow nose, thin lips, and stench which stung her nose that she now knew was stale wine he drunk too much of.  It made perfect sense that someone like him would have close connections with the seedy like of Lothar the Hunter, now Lothar the Unicorn Slayer.  Yet this lite, his favourite broodling was nowhere in sight.  In fact, she had not seen Lothar at all since the nite in the guild room, even though the horn had been handed over.  She suspected he still wasn’t happy about the loss of his prize, or the way Taler had humiliated him.  

Erina turned her focus from the sleazy Rexarton as she realised, everyone, including the normally attention controlling Guild Masters, was waiting for her reaction.  Bemused and completely unsure of what she should do next Erina look back over the familiar faces in front of her.  This had all become some sort of game to the Masters.  A chance, perhaps, to regain some face after the slaughtering of the unicorn, or to get themselves into the legend in a better light than they deserved.  She turned her attention back to the moment.  All the tales she remembered had the journey start off heroically, but Erina didn’t feel much like a hero.  Even Meka, with his puffed-up demeanor, didn’t seem much like a hero.  She guessed those epic beginnings were preplanned and carefully orchestrated to give that everlasting impression.  Maybe she should have thought of something memorable to say.  A real hero, she mused, would know what to say, she was sure of it.  The crowd continued to stand in muted apprehension, awaiting her next move.

Erina squared her shoulders.  Perhaps she could play this game too.  She lifted the horn straight up with one hand, brandishing it so all could see.  Without warning, Erina found herself blinded by light as the sun broke momentarily through the heavy cloud cover.  The awestruck crowd began to cheer, some even fell to their knees while they watched her suddenly become bathed in the early morning sunlight.  As she regained her sight she giggled to herself.  It was all Erina could do not to laugh openly.  She made a mental note not to try acting like a hero any more.  The old man, who had stood quietly to the side while the masters paraded their importance, walked slowly, with age-stiffened steps, to the front of the platform.  With a well practiced ease that matched the skilful games of the masters, the old man raised his arms high, drawing the villager’s attention to himself.  
‘And now Messenger, let your quest begin!’
Meka, now standing beside her, whispered in a voice meant only for her. 
‘Go to your horse, but stay behind me, Erina.  Way behind.’  
Meka strode off, his chest puffed as he attempted to heroically lead the adventurers to their mounts, prepared and waiting near the market square entrance.  He set his jaw in his favoured position of dominating contempt as he stepped confidently down the platform, causing the crowd to part.  His hand conspicuously placed on the hilt of his sheathed knife, that hung from his belt in the same manner of the hunters.
‘Is this to your liking?’ Erina replied through a fake smile.
‘That will do for now.’  

As they passed the obelisk at the far end of the market square, now mounted and with Isa following close behind, Meka spoke again. 
‘Take one last look, guys.  It may very well be your last.’
‘That’s very comforting.  You’re a natural born motivator.’  Erina hissed from between clenched teeth, but she looked anyway.  Something told Erina it would be a long time before she saw this sight again.  With that one last look back, Erina tried to remember every detail of the white-washed mudbrick houses, the shingled roofs, the smoke drifting lazily from freshly woken fires, and the stone walls that held all that was important in her world in its place.  She just hoped this final glance would be enough to sustain her until then.

After an hour of solid trotting in a generally western direction, along what she had been hoping was actually more than the cow track it appeared to be, Erina slowed Faren to a walk.  She wiped the sweat from her face again as she looked to Isa, who had also slowed from a lope to a walk, her tongue lolling.  Even with the cloud cover, it was hot, which befitted the time of summer it was, but only made worse the fact she wasn’t quite sure what exactly they were doing, or how they should go about it.  
‘Meka, we need to stop and plan which way we’re going.’  
Meka trotted on, ignoring the fact she had even spoken.  Argos slowed his grey gelding, Smock, to a halt and looked to Meka.  
‘She’s right Meka, we’ve left the village, but where are we heading?  None of us have ever been past Angel Flats.  Does anyone have any idea how far this Isle of Cloud is, or even if this is the right way?’  
‘Yeah Meka, what are we doing?’  Hartney too stopped as he turned to his decision maker.  Meka dragged his equally pig-headed, bull-necked Ranock in a wide circle back to the waiting group.  He paused, looking straight through Erina as if she had never existed.
Erina, annoyed at both Meka’s inconsiderate attitude in general and his inability to make a genuine leadership decision, looked to the open plains dotted with prickle bushes that lay to the west.  A heat shimmer distorted the foreign landscape to an even more alien terrain.
‘I think we should follow the south road through Angel Flats and…’
‘Think!’ Meka allowed Ranock to shoulder-push Faren as he barged in on Erina’s words, ‘You weren’t chosen to think, just carry the horn, act pretty, and stay alive.  The rest is up to us.  I say, we head straight west and ignore the roads.  It will save time and end this stupid game sooner.  That is, unless anyone else has got any other ideas?’
Both Hartney and Argos shook their heads meekly under Meka’s intense gaze.  There wasn’t anything really to say.  Erina still bit her lip, she had learnt long ago to avoid Meka’s rage.  It was a painful lesson she would rather forget.  Meka arrogantly turned and began walking westward without further comment.  He had spoken, and would suffer no other responses.

Erina sat with only Isa to silently keep her company, as she watched her three assigned guides happily ignore her through the dancing flames of the fire.  The boys were fully engrossed in their newly acquired knives, bragging loudly of their unbreakable and supernatural abilities.  Erina knew Meka and Hartney had been given theirs by their fathers for this journey, and as such were now treasured possessions to boast about.  In Uncle Bower’s absence, Aunt Tana had taken it upon herself to organised a substitute father gift-knife for Argos.  With its damascus blade and dark red wooden handle, it was a blade that was in no way diminished next to Meka’s or Hartney’s, regardless of its female giver.  Erina had a small, white, boned handled knife too, given to her by Aunt Tana, just in case she needed it.  Even though she was every bit as proud of it as the three boys were, she dared not show them.  Weapons were not acceptable for any woman to have, something she knew Meka would happily remind her, and enforce, if he found out.  Nor was that the reason she sat on the other side of the fire, alone.  For one thing, she didn’t feel much like talking, especially with Meka who considered her an insignificant joke.  Not that Isa would allow him near her anyway.  The main reason for her solitude was she was tired.  Her legs ached, along with her feet, shoulders, and back.  It was the most amount of riding she had ever done.  Erina conceded Aunt Tana had been right, her horse Bella would not have made it, she just wasn’t up to this sort of work.  Not only that, the lite had been an overall disappointment.  They had ridden all lite in the sweltering heat and had seen nothing.  Not a cow, not a bird, not another living thing.  It had been downright boring and hot.  She hoped the rest of the trip wasn’t like this.  

Enjoying the peace, Erina continued to sit happily in silence away from the others, carefully sorting and re-organising her pack.  Her goal was to place her blue pinafore dress in a manner to have as few wrinkles as possible.  She knew she would wear it again in the near future, especially when in towns and the like, but for now, trousers, shirt, and sleeveless tunic were much more practical clothing for the endless riding and heat.  No matter how much Argos ribbed her about looking like a boy, or Meka’s complete disgust at her new, unconventional attire, she wasn’t about to give them up.  She was able to move with a lot more ease, and her skirt wasn’t always getting caught on prickly bushes or dead sticks.  Besides, Aunt Tana had suggested and organised them, and if Aunt Tana thought it acceptable for her to wear an outgrown set of Argos’ clothes, then as far as she was concerned, there was nothing to snigger about.  That didn’t mean she hadn’t completely abandoned being a girl, she still kept on Ambyr’s beaded bracelet.  After all, she had promised she would wear it.  

Digging further into her pack, Erina came across her figurine of the miniature dancing prince and princess.  It was a silly thing to want to bring, especially when she was regretting the weight of her packs, but it gave her comfort and at the moment, anything that brought that sort of ease in her life and was able to be carried hidden in the palm of her hand, was not a waste.  She knew she wasn’t a princess or anything like that, regardless of this crazy quest.  It just represented what she wished for, true happiness like they seemed to have.  She gave it one more squeeze before hiding it in the folds of the midnite blue scarf Ambyr had demanded she pack, in case she needed to dress up for a formal occasion.  Meka would taunt her endlessly about both if he knew.  Under the scarf, she felt something else she had been looking for.  Checking carefully first that none of the others were taking interest in her doings, she pulled out the now folded parchment Taler had given her.  She opened it on her lap, hoping the elven paper could tell her something about the future.  She looked at the first glyph in the top left hand corner.  It was still the picture of her standing next to the unicorn.  Next to it, two more image squares had materialised.  The first was of her standing on Lofton’s central platform, bathed in sunlight with the villagers bowed in reverence and astonishment.  The unicorn horn, held high above her head, radiated a halo light over her and the three figures of Argos, Hartney and Meka, including them as the bringers of hope and destiny.  She smiled as she chastised herself, definitely no more pretend hero stuff from now on.  The third, and final glyph on the page, was of the four of them riding across the flat barren plains they had just come through.  Meka, ever defiant, was leading, Erina noted.  She was curious how the pictures magically appeared but was more embarrassed by the fact it was her story, well the horn’s anyway, being laid out on the page before her.  She wondered if she really looked like that to other people.  Maybe not the tale, but the image of her, with her non-descript face, exaggerated nose, and not exactly slight frame.

Still embarrassed, she quickly turned to the second page.  It too had extra glyphs on it.  The first was still the same, with the three graceful elven figures and the pure white unicorn.  As she studied it closely she wondered if it was the same unicorn, an immortal-type spirit that appeared every five thousand turings, or if each time they were different.  It certainly looked the same in the glyphs, although that didn’t really say much as the glyphs were all stick-like and idealised.  Even though only a picture, Erina felt moved by the sadness portrayed in the unicorn’s eyes, the same way she had been by the beast in the market place.  Surely, they were the same.

Their second glyph was a scene of a parade.  The three elves were dressed in flowing, pure white robes, fastened at the waist with gold belts that matched the trim on their robes.  The unicorn walked proudly beside them along a golden path, with glittering banners snapping triumphantly overhead.  Rows of elves cheered on either side of the gleaming road, throwing streamers and flowers upon the heroic trio as they embarked on their legendary journey.  Erina thought about how exciting it must have been and wished she could have been there too.  She shook her head as she thought back to her own journey’s commencement, and smiled realising her own glittering moment of glory had happened too.  The third glyph was of a forest, bathed in sunlight, with the unicorn and the three figures walking together, all happy and carefree.  Erina sighed wondering what it would have been like travelling with the unicorn alive.  She sighed again, she would never know now.  She brushed her hand across the drawing of the unicorn, trying to feel its velvet coat again.  

Popping sounds of the fire brought her back to reality.  She looked around quickly, making sure the others had not seen her magical elven pages.  She folded the parchment and made a mental note to be more careful as she put them safely back in the bottom of her pack.  She half heartedly ate a few more mouthfuls of the brown muck that had been called tea before getting into her bedroll.  Hartney and Argos were still sharing tales and jests while Meka listened, sharpening his new, unused knife.  Erina sighed again.  As she patted the exhausted Isa, she wished Ambyr was here.  She couldn’t understand why the old man hadn’t pick Ambyr as one of her companions.  At least she would have had some kind of company.  Erina snuggled into the hard ground as best she could, dragging her cloak blanket tightly around her against the growing cold.  She hoped tomorrow would be a better lite. 

When dawn came Erina gratefully began walking west again, just as the old man had vaguely instructed them.  She had decided to walk for a while first, leading Faren.  She was too sore to face the saddle yet, and last nite had been a cold shock to the system.  Walking helped ease the numbness of the teeth-chattering nite that even the special feather down cloak blanket Aunt Tana had made for her, did not save her from.  She hoped every nite was not going to be like that.  As she walked, she noted the landscape had deviated from the open plains of Lofton to prickly salt bushes, some taller than her head.  Erina wondered how long it would take them to reach the Isle of Cloud.  She really didn’t have any idea of distance.  Until now, she had never been any further from town than Garton Lake, which was halfway to Eyfod-Tac, a good lite to the north-west of Lofton, which seemed to have taken a lifetime as she remembered.  Taler had told them to pack as much as they could, whilst at the same time to pack as light as they could, although right now she wished she had packed an extra blanket.  So obviously Taler meant they would be a little while, if they needed so much food and had to ride horses.  On that reasoning Erina figured it should take them about a hafmon, but definitely no more than a hafmon and a half.  Beyond that it would be ridiculous to expect a group of just four ordinary people to venture into the unknown, especially if their cause was so important.  What she couldn’t work out was why they had to leave so early.  They had seven hafmons to get there, and Erina was sure he didn’t mean them to travel for the whole seven hafmons.  If it did, it would cause her to miss the Rosebud dance, held the lite after her birthlite.  Erina sighed at the unfairness of it all.  This was the turing she was coming of age.

As Erina continued on thinking of the stupidity of following a crazy old man’s stories, a voice she didn’t recognise rudely dragged her back to reality.
‘Grab them!’ 
Still leading Faren, Erina looked up to see two shaggy, ill-kept ruffians step from behind a large salt bush, and block the pathway.
‘RUN!!’ Meka shouted as he barged, shoulder first, into the two would be captors.
Trying to evaluate the rapidly changing situation, Erina looked around.  The clearing was now full of coarse, rag-clothed individuals.  Making a split-second decision, Erina bolted with Faren in tow and Isa snarling at her side towards what she hoped was freedom through a gap in the circling men.  A set of firm, resisting hands that disagreed, stopped her, while a second set ripped Faren’s reins from her hands.  Another assailant, brandishing a lump of wood, smacked the defending Isa with a single bludgeoning blow, sending her motionless to the ground.  Erina looked back over her shoulder for Meka, Hartney, or Argos, hoping one of them would help her, but it was a vain hope.  Argos and Hartney were already restrained and disarmed by the olive-skinned marauders, who were a clear foot taller than Argos.  Meka was pinned under three more, still resisting as his bullying nature refused to allow anyone to put it over him.  Erina, on the other hand, stopped her futile struggling as she acknowledged the situation.  There wasn’t any hope of mere boys over-throwing this number of solid men.  Besides, the less attention she drew to herself the better.  Well that was her hope.

A short, thin wiry man appeared in the centre of the ring of captors and the four misfortunate travellers.  The stench of aged sweat and filth drew Erina’s attention to every word he said, as she wished she could be even further away.
‘Well looky ‘ere.  What’s a group of nice kiddies like yous doin wanderin all alone?’  
One of the marauders handed the newest bandit Hartney’s foot long dagger.
‘Nice kiddies with sharp teeth.  I think I’ll hang onto that, wouldn’t want yous to hurt yourselves by accident or anything like that.’
Erina looked at the grimy, jeering bandits holding them captive, trying to hide the terror she felt.  She was glad she was wearing her forbidden male clothing and the hood of her cloak to shield her head and hair from the sun.  Unless they looked too closely, she looked like a little brother of these three, well, that was what she hoped they would see.  Without trying to look obvious, she scanned their faces, trying to find some clue or advantage that might provide a way out.  She stopped cold as she recognised Lothar and Teft, Lofton’s terrible hunter duo.  She suddenly felt a wave of fear sweep over her as Lothar met her gaze.  By the look of seething malice that twisted his face, Erina could see Lothar knew who she was and that she had the unicorn horn, which he considered his.  Erina tried to remain calm, even though she could not be invisible, as Argos answered.
‘We’re heading west to the coast.’ 
Meka gave out a gurgle as he was gagged and hog-tied, drawing the attention of friend and foe alike.  Erina was surprised by the brigands almost jumpy reactions.  She looked again at Lothar, her heart racing.  He knew the truth of their journey and of what she carried, yet said nothing.  Instead, he continued to stand silently to the side, with a look of scorn and disgust for a moment longer, before quietly slipping out of view and disappearing, along with Teft, from the clearing and the company of his fellow bandits.  Erina wondered what he was up to and what he was planning if he was not going to say anything now.  Stranger still was the fact Lothar was not the leader of this ragtag group of thieves and low lifes, a first for him.  Erina added this strange behaviour to the top of her rapidly growing list of worries.

‘The west coast you say.’  The lead brigand shifted his attention back to Argos, bemused.  ‘That’s a real long way for a bunch of younglings.’
Behind her she could hear the raiders begin to scavenge through their packs.  Erina thought of her precious figurine and hidden knife being revealed, she now felt stupid bringing such trivial and forbidden things along.  Her worry grew as she feared their persons being searched as well, especially when they worked out she was the female owner of the gossamer scarf.  Then again, finding the unicorn horn strapped to her back would make their journey over without really having begun no matter how she thought about it.  Their only saving so far was Lothar had left already, although why he did when he knew what she carried puzzled her enormously.  Erina glanced hopefully but as inconspicuously as she could to the crumpled form of her childhood pet for signs of life.  Isa remained completely motionless for more than an uncomfortable moment before Erina saw an ever so slight ribcage movement.  She was still alive, for now.  Erina turned her attention back to the brigands.  They too were puzzling.  They didn’t look like proper brigands, not like the ones she had heard of.  None of them wore swords or those fancy hats that typically defined them, in her mind anyway.  Wearing basic wool tunics that were as covered in dirt and grime as they were, they looked more like simple farmers driven over the edge with desperation.  Erina wondered what caused them to band together as a raiding party.  She had heard the season past had not been great, but it was not this extreme. 

Argos’ voice, filled with annoyance at their gear being raided, brought her focus back to where she was. 
‘Who are you?’
‘Us? We’re nobodies.  We used to be somebodies, but not anymore, not since the Gall-Sed.’
‘The who?’
‘The Gall-Sed. You know, the Gall-Sed.’  
Argos shook his head as he looked questioningly at the head brigand.  
The brigand stepped back with weary surprise. 
‘You’ve not ’eard of ’em? Hey Norry, these kiddies are wanderin round by ‘emselves and they’ve not ‘eard of the Gall-Sed.’  
The other brigands erupted into riotous laughter, all cackling at them.
‘Well, what are they?’ Argos snapped back, annoyed even more by being made a joke by his captors.
The lead brigand turned and leaned towards Argos, whispering in his ear half hissed words. 
‘Death from darkest ’ell.’
Argos went green.  Erina guessed the putrid body stench of the lead brigand had added to the intensity of his words.  Argos began dry reaching, trying his best not the throw up, as Hartney picked up the conversation.  
‘I don’t understand.’ 
‘You will, if you keep goin west.’
From behind them came a cheer. 
‘They’ve got food!’  
The brigand stopped and smiled.  
‘Looks like it’s gonna be a good lite after all, fellas.’  
Hartney, fidgeting with worry, spoke up. 
‘What are you going to do with us?’
‘Nothin, but it’s very nice of yous to give us all this food and strong ’orses to ride.’  The lead brigand, as he settled into the saddle on Ranock, turned to his mates, ‘I always said the plains ’ave the nicest people.’  
Several of the brigands laughed in agreement.
‘Lets go guys, times a-wasting.’  
Without ceremony or consideration, the three brigands restraining Erina, Argos and Hartney roughly pushed them to the ground where Meka still laid hog-tied, before jogging to follow their fast disappearing felon friends now mounted on their newly acquired horses.
‘But our food!’  Hartney spoke quickly as he rolled to his feet.
‘It looks wonderful and we thank you.’
‘But aren’t you going to leave us any?’
‘What for, you can’t eat when you’re dead.’  The lead brigand called over his shoulder as he trotted out of view as quickly as they had entered it.

Once out of sight, Erina dashed to the still form of Isa.  She was still breathing.  Argos quickly joined her, dribbling a little water over Isa’s face to try and bring her round.  Isa responded, whimpering as she slowly raised her head.  Erina breathed a sigh of relief before turning questioningly to Argos to deal with her next pressing problem.
‘Lothar didn’t say a word.  He could have taken the horn and had us killed, but he didn’t.’
Argos, likewise confused, shook his head as he answered.
‘It doesn’t make sense.’
Hartney spoke up as he helped untie Meka.  
‘Anyone else notice his face was bruised?’
Erina stopped.  She hadn’t noticed any bruising on Lothar.  It seemed her natural fear of him had clouded any other thoughts or observations.  Behind her Meka grunted with disgust as he flung the last of his bonds to the ground.
‘Whatever the reason, I want to be away from here, and him, now.’
‘We’re gonna need food.’  Argos spoke flatly, also annoyed by the end result of their recent adventure.
‘Hey, I know, we can go to Eyfod-Tac.  It’s a little way north, I know, but dad’s cousin, Caster, lives there.  I’m sure he’ll help us.’  Hartney, with his ever-positive attitude, dismissed both Argos’ and Meka’s demoralised mind-set.
Meka bent down and began collecting his discarded items.  Erina stood nervously waiting for Meka to comment on the scattered items from her pack, in particular her scarf that half covered Meka’s extra tunic.  All he did was flick it off with disinterest and stuff the tunic uncaringly back in his pack.  
‘Looks like we’re walking to Eyfod-Tac.’  
Without waiting for a response, Meka started walking, leaving the three adventurers and the limping Isa to pick up the remnants of their possession before following the already powering Meka.  It seemed he still refused to do anything at anyone else’s pace.  

Down-trodden, dispirited and miserable, the five miss-matched figures continued on towards Eyfod-Tac in drudgery and silence.  Fighting amongst themselves seemed pointless, especially now, when the whole world was out for them and they still seemed so insignificant.  Worse, their packs were now much lighter in a way Erina wished they weren’t.  Erina was suddenly very glad Ambyr wasn’t here, what gloss there was on this adventure had definitely worn off, and she wouldn’t have wanted to see Ambyr harmed in anyway.  Ambyr would never have worn trousers, not in a thousand turings, which could have made the bandit misadventure even worse.  The encounter, as it was, was bad enough.  Erina huffed.  If this was any indication of the rest of the quest, it was going to be a long hafmon and a half.
Chapter 5 – Flames of the Future

Crows uncountable perched warningly, threateningly, on the remnants of the dilapidated fence girding the stony road to Eyfod-Tac.  With beady, hunger-filled eyes, the midnite birds watched the five hapless travellers.  In a secret crow language, they murmured quietly to each other the evil Erina could see in their black eyes.  A shiver ran up her spine.  She was sure it wasn’t natural for them to sit so quietly and in such large numbers, just watching the nervous and very insignificant journeyers move through undoubtedly what they considered their exclusive territory.  She wondered with troubling curiosity what sort of town would allow a murder of crows as their welcome path.

‘That would have to be the freakiest thing I’ve ever seen.  Did you see how many there were, a hundred at least.  Do you think they meant anything?’  Hartney, forever innocent, announced his thoughts out loud, relieving his own, and everyone else’s tension. 
‘I don’t think I want to know what a hundred crows sitting on a fence watching means.  I’m hoping they’re a good omen, otherwise we’re in a lot of trouble.’  Argos stopped dead, his jaw dropped wide, as if he wanted to eat his words.  In front of them, a group of people with shovels, axes and poles in hand moved threateningly towards them.
‘That’s them.  I seen them, they stole Harman’s cattle!’
‘Get them, string ’em up.’
Erina could feel her own jaw drop in matching surprise.  At the head of the mob was Lothar.
‘They stole everything they could in Lofton, cows and jewels, it didn’t matter, and before they could be brought before the guild bench, they disappeared.  I was sent to warn yous, but they’ve already started here, with Harman’s mob.’

Erina couldn’t believe her ears, she had never stolen a cow, or jewellery, or even a piece of bread.  Although that mattered little to this mob, Erina could see they had already made up their mind.  
‘We need to get outta here, now.’
Erina glanced at Argos who voiced what she had been thinking.  Meka, for once, nodded in agreement without any attempt to be the one issuing the orders.  Without a single word, he turned and followed the already departing Argos.  Erina too, sprinted as fast as her legs could carry her away from the rapidly advancing mob.  Isa, still limping badly, tailed closely behind.  Erina had never been a fast runner, although she was quicker than Ambyr, and once even Hartney, but right now she felt like she had wings, and the need for them.  Inspired by the brutish voices that hurled less than friendly suggestions behind them, Erina kept up respectably with the fleeing Argos, Hartney, and Meka, in a fashion that would have given her a sense of pride normally, if she wasn’t so terrified.  

Like the other three, Erina kept running until they had caused the town of Eyfod-Tac and its most unwelcoming residents, to be beyond the eastern horizon behind them.  Only then did Erina allow herself to collapse in a crumpled heap of ragged breathing next to the likewise exhausted Argos.  The sound of her heart beating in her ears had driven out any noise made by the pursuing mob a long time ago.  A moment passed before Isa finally caught up.  She flopped down, exhausted, between the two of them giving out an occasional whine of pain between laboured panting.  After another minute of gasping breaths, Meka spoke, a new level of annoyance spilling out with his still staggered breath.
‘Well…, I’d say, that was the most successful disaster, I’ve been dragged into.  The next time we meet, I’m gonna smack Lothar.’
Argos, just as puffed, voiced his annoyance too.
‘I’m not going into another town again, well none round here, not with Lothar already telling lies.’  
Hartney completed the trio’s complaints.
‘Bet you he stole all that stuff and is blaming us.’  
Meka, now slightly recovered, growled.
‘Wait till we get back.  Lothar will never be allowed in Lofton again, ever.’  
‘That’s if he doesn’t get us first.’  Argos’ bluntly pessimistic words flattened the mood.

Erina shivered.  Lothar, it seemed, was still decisively upset with her in a most dangerous way.  Being an experienced hunter, he was an enemy that far exceeded her, especially in this deadly game he was controlling.  The best they could hope for was to stay low, and hopefully slip through his grasp.  The whole situation was horrifying to Erina, especially being accused of being a thief.  She wondered how Uncle Bower would react on his next trip to the other Masters, being told his son and niece were wanted for theft.  She hoped he didn’t get too angry at them before they had a chance to explain their side.

Erina sighed.  She knew the real reason behind Lothar’s lies.  It was to get to her, and get back the unicorn horn.  This was definitely more than she knew how to deal with.  Meka took back what control he could with a tone that reinstated himself as another monster, that perhaps Lothar should fear.
‘Well, it looks like our picnic is over.  We take nite watches, and if necessary walk at nite, until we’re out of Lothar’s reach.’  
‘You don’t honestly think he’d kill us, do you?’  
Erina smiled sadly at Hartney’s slightly shocked response, he had always believed in, and looked for the good in, others.  Argos stood up, his breathing now returned to normal.  He picked up his pack and started walking west again.  
‘I don’t intend on letting him prove you wrong.’    
Erina followed, sighing.  This wasn’t fun anymore.

The sound of faintly muffled voices stirred Erina from her restless sleep.  She was exhausted and beyond worn out, yet something made her strain to listen to the harmonious, bell-like notes of these dream creatures talking on the edge of her consciousness.  In truth, she wasn’t sure if she was awake, she guessed probably not, it felt like a dream.  If this was real Isa would be barking, even with her current injuries, warning noisily away anything she considered a threat to her mistress.  Since Isa was not, Erina accepted this was another dream and let it unfold in her mind, listening as best she could to the two melodic voices, the first one male, the other female. 
‘I do not see the Protector.’
‘He cannot be far, she is in great need.’
‘Let us hope he is stronger than I.’
‘It wasn’t you who failed, you did all you could.’
‘Until the balance has been restored, I will carry the blame.’
‘Maybe she can redeem it for all of us.’
‘Do you believe that?  Should the world believe that?  How do you know for certain what lays in her heart, whether she too will turn her back on the world when it needs her the most?’  
The male voice sounded distressed, causing Erina to stir further and open her eyes.  On the edge of her sleep-crusted vision stood two iridescent figures.  Both slender and glowing with the palest blue light, they appeared flawlessly angelic.  Erina looked at them more closely, taking in their silvery features and gracefully embroidered, long, flowing robes, stopping as she realised they had pointed ears – which were definitely characteristic she would not normally expect to find in a couple of by-passing observers.  Still uncertain if she was awake, Erina watched the captivating dream creatures as the female elf continued.
‘I don’t know, but I must believe.’
‘This is not a time for weakness.’  The male elf stood, still distressed.
The female elf responded gently but with a solid hint of defiance. 
‘No, it’s not, it’s a time for action and hope, and she is the only hope we have, and I will stay here and help where I can.  It’s the only thing I can do.’  
‘I do not know if I can stand to see it happen again.’
‘I understand if you cannot, it is your choice, as it is mine, as it will be hers.’
‘She seems timid and delicate.  How can she stand up to what lies ahead?’
‘With our help, cousin, and with the help of all that is good in this world.  We must believe, else all is lost before it is begun.’
The male dream figure sighed deeply.  ‘I know.  You have always been able to see the best in the world.  I will go now and try to stop it from finding her for as long as I can.  Farewell cousin.’ 
The two iridescent blue figures embraced before the male walked off and disappeared into the nite.  The female elf turned to Erina where she lay half awake.  With a gentle smile she raised her hand. 
‘Sleep.’  
Erina fought for a moment as she began to realise she had dreamed of the female elf before, and who always wanted her to sleep.  Erina wondered who the female elf was.  She liked her.  She was calm and caring but sad at the same time.  She wondered if it was her mother, her real mother, some fragment of memory she carried deep within her now surfaced in this dream.  She wished she knew more about her.  The female elf waved her hand again in her direction.  Erina gave up trying to fight and dove gratefully into a deep, restful sleep.

Erina felt her self being shaken, she wondered if the elves were back.  The shaking continued. 
‘Erina!’  
She heard her name being whispered, but it wasn’t the melodious bell sound she had heard earlier. 
‘Erina, wake up.’  
She stirred.  It was Argos shaking her.
‘What?  I’m awake.’
‘We’ve got to go, something’s coming this way.’
Ignoring her aching muscles, Erina rolled instantly to her hands and feet, all memory of the sweet elves swept from her mind as a new threat of this nite replaced it.  
‘What?’
‘I don’t know, but Hartney says there’s a lot of them.’
A shiver of fear ran up her spine as her mind filled with visions of brigands scouring the dark for unaware travellers.  She quickly signaled Isa as she grabbed her cloak and, together with Argos, joined the impatient but silent figures of Meka and Hartney at the top of a small rise.
‘Is it the brigands again?’  Erina asked nervously.
‘No, something much worse.  An army!’
The small group peered terrified from between the waxy evergreen bushes onto the plain they would have journeyed across tomorrow.  Erina breathed in deeply as she realised what she saw were the many countless campfires of an army.  She didn’t know much about numbers, but to her this was an army big enough to destroy the world.  
‘Could they be the Gall-Sed the brigands talked of?’  The fear in Argos’ words transferred quickly in the dark.
Meka still spoke firmly, but a lot quieter than usual.
‘I don’t know, but whoever they are, we’re going to have to find another way to Eyfod Forest.’  
Hartney nodded.
‘I agree, I really don’t want to meet these guys.’  
‘Yeah, something tells me they’re not going to be very nice.’  Meka’s normal dominating aggression seemed to have disappeared with the peace of the nite, leaving just basic determination.  Fear began to take hold of Erina just by watching the unknown army from this distance.  Argos took the lead, giving a sense of calm they all needed.
‘Well, we could head straight north past Roseford and then head west again.  Maybe we could beg some food, that’s if Lothar hasn’t been there too.’
Meka nodded as he responded with their next course of action.  
‘North it is, ’cause I don’t think we have any other choices left.’  Erina agreed.  There seemed to be no other way.

Erina continued to watch with a disturbed fascination as the campfires below flickered with the constant movement of unseen figures.  Something seemed to be happening, although she couldn’t quite work out what.  From the darkness beyond, a gong sounded, a rhythmic clanking that grated on the ears and cast fear into already worried hearts.  Then a beasterous howl was heard.  It was joined by others until the inhuman baying all but drowned out the gong.  Stirred by the animalistic howl, Isa leapt forward, ears pricked and ready to hunt down this challenging new foe.  Erina grabbed Isa, pulling her back.
‘No Isa, stay here!’  
Erina could feel chills crawling up her back.  A warning that grew until it screamed at her to leave now, but curiosity held her wide-eyed to the spot.  The baying continued until it reached a deafening level, and then the sound of the gong and the overlaying baying was joined by the beating of drums.  
‘What’s happening?’  Hartney had to almost yell to be heard.
‘I don’t know, but the flames, they’re moving.’  Argos’ response caused all of them to look in hope of trying to find their own answer to Hartney’s question. Erina remained crouched silently beside Argos, Meka and Hartney, her arms wrapped around Isa’s neck, holding her close as all of them peering into the darkness with the same captivated bewilderment she felt.  The small pin pricks of fire appeared to move, first in disorder, then gradually in a strange, not quite randomness, until ordered rows of fire resulted.  The line began to move forward.  As the rows moved they left a trail of fire, burning all that was.  Excited howls reflected the alarming spread of the growing flames.  Destruction seemed to intoxicate them.

Wind drifted across the plain.  Hot air filled with choking smoke signaled the destruction heading their way.  The group scampered back behind the ridge, the moonlight now distorted by the orange glowing smoke.
‘They’re burning everything on purpose.’  Erina spoke up, horrified by what was coming their way.
‘Looks like they’re the Gall-Sed the raiders talked about.’  Meka huffed, audibly annoyed by the newest obstacle.
Argos spoke softly, giving voice to a fear they all felt.
‘There’re so many of them, how can anyone stop them?’  
‘They don’t, they just get out of the road and hope for the best, just like the brigands did, just like we’re going to.’  Meka reassured them with the same inspiring tone that always gave no confidence or comfort.
‘What about home, they don’t know they’re coming.’  
Erina looked at Hartney, his innocence once again reminding them of the things that really mattered.  Argos jumped to his feet.
‘We’ve got to warn them.’    
The notion of these things, these Gall-Sed, reaching their home, their place of childhood memories, was a sickening thought.
‘I’ll do it.’  Hartney spoke up, a look of sad resolve marking his features.  ‘Guys, I can’t continue on if I know there’s nothing to go back to.  If we’re meant to save the world, I want to be sure there’s something worth saving.’
Meka moved to disagree.  Erina knew he was concerned about the group he believed he should control, being separated.
‘It’s alright, I’ll leave now and won’t rest ’til I get there.  I’m not worried about being alone, and you two have to keep going with Erina, she will need you more than I will.’
Meka paused for a moment as he weighed up the options, before he reluctantly nodded in silent acceptance.  Erina spoke up as she rubbed the aching Isa on her neck.  
‘Hartney, can you take Isa home too?’  
Erina didn’t really want Isa to go.  She was in many ways the only protection she felt she had, but she knew the blow from the brigand’s club was more serious than she could treat on the move.  Hartney smiled as he gave Isa a quick head ruffle.
‘I’ll get you fixed up, old girl.’
Hartney, now decided in his path, reached his hand clenched in a fist to Meka in their childhood handshake-handknock, followed by a silent farewell hug.  Hartney turned to Argos, repeating the same handknock and embrace.  Argos pulled out his dagger and offered it to Hartney.
‘Na, Argos, you keep it.  You guys have a long way to go.  Erina.’
Hartney hugged her tightly, squeezing the breath out of her lungs before releasing her once again.  She knew this might be the final time they would see each other.  The memories of childhood games faded, good and bad. 
‘Good luck.’  Erina offered with a sincerity she often bestowed upon Hartney.  ‘Make sure you look after Ambyr for me, and Argos.’
Hartney smiled gently back, masking his own fear.  
‘I will, and make sure you come home.’
Taking advantage of this one last moment Erina continued.
‘Oh, you need to tell Ambyr, Argos has done nothing but talk about her all this damn trip. ‘I wonder what Ambyr is doing?  What do you think Ambyr will say if I slay a dragon?’’
Argos, red faced and wordless, pushed her to shut her up.  Meka, sensing the game, added his own.
‘Just tell her Argos said he loves her.’
Argos turned on Meka.
‘Enough guys.’
‘Well you do, don’t you?’
Argos dropped his head, hiding, what Erina assumed was, a new shade of beetroot as Meka continued his commentary.
‘It’s all right, lover boy, I’m sure she’ll swoon into your arms the moment you get back, regardless of how little you actually do.’
Not really dealing too well with the dangers that kept tackling their innocent journey, Erina couldn’t help herself and joined Hartney in a fit of quiet giggles at Meka’s sudden romantic impersonations.  

Back under control again, Erina hugged Isa a final time.
‘You be good and go with Hartney, so Aunt can get you better.’
Hartney nodded a final farewell before turning and briskly walking off into the darkness, back the way they had come.  Isa followed as best she could.  After a few steps Hartney bent down, scooping up a solid, arm-length branch to act as a club.  Their carefree lites of childhood it seemed had ended, all too suddenly.
‘We’d better get moving too.’  Meka spoke quietly as he cast one last glance at the departing Hartney before turning.  The sounds of the drums continued as smoke drifted over them.

Erina waited silently next to Meka in a large clump of scratchy bushes whilst Argos carefully scouted the ridge.  The three remaining companions had scampered as best they could in the dark until they had reached this point, where they could proceed no further.  After a few minutes Argos returned, his face grey and his eyes full of fear.
‘What’d you see?’  
Erina could hear uncertainty in Meka’s voice, a tone that did not inspire any confidence in the moment.  Argos, oblivious to Meka’s question, merely sat deep in thought.  
‘Argos!’
Argos roused himself, blinking as he returned from his lost place. 
‘I couldn’t see them, but I could hear them.  They’re all through the gully ahead.  We’ve got to go back.’
Erina spoke up in her quietest voice so as not to be heard by anything bar Meka and Argos.  
‘I don’t think we can, I heard noises behind us while you were scouting.  I think we’re stuck.’
‘What are we going to do?’  Argos almost groaned with defeat.  Meka scowled with annoyance at something else not going his way.
‘I need to have a look.  Argos, you stay here with Erina, I’ll see if I can find a way.’
Argos shook his head.  ‘We can’t stay here, they’re coming this way.’
‘Did you see them?’
‘No, but they’re searching like crazy on the other side of the ridge.  We really need to go now.’
‘Okay then, that only leaves straight west again until we get over the rocky outcrop.  I’ll go first and signal for you to follow.’  
Without giving either Argos or Erina a chance to object, Meka moved off, leaving them to simply follow.

Erina had no idea what these Gall-Sed were, but she had a gut-wrenching feeling they were a bad thing.  She scurried along behind Meka and Argos, under the soft light of the smoky, waning moon, until gruff voices brought her flight to a grinding halt.  Stuck behind a large rock, Erina cringed at the vulnerable situation she found herself in.  Meka and Argos signaled frantically from their newly achieved hiding spot some five paces away on the other side of an open space.
‘Come on, we’re nearly there.’
‘You can make it, but you’ve got to go now.’  Meka continued to wave frantically for her to cross the open space in an ordering manner, but firelight flickered further down the gully, cast shadows that would not allow unseen passage.  
‘They’ll see me.’  Erina whispered as loudly as she dared.
The light from the unseen fires grew brighter, pushing the protective shadows back further and leaving even less darkness for Erina to hide safely unseen within.
Meka growled silently with annoyance but Erina refused to move, something told her she should not move - not yet.  The sound of rustling drew nearer.  The best she could guess was the noise was the Gall-Sed hacking at the undergrowth with swords or the like.  A gravelly voice drifted angrily in from not too far away.
‘Have you found anything?’
Erina peered vainly into the nite, trying to see who the voice belonged to, but darkness seemed to wrap a shroud over them, blocking their true selves from the world.  A second voice, even closer, triggered a new wave of fear in Erina.
‘Nothin.’
‘Well, keep looking ’til you do!’  The voice was male, older, more powerful, commanding and uncaring.
After a short moment, the other guttural voice resumed.
‘Why do we scurry around looking for these four when we have those others already?’
‘They’re not the ones we’re looking for.’  
‘But they came from Lofton.’
‘Only their stuff did, they’re not the ones.’
Erina gasped.  The nearing voices gave her the answer she didn’t want to hear.  They were looking for them.
‘Well, I’m getting tired of being told what to do.  I just want to taste flesh.’
‘Patience, when your blood finally runs true you’ll understand this is a game we choose to play, and when we have found what we want, then we’ll slit her throat.’
A shadow stretched across the ground in front of her.  Just two more steps and she would finally see the face of these Gall-Sed, and they would find what they were searching for.  Erina continued to hold her breath as the Gall-Sed stood no more than an arm’s reach away.  Only two more steps by the Gall-Sed and this whole quest would be over, only two quick steps and she would be across the open ground and away from here.  The Gall-Sed fell silent.  Erina strained to hear whether they had discovered her.  The moment stretched.
‘Well, I don’t care.  If she wants them, she can come look for them herself.’
Erina let out a grateful breath as the Gall-Sed’s voice retreated out of hearing.  Without a second glance, Erina bolted across the open, bare ground to the waiting Meka and Argos, and the hopefully unpatrolled land beyond.
‘They caught the bandits that took our stuff, and now they’re looking for us.’
Argos flailed his arms around in an unusual display of panic.
‘Well that’s great, they steal our stuff saying we won’t be needing it, ’cause we’d be dead, and they’re the ones now squealing to these Gall-Sed.  At what point does that seem right?’  
Erina blurted out her own fears.
‘What’s worse is they know we’re here.’
‘Whatever happens, we have to keep moving.  Well, are you right to go now, Erina?’  Meka stared at her impatiently, sarcasm dripping from his words at her previous rebellion against his authority.
‘Yes.’  She looked back with mild annoyance veiled with regularly practiced meekness.  She wondered what he would have done in the same situation.  Somehow, she suspected it wouldn’t have involved a heroic dash.

Erina sat with her back against a large grey rock, trying to keep warm without a fire as Meka and Argos discussed what they should do next.  Their illusions of having escaped the clutches of the still unseen Gall-Sed had held until an hour ago, when the drumming of the Gall-Sed army again brought their northwards journey to Roseford to a halt.
‘We have to find out what they’re doing.’
Erina shook her head in disagreement, raising her voice only to a scared whisper.  ‘It’s too dangerous.  We should just leave.’
Seeking danger had never been a favoured hobby of hers, no matter how many times she seemed to end up in it of late. 
‘No, not ’til we find out.  You guys wait here.’  
Argos moved to protest, but Meka firmly restrained him by the shoulder, silencing any objections.  
‘We need to know what they are and what they’re doing.  Argos, you’re in charge - if I don’t get back by dawn.’
Erina watched the departing figure of Meka as he disappeared into the shadows, perhaps, she worried, for the final time.  She had never much cared for Meka, he was overbearing and self-centred, but at this moment he was one of the few things she could cling to that was familiar and gave a sense of security.  Argos, looking for his own security, came and sat next to her.  She huddled willingly against him for warmth, her cloak pulled tightly around her.  Argos, she knew, wasn’t her real cousin, but that had never made a difference to either of them.  They would always be family and would always be there for the other when the need arose, like right now.  Troubled by the current events, Erina spoke as quietly as she could.
‘The odds seem against us, don’t they?’
‘Whatever this quest is, it sure must be important.’
‘I don’t understand any of this.’
‘Neither do I, but it seems the rest of the world does, and so we must now too.  Do you think reaching this Isle of Cloud will do everything the old man said?’
‘I’m not sure.’  Erina paused, considering the silliness of the situation.  ‘It’s not a good sign, is it?  I’m the supposed chosen one, and even I’m not confident that it’s true.’  Erina paused again.  It didn’t seem that funny after all.  ‘Do you think Hartney will make it?’
‘I hope so, I really do.’
Erina stopped her worrying about Aunt Tana and Ambyr as she looked uneasily at the bushes to her left.  She was sure someone was in there watching them.  It wasn’t the first time she had that feeling in the past couple of lites and most often it was connected with Lothar.  She’d tried to dismiss it as paranoia, but that unsettling feeling would just not disappear.
‘What are you looking at?’
‘I don’t know.  I keep getting a feeling we’re being followed.’  Erina shook her head as she answered.
‘Who would be following us?  Besides everyone.’
Erina sighed with resignation, Argos was right, it seemed everyone was after them.  She ignored the feeling and turned away from the bush.  If there was someone there, there wasn’t much she could do about it.

Another hour passed while the sounds of the rhythmic drums continued, pierced occasionally by a shrill scream or cracking noise.  Argos and Erina waited in the darkness for Meka, not game to move, yet terrified of staying any longer.  Erina found herself trying to work out what the strange irregular cracks were, but thankfully her imagination really didn’t want her to find out.  Some things, she guessed, were better left unknown.  A second hour had dragged by before the figure of Meka appeared once more from the shadows.  Argos beside her breathed a sigh of relief that matched her own.  Without pausing for greeting or reconnaissance comment, Meka walked to where Erina was and gently grabbed her arm, helping her to her feet. 
‘Come on, Erina.’  
Erina stood shocked by his gentle tone.  This was not the Meka she had grown up with, or even the Meka who left two hours ago.  She looked at him to make sure she wasn’t imagining things.  Meka had changed.  His face, no longer masked with arrogant pride, was now lined with a deep worry and a weight as though the world had been placed on his shoulders.  As Meka’s gaze met hers, her step faltered as she was taken aback by the intense sorrow.  Gone forever was the childish and foolish, self-centred behaviour he had displayed so often.  

‘I’ve got to get you to the Isle of Cloud, that’s the only thing that matters.’  Meka, with his hand still protectively holding her arm pulled her to move.  Erina looked from the now changed Meka back to Argos, hoping to make sense of it all.  Argos too stared at the new version of Meka.  
‘Meka, what did you see?’
‘Our future if we don’t get Erina to the Isle.’  
Meka continued at his determined pace, leaving Erina little choice but to follow.  Erina knew of no reason good enough to make Meka stop, and what he wasn’t telling them was obviously important enough to keep them moving.  Argos followed with a confused but worried look.  She knew he didn’t quite understand Meka’s reaction either, but given Meka’s intentions were that strong and overpowering, Argos could not find reason to refuse to follow either.
Chapter 6 – Warning Owls

Erina continued to rummage through her pack as her stomach grumbled loudly, reminding her she hadn’t eaten since the brigands had stolen their food packs and the horses carrying them.    
‘Surely they left something for us.’  Erina huffed.  Along with the food, they had also taken her cooking pan, wooden bowl, and spoon, further emphasising the distance between herself and a tasty meal.  All she had left was her dress, an extra heavy tunic, and a few odds and ends that pointed out how incapable she was.  When she said she had hoped for something a little more exciting on the first lite, this wasn’t what she had in mind.
‘Well that’s it, we’re going to have to rely on what we can scavenge.’  Mumbling with stomach growling disappointment, Erina looked blankly around her.  She could see red-brown rocks, shrubby bushes, dirt, and scabby grass, but none of it seemed edible, not unless they wanted to try a leaf salad. 
‘Maybe we could find something like a rabbit or a deer.’ 
Erina looked dubiously at Argos.  She knew he was a great fan of his father’s tales of the golden age heroes, which they were far from.  In his tales there always seemed to be plenty of food.  It seemed to fall out of the sky, or be hanging on tree limbs willy-nilly, waiting to be plucked by a passing hero in the midst of an exciting, but dangerous adventure.  Erina thought of Isa, missing her again.  She might have been able to catch something, if she wasn’t injured.  She watched Argos now with mild amusement as he looked around for a suitable weapon or trap.  Remembering the knife hanging at his belt, Argos pulled it out and waved it around, as if slaying delicious, imaginary beasts.  With only an oversized kitchen blade in the hands of a just-man, it really wasn’t promising to be a great hunting session.
‘Argos, maybe you could hurl it at something and it will fall down.’  Erina giggled to herself as Argos leapt ferociously forward, tripping on a stick and tumbling to the ground.
‘Well, I hope for your sake, there are no vicious rabbits in the area.’ 
Meka announced his presence with his own interjection on Argos’ hunting potential as he stepped over the log and sat down next to Erina.  Instinctively, Erina moved slightly away, expecting Meka to thump her or torment her.  Instead, a relaxed smile cracked through his normal bullying persona as he watched the shadow boxing Argos.
‘Then again Argos, with a mug like yours, all you need to do is jump out from behind a tree and it would fall down, dead.’  
Erina stared, almost jaw dropped, still stunned by Meka’s change since last nite.  It was almost as if he was nice now.  Argos, now confronted by two disbelievers of his hunting prowess, stopped waving the blade around. 
‘Ha, ha, ha, very funny you two, but at least it was an idea.’
‘Well, we might as well get moving since it seems breakfast has been cancelled, again.’  
Meka stood up, slinging his deflated pack to his back.  Erina stared at him bewildered that he had not cast any cruel remarks, before realising Meka was waiting for her.  Even more taken aback by his new-found patience and consideration, Erina quickly repacked the things she had tossed about haphazardly during her hunger driven search of her bag, and joined her waiting companions.  

Erina followed inattentively behind Meka and Argos through another lite of nothing.  No people, no Gall-Sed, no conversation, and still no food, only smoky, hot-winded desolation and the growing threat of a thunderstorm without shelter.  They had given up on Roseford.  The thick plumes of smoke made Erina even questioned if it still existed.  Instead, they now walked south-west towards Eyfod Forest, and hopefully away from the Gall-Sed for the last time.  As she looked around light-headed and mindlessly at the foreign landscape of red-brown dirt and spiky bushes, Erina paused, her attention suddenly recaptured.  She was sure a white flash had moved across the furthermost corner of her vision.  She turned and focused on a dense, spiky bush five strides away, but couldn’t see anything that could have caused it.  Still certain she had seen something, Erina moved to where she saw the movement, her own small blade drawn from the hidden folds of her vest tunic.  As she pushed through the small, spiky bush she made a mental note with every spine that pierced her skin about how much she really hated these bushes and would never plant one herself.  

On the other side of the spine brush barrier was a monolithic rock surrounded by a circle of square-ish shaped, bench height stones.  On opposite sides to each other, two extra square stones appeared to point north and south, and all this sitting in a ring of prickly bushes.  The layout seemed more than odd.  The whole design spoke of being made by hand and placed there on purpose, yet Erina couldn’t begin to think who would want to plant those bushes as their preferred choice of decorative greenery to highlight the created stone feature.  

Erina walked to the southern most stone.  She reached out and touched the inconspicuous grey surface.  A blue glow began, much like in the Red Knackle, causing Erina to pull her hand away in fear.  She had no idea what it really was, or whether it was harmful or dangerous.  She lingered uncertain for a moment, until curiosity got the better of her and she raised her hand again.  The stone began to glow blue again, this time creating a swirling line that spread from the stone under her hand to the central pinnacle rock.  There the concentrated blue line branched like lightning, leaving a sparkling pattern on the shoulder height stone.  Erina looked at the pattern, trying to work out its meaning.  She could think of no other reason it would make such a display when all the Weatherbench would do was glow.  She was sure it had some kind of meaning, she just had no idea of what.  Erina stood intently focused on the still-glowing stone.  She wished Hartney was here to see this.  Erina felt certain with both Argos and Hartney, they could have brained it out, especially when she felt she was so close already.

All too soon the lines began to fade.  Realising her time to unravel the mystery was running short, Erina grabbed a charcoal stick and the elf parchment from her pack and leant upon the stone to transcribe the quickly fading images.  Before she could pen the first line, a blue glow from the bench stone beneath diffused through the parchment like a sapphire fire.  Erina stepped back as the glow grew, blurring her ability to see anything, the parchment nor the stone.  The glow subsided, causing the bench stone and the central pinnacle stone to return to just plain, ordinary, grey rocks in the middle of a prickle bush ring, now minus the strange, undeciphered pattern.  Erina sighed at the loss.  Even at best she would only be able to remember parts of it.  Still determined to record at least some part, Erina returned her focus to the parchment still resting on the rock.  

Before she had raised her charcoal stick Erina realised that on the parchment was now an exact copy in clear, cobalt strokes of what had been on the central stone.  Erina smiled, she had been right, it was something she needed.  What’s more, the parchment version contained even more detail than the stones had.  This extra information allowed her to understand what it was, it was a map outlining where she had to go.  There were names too that hadn’t been on the rock display, most she had never heard of but that didn’t matter, they now had a path to follow.  She marveled at the name of the starting dot, apparently Lofton was originally called Lefon-Ard.  She looked to where they had to go.  After the plain they were now on, they had to go through the Eyfod Forest and places called Shardolt, Tarine and Valda, and then cross the mountains beyond into another forest.  After that, there should be a vast open plain with only two more stops until the coast, and then a short drift across the ocean to an off-lying island.  Erina stood relieved, now she knew where she had to go, but it was a lot further than the hafmon she had mentally prepared herself for.  She ran to rejoin Meka and Argos again, and hoped they would believe her.

Their long lite of walking was forced to an end as the sun finished its own journey beyond the horizon, its red dimming glow replaced by happily twinkling stars.  A similar crimson glow shone to the north-east.  Not a remnant of the sun, but the worrying consequence of great expanses of country being razed to the ground by fire.  Erina turned away from the unnatural glow, sighing.  She hoped it was not Lofton.  She turned to Meka and Argos, who sat next to the small campfire they had lit, neither talking as they prepared a stew of nothing.  The lite had been another drab smoke-filled lite of nothing, well nothing living.  Even the insect bats that had swooped happily above them, catching mites and bugs disturbed by their stirring of the grass, were absent.  The first camp spot they had picked for the nite they had left.  Erina couldn’t deal with the rotting remains of the deer, shot not for food, as none was taken, but for the sheer pleasure of the kill.  Such a waste of life.  Although, she had to agree with Meka, a bow might have been a useful thing to have brought.  Guess they weren’t as prepared as they believed they were.  Understatement of the turing.

Behind them to the west, about some eighty strides, was the darkness of Eyfod Forest.  They had quickly decided not to enter it until tomorrow when they would have a full lite to try to travel through it - and hopefully completely out of it.  Forests, in Erina’s mind, and to her relief, in Meka’s mind too, were dangerous places that held perilous things, things they did not want to meet during the nite.  The game they played in school, ‘Lost in the forest’, had taught them all from a very early age that nasty spirits controlled the dark hearts of trees.  Very rarely did the brave hunter ever rescue the lost child, no matter how many of them there were.  

Attempting to dispel the growing fears that now plagued her, Erina laid in her cloak bed and stared up at the thin, waning crescent of the moon through the dappled foliage of the swaying ash and the mild smoky haze.  She had always loved looking at the moon.  It gave her a sense of peace and unending tranquility that she could never fully explain, although at the moment she had no intention of questioning.  She needed all the comfort she could gather – especially on nites like this when she was needing distraction from the situation she was in now, alone in the wilds, caught between evil infested plains and the shadow forest that inspired dread.  Well, she wasn’t strictly speaking alone, but she didn’t feel safe, and it was made worse by suffering another nite of an empty stomach.  Erina sighed as she soaked up as much of the thin wavering moonlight as possible.  She had no idea when the next time would be, or if she would ever see it again once they entered the forest.


Erina sat up, startled awake for no apparent reason.  It was still dark.  The embers of their small fire had faded and the slip of moon was low and orange on the horizon.  She wondered why she was awake.  She was sick of these broken sleeps, although she could understand why they were happening.  This wasn’t home, and she wouldn’t feel safe again until she was.  Erina looked around.  Both Argos and Meka were still asleep, yet something had woken her and an uneasy feeling told her she shouldn’t go back to sleep without double checking more carefully first.  She stood up and walked to the slight crest of open grassland.  She surveyed the great expanse of heat-dried burr grass they had crossed to get to this point.  Even with the constant smoke haze and stench, it looked peaceful.  The simple quietness further enhanced by a breeze, that whispered through the sparse, wispy, straw-coloured grass, bending the blades to its will as it passed.

The sound of rustling leaves, mid way up the dew sheltering tree they had taken camp under, made Erina turn.  She watched for a moment trying to work out what it was, she suspected a nite crawler or some other nocturnal, leaf-eating animal, no doubt.  Satisfied she knew the answer, she watched, waiting for the animal to scamper down the tree, or along the branches and jump tree, but the rustling did not cease.  Erina moved closer, hoping to scare the nite crawler into revealing itself.  The leaves continued to dance frantically in front of her, tormented by the hidden creature.  Erina picked up a rock and threw it at the offending branch that refused to stop shaking.  The leaves quivered even more vigorously, as if taunting her.  Erina found a longish stick.  She held it in front of her, hoping the threat of her brand would stop the strange behaviour of the small, furry, but normally non-mischievous, nocturnal creature she knew would be behind it all.  The leaves continued to dance in front of her as her heart began to thump in her chest with growing uncertainty.  She inched closer until the end of the stick touched the outermost leaf of the wiggling mass.  Nothing happened.  Erina, her fear of the unknown temporarily forgotten by her overpowering curiosity that Aunt Tana always warned her of, stepped closer, this time poking deeper into the ball.  Still it quivered.  Erina poked harder, rattling the stick between the branches, determined to make this thing stop.  A white flash, completely unlike a nite crawler, burst from the centre of the leaves.  She screamed as the white blur of slashing claws slammed into her, sending her sprawling to the ground.  Recovering her lost nerves and balance, Erina looked around for the mysterious creature.  

Meka, awakened by her scream, leapt to his feet, his knife in hand as he assessed the situation and searched for immediate danger.  His eyes widened as he saw her sprawled on the ground, stick still in hand.  He turned angrily towards her.  
‘What are you doing?  Are you trying to draw attention to us?  Let everything on the plains, and in the forest, know where we are?’
‘A white owl!  It was a white owl!’  Erina exclaimed almost without thought as she sat bewildered and dazed where she had fallen.
‘I don’t care what it was.  You make a noise like that again and I’ll gag, hogtie and lash you to a carry pole for the rest of this journey.’  
Meka’s calm and temporarily nice nature was gone, replaced once more with his ever charming, bullying persona.  Ignoring the overbearing Meka till his voice was nothing more than a vague annoyance in the back of her mind, Erina looked around to where the owl had flown out over the open grassland she had surveyed from the ridge.  She looked, but couldn’t see the shimmering white form of the owl.  Erina remained puzzled as she scanned the plain.  Why did it spend so much time grabbing her attention, only to disappear when it had?  A dark movement on the open plain diverted her attention from the search for the mysterious owl and its peculiar antics.  She strained to identify the vague silhouettes appearing on the faint moonlit field.  Slowly, the shadow-like forms became solid, causing Erina to gasp as she realised what she was seeing was a seething mass of dark bodies, moving across the grasslands. 
‘We must go now!’
‘What are you talking about?’  Meka strode towards her, ‘I say what we do.’
Erina, now desperate with fear, raised her voice to a command. 
‘We should go now, before they get here.’
Argos, now awakened by the commotion, looked out over the grasslands where Erina was pointing. 
‘Meka….’
‘What?’  Meka turned to look where Erina was pointing, his eyes widening momentarily. ‘Move now!’  
Erina did not wait to gloat on the small victory she had won over Meka, nor turn to see the hateful snarl she was sure Meka wore right now.  She was sure he would settle the score later.  Instead, Erina sprang to action, scooping up her pack and cloak bed before moving into the fringes of the forest.  Erina did not look back at the mass of approaching darkness to know where they were, she could hear them.  The sounds of many feet pounding the earth grew louder with each passing moment.  

With nerves just as tightly strung as Argos and Meka, Erina peered back out at the grassland they had just left.  Slowly, out of the darkness, a figure emerged, transforming from bad-dream shadows to nitemare flesh.  Before her stood a barley human-like figure, scarred from brown and blood-drained head to pus-oozing boils and scabbing pustules foot.  With greedy, blood-filled eyes, the creature searched the forest, searched for them.  To Erina, its slightly bent pose tormentingly suggested animalistic thought processes, and on its warty and pox-scarred hand, a black and rusty, claw-bladed gauntlet dangled patiently, but expectantly, for its next victim.  Without pausing another appeared, then another, and another, looking more undead than alive, and more monster than human.  As the bloodless half-men continued to come into view, Erina’s mind raced, trying to adjust to what she was seeing but could not believe.  Only in children’s stories did creatures like this exist, not here, not right in front of her.  She tried to wonder where they came from, but whatever the answer, Erina knew they were all in great danger.  Even though she did not know truly what they were, she did know they were a plague, a plague intent on one thing and one thing only.  To mercilessly destroy all life, including hers.  

Argos nudged her shoulder, signaling her wordlessly to move deeper into the forest.  Erina didn’t really need to be told, every fibre of her being was screaming at her to get away from these monsters and the life-ending fate they promised.  Erina followed closely behind Argos on a narrow animal track leading deeper into Eyfod Forest.  Meka, further ahead still, led the way, moving swiftly into the dark safety of the ancient forest.  Erina had no idea where she was blindly running to, but she had no intention of finding out what those things would do when they found what they were looking for.

After a life-long moment, Erina stopped behind a towering granite outcrop, where Meka and Argos were sheltering already.  Their breath ripped from their bodies with the effort of fear and flight.
‘What are they, Meka? …I’ve never seen anything…like them.’  
Erina could hear Argos’ voice was full of fear as he sought reassurance from Meka’s unending strength.  For once even Erina wished to find comfort in Meka’s strength, and he seemed not to mind them huddling around him.
‘I don’t know.’  Meka’s voice, even though erratic through heavy breathing, was uncertain, twisted with fear. ‘But if they’re not Gall-Sed,…I’m …not going back… to ask.’
‘Do you think …we’re safe here?’
‘I don’t know.  Can anyone hear them?’  
The three paused in a moment of apprehensive listening before Argos continued in a whisper.
‘The noises seem to have stopped.  Maybe they weren’t looking for us after all.’
Meka peered carefully back along the track they had run.  
‘If they weren’t, that doesn’t mean they’d be nice to us if they stumbled across us.’  
Erina shivered, thinking about all the blackened land they had passed.  Nothing seemed to survive the Gall-Sed, not in one piece.
‘We should keep moving, perhaps we’ll lose them completely if we get far enough ahead.’
The cracking sound of a tree crashing not too far behind them, on the track they had just travelled, made Erina jump.
‘Probably not, I think they’ve found our tracks.’
‘Then start running.’

Blood thumped through Erina’s heart and thudded in her ears as she glanced back at the dark path behind her.  Were the noises still behind her?  She couldn’t see anything.  She hoped maybe she had outrun them or they had lost her scent.  She half paused for a second hoping to hear nothing.  The sounds of things crashing through the bushes were still there.  Panic began to grip at her mind.  Her growing terror was not so much about the Gall-Sed still being there, but the realisation that she would soon tire and be unable to go on.  She seriously began to worry how much longer she could keep this up, before her legs couldn’t carry her any further.  This was followed by a worse thought.  Would the physically quicker Meka and Argos, risk their own lives to come back to help when she reached that point of no longer being able to keep up with them?  A new emerging fear said they would not.

Not wanting to let these fears take control, Erina returned her attention back to the direction in which she was hurtling.  She had taken no more than three strides when something slammed into her face and neck.  Erina side-stepped, in an attempt to escape this white creature now causing her problems.  It floated again in front of her, forcing her to side-step again.  The white blur transformed into the identifiable shape of an owl, a white owl.  Surely it could not be the same one that had woken her?  The snowy owl hovered in front of her face, wings spread wide as though to block her steps.  Erina knew she should not get separated from Argos or Meka.  As bad a bully as Meka had been, he was now her only hope of survival.  Yet the more she tried to rejoin them, the more the white owl attacked and blocked her way.
‘Move bird, I have to keep moving.’  Erina voiced her frustration as she swung at the offending bird.  Behind her she could still hear the clawed monsters, they were not far now, searching the trails like a relentless tide of deadly hunger.

The owl continued to attack, slapping her face with its wings, buffeting her with its body, each time stopping her from moving the way she wished.  Instead, Erina was pushed further up the rough, rocky terrain, into a mossy granite outcrop on a slight ridge, and then the owl disappeared without trace or reason.  No longer besieged, Erina hid behind the nearest rock, hoping neither the owl nor the monsters would find her.  She peered down from her hiding spot.  The fleeting moonlight showed her the track Argos and Meka had taken.  The sounds of the fairy-tale Gall-Sed had disappeared.  Only wind stirred the leaves.  Gently at first, making the giant oaks whisper as if passing a secret from tree to tree.  The breeze grew in strength, the air bracingly cool.  Leaves rustled, protesting at the aggressive treatment, and then a howl, a blood-curdling noise that made Erina forget the icy wind on her face.  Another howl sounded close to her left.  They were talking and searching, and they were many. 

The musty, earthy smell of the forest began to mingle heavily with the smell of fire and acid smoke in a way that stung her nose.  The icy wind turned hot.  Tiny green finches and black-tailed tree hoppers flew madly past her as the sound of the wind changed into a growling roar, combined with another noise Erina couldn’t work out.  The spine-chilling howls grew closer.  Erina glanced nervously down from her stony fortress.  Between the dark shadows of the forest, a red glow appeared, dimly at first, increasing to an intense bright light that could have challenged the lite.  Then she saw them.  The brown, spiny-skinned Gall-Sed, now with roaring fire torches.  The forest seemed to lean away from them, and the path they walked upon.  As though the trees could feel the heat and danger radiating from these flame-bearing creatures, as if they were flinching from the true horror of their hideous natures, revealed by the illumination of their brands.  Where they stepped, the ground was left scorched, smoldering with intense heat.  They purposely swung their flaming torch brands from left to right, stroking, almost caressing the bushes and trees as they passed.  The small bushes burst into flames, spreading quickly to the surrounding trees.  As the flames grew higher, so did the excited howls.  These nitemare creatures’ very happiness seemed to hinge on the amount of destruction and death they induced.  They had already destroyed the plains, leaving nothing but twisted, burnt ruins blanketed in a heavy smoke cloud.  Now it was the forest’s turn to face them.  Erina looked around longingly for a pond or stream, to seek sanctuary from the searing heat that was about to strike.  All that was on offer were trees and rocks.

Hot, choking smoke filled the air, scorching her lungs and stinging her eyes as she strained to see more than nite shadows in the forest below her rocky hiding spot.  The whole area was crawling with the life-hating Gall-Sed of the plains.  Erina listened for any sign of Meka and Argos.  In the far distance, beyond the crackling fire and blood-crazed howls, she heard their voices.  She couldn’t work out what they were saying, beyond crying out in fear.  Once she thought she heard her name, as if they were calling for her.  Then stomach-churning screams of pain ripped though the forest.  She tried to block out the sound of Meka’s scream, which stopped suddenly.  Argos’ yells of terror dissolved into pain filled moans and sobbing, before a final ‘No!!!’ ended it completely.  A series of joyous screams triumphantly imitated Argos’ sounds of pain, before fading into the darkness of the nite they were created from.  Only the crackling of the burning trees around her remained.  The silence grew until it distressed her more than the Gall-Sed provoked screams.  Her stomach turned violently again.

A splat noise beside her, drew her attention from her mourning.  A second droplet landed on her arm, another on her head.  The scattered raindrops quickly turned to a torrential down pour.  The flames of the Gall-Sed spat and hissed as the steady flow of water doused their destructive ambitions.  The Gall-Sed stopped, uncertain and fearful.  Erina watched, puzzled.  They were emotions she wouldn’t have thought existed in hell-spawned monsters.  She continued to watch in amazed silence as the clawed, fire-loving demons retreated from the soaked forest.  She tried to work out why the arrival of rain caused such a hasty retreat?  Could they only survive in death and pain?

With the rain still cascading in an unrelenting downpour, Erina slumped down against the rough slate rock she had been hiding behind, overcome by a nauseous queasiness that would not end.  She couldn’t believe Argos and Meka were gone, brutally silenced by the Gall-Sed.  They had done nothing wrong.  If only they had stayed ahead of them, one minute would have been enough.  Guilt tore at her, it was her they were after, yet Meka and Argos had paid the price.  She wished she could have done something, anything, but what could she have done?  She was just one small person.  Realisation struck home, leaving her numb.  If she had remained with them, she too would have made that death cry.  Erina doubled over.  She tried to spew fourth the memory of the nite from her empty insides, her body rejecting the pain and unnecessary death she had been forced to stomach.  She looked around, unsure of why she had been saved as she began to cry for herself, and the horrible end of Meka and Argos that she had caused, along with the death of everything she had ever known in her once safe life.  She cursed herself for having wished for an exciting life.  She was the cause of this, and this was the price.
Chapter 7 – Dawn of the Forest

The first tendrils of dawn came painfully slow, and when it did, the horrific memories of the nite did not fade like the mist with the rising of the sun.  As soon as it was light enough, Erina shouldered her pack, ignoring her own exhaustion-induced pain.  She had no reason to stay here any longer.  A lone, melancholy thought queried if she should look for Argos and Meka, just in case.  It was drowned out by a sea of fears of what horrors she would find.  She knew there was no hope, and she didn’t want the gruesome image to taint their memory any more than the grisly nitemare of last nite.  She paused a moment as she looked mournfully at the forest area that now held two more bodies than it did yesterlite.  Uncle Bower.  She wondered if he knew his son was dead.  And Ambyr, how could she tell Ambyr?  She was hurting enough at the loss of her friend and cousin Argos, but Ambyr…  Her heart crushed a little more, knowing the pain this would cause others just as special to her.  The one thing she would never shake was that she had caused it.  Just like it was no longer safe here, she was not safe to be around, as had been painfully proven.  She sighed one last time as she turned and looked deeper into the forest she once feared.  Now she had no such fear, and no choice.  Even though she knew she must keep moving, her thoughts strayed again to home.  She wondered how they fared.  She tried not to think of the white-washed houses as twisted, charred stumps, but somewhere deep in her heart she knew there was nothing left behind her.  She wondered how many would have left early enough to survive.  Not many, she sadly guessed.  Home was the place you ran to feel safe - not run away from.  Her thoughts snapped to a comment Meka had made only last evening, before the Gall-Sed.  She sighed, Meka had been right, they all had been taking this as nothing more than a game, a silly adventure without consequence, but once again the cards had changed, along with the rules, without any of them being consulted.  The sad thing was, Erina thought, somehow she knew this was what should be happening all along.  She just hadn’t been able to say goodbye to her old life properly, and this was the result.  She was indeed the chosen one it seemed, chosen to be the only one to survive from her village, the one to pass on the sad tale of its fate.  With that knowledge, she turned and began her journey alone.  There was nothing left behind her, and she knew nothing of the world in front of her.  She huffed deeply, hoping in vain the misery of last nite could be left behind as well, and hoped the other side of this forest was not yet consumed by the monster Gall-Sed.

Erina walked steadily for several hours westwards, following the occasional glimmer of the sun through the shrouding tree canopy.  She knew her pace was as much to escape the acid smell of smoke as the horror of last nite.  Finally, the smoke had dissipated to only the vaguest trace of mist.  The full terror of the Gall-Sed had not yet reached this part of the forest, but now a growing feeling of unease caused her to pause.  She listened intently to the wooded world around her, hoping her fears were unfounded.  The morning finches and munching bunnies had gone quiet and the forest around her felt dead and empty of any other life.  Fear of her loneliness and vulnerability begin to creep into her body, gripping her heart tightly again.  The silent air weighed heavy upon her, intensified by the hole left by her absent companions.  She forced herself to breathe, even though every part of her being cried out not to make the sound that would unleash her worst nite-mare.

Erina glanced quickly around, certain something, more correctly, someone, was there watching her.  She stopped as her gaze crossed a shadow drenched bush to her left.  It looked the same as any other green waxy, heart-shaped leaf bush around her.  Yet, there.  something was there, she was sure of it.  Erina concentrated as hard as she could, trying to make out what her mind told her was there.  A branch moved and a wren flew out in panic.  There was something there, and it was very aware of her too.  Erina took a step back.  The bush began to move as a shadowy figure took form.  Erina took another step back as the bush began to part and the dark outline of a human took shape.  It smiled a cruel smile that renewed alarm in Erina.  She had never believed the saying, ‘All you could see was the whites of their teeth’.  She had thought it a silly, over-the-top saying used to exaggerate the sense of trepidation.  That was until this moment.  She could recognise no other features within the shadows bar its teeth and a glint of eyes.  A shiver caused the hairs on her neck to stand up and grip her heart.  It seemed to know her and hate her.  The person came forward another step, in a cat-like manner that told her in the next moment it would leap.  

From behind her, the sound of a tree branch being forcibly snapped broke her focus, and that of the shadow bound stalker.  Erina watched as the figure, still hidden by dark shadows, froze for a moment, listening and deciding on a course of action.  It stood, menacing for a moment longer, before slipping back into the obscuring shadows and disappearing completely.  The distant crashing caught her attention again.  Something large, or many, was moving towards her.  Erina turned and ran, accepting the notion that everything in this forest was out to get her.  Tree branches slapped her face and tore at her body as she pushed through the heavy undergrowth in her attempt to escape from what she hoped was not the Gall-Sed, although she had little doubt it was anything but.  

Her heart pounded, blocking out all but the sounds of the monsters behind her and her own ragged breath.  She braved a glance over her shoulder.  A brown, spine-covered monster confirmed her worst fears.  The Gall-Sed had found her again and were getting closer.  She could see its face, twisted into a hateful sneer, almost smiling, pleasured by the idea of killing again.  She turned back and tried to run faster, but she could find nothing else within her.  She knew she would not last much longer.  Her remaining inner strength was seriously, and even more dangerously, depleted by irregular sleep and even less food.  Then she felt it.  The sharp metal nails of the Gall-Sed drawing on her back.  As the iron claws pierced her midriff, a pain like fire jerked her mad flight to an end as she stumbled and fell to the ground, along with the wounding Gall-Sed.  Panicking, she struggled, hoping to break free.  The Gall-Sed tightened its grip, tearing her soft flesh with its talon-like claws.  Erina screamed.  

She turned over and found herself staring into the Gall-Sed’s face.  A twisted victory smile on its bloodless, unloved face allowed drool to dangle.  Erina could feel her stomach turn at that sight.  She struggled with renewed vigour, remembering Meka and Argos’ last screams of pain.  Now she understood their true horror.  Still determined not to suffer the same, she kicked the Gall-Sed in its pox marked face as hard as she could.  It gave out a guttural groan as it rolled away from her flailing feet, releasing its steel-trap grip as it did.  
‘Now you know what if feels like.’  Erina smiled her own cruel smile at the pleasure of inflicting reciprocal pain.  Revenge temporarily sated, she staggered to her feet and began to run blindly, with only survival on her mind.  Ignoring the searing wound from the Gall-Sed’s claws, Erina stumbled over toe-jarring rocks and pushed her way through slapping, waxy-leafed bushes.  She could hear the Gall-Sed behind her, its breath was right there, promising death.  Her legs ached with effort, her lungs felt like they were exploding, both a constant reminder that she could not last much longer.  Her mind raced, trying to think of what she could do as her legs slowed, but she couldn’t think of anything.  She turned back, hoping to see if it had given up.  No, it had slowed but it was still there – worse, another had joined the hunt.  She had become sport, and they were enjoying it.  She ran on, unable to do anything except run, although she knew that wouldn’t solve the situation.  

Without warning a hand appeared from behind a tree, too late for her to side-step.  It secured a handful of her brown, soft-suede tunic and flung her around behind the tree.  Stunned by the speed of it all, Erina could only collapse against the unmoving trunk.  She looked desperately around, trying to identify the newest danger, as her mind quickly recalculated her chances of survival now.  She stopped as realisation slapped her in her face.  The hooded figure in front of her wasn’t that of a spiny Gall-Sed – it was human.  Confusion compounded on her fear as she tried to work out what would happen now.  Was this person one of them, or the one in the shadows watching her?  The hooded stranger released her tunic.  A solid sword swung upwards suddenly as the Gall-Sed appeared past the tree.  The Gall-Sed gurgled as it fell, its neck sliced to the bone.  Erina, still unable to deal with the latest change of events, stood pressed against the tree where she had been shoved, hoping not to be seen as the stranger stepped onto the trail to face the remaining monsters.

From behind the tree she heard the clash of steel, grunts of effort, the wet thud of steel biting flesh, and then the gurgles of death as flesh permanently gave way to forged iron.  Erina stayed huddled behind the tree, unsure who had survived the encounter, and trying to think what she could do if the next few moments went wrong.  Although any plan was pointless, she was too afraid to move, and too exhausted if she was in danger again.  She found herself wishing she could sink into the rough-barked trunk as footsteps came towards the tree.  She closed her eyes and held her breath as a paralising fear overcame her.  She was next, and there was no escape this time.  Her body began to shake uncontrollably.  A twig snapped beside her and she could hear heavy breathing over the sound of her own pounding heart.  A hand touched her shoulder.  She screamed, pushing her arms out defensively in front of her as she opened her eyes.  It was the stranger who had pushed her behind the tree.  The thick bladed sword held threateningly in his hand still dripped brownish blood from the now dead Gall-Sed.  Terrified, Erina stared at him.  She could still be next.  Nothing made sense to her anymore, especially why everyone wanted to harm her.  She raised her head from her huddled position as she lowered her arms.  The hooded stranger inhaled sharply as his outstretched hand jerked back slightly before closing.
‘What are you doing here?’  His voice, still laboured from fighting, held a strange note of uncertainty Erina couldn’t place that added to her worry.  Flustered by the ongoing epic of disasters, Erina nervously blurted out her first thought.
‘Trying to get away from the Gall-Sed.’
The stranger smiled sarcastically, as if amused by her instantaneous, but out of place response.
‘Not very successfully.’  
Erina, on the other hand, couldn’t deal with this anymore, nothing made sense to her.  The painful memories of the past few lites overtook her.  She had been through so much, seen so much and come too close to death more times than she thought humanly possible in a single hafmon.  Erina crumpled back against the tree, falling to sit amongst the roots, sobbing.  Her safe world had been taken away from her, along with everyone that had once given her reassurance.  She had lost her home, her friends, and very nearly her life this hour.  She didn’t know why she was even here on this quest.  She was not a hero, not even a warrior, why did they think she was capable of this?    

The sound of the stranger’s voice broke in on her tears.
‘There’s no time for tears yet, you’re still alive.’
Dragging herself back temporarily under control, Erina felt embarrassed as the stranger pointed out her childish behaviour.  She carefully raised her head to look more closely at the stranger who was the newest twist in this unnerving lite, trying to work out if it would be good or bad.  He was taller than her by nearly a foot, and as he pushed back his hood to reset his pack and sheathed his sword, she could see brown rambling curls, hazel eyes and a chiseled jaw.  If she wasn’t so worried about him killing her she would say he was handsome.  The fact he had killed all of the Gall-Sed hunting her, and had saved her from their cruel end she couldn’t allow herself to imagine, still didn’t mean the lite would end well, no matter how pretty the face.  

Pushing aside her immature display, Erina spoke up as confidently as she could in the presence of an armed, battle experienced warrior.
‘Who are you?’
‘My name’s Dublin.’  The stranger spoke gruffly as he reached out his hand offering to help her up.  
Erina froze as the name of the most ruthless killer flagged a new type of danger to her life.  Her hesitation continued as she worried if she now stood in arms reach of the most infamous mercenary ever to stalk the shadows.  With a legend so dangerous and deadly, battle hardened knights were said to cringe at the mention of his name, and prayed they would not cross paths with the monster more demon than man.
‘Dublin the Shadow Slayer?’  
The name escaped her lips before she even realised it.  She pressed herself against the tree as she thought she saw Dublin’s eye twitch in dark response to her words.  A voice in the back of her mind screamed at her to run now, before it was too late, before he decided to kill her too.

Brushing her less than complementary commentary aside, the stranger called Dublin reached out his hand again, this time more impatiently.  
‘Dublin Ardal, Keeper of Eyfod.’
Erina bowed her head, slightly ashamed of her childish reaction that belonged more to Ambyr’s attention grabbing repertoire than her own.  As she did, she looked at the sword he had used to slay the Gall-Sed.  It wasn’t the two-handed masterpiece of mythic proportions, inlaid with gold and gems, that caused grown men to cower in fear.  It was single-handed, ordinarily small, non-descript and simply ironed.  Nor was there a second row of silver blades along the shaft, as described clearly in Uncle Bower’s tales.  It was a simple sword, albeit broad-bladed, one any woodsman or farmer could own if he wished.  Or so she thought at first.  As she looked at its wooden hilt a single red flash caught her attention and gripped her heart with uncertainty again.  On the butt was a gem, a red stone the size of a large strawberry.  A ruby perhaps, that should have graced a crown or a queen’s neck.  It was not the sort of thing a simple woodsman or farmer would have on his sword, but a warrior well plied in his trade, that was a different matter.  Erina looked at the ground, this time not to hide her shame but her confusion and uncertainty at what didn’t quite fit.  Unaware of her internal conflict, Dublin continued in a still slightly chastising tone.
‘It’s not safe here, we must go before more arrive.’
More?  The thought terrified Erina.  She looked around at the twisted body of the Gall-Sed lying on the ground.  She looked back at Dublin and his outstretched hand.  Fear grown from the many tales of the heinous deeds of the terrifying Dublin, especially the ones where he slaughtered the helpless maidens because he wanted to, left Erina unsure of what she should do next.  She looked back at the cold, motionless body of the Gall-Sed again, even dead it still caused fear to seize her.  She looked back at Dublin one more time.  She was alone and without options.  She was almost certain agreeing to go with him would not be a good idea, but he was human and had just killed the Gall-Sed that had tried to kill her.  That had to be something in his favour.  In her head, she could hear Aunt Tana berating her for the decision she was about to make, Erina just hoped it would end in a way she could justify.  

Erina nervously took Dublin’s outstretched hand, still undecided whether this was the right thing to do.  Her breath caught as her hand touched his.  It was warm and rough, but gentle to her touch, and strong and secure, everything she needed at the moment.  As he lifted her effortlessly she pretended the Gall-Sed’s stinging claw wound on her side didn’t exist.  Even though she had agreed to follow him, he didn’t need to know all her weaknesses.  Though, being with or without injury she surmised would make little difference, he had just displayed he was strong enough to pick her up and toss her over his shoulder anytime he wished.  Without a further word, the man named Dublin Ardal, Keeper of Eyfod, turned and strode off into the forest.  Erina followed warily behind, hoping she had seen the last of the Gall-Sed, but more so, hoping her decision had not started her on a worse path.  

Erina found herself worrying as she stared at Dublin Ardal’s broad cloaked shoulders as he moved effortlessly along the once well trodden path that was now no more than a hunting game trail.  She wondered if he could be Dublin the Shadow Slayer, just in disguise.  He fit the description so well, tall, dark and mysterious, well dressed and dangerous, everything Uncle Bower’s vague, romanticised and idealised tale reported him to be.  He may have claimed he wasn’t and provided a legitimate alternative, but his reaction, his momentary annoyance, sparked a sense of insecurity that set him in her mind as exactly that, and she couldn’t shake it.  Okay, he wasn’t wearing the flame red doublet he was famed for, but that just meant he wore a blue tunic to be less obvious.  Erina mused if that was because it was too stained with the blood of his victims.  The tales told of so many.  Yet the feeling remained.  Dublin looked back at her, unsettling her again.  His eyes seemed to see right into her very being and read every thought.  She began to wonder if he was the one who had been following her.  To Erina, he certainly looked dark and mysterious, but perhaps not evil enough for that, well she hoped intensely.  Although, she doubted if anyone would own up to being a thief or murderer or a slave trader, let alone the gruesome assassin of calculated slow deaths, and if he had, it would convince her he wasn’t.  Either way, she knew nothing about him, and that scared her, especially since he could quite possibly be another threat to her life.    

They had travelled the best part of an hour through the rather cool, dappled undergrowth of the seemingly endless Eyfod Forest when Erina slowed, realising she had lost track of her location.  She tried to take note of her surroundings, to work out exactly where she was and where she was going, but her wild flight from the Gall-Sed had destroyed any mental map of where she really was.  Left with no other option, Erina gathered her courage and called out to the unknown Dublin.  
‘Where are we going?’  
‘Somewhere safe.’
‘Somewhere safe?’
‘It’s not far now.’  Dublin’s voice was authoritive but held no hint of malice or annoyance at her questioning.  Still, somewhere deep in her mind Erina could hear a warning bell, telling her that she should not put all her trust in this stranger yet, especially one she suspected may be the Slayer of the Shadows.  

As the forest started to darken with the ending of the lite, Erina could feel the flight of fear that had kept her moving all lite give way to exhaustion, and the overwhelming need to stop and rest.  The pain in her side had gradually grown until it was a dull, pulsing ache that matched her heartbeat.  She was hoping the growing pain did not reflect how bad the wound really was, though it was now at a stage it could hardly be anything less.  She stopped mid stride as a wave of pain washed over her, the world suddenly seemed very unstable to her.  She wished she could sit down and rest.  Erina stumbled to a large, friendly looking rock placed conveniently near her.  She let her head sink for a moment, trying to muster the strength within her to push back a second wave of pain and keep it under control for a little while longer.  She looked around at her swirling surroundings.  The fading light softened the harsh outlines of the forest, taking away, for a moment at least, a little of the pain and terrors of the lite, and allowing a simple peace to embrace the world.  The trees were still the tall and thick redwoods she had been surrounded by this morning, yet the canopy above gave an open, light-filled feel to the landscape around her that was relaxing, though lonely with a sparse emptiness.  The little tweeter birds that had kept her company this morning were now absent, leaving nothing but the whisper of the trees as a light breeze gently wandered by.  

She looked down the trail to where she had last seen the mysterious Dublin.  Her breath caught as she realised he was no where in sight and she was alone once again.  She scanned the forest, looking for immediate danger and for somewhere to hide.  She knew she didn’t have the energy to try to outrun anything else.  She wondered if this was all a part of a trap Dublin had set, or if there were more Gall-Sed approaching and he had left her to fend for herself, or maybe he didn’t really want to help her and had continued on without her after she had conveniently fallen behind.  She thought about calling out, but quickly decided against the idea.  If there were Gall-Sed in the area, that would alert them to her location, and she didn’t want that.

‘We’re nearly there.’  
Erina leaped off the rock, startled.  Dublin’s voice sounded right beside her, without any other warning of his presence.  She wondered if he had done it on purpose, but Dublin looked almost as surprised by her reaction as she was by his sudden re-appearance.  Maybe not.  Erina took a deep breath, relaxing her nerves, as Dublin motioned her with his outstretched hand to follow again.  
‘The outpost is just ahead, you can rest there.’
Without further question or thought, she followed Dublin again as he started off down the moss-bordered trail.  This time she noted he was walking a little slower than before.  She wondered if he had worked out she was injured.  Whatever the reason, Erina was still perplexed.  Nor could she understand why right now she felt safe.  In all the tales, Dublin the Shadow Slayer was a murdering assassin who double-crossed friend and foe alike, and yet right now, even though she still suspected without proof he was the assassin of the tales, she didn’t feel that way at all.  Confused, yes, but not scared.  Maybe it was his rescuing her, the way he had taken her along with him without question or price, or maybe it was because she was no longer alone in this fearsome forest.

After only another few moments, Dublin stopped and briefly looked back past her before he stepped off the trail, and without apparent reasoning, disappeared out of sight into a large hedge of tightly growing broad-leafed holly.  Erina stood, uncertain, awaiting either his re-emergence or instruction to follow.  Another moment passed before Erina decided Dublin had most likely meant for her to follow.  Protecting her face with her arms, she too pushed through the bushes, stumbling as she followed where Dublin had disappeared.  As quickly as the brush had started, it ended, leaving her dazzled by the light-filled area within the hedge of protective bushes.  Erina looked again, unconvinced by what her eyes had initially told her was an open, natural clearing about fifteen steps wide.  The edge of the clearing was a cleverly disguised wall.  The sky above was still visible through a clear roof of materials Erina had never seen the likes of before.  Under her feet, a thick mat of soft green grass made her suddenly wish she was not wearing shoes.  She walked over to one of the walls that was mimicking the hedge.  As she cautiously felt its cold, polished surface, it warped slightly.  She turned back to Dublin, who was busy organising a fire in a central fire place. 
‘What is this place?’
‘An old soldier’s outpost from the Shadis wars.  It’s simple but effective, and long forgotten by most.  No harm will come to you here, nor will the Gall-Sed find this place.’  
Erina turned back to the swirling hedge wall, its mysterious construction had captivated her curiosity to a point she couldn’t control herself.  She reached out to it once more, allowing her hand to create waves on the ever-changing walls.  After a moment, the coolness of the surface became warm as her hand tingled with that same strange feeling she had when touching the Weatherbench in the main room of the Red Knackle, and the rocks of the plains.  Without her consent, her hand suddenly glowed blue.  The wall instantly reacted to it by becoming pitch black and solid.  Erina stepped back, shocked by the change and unsure of what had happened.  After a couple more seconds the wall slowly changed back to the fluid, swirling hedge pattern it was before.  Erina looked quickly at Dublin, wondering if he had seen what had happened.  He was still busy lighting a small fire.  He hadn’t seen anything.  Her curiosity now curbed, Erina moved away from the wall, Aunt Tana’s chastising warnings about being too inquisitive ringing in her ears.  

Erina took only a step away from the strange wall, when a wave of exhaustion swept over her.  She knew what it was, she had to sleep, yet nothing around her was safe.  The Gall-Sed, the forest, and Dublin himself, were all terrifying and strange.  Nor would being this scared spare her from forced slumber.  She looked at Dublin.  He did make her feel safe, but the memory of the tales she had heard about Dublin the Shadow Slayer did not let her feel safe enough that she could curl up and go to sleep without a second thought.  She also had another problem.  The wound in her side was now screaming with each breath and every movement.  The pain was becoming overwhelming and exhausting at the same time, she needed somewhere alone to check it.  She looked to the far end, away from Dublin.  It was going to have to do, she didn’t have much longer.  Erina took a step towards the other side of the hidden sanctuary.  She began to feel weightless and nauseously giddy as the world swirled into a maddening crash of colours that combined into a fading blackness.  Time slowed as she felt herself slip gently to the ground.  The grass felt soft, like her own much missed bed at home.  Sleep, she needed sleep. In her head, she could hear Aunt Tana’s soft voice telling her to sleep.
Chapter 8 – Mistaken Dublin

It was dark when Erina awoke on a soft platform bed under her warm down cloak.  Stars twinkled merrily in the dark sky above the clear roof.  How long had she slept?  Erina looked frantically for Dublin, making sure he was not about to slit her throat while she slept unawares.  The sound of a crackling fire drew her attention, and gave her the answer.  Dublin was sitting next to the fire, lost in deep thought as he watched the dancing flames, in his hand a sheet of parchment.  Beside him, on the side of the fire, a strange series of strategically placed rocks dangled her once damp clothes, including her leggings and shoes she had been wearing.  Erina sat up, still groggy from the deep sleep, but awake enough to be upset at allowing herself to be left so defenseless.  Dublin stirred from his own distant wanderings, quickly tucking the parchment back in his tunic, his worried look pushed to the side as he looked at her with a friendly smile.
‘How are you feeling?’
‘Better, now.’  She was lying, she was still exhausted.  She could happily go back to sleep right now, but she was too frightened by the thought of being asleep and vulnerable.  She clambered off the platform and sat down at the edge of the fire, taking solace in its light and warmth.  She instantly scolded herself for being silly.  She wasn’t cold, but being close to the fire brought memories of warmth and safety.  
‘Here, something to eat.’  Dublin reached out his hand, in it was a bowl of stew.  Its wafting smell caused her stomach to growl, reminding her she had not eaten properly for several lites, and what she had eaten then was meagre in comparison to what this smell was promising.  Erina looked doubtfully at it for a moment, remembering the tale where Dublin the Shadow Slayer killed a merchant by poisoning his cooking pot.  Her stomach growled again, protesting at her delay.  She shook her head and took the bowl, she was being as silly as Ambyr again, thinking she was actually important enough to be the centre of some plot.  Besides, if he was the Dublin of those tales, why would he bother killing her this way, especially after he had gone to the effort of saving her from the Gall-Sed.  They would have done a much more thorough job, and he wouldn’t have had to get his hands dirty at all.

Erina paused after the first mouthful as her taste buds acknowledged the unique presence of something other than her tongue in her mouth.  The stew had meat in it and a gravy that was thick and filling.  A fragrant feast compared to the cold and pitiful dinners of root yams she had suffered over the past few lites.  She could see Dublin watching her as she scooped up spoonfuls of the stomach comforting food, making her feel self conscious.  If she wasn’t so hungry she would have stopped eating.  

As her hunger disappeared with the emptying of a second bowl, Erina slowed, allowing Dublin the chance to converse.
‘You’re not from around here, are you?’
‘No, I’m from Lofton.  My name’s Erina.’  Erina paused, trying to think of the right thing to say, and using the right tone to the still unconfirmed Dublin.  He may not be purposely trying to poison her, but that didn’t mean he wouldn’t kill if he decided he didn’t like her words.  
‘I’ve not thanked you for saving me this afternoon.’
‘Well Erina of Lofton, I’m glad I was there.’  Dublin smiled at her with a smile that seemed to start with his eyes.  Erina smiled back nervously.  Confused by this non-lethal reaction, she lowered her eyes again, hiding herself in her bowl until she ate the final spoonful and regained control of herself, and her cheek colour.  This stranger’s gentle behaviour made her think he wasn’t the Dublin she should be worried about.  
‘Where are you from?’  She tried digging for a bit of information to help her place him, with a voice she hoped wasn’t too nervous sounding.
‘I’m from Tarita, on the other side of the Ornsbury Range.’  
Erina blinked.  She had never heard of Tarita, but was still stunned at meeting someone from so far away.  The furthest she had ever heard of anyone travelling was her parents to Beedwyn, and that was five lites away.
‘Then, what are you doing here?’
Dublin remained silent for a moment.  As he looked intently at her again, a new wave of apprehension swept over her.  Maybe that was the wrong question.  The intensity of his gaze was almost as disturbing as the tone of his response.  
‘I could ask the same question.  Where are you going to leave you all alone?’
Erina floundered frantically inside as she realised the trouble she had just walked into, and how much her life could really depend on what she said next.  
‘I’m travelling to the Isle of Cloud.’  
Erina made herself stay calm as she noticed Dublin’s eyes flicker, and he stiffened his back slightly at her mention of the Isle of Cloud.  Pretending nothing happened, he quickly relaxed again to looking only relatively interested in her responses.  She suddenly felt glad she had not mentioned anything of the unicorn.  She had been warned to keep the horn a secret, and in a world, and company as dangerous as she was suspecting she was now in, she was realising what good sense it made.  
‘That’s a long way - for someone who’s not a trader.’  
Dublin tilted his head, as if looking at her from a different angle would allow him to see her motives more clearly.  Erina could feel herself in trouble.  She moved uncomfortably under his scrutinising gaze as she tried to patch together an airtight story, hoping it had no holes in it.
‘I was chosen from my village to journey to the Isle to renew our ties with the ancients, as it’s done every ten turings.’  
She watched carefully, to see if he believed her lie, which she thought would work, as long as he hadn’t lived here for ten turings.  To her, he didn’t look old enough.  He barely looked five turings older than her.  Besides, Erina had heard of the ten turings journey, just not from Lofton.  

Dublin’s eyes flickered again for the briefest of moments.  She could tell he didn’t believe it, but his continuing casual posture told her he wasn’t going to call her an outright liar just yet.  Erina tried to maintain her own false calm composure as she wondered about his confusing reactions.
‘And you have to journey alone?’  Dublin now looked at her perplexed.
‘No.’  Erina paused, casting her eyes back into the empty bowl still in her hands.  She struggled to bite back painful tears as the memories of the past lite washed over her again.  She needed no lies here. 
‘There were three others also travelling with me.  Hartney turned back two lites ago to warn home of the Gall-Sed.  Meka and Argos… they were…  They fell to the Gall-Sed, last nite.  We’d camped on the edge of the forest because we were too afraid to enter in the dark.’  Erina looked around at the forest beyond the hedge wall that now sheltered her, smiling sadly at the silly fears that had stopped them from entering last nite.  Her smile quickly faded as she felt tears building again.  Her grief was still too close.  
‘When dark fell, the Gall-Sed appeared.  We ran into the forest and hid in the shadows, hoping they would pass us by.  But they found our campsite and began searching for us.  We ran again, and I was separated from the others.  I hid in a rocky crag until I thought the Gall-Sed had gone, until dawn.  The rest you already know.’  
Erina fell silent, the nite felt a little colder and a little less safe.  She didn’t know why she felt she had to share what happened that nite, especially with someone as potentially notorious as Dublin, but she felt a little better now.  A long silence developed, only partly because she thought she had said too much already.  The main reason was there was nothing more that Erina wanted to say at the moment, and she could see Dublin was thinking deeply on what she had said already.  

Another moment passed before Dublin spoke again.  His voice deepened into a formal tone that created a new level of concern in Erina.  
‘Please accept my apology for not meeting you sooner.  You’re a few lites earlier and a bit further south than expected, I’m sorry to say, or I might have been able to save your escort as well.’  Dublin paused a moment, ‘At least you are safe.’  
Erina sat, confused and worried by the seriousness Dublin had just taken on, she wished she knew more about what was going on.
‘A bit further south?’
‘I’d been told to meet you on the Roseford Road.’
‘We couldn’t get there.’  Erina felt confused, she had no idea how Dublin could have known they had at one point planned on travelling via Roseford.  It had been only a very half-formed idea they had quickly abandoned.
‘I thought my journey was to be a secret.  Even I didn’t know until a hafmon ago.’
Erina realised her obvious distress had caught Dublin’s attention, causing him to pause a moment before he continued a little more cautiously.  His look of sternness softened into gentle honesty.  A trait she suspected few got to see in a killer.  
‘It has been, but your safe passage to the Isle of Cloud is the most important thing in the world right now.’  As he continued, he seemed to be assessing her with a quizzical look.  ‘I mean not to offend, but you are not what I expected.’  
‘What were you expecting?’  Erina blurted out, now completely thrown by the whole conversation.
‘Someone…older.’
‘Someone older may not have run as fast, and your job would’ve been over before it had a chance to begin.’  Erina laughed, unable to contain the awkwardness she felt any longer, and relieved at the same time she was no longer alone in her journey.  
‘Forgive me, I meant not to upset you.’  Dublin smiled heartily as he relaxed back into the stranger she had met this afternoon.

Erina grabbed at her side, the laughing had stirred up the Gall-Sed wound, causing stabbing pain to course through her midriff.  She put her hand under her tunic to find out how bad the wound was, remembering she still hadn’t tended to it yet.  She looked questioningly at Dublin as her hand touched a bandage. 
Dublin’s light-heartedness transformed instantly back to stern gruffness.  
‘You should’ve told me the Gall-Sed had wounded you.  They carry a poison on their claws.  If it had remained untreated for much longer, it would’ve been too late.  As it is, you’ll still take a lite or two to recover fully.’  
Erina gently touched the bandage again as she stared in surprise at his all-consuming concern and on-going care.  
‘No… thank you.’  She didn’t know what else to say.  
Dublin reached across, retrieving the empty bowl from her lap. 
‘Having said that, you should rest.  You’ll need all your strength for the journey ahead.  We’ve yet to tackle Shardolt Pass.’  
Erina flicked him a warning look as she opened her mouth to refuse.
‘You’ll be safe, I’ll make sure of it.’  Dublin’s voice was stern and authoritive in a way Erina dared not challenge.

Like a child sent to bed, Erina obediently got up and walked back to the sleeping platform and clambered back under her cloak blanket.  She was still confused about a lot of things, but she had stopped worrying about Dublin trying to kill her.  Instead, her thoughts were of what Ambyr would say, and how envious she would be, when she told her about not just talking to who she still strongly believed might be Dublin the Shadow Slayer, but being looked after by the world’s most dangerous man.  She watched secretly from the sleeping platform as Dublin laid out his own bed on the other side of the fire and settled into it for the nite.  She shook her head as she realised how ridiculous her last thought was.  Still, there was something about him she couldn’t quite place, something that no longer mattered if he was the Dublin of the tales or not.  One thing she was sure of, she was certain she had never met anyone like him.
Chapter 9 – Dark Roots of the Forest

With the arrival of the morning, Erina picked up her bag of possessions and headed out of the sanctuary behind Dublin and began walking north again along the track.  Outside the protective outpost’s hedge, tiny blue-winged wrens twittered and flittered gaily through the tall alder, redwoods and sycamores along the trail as they always had, but Erina could no longer trust the shadows under the hawthorn trees, nor shake the feeling that something was still following her.  She tried to dismiss it as nothing more than the remnants of the previous lite’s pain and sorrow, but like those memories she so desperately wished to banish, the feeling did not fade.  In an attempt to overcome this growing panic, Erina found herself staying close to Dublin as they continued through the looming forest, determined not to be left alone again.  Well that was what she told herself as to why she found comfort in staying near Dublin.  Dublin, she gratefully noticed, showed no signs of objection or annoyance at her almost puppy-like dependence, making the situation even more satisfactory to Erina.  

After an hour of walking north, pain started to throb through the Gall-Sed wound again.  Erina tried to dismiss it, they still had a long way to walk this lite if they had any hope of getting out of the forest.  Yet, the pain continued to intensify as the morning wore on, to a point where she knew she was going to have to ask for a break.  As the stabbing pain finally overpowered her fear of asking Dublin to stop, Dublin stopped.  
‘We’re here.’  
Erina, gripping her side, slumped on a rock, slightly surprised, but grateful for the coincidence.  
‘We’re where?’  Erina looked around, unsure of what she was meant to be looking at.  They were in a small clearing, edged on the right side by a sheer rock wall about two persons tall that extended a good rocks throw, and by the forest on the other.  Under their feet, a stone path led from the forest from which they had emerged, to the rock hill beside them.  If she had to describe it, she would have said it was simply an extra large open area and still pretty much the same as any other part of the forest they had passed through.  Dublin pointed at a large, rocky outcrop that protruded from the sheer wall in front of them.
‘Eyfod Temple.’  
It took a moment of concentrated looking for Erina to finally see what Dublin was referring to.  In the natural folds of the rock creases she could just make out the outline of a door.  As she realised what it was she was looking at, a life long fear took a strong grip of her.  It was a cave entrance.  Be it temple, palace or house, it was still a cave, which triggered memories of the childhood tales of the Shadis Rebecca had released from the realm beneath the world.  Tales she had always believed, or should she say, had hoped, were created to keep children from entering caves and sink holes and nothing more.  Erina looked again at the dark entrance of the cave.  
‘Why do we need to go to a cave temple?’  
‘I thought you might want to visit it.’  Dublin looked at her strangely, as though her reaction was completely illogical.
Likewise, Erina could feel something tug at the back of her mind, telling her something didn’t fit.  Taler never mentioned anything about a shadowy cave temple of any sort.  Then again, he never really said anything about anything - not clearly, only to get to the altar at the Isle of Cloud and there would be markers along the way.  It must be one of those markers he vaguely referred to, she mused.  Likewise, the parchment only placed a dot in the Eyfod Forest without description or name.  She wondered how many other ancient markers would be as terrifying to her as this one was.  It still didn’t change her present predicament though.  She tried to think of a polite way to refuse, she had her oil lamp that could act as a torch, but that did little to chase away her deep-seated dread.  

Dublin looked at her strangely again, she could see he thought something was not right with her answer.  Before he had a chance to question her confused reaction further, Dublin swung towards the cave entrance, his head cocked to one side as if listening intently for something that had caught his attention.  Erina strained but heard nothing.  Dublin took a cautious step closer to the temple entrance, still listening.  He stood now in the opening of the cave as he peered further into the shadows.  Still puzzled, he glanced back at her and motioned her to stay where she was.  Erina nodded, it was something she would willingly do if it meant she didn’t have to go in herself.  Dublin turned and ducked his head as he disappeared warily into the stone entrance beyond Erina’s sight.  She sighed, slightly relieved.  Her own fear of caves ran deeper than simple protective, moral-filled children stories.  When she was about thirteen, Meka had told her there was gold and gems at the back of a small, narrow, cave-like hole near the creek on Meka’s parents farm.  He had managed to convince her she was the only one small enough to retrieve the lost loot of the wandering fairy.  Once inside, he had blocked the entrance with a heavy rock and taunted her with how the restless spirit of the vile fairy was still there, and would haunt anyone who tried to take its treasure.  It was only because of Argos that she even got out, otherwise she was certain she would have died there.  The end result, of course, was she developed a permanent fear of shadowy holes.

Erina waited for Dublin a respectful distance away from the cave entrance, on a squat stone pedestal that lined the long disused path.  She had been happily appreciating the sunlight in stark contrast to the shadows contained just a short walk away when a quick shiver ran up her spine, sending her a warning that she could not ignore.  She looked around at the forest in which she found she was suddenly alone.  Its bright and airy spaces were now altered in a treacherous, oppressing way that all too abruptly seemed wild and foreboding.  Unknown danger lurked behind every dark-barked tree trunk as worrisome as the shadows of the cave.  Erina moved to the pedestal stone next to the cave’s opening.  She sat perched, waiting, trying to ignore the ache in her side that had increased again.  Instead, she wondered what Dublin had heard, and what it could be that had made him uneasy.  That thought alone made her worry.  She was certain Dublin did not feel fear very often, and whatever did, should definitely make her worry doubly so.  She looked again at the cave entrance, hoping it would give her a clue to her fears, and a salvation from them.  It wasn’t a completely natural cave, although whoever had carved it had made it look so.  The only thing that gave it away was its perfectness.  It was too symmetrically balanced.

Erina moved closer again to the created archway.  She told herself it was to examine the craftsmanship of the laboriously chiseled doorway, but a large part of her kept hoping by chance Dublin would reappear and chase away her growing fears.  While she nervously waited, Erina reached out and traced the delicate and gentle leaf scroll patterns that had been faintly etched into the solid stone.  As she did so, her hand began to tingle and a blue glow appeared from the stone beneath.  Erina, only slightly taken aback by the emerging magic, continued to trace the design with her finger until the entire doorway glowed with a pale blue light and rang with a soft, soothing bell-like hum.  Erina smiled, this was another marker.  She was on the right track still.  She took her hand away and the blue glow faded gently, returning the stone to its shadow-filled former self.  She moved away from the entrance, back to the rock she had slumped against when she first entered the clearing.  Her insides were still warning her that something was not right and she should leave now, without Dublin if necessary.  The temple may be a marker, but the unknown darkness within the cave’s depths still scared her.  The menacing silence pressed heavily upon her again, making her jump at imaginary things.  She fidgeted with the tail of her pack strap, partly to relieve the increasing pain in her side, but mainly to overcome the incessant urge to flee this proximity.  She told herself she would give Dublin a few more minutes then re-evaluate the situation, although deciding on the next course of action did not ease her present feelings. 

Another minute passed before Dublin appeared silently from the depths of the cave’s shadows.  Although he appeared without noise, Dublin moved with a sense of urgency that caused Erina to spring to her feet.  He slowed only slightly as he neared her.
‘We have to leave now!’
‘Why? What’s wrong?’  Erina expressed her own worry to Dublin’s troubled tone that matched his movements.
‘There are Gall-Sed in the temple!’
Erina froze, doubly stunned by the correctness of her gut feeling and Dublin’s words.  Her lapse of motion lasted only a second, as horrific visions of the grotesque creatures inspired her to follow Dublin, ignoring the burning pain in her side. 
‘Gall-Sed! They’re not after us, are they?’
‘No, they didn’t see me, they were… performing some sort of ceremony.’  Dublin trailed off, lost in his thoughts, unaware that he had spoken anything out loud.  Erina followed Dublin as he moved with long strides that forced her to jog to keep up, jarring her wound in the process.  She didn’t complain though, it put distance between them and the Gall-Sed. 

After an hour, Erina paused from her steady march and looked warily around the heavily wooded forest as she acknowledged she needed to rest, if only for five minutes.  The pain in her side had been constant and pulsing for so long she was now left numb by it.  Ahead some distance, out-lined between the tall, over-shadowing elm trees, was a ridge.  She told herself when they reached it she could stop.  They had been moving at this ground-eating pace for what definitely felt like it had been half a lite, and still she didn’t feel they had put enough distance between themselves and the Gall-Sed to be safe.  At least from the ridge top they would be able to see anything coming.  Erina started again along behind Dublin another minute or so, when without warning Dublin stopped.  Although this time, it was not with curious wonderment at his knowing when she really needed a break.  No, this time something was not right, even Erina could sense it.  Dublin held his stance for a few seconds longer before turning to her.  His face was a mask of calm concern that Erina realised hid his worry.
‘There’s something coming this way, a large group.’
Erina nodded in agreement without attempting to listen for the noise herself.  She was becoming aware that Dublin’s hearing was extremely acute, a valuable asset right now she wasn’t going to challenge.
‘Gall-Sed?’
‘No, it doesn’t sound right.  Still, at this point I think it would be best to disappear off this track, until we work out their intentions.’  
Erina, not sure what else the noise could possibly be, nodded again in dazed agreement.  She trailed after Dublin as he expertly disappeared into the surrounding hawthorn and hazel bushes.  From the safety of the thickest hazel shrub, Erina peered out, trying to see what Dublin had heard, that she still couldn’t.  After a minute, she began to become aware of something.  Slowly, the faint sounds grew into those of clanking metal and a ground-pounding rumble, heavy with the sound of death.
‘It’s an army.  But whose?’  Dublin spoke with the barest hint of what she assumed was annoyance.  His calm mask, it seemed, might be slipping.  Whatever plans he had devised for this journey, it seemed were needing on-the-spot alterations.  

Peering from her shadow-filled hiding spot, Erina at last saw them.  A great column of men mounted on strong horses.  Banners, boastful of mythical creatures, flew defiantly above the iron-clad warriors, intent on battle.  Erina was swept into complete silence as the riot of awe-inspiring colour, glittering in the dappled sunlight, streamed past her.  She had never seen anything so stirring before.  They certainly lived up to the tales she had heard.  Indeed, they were larger than life, larger than myth, in a dazzling array of carefully cared for, ornate, and highly treasured suits for both men and mounts.  Each carefully fitted perfectly to their owner to become a second skin, encasing their lives and their honour.  Shields, brightly coloured and matching their armour and horse’s regalia, were held at the ready while their rigid moustaches held their honour close to them.  The childhood stories she had been told could never compare to this reality.
‘Knights.’  Dublin whispered in a low, disgusted voice that was almost a growl.  
Erina looked at him, confused.  She was obviously in a world she had no understanding of, still she had only ever heard of knights in tales, never had she seen or met one.  Knights, she was lead to believe, were always the heroes, although some had been dark knights who had turned against the light.  Erina looked back at the colourful column of steel-clad warriors again.  Maybe the heroic kind of knights only ever existed in tales.  Dublin’s reaction was beginning to make her think so.
‘It’s definitely not safe here now.’  Dublin’s quiet words, which were heavy with barely masked annoyance, caught Erina’s attention.  Erina, suddenly realising she was being given a clue to Dublin’s real character, took note of his mood.  The lite was not travelling as he had hoped it seemed, first the Gall-Sed in the cave, and now knights – and it was not yet noon.  Erina smirked inside, so far this had been everylite on this stupid quest, why would he think his involvement would make it any different?  Still, Erina wondered how much crazier this lite was going to get.  No, she didn’t want to know, or tempt the gods.

Erina began to follow Dublin through bracken and hawthorn as he led them away from the knight’s column, that had broken their march in the same open area they had started to cross only moments earlier.  She glanced at Dublin, who was well ahead, moving effortlessly through the heavy undergrowth.  She wished she could move as easily as Dublin could, he was at complete ease in the woods.  Makes sense, she thought.  Erina continued on as best she could at her own painfully slow pace, trying not to make any noise.  She seemed unable to make even a small movement without rustling leaves or breaking twigs, which she was sure would draw the knight’s attention to them.  As Erina continued at her turtle-like crawl, she began to think she might have made it out of harms way, when the sound of approaching footsteps forced her escape to end.  Erina peered out from under a holly bush she had taken refuge under.  Most of the knights had now dismounted, and were milling around in unordered groups doing apparently knighty things.  Erina watched a group of armed knights, their long swords hanging in easy reach from their belts, walk towards her hiding bush.  A part of her could barely believe she was watching real live knights, they still seemed larger than life to her.  This moment of awe passed quickly as she realised she was very likely to become their next victim, if they found her.

‘Anything t’would be better than last nite’s meal.’
‘What was last nite’s dinner anyway?’
‘Probably better if we didn’t know.’  
‘Perhaps we might score a deer.’
‘I’d be happy with a rabbit really.’
‘That will only happen if thou ceased twittering like a court lady.’
Erina, holding her breath, looked out from beneath the sheltering thick foliage as she listened to the idle banter.  The knights were right there, only an arms length away.  There were four of them, two older than Uncle Bower and two others that looked only a little older than herself.  They were moving casually through the bracken undergrowth, eyes searching as they went.  She hoped she was small enough not to be seen or be of interest to these steel-clad men.

Erina shrank back as her eyes connected with those of the brown haired young knight clad in a quartered red and green surcoat.  
‘Well, it may not be a rabbit, but I’ve definitely found something.’  The young knight drew his sword as he walked towards her not-quite perfect hiding spot.  He moved the bush with the point of his sword, revealing Erina crouching in a hole.
‘What? Have you found something DeLaun?’
‘Not a something, a someone.’
Erina leaped to her feet and tried to make one last desperate attempt to escape.  Not even managing two strides, she was pulled down by the brown-haired knight’s gloved hands.  An older knight with grey hair, moustache, and a red rampant eagle on his blue surcoat, approached her.  He sized her up before speaking in a gentle but curious tone.
‘Now, where may you be going in such a hurry?  And what might a young maid like you be doing in this forest in the first place?’
The remaining two knights, one black haired, moustached and grumpy in white and green, the other, another young and dark-haired, barely man proudly gowned in yellow and red, crowded round, examining DeLaun’s catch.  Not sure what to say, Erina said nothing.  She looked around for Dublin or any sort of help, but there was no relief in sight.  It seemed she would be on her own for this one.  She couldn’t really blame Dublin, he had already helped her more than she expected, or thought she would need.
The older, black-moustached knight grabbed her free arm roughly and shook her, trying to get an answer. 
‘Well, what are you doing here?  Speak up!’ 
The two young knights laughed.
‘Maybe you scared her.’  
‘I’ll make her talk.’  
The black-haired knight raised his hand, ready to hit her.  The grey-haired knight grabbed his wrist, stopping the blow.  A look of disgust told his thoughts of what the black-haired knight was about to do.
‘No, you will not!’
Erina stood frozen to the spot, disturbed into inaction by the chivalry being displayed by the black-haired knight, and at the same time, grateful for the intervention of the grey haired one.  The two younger knights stood embarrassed.  Coughing and kicking the dirt at their feet, ashamed, it seemed, to be associated with this ignoble behaviour.  The black-haired knight stared defiantly back.
‘She’s most likely one of them.’
‘The code still applies Lansford.’
‘They won’t give you the same pleasure, I assure you Thane.’
‘And that is what defines us from them.’
The black-haired knight called Lansford stood a moment longer, before turning and storming off.  The grey-haired knight called Thane watched him walk back to the column, before turning his attention to her again.
‘Looks like the Captain is to have the pleasure of meeting you.’  
The two young knights, following unspoken orders, took position on each side.  Erina didn’t struggle or try to break free of their iron-shod grips, nor did she hinder their often-practiced march as they dragged her through the centre of the column of curious knights and snorting horses.  She knew she was no match for the strength of these battle-hardened men, and if they did decide to behave as badly as their distasteful comrade, she stood no chance at all.  

Without ceremony, they dumped her in front of who she presumed could only be the Captain.  She sat up slowly, trying to hide the pain that was ripping through her side.  She had to land on a rock, didn’t she.  Erina looked up at the man in front of her.  He was the essence of everything she thought a knight should be.  He stood like a statue, proud and triumphant, and deathly certain of his own strength and abilities.  His blonde hair and blue eyes only added to his chivalric appearance in full plate armour, shined to the highest degree so that it reflected the world around him.  Accentuated by a stunning blue sash that hung from his waist, the tasseled ends swung nobly as he moved.  

The Captain finished delivering orders to another knight before turning his attention to her, still sitting in the dirt.  Erina realised she was holding her breath, he was too unreal to look at.  His eyes widened as he twitched his blonde moustache in thought, before looking questioningly to the grey-haired Thane standing behind her. 
‘Sir, this maiden was found on the edge of the camp, hiding in the bushes.’
‘So, it seems he wasn’t lying after all.’ 
Erina sat alert but confused, who else knew she would be here?  The Captain continued to direct the conversation about her to the grey-haired knight.  
‘Her name?’
‘She hasn’t said a word, sir.’ 
The Captain directed his gaze to Erina once again.  She felt herself shrink down subconsciously, becoming submissive to this overpowering figure of perfect knightliness.  
‘Your name.’  
It was an order, not a question, and one she didn’t have the inner strength to disobey.  Erina forced out her name faintly with the biggest voice she could muster while feeling intimidated.
‘Erina.’
With a smirk of self righteousness, the Captain turned and flicked through several pages of parchments a blue surcoated knight held out.  He had more important things to deal with than her.  
‘Well, maid Erina, why is such a fair lady, dressed as a man, wandering alone in this forest?’  
Erina looked down at her tunic and trousers, and blushed.  She wasn’t decently dressed to be seen anywhere, and yet here she sat sprawled in the dirt with all the eyes of these knights focused on her.  She stammered her reply, suddenly ashamed of the independent and comfort seeking selfishness that had caused her wardrobe choice.  
‘I’m on a pilgrimage, to the Isle of Cloud.’
The Captain paused in his paper shuffling, casting an unguarded glance at her that measured and assessed.  She moved uncomfortably, hoping to break the penetrating stare of his blue eyes.  The Captain turned back to the knight behind him, dispensing a final parchment order before turning to stand in front of her.  He clasped his hands behind his back as he raised himself up on his toes, and lowered himself back onto his iron shod heals.  
‘By yourself, in this forest?  You’re lying or a fool.’ 
The captain paused a moment, his intense gaze still weighing her purpose.  
‘No, that doesn’t seem right. No, you must be a spy come to report on the size and location of our armaments.’
‘No…I’m not a spy.  I’m travelling to the coast.’
‘Then why are you alone?’
‘I’m not…’  She paused, releasing how close she came to letting on about Dublin, and although she didn’t want to be here herself, having him made a captive too didn’t bring her any sense of comfort.  
‘The group I was travelling with was caught by the Gall-Sed two nites ago.  I was the only one to escape.’  
Erina could hear the knights around her murmur with a mixture of shock and battle hunger.  It was obviously something they were not expecting to hear.  The Captain too, momentarily taken off guard, quickly composed himself, reasserting his control over the situation and his men.
‘Gall-Sed, here in this forest, I find that hard to believe.  I’ll tell you what you are my lady, you’re a spy of the Priestess’ army, a decoy sent to alarm us.  Perhaps give signals of where we are.’  The blonde-haired Captain looked at the senior knight who had caught her.  ‘Thane, bind her and put her in a tent.  Don’t let her be seen - and keep her quiet, we don’t want her running around causing panic amongst the men.  The rest of you, do not speak of her to any others, do you understand?  On your oaths, you are sworn to secrecy.’  

With the same ceremony she was given when she was dumped there, Erina was dragged to her feet by the same two young knights and led away from the Captain’s open-air command centre.  Behind her, she heard Thane voice his own concerns.
‘Gall-Sed too, Sir?’
‘Maybe the stories are true, Thane.  If they are, things are much worse than were first reported.  Put extra patrols on - just in case.  There may not be Gall-Sed, but there is a Priestess army out there.  And whatever happens, don’t lose her.  I think there’s more to her than she’s letting on, she might be just what I am looking for.’

Erina sat alone.  Her hands and feet were bound tightly in a cutting way she had never felt before.  This was definitely not what she had planned when she woke this morning.  Then again, neither was yesterlite, or any lite in the past hafmon.  She couldn’t believe so much could happen in one single hafmon.  She missed home.  She missed her aunt, and Ambyr, and she wished she was there right now.  She’d had enough of this stupid quest.  If the old man thought it was so important, he should have done it.  The only thing she was thankful for right now was the fact the knights were so excited about setting up patrols, that no-one had bothered to search her properly.  Her pack had been taken from her once again, but the horn was still strapped to her back, under her cloak.  It seemed to have a surprising knack of not being found.  She stared at the bare walls of the drab canvas tent, wondering what else could happen this lite.  She seemed to have lost control of her life in just a brief few lites.  She wondered if she would ever have a normal lite again.  She grimaced sarcastically as she remembered a time when she craved an adventure to escape from her then, boring and mundane life.  Seems getting what you wish for isn’t always a guarantee for a happy ending.  Aunt Tana’s often repeated warning echoed faintly in her ears, ending her reminiscing.  She sat silently, listening to the sounds of the metal-clad army camp outside, wondering where this strange quest was about to take her now.

A long hour of staring at the boring, milk coloured canvas with her side still aching passed, before the figure of the blonde-haired captain entered.  He did so without announcement or ceremony, and once inside the tent he simply pulled up a stool and sat down.  He still held himself with total control, as though he commanded the whole world.  His stern look told Erina he meant business, and she was the object under investigation, even unwilling as she was.  She wondered how she could talk herself out of this situation.  Not far, she guessed.
‘Fair maid, you must tell me who you truly are.’
Erina stopped, taken aback by his strange speech patterns, before stumbling over her own response.  
‘I’ve already told you.  I’m Erina, from Lofton.’
‘Simply Erina of Lofton?  And you must quest to the Isle of Cloud.’
‘Yes.’
‘What is the cause of your quest?’
Erina fumbled again, realising her mistake.  
‘My quest is a pilgrimage, to renew my village’s ancient links with the Isle.’
‘Hmm.  Thy pilgrimage wouldn’t happen to involve a legend or a special horse or something?  I understood this type of pilgrimage requires the Messenger to be riding a special horse.’
Erina could feel her eyes open wide at the Captain’s words.  He seemed to know every detail about her quest.  She tried desperately to hide from his piercing eyes.  He was very successfully making her get caught out by her own lies.
‘I don’t know what you mean, I was chosen by my village to travel to the Isle of Cloud, out of respect for our ancestors.’
‘Where is the Unicorn?’
‘How… What Unicorn?’
‘You are the Messenger, Erina of Lofton.  Where is the Unicorn?’  A look of disgust passed over the Captain’s face as he spoke her name.  One that adequately reflected the obvious similarities between her name and that of Errand the Betrayer.
Erina clamped her jaw, determined not to give anything else away.  The Captain shook her shoulders gently, no longer stern or harsh, only a focused intenseness that was almost as unsettling.
‘Thy journey is the most important one of this age.  Your success or failure determines the future of all.  You must tell me where the unicorn is, to help keep it, and you, safe.  My intelligence reports the Priestess order is amassing an army of great strength in this area, and instead you tell rumours of Gall-Sed.’
‘The Gall-Sed are real, I can prove it.’  Erina spoke up, defiant at being called a liar.  ‘Untie these ropes and I will show you.’
The Captain looked back, unconvinced, as he loosened her bindings just enough to let her twist her hands and lift her shirt revealing the pulsating gunk-filled gash.  The stained bandage had partly fallen away from the actual wound, which was pus-filled and red in a way that horrified the Captain beyond the simple acceptance of her words, and her even more.  Erina paused in shock too, as she took in the wound’s severity and state.  She had felt it, but not actually seen it until now.  Dublin was the one who had cleaned and wrapped it, which, given her sudden queasiness, may have been a good thing.
‘I was attacked by a Gall-Sed yesterlite morning, in this forest.’
The Captain sat back, still surprised by the ugliness of the wound and the truth behind it.  It was with a quiet tone the Captain offered his apologies for his lack of belief in her statement.  
‘I will have new bandages organised for you.  Now, you must tell me, where is the unicorn?’
Erina clamped her jaw again.  Annoyance flashed across the Captain’s face, similar to the black-haired Lansford.  Erina cringed, expecting the worse.  Noticing her reaction, the Captain regained his composure and continued in a calm, carefully controlled voice. 
‘In the lite just passed, we encountered a man, a hunter by his actions.  He said he was looking for his lost daughter, who had run away from home.  His description could be of no-one but you.  Now, he’s out there, and I can assure you his intentions have nothing to do with making sure you are safe.  And he’s just the first of what I suspect will be a hundred foul knaves that would do anything to get their claws on you.’ 
The Captain paused, as if purposely allowing a connection to be drawn between the pain of the wound she had already suffered, and the possible deeds of others he was asserting protection from.  
‘So, if you would like to be co-operative with me, you will tell me where the unicorn is.’  
Erina wondered if he was referring to Dublin.  She still suspected strongly that he was the Shadow Slayer.  He had been dark and brooding at times, like the tales, and some of his reactions were more than a little strange.  So, he must be the one the Captain was referring to.  Then part of her mind told her he couldn’t be, Dublin wasn’t that old, at best she would have to say he was five turings older than her eighteen, not a man with a daughter her age.  Plus, Dublin had said he wasn’t expecting someone like her, so it couldn’t be him.  But who else knew where she was, and what she was doing here?  
The Captain interrupted her unsuccessful problem solving.  
‘Do you know what the Gall-Sed are?’
He paused, allowing her curiosity to be properly captured, before answering his voiced question.  
‘They are said to be the tortured souls of all who have fallen in shame.  Cowards, betrayers, deserters.  Any who fled from their sworn duty, now seek only to end their pain by destroying all life in this world.  To keep you safe, to help you, I need to know where the unicorn is.  I am your only hope at this moment.’  
The Captain leaned forward, pressing for an answer.  Erina sat disheartened by the odds against her.  Continuing to hide the truth would not gain anything, especially in light of the horrible reality she faced.
‘There is no unicorn.’
‘What?’
‘It was killed by hunters in Lofton.  It’s dead.’
The Captain slumped back onto his stool.  
‘Then there is no hope.’  
Erina sat lost in her own world, trying to work out what was going to happen next as the Captain dealt with his own situation of despair.  
‘How do you know about the unicorn, the legend, and the quest?  It’s meant to be a secret.  I mean, if everyone knew who the Messenger was, how easy it would be to end the journey?’
The Captain sat up and squared his shoulders.  
‘I am Captain Begard of the Order of the Golden Gauntlet, champion of the house of Pendia, descendant of Rebecca Longarm, hero over the Shadis.’  
Captain Begard paused as if to give effect to his linage and his own importance.  The self proclamation was lost on Erina, she had never heard of the Order of Gauntlet or the house of Pendia, and Rebecca Longarm was someone who had betrayed her men in the shadow realm.  
‘It has been my duty to find the Messenger of this age and bring him, um her, safely to the Icea Stronghold.’
‘But I must go to the Isle of Cloud before the end of summer.’
‘And you will, after you have been to Icea, and the magistrates have ordained the time to be right.  Then, with an escort of knights, the unicorn and the Messenger will journey to the Isle, to perform the necessary task.’  
Erina felt flattened, partly because of Captain Begard’s rote repetition of some orders he’d been given, but mostly because, once again, she seemed the only person who didn’t have a say in her life.  
‘But there is no unicorn.’
The growing commotion outside captured Captain Begard’s attention.  At that moment, the young brown haired knight that had found her, DeLaun, emerged through the canvas flap and bowed respectfully to Captain Begard.
‘Captain, Jace brings news of a large group of Gall-Sed in the forest, heading in this direction.’
Begard glanced at her for a moment before facing the young knight, ‘Tell Thane to prepare the men, we go to battle.’
DeLaun bowed again before leaving the tent with purpose-filled strides.  
Begard turned his attention back to her.  
‘Then the world will face this evil without it.’  
Begard looked worryingly at her again for a moment longer before he too turned and left the tent, leaving Erina still sitting tied up on the stool.

Erina sat lost and uncertain, it seemed everyone bar her knew about this quest, and every one of them had their own ideas on how it should be done.  None of them involved asked her how she felt or what she wanted to do.  She also wondered how it could be done without the unicorn.  It was obviously that important.  Although, tied to this pole, the problem of the unicorn was irrelevant, especially since this knight, Begard, had changed the plan on her.  Not that she knew what it had been in the first place.  She wondered what would have happened if she had told the knight captain of the unicorn horn.  A resurfacing gut feeling told her that she really wouldn’t want that to happen.  The words of the old man, warning her not to trust anyone, came to mind and, once again, she was very aware of how wise these words really were.

The tent flap opened again without warning.  Erina raised her head from her roaming thoughts to see who her newest interrogator would be.  Her breath caught as she recognised a new threat.  With a look of malice and hunger, Lansford, the knight who had raised his hand to hit her, stood just inside the tent.  Erina could feel a shriek of fear flood through her, now he was with her alone nothing could stop him if he chose that path.  Inspired by an unwanted future, Erina twisted her bound hands, attempting to gain the freedom that was not being offered here.  Lansford, the black-haired knight of ill repute, took a step towards her.
‘The word is you are the Messenger, the one who is meant to turn the age.  Is that true?’
Erina remained silent, bracing for what she feared was about to happen.
‘Still not answering your superior?  Well, you will.  If you are what they say you are, it will be me who takes you to the Stronghold, not Begard.  No, not some trumped up peacock living off a lucky ancestral linage.  This feather is to go into my cap.’
With a quick but obviously well practiced motion of his wrist, Lansford drew his dagger from its belt sheath and spun it in his hand, emphasising his deadly talents and intent.  Erina continued to focus her attention on the knot that still held her tied fast to the tent’s centre pole.
‘Answer me now, are you the Messenger?’

Lansford took a menacing step towards her.  As he took a second step the tent flap was pushed aside again, revealing a knight in a green and red quartered surcoat.  The new arrival paused as he eyed the black-haired knight suspiciously.  Smoothly, and without any hint of his intended wrong doing, Lansford continued towards her as he spoke to the young knight.
‘Still can’t work out what the fuss is about, she’s only one girl.’
Lansford leaned across and sliced the binding knot with a smooth stroke before quickly re-sheathing the blade.
‘Here Jace, get her to her horse and be quick, we don’t have all lite.’
Erina noted Lansford spoke with an authoritive tone that dismissed any thoughts of malice he had only a moment before.  Without even glancing at her again, the black-haired knight turned and left the tent.  Erina thought of Thane’s previous reaction to Lansford’s behaviour.  Thane had been annoyed, that bit was obvious, but had not reported word of it to Begard.  Not in front of her anyways.  So, even as disgraceful as it appeared to all, including Erina, his behaviour obviously occurred regularly, and was endured.  Another part of her childhood had just been ripped to shreds.

With haste and little grace, the young knight called Jace grabbed her by her arm and raised her to her feet.
‘Come on, we’re leaving and you’re coming with us.’
Moving faster than her short-bound strides could reach, Erina was dragged more than escorted into the bright world outside the canvas tent, now being hastily dismantled.  Again, with as much dignity given to a sack of corn, she was hoisted up on a pack horse, her hands tied to the crossbar without any consideration of how she felt in the matter.  Captain Begard rode past on his excited charger, reining in only long enough to sternly pass orders to Jace.
‘Whatever happens Jace, do not lose her.’
‘Yes Captain.’  Jace looked at Erina quizzically.  She could tell he saw no value in her, beyond that of another dirty prisoner.  
Lansford, now also mounted, pulled his charger to a halt behind Begard.
‘Come, Lansford, this lite we earn glory with our swords.’
Lansford glanced at her with a half smile that caused Erina to worry.
‘I live for nothing else.’
Both men spurred their prancing horses on, leaving Erina to the quiet guardianship of Jace.

Erina looked around at the men and horses all milling in excitement while she tried to make herself comfortable in the saddle.  She guessed she was about to spend a rump numbing amount of time in it.  The assembled knights had removed the streaming flags and banners from their lances, shields were now strapped to arms, and swords were no longer wrapped, but hung on their belts, the hilts within easy reach.  She mused at how a scene like this matched, almost identically, a tale told by Uncle Bower not more than a moonth ago.  At the time, the story had inspired Ambyr and herself into a tirade of silly, girlish lite-dreaming that took a strong hand from Aunt Tana to rein them back and bring an end to their pointless fantasies.  Yet, right now did not seem to be quite the memorable and exciting moment to her life she had imagined it would be.  She assumed most of the disillusionment came from the fact she felt her life was in greater danger from her proximity to the knights, especially when coupled with the newly created image of disgust at the true reality of chivalry.  Erina stared again at the not-so-charming knights still shunting their horses, jostling for position with less than heroic language.  She wondered if they were as confident as they appeared or whether they too were filled with doubt, and hid it behind their highly-polished walls of steel.  With every movement, they created a constant orchestra of tinkling metal, a shiver almost, that swept like a rolling wave through the ocean of knights.  She suddenly suspected they were, in fact, more insecure than she was, but only just.  As the moments passed, Erina felt a fear grow inside her, she had worked out what was about to happen.  They were not just preparing for battle, they were intending to take her with them into it.

A blast from a hunting horn brought Erina’s attention back to the reality of her situation as the column collectively followed the order to move.  Within minutes, the troop was travelling at an orderly, ground eating lope, back to the shadowy depths of the forest she had just come from.  The wound in Erina’s side pulsed with pain, as if it was growing with every stride that her cantering packhorse was taking her back to the wounds dark source - back to the Gall-Sed.
Chapter 10 – On the Wings of Change

The column of knights cantered on in a disciplined, unspoken formation, with nothing but the hoof beats and the rhythmic clanking of armour to measure the passing of time.  After what felt like hours, when Erina was beyond bored with this body-bouncing, side-aching pace, the sound she had been dreading came to her ears.  Ferocious battle roars combined with the clash of steel and the screams of horses.  They had found the Gall-Sed.  The knights around Erina, hearing the sounds of their comrades already in the glorious battle they lived for, raised their weapons and spurred their horses forward, their cries of intending glory joining with their comrades screams of agony.  The young knight holding her horse’s lead rope, Jace, overcome with the desire to engage his enemy, unknowingly let slip her reins as he readied his weapons and spurred his excited mount on.  Erina’s nag, no longer being led, ran along with its friends for a while, until it realised it did not have to, and slowed.  Not an ex-warhorse, Erina thought thankfully.  None of the knights seemed to notice her gradual slip from the column.  To her relief, their focus on the ensuing battle fully occupied them.  Erina, now partially free, moved to improve her own perilous predicament of being bound to a packhorse, a stones throw from death.  She pulled and struggled, trying to release her bound hands, in the hope of regaining control of her steed that was still wandering, albeit slowly, towards the battlefield.  She could hear the fighting was not far ahead now.  She could hear the screams of the dying warriors and the horrid howls of the Gall-Sed.  She kept working to find a way to avoid making these noises herself.

Erina grabbed desperately at the pommel of the saddle as her whole body was flung uncontrollably forward when the pack horse came to an abrupt halt.  Its head almost touching the ground as the lead rope caught on a log it had just stepped over.  If she hadn’t been tied to it, she would have been launched clear over the horse’s head to the ground below.  She thought hard on whether it was a blessing or not.  She could see knights, now locked in battle with the Gall-Sed, between towering elm and alder at the furthest reaches of her vision.  With little else to do while her jarred wound settled again, she watched the action for a few moments while she worked on freeing her hands.  It did not take long before she realised the knights were being pushed back, overwhelmed by brute numbers of the Gall-Sed - towards her.  The stabbing pain in her side, that had increased to a heavy, pulsing pain, was now the least of her worries.  She tried harder to free her hands from the well-tied bonds.  Her wrists stung from where she had been tearing the skin off, trying to free herself.  She ignored the pain as she twisted harder.  A little pain now was a small price for a lot of life later, but the knots still held tight.

The confused rabble of slaying knights and carnage-wreaking Gall-Sed locked in blood-letting battle, were getting closer.  Erina had already worked out the knights were not going to win, as the Gall-Sed with their numbers were slowly but gradually overwhelming the knights.  It wasn’t a casual, uncalculated assumption.  There was simply more of them, armed just as dangerously as the knights.  It was only a matter of time - and then she knew she would be next.  Realising the situation, she tried kicking the nag she was still tied to, hoping to free it, and her.  Being free-ranging was far preferable, even if she wasn’t in control, then being a sitting duck.  The bay horse, responding to her urging, ran forward and pulled back without success, before protesting against her annoying kicking with a generous round of pigrooting.  Erina clung on again in desperation.  Although being tied to the pommel was not the best situation at the moment, it was more favourable than dangling by the wrists if the horse broke free and galloped madly off.  After a few more protesting bucks, the horse settled and stood quietly as Erina looked around again.  There didn’t seem to be as many Gall-Sed as there had been a little while ago, but there were fewer knights still fighting, and the battle lines were getting closer still.  She knew all it would take was for one lone Gall-Sed, bored by fighting knights, to find her and this would all be over.  Erina looked around again, hoping to come up with a plan to get her out of this predicament.

In a stroke of unforeseeable luck, the scream of a riderless horse galloping frantically from the battle ground startled Erina’s nag.  It pulled back violently in a sudden jerking motion, breaking free of the log, before chasing its departing friend.  As she bounced ungracefully, still tied to the saddle, Erina breathed a sigh of relief, at least her out of control mount was running away from the battle scene and putting much desired distance between her and the Gall-Sed.  Erina jolted along with the horse’s panicked flight, trying to hang on with her legs, in an attempt to stop from falling and being dragged by her skinless wrists.  The nag, after a terrifying head long gallop through prickly walls of hawthorn and hazel, began to slow, unable to keep up with the fleeing war horse.  Then, just as quickly, as if no longer concerned about where it was, it dropped its head and started to graze.  The sounds of the battle were now only faint, hidden from her sight by the heavy undergrowth that had scratched any bare skin, yet they were still close enough to worry Erina.  She knew she wasn’t safe yet, especially as she was still tied to the back of this free-range mule.  She sat for a few moments, trying to work out what she could do now, as the horse continued to casually but determinedly graze.  Not a lot really, until she can get her hands free.  As Erina again returned her attention to escaping her bonds, a noise in the tree on her right made the horse jump before it returned to its eating.  Erina, her heart in her mouth, looked up, scanning the tree for the offending noise maker.  On a branch, not much higher than her head, sat a white owl.  Erina froze, her attention fully on the white bird obliviously ruffling its feathers.  Surely it couldn’t be the same one from the edge of the forest?  What was it doing here and why was it just sitting there looking at her?  Stupid bird!

Before she had time to contemplate the strange owl’s meaning, another sound distracted her.  This one was on the ground, on the other side of a sharp-spined holly bush, in the menacing shadows of a great elm, and of greater concern.  Erina, her heart racing again, tried to work out what she would do if it was a Gall-Sed and hoping, even though it was still an adverse situation to be stuck in, that it was one of the knights come to track down their escaped prisoner, except of course the black-haired and matching hearted knight, Lansford.  Slowly the holly bush began to part and a shadowy form was outlined.  Erina’s horse, also now well aware of the movement, tensed.  Erina, feeling it begin to shift its weight onto its hind legs, braced herself for another mad gallop, and at the same time, readied her legs to help spur the horse on, away from danger.  The shadowy figure pushed through the bush, materialising next to the horse.  Her horse squealed in fright as it began spinning on its haunches to flee.  At that moment, a hand reached out and grabbed the lead rope, halting the spooked horse’s flight while a second grubby hand grabbed at her.  Erina screamed in both fear of the unknown assailant and nearly falling off the shying horse.  In the midst of the confusion, the owl screeched and flew over her head, swooping the shadowy figure as it did so.  The dirty, sinister figure swatted harmlessly at the owl before it renewed its attempt to grab hold of her.
‘Give it to me, it’s mine!’
Erina looked down in alarm as she realised who the filthy crazed madman attacking her was.  It was Lothar the Hunter, slayer of the unicorn.
‘Give it to me I said, or I’ll kill you, it’s mine!’
Erina kicked desperately at him, loosening his grip and knocking him to the ground, but he kept a tight hold on the lead rope, stopping Erina from spurring the horse onto safety, away from him.  Lothar, with his humanity now scattered, stood up slowly, still holding the lead rein.  With a murderous grin, he drew a knife from his belt.
‘You did this to me, you stole my prize.  You took my life, now I’ll take yours.’
Lothar leapt towards Erina, his knife reaching hungrily for her.  Erina braced herself for the hit, but it never came.  As Lothar leapt, a figure burst from the bushes, knocking him to the ground and causing him to release the horse’s rein.  The newest arrival stood up.  Erina felt a surge of glee as she recognised the saving newcomer.  It was Dublin!  Lothar, now twisted by insane rage, scrambled to his feet, throwing himself at her.  Dublin stepped quickly in front of Lothar, knocking him harmlessly to the ground again with a heavy thud.  Lothar stood up once more, and flung himself towards Erina, again ignoring Dublin’s existence.  Dublin, for a third time, intercepted Lothar’s attack with his own body.  This time Lothar froze mid stride.  His face contorted from pure rage to shock as he began to sink slowly to his knees.  Dublin stepped back, closer to her, calmly taking hold of the lead rope of the now traumatised horse.  Lothar looked down at his chest, his own knife protruded from it.  He continued to sink without another word to the ground, to lay cold and motionless for all eternity.

Dublin, without any real sense of distress or unease about what he had just done, turned to her still perched high on her flighty mount.  A look of deep concern, previously absent, now touched his features as he spoke.
‘Are you alright?’
‘Yes, just cut me loose.’  
Dublin, still holding the lead rope, moved to Erina’s side, cutting the binds with a small dagger retrieved from his belt before handing her the reins.
‘Who was that?’
‘Lothar, the hunter from my village.  He’s been following me since we left Lofton.’  Erina looked again at the crumpled form of Lothar, causing Dublin to follow suit.  
Dublin sniffed, completely unimpressed by the person Erina had feared since she was a small child.
‘A hunter.  Well, he won’t be following you any longer.’  
Dublin looked away from the body of Lothar he had made dead, towards the direction of the battle and the sounds of dying and clashing metal.
‘Looks like now’s the time to leave.  You best stay up there.  You wont be able to keep up with the pace otherwise.’
Erina grabbed hold of the pommel as Dublin started off at a loping jog.  She sat, unnerved and confused, as she looked at Dublin.  He’d just killed a man he didn’t even know, without any sign of remorse, solely based on defending her, someone else he didn’t really know.  A tingle of fear shot up her back.

Some two hours later, as the last light of the lite slid behind the mountain towering ahead, Dublin finally stopped in a space between a circle of beech and alder Erina couldn’t even call a clearing.  
‘We’ll stop here for a moment.  Just to eat and get rid of the useless rubbish off the horse.’  Dublin’s tone was again one of unquestionable authority, one Erina still had no intention of challenging.  Erina slid awkwardly off the horse, grateful for the escape from the saddle, as Dublin began to remove unwanted packs from the overloaded beast.  
‘This one we don’t need.’  Dublin tossed the canvas bag at the shadowy base of a thick waxy-leafed bush a couple of strides away, out of sight from the trail.
‘Some of this we might need.’  Dublin handed her a saddle bag.  It wasn’t a heavy pack, but it slipped from her hands and fell to the ground as excruciating pain tore through her wrists.  Erina collapsed to her knees holding her hands to her chest.  Dublin turned instantly and knelt beside her, taking gentle hold of her hands and exposing her raw wrists.  As he examined the deep tears of the knight’s binding ropes, Dublin huffed.  
‘I’m going to have to learn that when you say you’re fine, you’re actually half hacked to death.’  
Dublin turned and tore cloth bandages from something he found in one of the packs.  Erina watched Dublin in silence as he carefully bound her wrists with the make-shift bandages, bewildered by his continuing attentive care.  This gentleness she expected from Aunt Tana, a doting mum, not of a hardened warrior or feared assassin.  He looked up, smiling as he finished, and his eyes met hers for a moment.  There was no hint of the dark warrior of the tales that slew Gall-Sed or madmen.
‘There, a couple of lites wrapped should limit the scarring.’
‘Thank you.’  Erina said quietly with sincerity as she held his gaze.  
Dublin, as if suddenly caught off guard by an unexpected response, opened his mouth to reply but closed it again before quickly turning away, busying himself with the remaining packs.  From over his shoulder she heard him respond.  
‘You’re welcome.’  

Erina looked at Dublin’s back as he jogged in front of the sweating horse she was again atop.  She was confused.  She didn’t understand why he had come back for her.  This was now twice he had saved her, at great risk to himself.  He had also proven twice that he was the most dangerous person she had ever met and yet, in contradiction to every tale she had ever heard about the Shadow Slayer, all he seemed to want to do was save her.  He could have gone on and forgotten her, but he came back.  Even more so was how this evening, as they ate a cold meal of travelling bread and dried fruit, Dublin had sat beside her, barely saying a word after she had thanked him for his help, not annoyed but embarrassed almost.  Once again, the complete opposite to the character of a heartless killer portrayed in every story.  She continued to ponder as they walked on late into the nite, putting as much ground between them and the Gall-Sed as possible.  All the time Erina’s side ached with increasing pain.  She ignored it as best she could, willing to live with the pain for a while longer for the sake of living.  

The North Star had moved a long way across the sky, and the thin slip of a crescent moon had already sunken for the nite, when Erina finally acknowledged she couldn’t go on much longer.  The wound on her side had become agonising from all the jolting and bouncing.  She was sure it had torn open again.  She gathered her courage to fight against her own fear of the Gall-Sed, and spoke to the seemingly tireless Dublin, who still moved at the same ground eating pace he had since he started leading the horse.
‘Dublin, I… I need to stop.’
Dublin slowed to a halt, double checking their immediate location first for danger, before looking to her.  The horse, puffing from the extended exertion, also gratefully came to a stand still.  She could tell Dublin didn’t think they were far enough yet to be safe, but there was nothing else she could do.  She couldn’t go much longer without passing out from the pain.  The look in his eyes for a moment worried her, she was certain he was considering that option.  Dublin looked around again, before finally nodding his head in recognition.
‘Okay.  We’ll stop here for a few hours, ’til dawn.’ 
Erina sighed with relief, in anticipation of having a break.  The feeling quickly vanished as she tried to get off her high perch without causing additional excruciating pain.  Dublin, noticing her trouble, walked to the horse’s side.
‘Here, let me help you down.’ 
He gently lifted her down from her lofty seat with ease.  As her feet gratefully touched the ground, the intense pain rallied its attack, crippling her.  Unable to deal with stabbing waves, her knees buckled.  The falling feeling only ceased as she realised Dublin’s strong arms were around her.  She gratefully collapsed against his chest as he gently lowered her the remainder of the way to the ground.  She closed her eyes, feeling only Dublin’s strength in the world around her.  When Erina opened her eyes again, Dublin was sitting beside her, his face one of grim concern as he looked at her aching side.  She guessed it had split open again, although she didn’t really need to guess, she could feel it as it had oozed and made her tunic sticky.  Erina tried to worry, but she was too exhausted, and the pulsating waves of pain blocked out reasoning thought.  She let her head sink to the ground and closed her eyes again, warmed by the blanket Dublin had placed carefully around her.

From within the darkness Erina could hear something. She opened her eyes as a grey figure emerged from the shadows of the nite. 
‘It’s only me.’  
Erina recognised Dublin’s quiet but reassuring voice.  It wouldn’t have mattered if it wasn’t, she didn’t have any strength left to do anything, but lay collapsed where she was on the ground, helpless.  Dublin knelt down beside her, plastering her wound with something cool and tingly before carefully wrapping it again. 
‘Rest now, we will have to travel again in a few hours.’  
Dublin re-covered her carefully with her blanket before he sat down next to her.
‘Why did you come back for me?’  
Erina knew the pain was making her say whatever came into her mind, she just hoped she wouldn’t say something too silly and Dublin wouldn’t take it too seriously if she did.  Dublin paused for a second as his eyes met hers.  
‘It’s my job to make sure people I’m meant to protect make it safely through this forest, to where they are supposed to go, and especially you.  Now rest, we are not safe yet.’  
He turned away, reaching for a saddle pack.
‘Thank you…for coming back for me.’  Erina wanted to say it before she slipped back into unconsciousness.
She could see Dublin turn back and look at her, smiling gently as he did. 
‘Rest now.’  
He reached across and tucked her blanket more securely round her.  As her sight dimmed, she could see a half smile creep across his face, ‘I would do it again, without a doubt.’  
Even through her exhaustion she could feel herself flushing in a way she didn’t understand.  She only hoped it was hidden from Dublin’s sight by the nite’s shadows.

Erina remembered little of the next lite.  She spent most of it drifting in and out of sleep, perched high above on the packhorse, trying to ignore the constant bouncing in what felt like drizzle.  Before she knew it, it was nite again, and exhausted, she fell gratefully to sleep in her damp but non-bouncing bed, reassured even more that Dublin watched over her.

The sun had made it only a little above the horizon when Erina awoke.  She felt better, the pain in her side was no longer the stabbing, throbbing pain that had plagued her for most of the last couple of lites.  It had lessened to a dull ache only.  She couldn’t believe the difference a couple of hours had made.  She looked around, wondering where Dublin was.  She knew they still had a long way to travel this lite.  Erina paused, suddenly confused by her surroundings.  The thick-trunked elms and moss carpeted undergrowth of the forest had gone, replaced by a sparse openness filled with alpine rocks and sunlight.  She knew she had been almost delirious last nite from pain, but she was sure they were still in the forest.  From behind her she heard approaching footsteps.
‘You’re awake, good morning.’ 
She turned to see Dublin’s smiling face. 
‘Good morning,’ Erina responded, ‘yes, I feel much better now.  But I was sure we were still in the forest last nite.’
‘Two nites ago we were.  The Gall-Sed poison had taken a deeper hold than I first realised.  The only way to stop it was soaklin, which heals by putting the body in a deep sleep.  It would’ve worked quicker if you’d had complete rest, but we couldn’t stay there.  The Gall-Sed would have found us by now.  So, you slept as I led you on the horse.’
Erina felt her side, the bandages were new.  She looked back at Dublin again.  As she absorbed all he was saying she realised how severe the situation had really been.  Taken aback, Erina managed only a timid response.
‘I guess I owe you my thanks again.’
Dublin bowed to her as he placed his right hand on the left side of his chest.  
‘For you who has been chosen to go to the Isle of Cloud, nothing is too much.  It has been my honor to protect you.’  
Erina blushed, confused and unsure of this formal behaviour.  She was just Erina of Lofton, a nobody as far as she was concerned, and being on this quest had not changed that.  All this ceremony seemed almost silly, well maybe not to someone who really was important, but to her it seemed misplaced and made her feel even more uncomfortable than she already was.  Dublin, sensing her discomfort, smiled and quickly changed the topic. 
‘We’ll need to be moving soon, we’re still several lites from Tarita and your pace on foot will be slow until you’re fully recovered.’
‘On foot?’  Erina looked around for the bay packhorse.
‘I released the horse.  The path we need to travel will be too difficult for a horse, and his tracks, too easy for the Gall-Sed to follow.  We’ll pick up some more in Tarita.’
Erina sat silent, trying to take everything in.  She was still feeling groggy, but she knew Dublin was right, they did need to keep moving and she wasn’t going to be able to move as fast as Dublin.  She felt better, not strong.

Giant slabs of granite stood like guardian warriors, holding the darkness of the Gall-Sed contained within the valley below, or perhaps, guarded the sacred mountain tops for themselves.  Erina paused a moment as she passed between them.  Her breath caught as she turned and looked over the land she had travelled to reach this spot.  The world was larger than she had ever imagined.  Below her, Eyfod Forest loomed as dark and brooding as she first remembered seeing it all those lites ago.  The initial impressions it had stirred within her came flooding back, the fear, the uncertainty and the dread of knowing regardless of how she felt, there was no other way but to pass through it.  Worse, those feelings had been right - a terrifying mixture of death and pain.  It was still endless from this side as well, stretching beyond the horizon, a natural divide that made two separate worlds.  The forest itself was more than a passageway between the two worlds.  It was an entire world in itself, where crossing from one side to the other was a journey of self discovery.  One she had undertaken and survived barely, emerging on the other side into sunlight, reborn, renewed as though the passage was the crossing from death to life.  She thought wistfully of her aunt, and of Ambyr, and Uncle Bower, and everyone else who had been important to her still in Lofton.  She hoped they were all safe, far away on the other side of this nite-marish forest.  She hoped they had somehow survived the Gall-Sed as they had swept across the land, across Lofton.  She thought also of Argos and Meka lying somewhere cold and uncared for within the folds of the dark forest, along with countless knights who now shared their final resting place.  She wondered if the fallen warriors had found peace in their glorious deaths.  No.  She could almost feel their restless souls wandering aimlessly amongst the shadows, trying to find their way out of their endless pain.  Erina sighed.  There was no happiness, no memories to keep her here.  It had only been one hafmon and this much had happened already.  She wondered how she would survive the next six, and where she would get the strength.  She turned back to the soaring mountain beyond the granite guardians, back to the figure of Dublin waiting patiently for her.  She left behind the forest and the painful memories it had burdened her with, and continued on with her journey into a new world.  Her future lay somewhere ahead of her.

*******

So ends Part One of Heart of the Messenger… for the moment.  

If you have enjoyed this tale, won't you please take a moment to leave me a review?  If you wish to continue the adventure to the Isle of Cloud with Erina, you can purchase the full copy of my ebook from your favourite retailer.  

Looking forward to sharing the magic of Erina's continuing journey in Heart of the Messenger, and beyond in Book Two of the Falcon Chronicles.

Melody Styles

