Hidden (Book 2 Secrets Trilogy
By Lyza Ledo
Copyright 2012 Lyza Ledo
Smashwords Edition

This Book is a work of fiction. Any references to historical events, real people, or real locales are used fictitiously. Other names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination, and any resemblance to actual events locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.
Acknowledgements
Thanks Kasey , at PWL Editing. You take a lot from me
Chapter 1: Welcome Back to Earth
“Annabel?” Max said from across the lunch table, he was waving one of his rather large hands in front of my face. “Earth to Annabel?” I slapped his hand away, annoyed at his interruption.
“Go away, Max!” I said as I shifted in my seat to ignore him. 
“Annabel--”
“Stop calling me that!” I said as I quickly turned to face him and back around. 
“Annie, why are you mad at me?” he said soft enough that only I heard him. I looked around at the other six people that were part of our summer session, they seemed so engrossed in what they were doing. No one would notice if I punched Max, would they?  Why was he always bothering me? 
“Can’t you find someone else to bother?” I asked actually curious. I turned to face him across the lunch table. Big mistake! Max may annoy me but there was no denying how gorgeous he was. The dark artfully tousled hair that framed his face but never covered his beautifully unique midnight blue eyes. His eyes were like staring at the night sky. They always entranced me and that was something I did not need. I had a boyfriend, Ian, and I loved my boyfriend. Besides Max’s face, with his chiseled, square jaw and those impossible to ignore dimples on each cheek, he was also beefy in a good way. His arms were muscular, much more than Ian’s slim frame allowed. Max had a wide chest that his shirt stretched tightly across. He was Abercrombie and Fitch model material but he was a serious pain in the butt when he opened his mouth. 
“I can’t read you.” He said frustrated. “Why is that?” I sighed, he was talking about this again. Max came from one of the best psychic families in the world. He could read outward thoughts and push thoughts into people’s minds and also had telekinesis if he wasn’t skilled enough. He was beyond gifted just like the rest of his family. He interrupted my thoughts again. “When you first got here you were pretty much putting your thoughts on a billboard for me. Now, I don’t get anything from you. You are doing something I know it!” he said his voice rising slightly giving away his aggravation. 
I exhaled, “For the hundredth time, Max, I’m not doing anything. I only have visions how could I possibly block you out of my head. Maybe we just aren’t on the same frequency.” I added nonchalantly. Lately, Max was getting frustrated that my thoughts weren’t open to him anymore it was a trick my dad taught me to keep my little secret intact. 
When I first got to Pittsburg, Max scared me. He seemed like he was trouble and I didn’t need to be around that. One bad boy in a girl’s life is all she could handle and that space was currently filled by Ian. I didn’t need any more trouble after working through all of Ian’s problems a few months ago. 
My dad knew way more about my skills than I could possibly imagine. When I told him about Max’s abilities he freaked worse than I did, he showed me how to block my thoughts from anyone trying to invade my mind that day. Max had noticed the difference instantly and was not pleased. For the last two weeks he’d been interrogating me to see what has changed, or better yet what I did. Like I’d ever tell him. He was pretty much born into the FBI. Me telling him I had lied about some of my gifts to the FBI would just make my secret… not a secret anymore. I need to keep it under wraps so my fate won’t resemble Max’s in any way. I refused to be kept under the thumb of the FBI for the rest of my life. 
“You are starting to be really annoying.” Max said his face showing all the strain of this one sided conversation which was very uncharacteristic of him.
“Well you have been annoying me for the last month, I think it’s fair.” I said with a smirk. 
“Whatever.” He said as he opened a bag of chips. “So are your parents coming for family weekend?” Max said while stuffing chips into his mouth. 
“Yup and so is Ian.” I don’t know why I said it but I knew it would bother Max. 
“You’re still with that clown?” Max said, his stance stiffening as I said the last part.
“Yup he’s amazing and he is not a clown.” 
“He doesn’t look like your type.” 
I scoffed, “Really? You don’t know anything about me. How could you possibly know my type?”
He enjoyed that statement because he simply burst out laughing. It was very uncharacteristic of him to laugh so freely. Max was always restrained by something. I’m not sure what it was but he had something or someone in his head telling him to hold back all the time to actually display an emotion or multiple emotions meant he was beyond fed up. “Annabel, I think I know you better than you think.” He said leaning in closer to me. 
“And why do you think that?” I asked a little too accusingly because Max picked up on it. 
He laughed again, “Relax I’m not trying to make you mad. It’s just you after watching you for the last month—”
“That’s not creepy at all,” I interjected. 
“Will you let me finish?” I nodded and let him continue. “I don’t think you’re with Ian because you think you should be. I think you’d be happier with someone that gets you. That understands everything you’re going through.”
“Ian understands me perfectly.” 
Max raised an eyebrow in protest, “Perfectly? Well I think I understand you even better than him.” I couldn’t help but laugh at the statement. Was he really this transparent? 
“I don’t think you know anything about me.” I said as I stood up with the remainder of my lunch I really wasn’t in the mood to finish. I walked across the large room that was our cafeteria and threw my trash away. I was hoping to leave Max behind but he followed closely and was still talking. There was no escape. I started down the hall to my room that I didn’t share with anyone since there were only eight of us here. I walked in actually feeling somewhat at home. We were allowed to decorate and I had gotten several posters and pictures to place around the room. It made me feel less uncomfortable but as I closed the door to my pseudo home it flew back open with Max stomping into my room. The guy had nerve. “Why can’t you just leave me alone?” I said exasperated.
“I’m not done talking but you decided to walk away.”
 I rolled my eyes and turned to see the time. Training didn’t start for another hour, I was stuck. 
“Fine what?” I said as I sat at my desk chair. 
Max pulled the other desk chair towards mine. I watched quietly as he moved and sat down in the chair that he placed a little too close to me. I shifted mine back slightly in reflex. I didn’t like how Max affected me. It wasn’t like with Ian but there was just something mesmerizing about this boy and I was not going to get swept up into it. I couldn’t. I loved Ian. 
“You don’t get how special you are,” he started and I rolled my eyes again. “Stop doing that.” I nodded and he continued. 
“You are gifted. Do you really think some ‘norm’ deserves to be with you?”
  ‘Norm’ was the term that everyone but me called normal people because they were average. The norm to the situation while we were the anomalies to science and nature. It was a nickname I wasn’t fond of after all my mother and boyfriend were ‘norms’. 
“Just because you are this amazing psychic doesn’t mean Ian is any less than you. He’s a great person and that’s all that matters to me.” It was Max’s turn to roll his eyes. He leaned forward his elbows resting on his knees and he grabbed hold of my hand. I pulled away instantly. “Don’t do that” I said angrily. 
“Annie, we would make one of the strongest family alliances if you just said yes.” Oh god, not this again. 
Max was impossible to figure out and like it or not that was probably why I was still talking to him. He would always throw things out, saying he liked me, but then he would say stuff like this and make me feel like it was all a business deal that he had to complete no matter what. I didn’t trust him but I couldn’t deny that some part of me might actually be drawn to him. I was a walking contradiction and hated myself for it. 
“I’m done with this conversation, Max, can you go?” He stood up when I did. 
“Annie, just let me finish--” 
“What is there left to say? You think we could make a good alliance. This business arrangement will make me much happier than being with Ian. Honestly, Max you’re wrong. You’re wrong because I don’t even want to be a psychic. I don’t even want to be here. I’m here because I have to be and when this summer is over I plan on never coming back.” 
Max’s eyes darkened and I felt how angry I had just made him but he held back as usual. I was renouncing everything he felt made him above everyone else. “I don’t understand how you cannot appreciate how special you are. How could you not be proud of what you are?” he seemed to be trying to shake off the negativity that I had put out with my speech. He was walking to the door backwards, still facing me. The disbelief, disgust, and frustration showing clearly on his face, he walked out my door and slammed it most likely looking for a chance to vent. 
I fell on to my bed aggravated. I wanted to scream. Why did everything have to be so complicated? Why did I have to be stuck at this stupid place when I just wanted to be normal? Why was wanting to be normal making me an outcast? Why did Max have to make me want to rethink my stance on my gifts? Why did I have to be stuck here hiding my telekinesis? Why was I always hiding something? Most importantly why did I have a million and one things to answer?

I looked over at my alarm; it was ten minutes to one. I sat up and looked for my backpack, I need to stop wallowing. I had training and the least I could do was take an Advil before I had a mind numbingly terrible headache to atone for later. Here, at whatever they called this little camp setting, we had class in the morning and trainings in the afternoon. Mornings consisted of history and fact finding. We learned about the overall history of psychics and psychics helping the FBI. With fact finding sessions we mostly researched our own families to see how far we could go back. The farthest I had gotten, was Lucia Lee’s grandmother, Annabella Giordano. I found it ironic that her name was Annabella but when I asked my father he had no clue about it and said it was strictly coincidence. Right.
Annabella Giordano however seems to be a bigger mystery than I intended. Since she was alive in the 1800s in Italy, the records are a little fuzzy. The stories about her abilities were mostly known due to the fact that her husband, Alessio Giordano was a writer, who constantly wrote about a heroine who had psychic abilities and telekinetic skills, a lot like Lucia. His works were not very popular due to the nature of his writings but several historians hypothesized that he was writing about his wife and child, Alessia. 
I can’t really find any truth to what these historians are talking about. I can’t even find any more details about the Giordanos’ life other than his writings. It’s been a dead end for weeks and only results in me being even more frustrated.

Chapter 2: Helping
Training in the afternoons is completely different from class. We have two training sessions. It starts with physical combat at one and ends with psychic warfare at three. Combat has been the only joy I’ve had being in this place while warfare is making being here harder and harder each day. Warfare is making it impossible to actually get through this awful summer. 

I walked into combat and took my usual place near the back. “What happened at lunch?” I turned to see Lindsey Archer sitting beside me. 
“What do you mean?” I asked turning to face her. 
“You and Max. You stormed out. Seriously, I’m dying to know what is going on between you two.” Lindsey said her hands moving animatedly as she spoke. She was quite the character. I think she spoke more than she breathed but apparently that was a trait I looked for in friends because she was just like my best friend, Jamie. “So?” she said curling a blond curl around her fingers. 
“There’s nothing to tell. Nothing is going on between us.” I said as I watched the door to make sure Max wasn’t coming in and overhearing the conversation. The boy didn’t need any inflation to his already enormous ego. It sucked to have only eight people here because I had to see Max nearly every second of the day. He always insisted on making his presence known too.
“Come on you guys looked like you were having another lover’s quarrel.” Lindsey said her big brown eyes full of suspicion. I rolled my eyes. This was getting tiring. 
“Honest, Linds, nothing is going on. I have a boyfriend.” She shrugged with my statement. I don’t think she believed me when I told her I was only interested in Ian. Realistically, I don’t think anyone believed that nothing was going on between Max and I.
“That didn’t stop you with Ian.” Lindsey replied. 
I looked at her insulted that was the last time I was telling someone that story. “Lindsey that is so different, don’t compare him to Ian.”
 She shrugged, “He likes you. I’m just pointing it out.” 
“I know that and I’d prefer if you didn’t push him further. I’m not interested.” 
Now it was Lindsey’s turn to look insulted. “But he’s Max Harlow.” She said it like it was supposed to mean something, but it didn’t. “He’s beyond hot, I don’t get you at all, Annie.”
“Yeah, he may be attractive but he’s the biggest jerk I’ve ever met.” I said and turned toward the front of the large room ending this conversation. I was so over this discussion and I hoped Lindsey noticed. She did, after a few seconds she fell silent.

It was combat time and I had more than enough aggression to take out on whoever my partner was today. There were five girls and three guys at the camp making it never completely fair in combat, so we were forced to choose new partners each class. To freshen up our skills and still stay focused because we never truly knew our opponent. 
“Annie?” I heard my name and looked up. Great! Max was looking at me. My name was written on the slip in his hand. I groaned and walked over to him. “Nice to see you too.” He said not too nicely. 
Only perk of having Max as my sparring partner: he was the one that had caused all my aggression. It was only right that I got to take it out on him. 
 ~~~
“Ready?” I asked and he nodded. It started off easy. Max threw some punches that I easily dodged. I shifted beside him and landed a kick to his stomach. He wasn’t as focused as he normally was. He groaned but didn’t even stop from landing a blow that left me on my hands and knees. I blocked another attempt to completely send me to the ground and slid a leg out and tripped him. He was on his back, complaining. To complete the exercise we had to incapacitate our partner for ten seconds. I know it was very reminiscent of those TV wrestling matches but I still sat on his chest for sheer entertainment purposes. Usually I would just hold his arm behind his back. That’s what we were supposed to do. It was supposed to be in preparation for arrest. I don’t know why I sat on him but hey I don’t weigh much and he deserved to be pissed. 
“What the hell?” Max said angrily, attempting to shove me off of him. 
“One…two…three…four…--”
“Get off me, Annie!” He said belligerently still pushing but I wasn’t budging. 
“Six…Seven…Eight…Nine…Ten” I said casually as I stood and tried to help Max by taking my hand but he brushed me off. 
“What the hell was that?” He shouted heatedly. 
“I was incapacitating you for ten seconds.” I said nonchalantly as I went to see what the next assignment was. The agents seemed amused by what I had done to Max. Only problem was he wasn’t amused. 
“That doesn’t count,” he said looking at the agents for confirmation. They appeared to disagree and gave me the next task. I pulled out the fake swords while Max tried to renegotiate. 
“It’s just sparring don’t take it so seriously, Harlow.” I said with a smile as I threw him the sword. He looked enraged by my pleasant demeanor. “Ready?” I said still plastering a smile on my face. I think getting under his skin was more fun than actually beating him up. Good to know.   
Fencing took longer because we didn’t actually hit each other. How much damage can you do with a wooden sword? None, is the answer. Max still seemed to be steamed after we finished. It could be that I tripped him again with my sword or the fact that he hadn’t exerted his revenge yet. But it was too late; he had never gotten his chance because combat was over. I was practically skipping to psychic warfare than I realized where I was going. Max was going to have the last laugh. 

Psychic warfare is not a very fun activity if you are supposed to have no powers to combat others from attacking you. I don’t think I’ve ever made it through the class without passing out from all the stress. The instructors always left me for last knowing I would more than likely pass out during the exercise. I was watching the rest do their thing with their cool abilities that I was supposedly lacking. It would be easier to fight back but then I would never escape the FBI’s hold on me. Max was last. I think they left him next to last just so I would be an even bigger disappointment. There was no denying Max was skilled. The boy could nearly take everything they threw at him without even flinching. It almost made me jealous but then I thought about how I was actually getting away from this life when Max couldn’t. I would be free if I just survived this summer. That was the only thing I needed to remember. 
“Annabel,” Bolis called for me to enter the combat chamber. It was a bright stark white room that had two sets of large windows taking up two of the walls. One window was for students to watch and the other was for the agents to watch. There were never many people around when I was up. I’m sure it was nothing personal. 
I walked in nervous of what they were going to do to me today. This class scared me the most because it was the one I was most likely going to slip up in. I turned to face Bolis and the rest of the instructors’ stern faces. He was the only semi happy face I made out through the window. The rest looked like they didn’t even want to be there bothering with me anymore. 
“Okay Annie, we are going to start out slower today and slightly increase to see what happens.” Bolis said threw the microphone located on the desk in front of him. I nodded in understanding. “Ready?” I nodded again and it began.
With everyone else there were actual items they used and attacked the students who then had to use their abilities. Since I was lacking any form of defense they gave me a more internal test. They wanted to unlock something in me, I wasn’t sure what, but they expected me to have some random ability appear and stop them from torturing me.  Yeah, I don’t think I got the logic either. I stood in the center of the room preparing for the onset. I don’t know if it was a psychic ability or a machine but it was the most awful sound in the world. They started.
I felt the screech in my head almost instantly. It was hard to distinguish at first but then the volume seemed to steadily rise. I wasn’t sure how they controlled the intensity but I knew it only got worse. It sounded like nails on a chalkboard amplified by one hundred. I felt my knees get weak as I gripped my head to stop the searing pain that was ripping through it. I don’t know how they kept the sound localized to my head but it was from what I could make out while suffering through unimaginable pain. “Stop no more.” 
I begged but they didn’t listen, they never did. I fell to my knees the pain only worsening by the minute. I wanted them to stop the pain making my head nearly ready to explode. “Stop please!” I tried again hoping they’d show me some sympathy after a month of torture. The screeching only increased. I felt myself fall to the ground, I couldn’t even support my weight. My face was resting against the cold white tile. I tried to lift up but it wasn’t possible my limbs protested and I stayed sprawled on the floor. It worsened again. I wouldn’t wish this pain on my worst enemy. It went black.

I opened my eyes. I was in my room, it was dark but the sun hadn’t completely set. I sat up looking around at my surroundings hoping Max or Bolis brought me back they’d still be waiting for me to come to consciousness. I regretted sitting up. My head was throbbing, it was the worst headache I ever had. I shut my eyes to block out whoever turned on the lights in my room. God, why didn’t my head just explode already? 
“Annie,” Bolis said his voice getting closer, “We need to talk.” 
I opened my eyes trying to ignore the throbbing. “About what?” I said exasperated.
“I know you don’t feel well. But they are starting to think that your abilities won’t grow.” Bolis said he was making his worry clear. The wrinkles around his eyes deepened as he absorbed my groggy and pained state.
“Bolis, I told you what I could do, they haven’t seen any changes. Why am I still here?” I said frustrated that my summer was wasting away for no valid reason. 
“You are different. We just haven’t found the right force to make your abilities apparent.” I shook my head in protest.
“You’re wrong.” I said “What makes you think I’m so special?”
He looked at me thoughtfully before he spoke again. “Your family line is very special. We just want to be completely sure that we ruled out everything before we let you live your life normally.” He shifted uncomfortably before he added the last part. “That’s why we are personally making sure that Mr. Molina makes a visit to see you this weekend.”
My mouth dropped open. They knew something about how Ian affected me.  How? “Why does him coming matter?” I asked focusing on not trying to give away the fear in my voice. 
“Well when we first met you, you were with him.Whitman recalled that she was drawn to him but couldn’t figure out why.” He rubbed the bridge of his nose as if he was getting a headache himself. “We just want to identify the relationship and label it in the appropriate manner.”
I was in shock, “Here’s the answer, he’s my boyfriend. I like him, my personality is drawn to him.” 
“Whitman doesn’t absorb any parts of your personality just your gifts and they are drawn to him.” I shook my head in disagreement.
“You can’t bring him into this. He has no legal obligation to do anything you say. I’m the only one you asked for and you have me.” 
Bolis didn’t look amused anymore. “That isn’t the point. He may be the key to improving your capabilities. It doesn’t matter how you feel about it he’s coming. Your father already verified it.” I gulped.
“I’ll tell him not to.” I replied defiantly trying to hide the fear gnawing at my insides. 
“Annie, don’t be difficult.” Bolis said, the irritation still present on his face. “He will get here whether you fight tooth and nail against it.” Bolis said keeping his voice even. I looked at him hoping he saw the hurt on my face. “I know you’re angry with me but I have a job and this is part of it. I can’t be your friend anymore.” Bolis said walking closer and placing a hand on my shoulder. I slapped it away as soon as it landed. If he wasn’t going to play nice I didn’t have to either.
“Just go, Mike.” I said raising my head and regretfully showing him the tears blurring my vision. 
“Do you want me to send Lindsey in?” he asked trying to resolve the turmoil he was causing.
I shook my head, “No, I think I want to be alone for a little while.” 
“Okay,” he said wearily, “I’m sorry I have to be so tough, Annie. You’re a sweet kid but that’s not what the FBI is looking for. Dinner is in a half hour hope you feel better by then.” 
I nodded in response to Mike Bolis and he left with one last wave goodbye.  I watched the empty entryway for who knows how long. Why did being here seem to be getting harder and harder? I was dying to be free in August, only it wasn’t coming soon enough. My dad had warned me about what went on here and for the most part nothing had changed. Sure, they tried to appear more civilized but they were still torturing us. Okay, maybe I was the only one being tortured while the rest fought off everything that came at them. I didn’t think that was very fair but no one said life was fair. 

Chapter 3: Tease
 The Advil must have done its job because my head didn’t hurt nearly as much as before. I laid in bed the rest of the day not caring that I missed dinner or any social interaction. I wanted to absorb everything that happened today so I could get through the rest of the week until Ian and my parents had arrived. Friday needed to come already. 
I dozed off eventually waking to a soft tapping on my door. I looked around it was still dark. Who would be at my door? I walked over and opened it slightly, only enough that I could see who was outside. 
“I’m sorry, Annie.” Max said his head down in remorse. 
“For what?” I asked still groggy and in need of more sleep.
“For earlier.” Max looked down the corridors, he was the only one there. “Can I come in?” 
“Max, it’s four in the morning. We can talk later.” I said, no longer groggy. I prepared to shut the door in Max’s face but he stopped me.
“I can’t sleep. I need to get this off my chest now.” He continued, I sighed knowing he wasn’t going to give up and I still wanted a chance to sleep.
“Okay, come in,” I said knowing full well I would regret this. I opened the door wider and switched on the lights as I followed Max. He sat at my desk and I sat at my bed, still hoping I could catch some shut eye after this. 
“I’m sorry I woke you.” He started, “I know I should have waited but I couldn’t,” he seemed uncomfortable with the upcoming conversation.
“What do you want, Max, I’d really like to get some sleep.” I said as I looked longingly at my pillow. He’d better hurry up. 
“I’m sorry about earlier. I didn’t mean to make it sound like a business deal. I never seem to get what I want to say out in front of you.” 
“I make you nervous?” I said with a chuckle.
“Not nervous, flustered.” Max corrected. “I like you…you know that. You are so special and you don’t even know how much. It frustrates me when you say you aren’t. I know it’s not your fault, you’ve been raised by norms. They don’t get you. I don’t really think you get you, but I’m willing to show you this is a blessing that you shouldn’t be ashamed of.” He seemed to be done after that little speech. 
I thought over everything he said before I questioned him, “Why do you think I’m so special?” I asked simply. “FYI I would never change being raised by my mother she was the best mother and not the reason I hate my gift. 
“I understand that and I know you must love your mother.” He shifted before he started again. The full force of his eyes placed on me. I fought the urge to gulp as the weight of his eyes rested on mine. “You are special even among psychics.” He started. I looked at him confused. I wasn’t getting the cryptic message he was making.
“Why?” I asked when he didn’t automatically continue. 
“Because your psychic line should be extinct.” He added finally averting his eyes from me. 
“What does that mean?” I asked. “Why?” 
“Well the average psychic line that involves ‘norms’ usually loses all psychic capabilities within two generations, how is it that your family has been marrying ‘norms’ for four generations and you have powers?”
I blinked, that’s all I could do, this was horrible. How do you explain something you don’t know? “How do you know about my family?” I asked actually finding coherent and plausible thoughts forming now that the initial shock was subsiding.
“I know more than you think.” Max added still cryptic. 
“Why do you know this?” I asked feeling my growing frustration towards him.
“Because since the moment I met you I knew something was special. It was only natural that I looked into it.” Max said his gaze returning to me, without a hint of embarrassment.
“Okay, then why are you telling me this?” I asked as I looked at the time. How had an hour gone by so quickly?
“Because you are special. You shouldn’t have any abilities but you do and not only do you have them but they are stronger than your last three generations. Frankly, it’s kind of freaky.” 
“I’m not stronger.” I said hoping he believed me and didn’t want to throw another curveball at me saying he knew about my telekinesis. 
“You are, I read your initial interview. You see the past, you dream visions. You block me, whether you like to admit it or not.” Max said the insistence shining in his dark eyes. I looked away quickly. 
“Max, it’s not that big of a deal.” 
“Yes it is!” Max hissed. “Your family could be the start of something better. We wouldn’t have to just marry psychics to remain psychic--” 
“You can marry anyone you want.” I replied aggravated. 
“You may be able to but that isn’t an option for me.” Max said evenly. I looked at him and for the first time I actually understood his fluctuating feelings towards me. He didn’t know if I was a blessing or a curse. 
“Max, you are your own person. No matter what your parents say you can love whoever you want.” He looked at me, his defenses on alert. 
“You don’t understand.” He said venom seeping from his words.
“I do. I understand that your parents have your whole life planned. That you are going to be in these FBI walls until you die and the only purpose of marriage for you will be to pass on the psychic line of the Harlows. You don’t have to do everything they expect of you. Being a seventeen year old makes you in charge of your destiny. You are supposed to rebel.” I said hoping he understood how many possibilities his life could have if he took them. 
His hard façade cracked a little. “I wish it was that simple, Annie.” He whispered. I heard the sadness in his voice. I had to walk over and console him. 
“It doesn’t have to be.” I said while placing a hand on his shoulder. 
“You know just when I think you hate me. You go and do something like this.” He said still trying to restrict the sadness in his voice but failing. 
“I don’t hate you. You are just frustrating sometimes. I wish you would respect the fact that I have a boyfriend.” I said still trying to be as soothing as possible.
“I will. I respect Ivan--”
“Ian,” I corrected.
“Ian, and I won’t try to pursue you anymore. Will you be my friend then?” I looked at his hopeful eyes suspiciously. This felt like a trick, my brain was screaming it was a trick but looking at him I couldn’t say no. Damn those puppy dog eyes!
“Okay. That means no teasing me, my boyfriend, or my family.” He nodded in understanding and stood up, finally signaling the end to this conversation. 
“Great, I guess I should be getting back to my room now.” He said as he looked at the time and seemed embarrassed about being in my room. “Goodnight, Annabel,” he said leaning in towards me. I was afraid of what he was going to do but he just hugged me. A friendly hug, with no hidden innuendos, it was so unlike Max. The sirens in my head started sounding. I knew something bad was in store I just didn’t know what. 
“Goodnight, Max, call me Annie.” I said as he walked towards my bedroom door.
“I like Annabel better, it’s prettier…just like…nevermind.” he said as he seemed to shake the thoughts he was having out of his mind. I watched him walk out and quietly closed the door behind him. 
I looked at the alarm and I sighed, I only had three more hours of sleep ahead of me, but at least tomorrow was Friday. I got settled back into my bed and looked at the ceiling not really sure I would actually get to sleep after what happened. What was I doing being Max’s friend? I know it seemed like he needed a friend, but was I that person. How would Ian feel about it? Crap, I forgot to call him. When it seemed that my thoughts were racing a mile a minute I just dozed into oblivion. 
My alarm made me jump the next morning. Groggily, I turned off the deafening siren sound it made and stumbled to the shower. My mind was racing again as soon as the water touched my skin. 
I dressed and looked for my cell phone. My parents would be on their way with Ian. I was so excited. I dialed his number and he answered on the second ring. “Hey beautiful.” Ian’s deep voice blared through the phone. 
“God, I miss you.” I said in response. 
“You talked to me Wednesday.” he said with a chuckle. 
“I know but I haven’t seen you in over a month.” I whined. 
“That’s exactly why I’m coming to visit you this weekend.” He said and I swore I could hear the smile on his face. God, he really was coming. I was so happy. 
“I can’t wait until you’re here.” 
“I know me too. Do you want to talk to your parents?” 
 “No, just say hi for me I have to go to class now. I love you, Ian, see you soon.” 
“Love you too, I can’t wait. Bye beautiful.” 
“Bye,” I hung up actually feeling absolutely perfect. Talking to Ian was the most therapeutic thing for me while I was trapped in this hellhole. 
I stepped out of my room and walked to grab a cup of coffee and a donut before running off to class. I entered the cafeteria to see Lindsey waving me over. I grabbed my food and went to her table. She was sitting with the twins, Janelle and Janette. “Hi guys.” I said as I sat down. I looked around to see the only other girl, Deena sitting with the boys getting her early morning flirt on. “What’s new?” I asked as I took a sip of the delicious brew in my hands. The FBI could really make a cup of coffee. 
“So is it true?” Lindsey started. 
“What’s true?” I asked curious. 
“Deena hooked up with Max, and he spent the rest of the night groveling for you to forgive him.” I nearly choked. The gossip was really vicious around here.
“Guys, I have a boyfriend and it’s not Max so whatever he’s doing with Deena. I have no clue.” 
“But I thought I heard that Max was coming out of your room at five in the morning.” I almost choked again. This was not the morning to be having rumors of me dating Max. Ian would be here soon.
“Max was in my room but that’s not why. He was stressed I was just being a good friend and talking to him.” 
“Really?” Lindsey said giving me her most suspicious expression, which involved her forehead scrunching in thought and her eyes closing slightly into thin slits.
“Honest, I’m not interested in Max. We are just friends.” I said aggravated that I was always defending myself. 
“Friends? Yesterday you hated the guy. Now you’re friends?” Lindsey added. She was seriously killing me right now. The twins just looked at us not adding a word to the conversation. 
“Max is frustrating. I don’t hate him but I understood him a little better after we talked. We are only friends and that is not changing.” I said, my good mood dwindling as the minutes passed by. 
“Okay, but I hope Deena Miller knows that she’s been giving you the death stare since you walked in.”
“I really don’t care what she thinks.” I said with a shrug. I took one more swig of my coffee before I stood and walked with the twins to throw away our trash. Class better be less frustrating. Boy was I wrong. After a month, the rumor mill actually had something to work with. That was all people wanted to talk about. When I sat down, Owen and George came up to me next to tell me what Deena said happened. This was going to be a long day. 
“Apparently, Max and you had a huge fight and broke up. You know I remember you guys arguing at lunch. So she went to console Max and they…you…know…it’s Deena Miller she’s the easiest girl here.” I sighed as I listened to Owen’s story. 
“Let’s cut to the chase. You and Max are dating? Did Max go to your room to beg for forgiveness? Was he in your room at five a.m?” George said after Owen disrupted his own story several times. 
“You can quote me on this guys, I am not dating Max Harlow nor have I ever or do I plan to. He was in my room this morning but it was to finish the fight we had earlier. We argued. Why isn’t Max getting harassed about this?” I said and then turned to see him sauntering in late.
“This is the first time anyone has seen him today.” Owen added quietly. I rolled my eyes. 
“I am so not in the mood for this.” I said to myself. George chuckled when he heard my whispered monologue. 
“I know right before family weekend.” 
“Yeah, my boyfriend is coming too today.”
  “Yikes… so it’s true? You’ve had a boyfriend this whole time and are dissing Max’s attempts at hitting on you.”
“George, that is the most truth I’ve heard all day.” 
“We’ll keep the gossip down for you, Ann.”
“Thanks.” I whispered before class began.

Chapter 4: I missed you
Class went by uneventful. I gave a few glares in Max’s direction but he didn’t seem to pick up on it. Deena was monopolizing on all his time at the moment. The girl was so obvious it was nauseating. She made every attempt at touching him she had, and never seemed to let his glance stray from her. I wish someone would just telekinetically throw a book at her. 
My attention was soon shifted when Agent Collins called our attention and announced that afternoon trainings were cancelled thanks to family weekend. This was turning into a biweekly ritual that I was thankful for. I didn’t want to be comatose when my parents got here to visit. Nothing else of interest seemed to happen until class ended. 
Max caught up to me in the hallway shirking off Deena’s vice grip on his arm. “Annie, I’m so sorry.” He said sending another angry glare in Deena’s direction but I didn’t turn to acknowledge him or Deena. 
“About what?” 
“About Deena and the rumors.” he said apologetically. “I didn’t know she would follow me when I left. I didn’t know she’d tell everyone everything.” He stepped in front of me blocking any chance at an escape as he grabbed my shoulders. 
“Why are you apologizing? I cleared it all up. It doesn’t matter. I’m just trying to make it through the day and see some people I actually care about.” I said snidely. I saw the anger flare over Max’s face but he recovered quickly. I had to admit, he was perfect for the FBI no matter what you threw at him, he’d roll with the punches never fully giving away what was spinning in his head. 
“I know you’re mad but I was serious about what I said last night.” He said still not letting go of me. 
“Exactly what were you thinking coming to my room after you hooked up with Deena Miller?” I got him with that because I saw the hitch in his breathing as he contemplated an answer. “Why, Max?” I said evenly knowing I had just found his sore spot.
“I felt bad about how I left it with you.” He said in hushed tones. 
“And you couldn’t just tell me that today?” I asked still feeling my bubbling rage at this mess. 
“Annie, being with Deena was a mistake. I was upset after fighting with you and she was there. I…” He stopped talking and just looked at me.
“Well spit it out I don’t have all day.” I said nastily. He was really trying my patience today. He looked away from my face for a moment and I could tell he was having trouble keeping his emotions hidden. He was trying to resurrect the mask that he normally wore, but was failing. What was the problem?
“I shouldn’t have done it and after I felt worse. I needed your forgiveness.” 
“Here’s a reality check, Max, contrary to your beliefs and everyone else’s we are not a couple. You don’t need to apologize about hooking up with Deena because frankly I don’t care. You and Deena are meant for each other. Congratulations. Secondly, consider yesterday a figment of your imagination, our friendship is dissolved. Don’t even bother saying hi to me.” I said as I pulled away from his hold and walked towards my bedroom.
This was not the day to be dealing with all the crap Max Harlow brought into my life. I was done dealing with him. At the moment I didn’t care if there were only six other people to associate with I’d make due.
My second class went by slowly. I barely typed anything into the computer search engine let alone learned any more about my family. It ended and I was off to pace my room until Ian and my parents arrived. During class I felt Max’s gaze land on me but I glared back until his stare retreated.
I heard a knock on my door. “Who is it?” I asked as I fell into my desk chair tired of pacing the small expanse of my room. 
“It’s me, Lindsey.” She opened the door as she said the words. 
“Hey,” I said trying to smile but knowing it seemed weary. 
“I heard what happened but hiding in your room isn’t going to help anything.” I nodded in agreement. After all she was right. 
“Today was just a mess. I don’t really want to see anybody. You know except you.” I said with the sincerest smile I could muster.
“You miss your family more because of this.” She said as she sat beside me in the other desk chair. 
“Yeah, I want to just run back to Philly and get back to better times. This place is torture.” I said with a sigh. She hugged me. 
“I know this isn’t the best place to be. Believe me I wish I had my summers back.” She said the nostalgia clearly evident in her voice. Lindsey’s childhood was similar to Max’s. Although her family was less intertwined with the FBI they had given her up when her powers emerged. She had spent every summer since her tenth birthday at a FBI facility. When her eighteenth birthday finally came around there was little doubts in her mind that it would be impossible for her to escape the FBI’s grasp. She was gifted, the fact that she could blow things up in her mind and had the ability to block anyone from invading her mind was impressive. She pretty much mentally had a sword and shield. It wasn’t really fair, but I was much happier here as her friend than her enemy. 
“God, I feel like such a jerk. Sorry, Linds.” I said wincing as I thought back about my complaining when she had so much more to complain about but never did.
“Why are you apologizing? You were venting.” She said with a shrug.
“I know but you’ve had it so much worse.” I said feeling guilty for my own self pity. 
“I don’t think I have. Annie, we are very different. This is a lot harder for you because you can’t defend yourself. I don’t mind being here but you, this is a lot more taxing on you. I’ve watched the warfare classes.” She said her face becoming very serious all of a sudden. It was an uncharacteristic expression on Lindsey. It scared me to know how much worry she actually felt for me. “The searing migraines after you pass out. The fact that you pass out every class, they are torturing you. No offense, Annie, but after a month they should know you can’t handle the stress. Why are you still going to that class? Why are you still here?” I gulped. wasn’t that the same thing I asked myself yesterday or every day after I woke up with a pounding headache? 
“I’ve tried to get out of it but they think that I have the ability to defend myself they just haven’t found the right combination to wake up whatever dormant gifts I have.” 
She shook her head in disbelief. “You’re sixteen?” I nodded in response. “You can’t still be gaining power. That’s absurd.” She said with a soft chuckle. 
“Not when you shouldn’t even have abilities to begin with.” I added sadly.
“What?” she said her wide eyed stare telling me she didn’t know what Max had known. 
“I should be a ‘norm’ my mom’s a ‘norm’, grandfather was, my great grandfather was, my great great grandfather was too. So why didn’t my family line die out two generations ago like it should have? Honestly, I think that is the question everyone is trying to figure out. I guess that’s why I’m still here.” Lindsey just blinked in response. 
“Oh my god!” she said shaking her head in disbelief. “I see that explains a lot.” 
“Like?”  I asked afraid of what she’d say. 
“Why you’ve never been here, what you can and can’t do. Why you’re dating a ‘norm.’” I nodded knowing what she meant. The other kids here had been through FBI summers for years I was the new face but I was much too old to be new. 
“Linds, you can’t tell anyone about this.” I said suddenly realizing how much I had just told her. I was getting too close to the people here. Dad would not be pleased when I told him what Max and now what Lindsey knew. 
“Yeah, I won’t tell a soul I swear.” she said an earnest expression on her face. 
“Thank you.” I said as I hugged her again. 
“God, how’d we get so serious? I wanted to see what happened with Max. You dropped him in the hall like it was nothing. Deena was fuming you should have seen it. He dissed her when she was right behind you.” My mouth opened in horror.
“That was harsh.”
“Yeah,” Lindsey said with a giggle. “I think it’s karma that’s what she gets for being a conniving b--”
My phone rang cut off the profanity Lindsey was about to use. “It’s Ian!” I squealed in obvious excitement. Lindsey smiled and left my room so I could answer the phone privately. 
“We’re here.” Ian said smoothly into the phone. I couldn’t help but squeal again. “I’m glad you’re happy about that.” he said, his smile obvious over the phone. “Bolis is escorting us to you now.” He said the smile gone from his voice and a sound of unease was present. I didn’t know if I was detecting his emotions in his voice or if he was so close I could feel his emotions again but I didn’t really care when he was here. “I gotta go be there soon.” He said the smile coming back into his voice. I smiled as I hung up the phone. This would make everything right. Ian was here. My world was not off its axis anymore. 
A few minutes later a knock came at my door and someone opened it cautiously. It was Mike Bolis. He peeked in before he opened the door widely revealing my mother, father, and Ian. I ran to him the second I saw him. He wrapped me in his tanned arms and lifted me up. The electricity of his touch working at full force making me miss the feeling I hadn’t known in a month. “I missed you.” He whispered into my ear before he put me back on the ground. Our eyes stayed locked for a moment. I tested our connection. It was still there, as I felt the happy emotions rolling off him in waves I couldn’t help but smile. 
I walked over to my parents who quickly dropped each others’ hands when I went to hug them. Suspicious, but I will overlook it until I’m home and can actually observe their behavior. Last family weekend I felt like they were putting up a front to show they weren’t worried. They both were concerned about my welfare but I think that agreement had led them to find comfort in each other. Right now that was only speculation or hopeful thinking on my part, still a girl can hope. 
“I missed you guys.” I said as I hugged them. 
“I can’t wait till you’re home.” My mom whispered and I knew it was taking her all her might to not cry. 
“Aw mom, I can’t either it’s so weird not seeing you.” I said as I kissed her cheek when she ended our embrace. My dad’s front was much better than my mother’s. He seemed composed and ready to be the only logical head in the room. 
“I’ll let you get reacquainted.” Bolis said making his presence known, “Dinner is at six, I hope you will all be staying.” He said putting on a friendly smile. My father greeted him with an equally friendly smile and Bolis left with a nod towards me.
I sat down on my bed absorbing the jubilant effects having Ian and my parents finally around, had on me. I felt like I was whole again. I looked over at Ian I didn’t realize how much I missed him until I saw him. His hazel eyes gleamed and made me happily remember his gaze haunting me when we first met. It was still just as powerful. My gaze drifted to his full lips for a moment. Making me hope we had a second alone sometime this weekend. All I needed was one kiss to remember the electricity and power between us. Ian was tanner than usual perhaps it was the summer rays, that I was getting in limited quantities thanks to this facility. I couldn’t wait to be home and relaxing at the beach catching some last minute rays with Jamie.
“So how has it been going?” my dad started. I knew he was going to get straight to the point. I gulped and he didn’t look pleased. Ian sat beside me resting an arm over my shoulder. I closed my eyes relishing his touch but quickly returned to the business on hand. 
“No one knows about the extra stuff. Max Harlow can’t read my thoughts, but he’s done some research on me.” I looked up at my father to see his reaction.
“What kind of research?” He asked pointedly. 
“Our line. He was curious why our line didn’t dry out.” My dad nodded, but seemed very displeased with the information. “I may have also mentioned some vague details about this to Lindsey Archer.” My dad’s glare was all the response I needed, he was livid. 
“How’s warfare?” he said exhaling deeply trying to control his temper. 
“I’ve passed out every class” I said depressed by the news. My dad nodded and a flicker of pain etched his face for a split second. He had been through the same hell I was currently going through. Back when he was under FBI jurisdiction tactics lacked the finesse they seemed to develop in the last twenty or so years. Still warfare training was prehistoric and dangerous. 
“Anything else?” He asked and paused when we heard a knock on the door. I walked over and opened it. I saw the sorrowful and remorseful look on Max’s face and slammed the door closed as soon as I saw that it was him. No one else knew it was him and I hoped he’d just go away. He’d left me alone this long. 
“Annie, I’m going to wait here until you talk to me.” Max shouted. I felt Ian’s unease grow. 
I opened the door slightly. “Listen, I told you what I wanted to say earlier. I am trying to enjoy my family weekend. Why don’t you do the same? I’m sure Deena Miller is dying for you to pay her some attention.” I said evenly and closed the door on his stunned face. It felt great to take him by surprise the jerk deserved that and more.
“What was that?” my father asked the worry noticeable in his tone. 
“Nothing.” I said trying to suppress my anger at Max and get back to what was important. 
“It didn’t sound like ‘nothing’.” My father continued. 
“Well it’s nothing!” I said a bit too loudly as I sat back on my bed. 
“Anna.” My dad said trying to approach the topic in a softer manner. “What is going on? The Harlow boy was just at your door wanting something.” 
I sighed. I had to tell them something. I hoped Ian wasn’t too jealous. “Max has this idea that he is going to sweep me off my feet. It’s not happening. I had an argument with him this morning when his girlfriend was spreading rumors about me.” I said simply. I felt the rise and fall in Ian’s temper. 
“How do you feel?” Ian said from beside me. 
“I think he is a pompous jerk that just wants to push my buttons. He’s an idiot.” I said meaning every word of it at the moment. Everyone nodded not wanting to say much after that. 
“I wish I was here with you.” Ian said it so softly it almost sounded like a sigh. 
“I know,” I said turning my gaze to him. I smiled weakly and hoped he read the exasperation I had from being separated from him. 
“So I was thinking, why don’t we have a sleepover tonight?” My mom said trying to ease the tension in the room. 
“That sounds like a great idea. I never get any alone time with you anymore.” I said giving her another hug as we prepared to go to dinner. As my parents freshened up, Ian snuck up behind me. He twirled me around and placed a soft kiss against my lips which was more like he brushed across my mouth than kissed me. The moment he stopped I felt like I needed more. His kisses were something I didn’t like living without. 
“I love you, Annabanana,” he whispered in my ear and then kissed my cheek. 
“Ready?” My mom said from behind us. 
“Yeah,” I said shifting in Ian’s embrace.

Chapter 5: Truth
We left to enter a surprisingly crowded cafeteria. Agents, parents, and kids were spread everywhere. My parents soon stopped to talk to some parents they had gotten to know last time we were here. I think they were Owen’s parents but I wasn’t sure. 
Ian followed me to sit with Lindsey, Janelle, and Janette. “Are your parents here?” I asked as I sat down with Ian beside me. The girls looked up, their eyes widened slightly as they took in Ian’s presence, but they remained quiet. 
“Yeah, they are here but they ditched us to talk to other grown ups. So is this Ian?” Lindsey said her voice was giving away her disbelief. 
“Yup,” I said with a smile. “Janelle, Janette, Lindsey this is my boyfriend, Ian.” 
“Nice to meet you girls.” Ian said with an embarrassed smile. 
“No wonder you won’t give Max the time of day.” Lindsey said and then covered her mouth. She really did say anything that came to mind. The twins looked at her in shock. 
“I think she meant that…that you are ….um..” Janelle had started but didn’t finish her usually pale skin was giving away her embarrassment. 
“I meant you are hot, Ian.” Lindsey said before Janelle died of mortification. 
Ian simply laughed, “Thanks, I’d take that as a compliment then.” He was charming the socks off these girls like he had once done to my mother. 
“So, Annie tells me you met in Philly. Was it romantic?” Janette said taking a stab at shifting the conversation from something less awkward. 
“Um actually it was anything but romantic.” Ian started. “I thought Annie was stalking me.” 
“No you didn’t!” I said insulted. The girls were giggling with our bickering. “You knew I was just trying to talk to you.” 
“Well you were stalking me.” 
“I was trying to save your life.” I said evenly.
“And I will forever be grateful,” Ian said as he placed a peck on my lips. I let the blush cool before I began to speak again. 
“I had a vision and I wanted to warn Ian--” 
“She freaked me out…she’s telling me all this scary crap and then I ask her how she knows all this and she goes I can’t tell you.” Ian said a small smile on his face, he couldn’t hide while the girls giggled. 
“I couldn’t tell him.” I said defensively. 
The girls laughed and Lindsey quickly went onto the next topic she knew about everything else…mostly.
“So another rumor control matter, did Max really go to your room a little while ago?” Lindsey said her playful tone more obvious. I felt Ian’s grip tighten on my hand and Lindsey must have noticed too.
“Don’t worry, Ian, you have nothing to worry about Annie only has eyes for you.” She said with an oddly reassuring tone. 
“Yeah, I slammed the door on him.” The girls laughed. 
“God, can he not take a hint?” Janelle said between chuckles. 
“Apparently not, I think the only reason he did leave my door is because my parents were there.”
“Ouch, let’s hope he’s got the hint now.” Lindsey said reassuringly as she finished off her carrots. 
“So now that your parents aren’t here do I get the real story?” Ian said after taking several calming breaths. I looked at him for a moment of course he knew I was lying. 
“It’s a long story.” I said as I glanced in his direction again.
“We have plenty of time.” Ian said as he set the full force of those hazel eyes on me. I took a deep breath and started.
“The last month has been frustrating. I thought Max was just trying to annoy me but I think he sort of has a crush on me.” I looked over to gage Ian’s expression, it was stoic. The rage he had was kept well under wraps that I barely noticed it myself. “Yesterday was the falling out. We had a big argument about him wanting to be with me and I kicked him out of my room. Apparently, he ran right into Deena Miller’s grubby hands.  Then had the nerve to feel guilty about it. He stopped at my room around five in the morning and we talked. He told me that he understood why I didn’t want to be with him and we could just be friends. I didn’t know why he was there, but it was a different Max so I went with it.” I took a deep breath and continued with my story. “Today was weird. Max stopped me to apologize and tell me she didn’t mean anything and I should forgive him. I just told him to go away and consider our friendship dissolved.” I finished the story and finally looked over at Ian. Again his expression hadn’t changed.
“Okay thanks,” Ian said as he kissed my forehead. The girls watched the interaction but didn’t say a word. I wasn’t sure if that was a good thing or not. It was uncomfortable, shouldn’t Ian be more upset about this? I didn’t push. If he wasn’t jealous I could accept that. It was good that he wasn’t jealous I didn’t want him flying off the handle here when he was obviously outnumbered. 
Dinner finally started and it settled down. No trouble seemed to be brewing until the end. I noticed my father and Ian sneaking off to talk to Agent Bolis and his partner Agent Whitman. Ugh, it’s been a month and she still hadn’t grown on me. That women just bothered me in ways I couldn’t describe. Maybe it was the permanent scowl I saw on her face or the fact that her dislike for me was so obvious it was clear every time I saw her.  My mom stopped me from following them. “What’s going on mom?” I asked when she stepped into my line of sight. 
“Do you think we could get some junk food for our sleepover?” my mom asked, deflecting my question almost instantly.
“Mom, I know something is going on.” I said crossing my arms over my chest not willing to change the topic again.
“Did your father tell you that they wanted Ian to spend a few days here with you?” my mom started. From her expression, I knew she wasn’t happy about this development. 
“No, but I think Mike may have mentioned something.” I said showing exactly how I felt about the situation. 
She nodded in understanding. “We don’t want that to happen. I’ve talked to Angela just in case, but that is the last resort. Your father is trying to work it out.” 
“Has he been successful?” I asked hoping I didn’t just ruin Ian’s summer like I did my own.
She shook her head, “Not yet but I guess they are talking again. Don’t interrupt, Annie, let your father do what he does best. He is a lawyer after all.” I nodded in understanding. She was right, there really wasn’t anything for me to do except trust that my dad knew what he was doing. No matter how much I wanted to fight it was a fruitless effort for my part.
“Now back to what I was talking about.” She said as she started pulling me towards a vending machine. “What would you like? We have to stay up late and talk and the only way to do that is….chocolate” she said as she pulled out some dollar bills and chose anything with an ounce of chocolate in it. 
I couldn’t help but laugh as we walked to the room with several candy bars, a few bags of m&ms, and some popcorn. All the weight I had lost here was about to be gained back tonight. “So I was thinking I don’t remember you bringing any movies here so I brought a few of our favorites.” 
“Okay, what did you bring?” I asked already knowing the answer. Me and my mother were hopeless romantics when it came to movies. It would be nice to sit up all night and watch movies with her. 
“I brought Pretty Woman, How to Lose a Guy in Ten Days, Ever After, Titanic, and Step Up.” She said, her features actually lighting up as she talked. I really looked at my mother for the first time today. She was such a beautiful woman. She was letting her blond hair grow out from the bob she had cut it into right after leaving Boston. Her light waves now fell to right above her shoulders. Her blue eyes, which matched mine exactly, shimmered as she tried to recreate happier times between us. Her skin was a nice honey color from spending time in the sun. I was slightly jealous of her coloring. I wasn’t going to get much color this summer so for once my mom could taunt me about my paleness. Her thin fingers pushed her hair back and she continued talking about what we should watch tonight. I was happy I had a lot of her features I didn’t know it until I met my father a few months ago. 
My mother and I shared the same eye color and slender frame although we both seemed to be above average height. I stopped at 5’7 where my mother stopped at 5’9.  I had her similar facial structure with high cheek bones, wide eyes, a small nose, and thin lips. Not too thin but thin enough that I always hated the way they looked. 
The few things I had inherited from my father where my hair and extremely long fingers. I didn’t know if it was pointless that I stopped playing piano at ten or not. Other than that the similarities stopped. 
I walked into my bedroom with my mother in tow. We threw the mounds of junk food onto the empty desk as my mother went to look through her luggage. As she went into the bathroom there was a soft knock on my door. It was Bolis, my father, and Ian. 
“Annie, can we talk to you?” Mike started as he walked in after my boyfriend. 
“I guess…go ahead” I said as I sat on my bed leaving the two desk chairs free. Ian sat beside me as a calming shoulder I assumed I’d need soon only guessing at what they were about to tell me.
“I know I told you this before but now it’s official.” Mike started. “Ian and Steven will be staying this week. So we can assess your relationship with Ian and the effects he may have on your gifts.” I swallowed absorbing what I knew was the inevitable. “You won’t have to attend trainings for the week. As it will give us more time to interact with you and Mr. Molina.” 
“Why are you staying, dad?” I asked knowing there wasn’t any nice thing I wanted to say to Mike Bolis.
“I just want to make sure they keep up their part of the arrangement.” My father said his expression not giving the slightest hint at what he was thinking. 
Bolis nodded, “I will let you get back to your visit.” He said quietly and left the room.
“What do you think they are going to do?” I asked when I was sure Bolis was long gone and out of ear shot. 
“They want to have another assessment of your skills.” My father said automatically.  
“Do you think that would include Whitman?” I asked actually afraid to have to come in contact with her again. After our first meeting my contact with her had become less and less.  I had become mostly Mike Bolis’s charge and he took care of anything that involved me and for that I was grateful.
“Yeah, she will be the one specifically testing you.” My dad said, his own resentment about the issue showing. Just then my mother came out of the bathroom, she looked around the room and knew the news wasn’t pleasant. 
“Charlie, can we talk alone?” my father asked as he took her hand in his and escorted her out the room without another word.
“So how do you feel about this?” I said turning to face Ian. 
“I don’t really know what to feel.” he said with a shrug. “I mean Steve warned me and my mom. I guess it’s a bad thing and a good thing at the same time.” Ian said stepping closer to me. 
“A good thing?” I said confused.
“Yeah, a good thing,” he said standing just a few inches in front of me, his fingers running through my hair. “Now I get to see you for more than a weekend.” He said before he kissed me. It filled that void I had tried to fill so desperately but the truth was only Ian could fix the aching I felt with just one kiss. His lips pressed to mine begging to make the kiss more intimate. I happily agreed and our kiss deepened. The electricity shooting through my body barley left me able to keep myself from collapsing. “I think I miss that more than anything.” Ian said with a mischievous grin. 
“Gee thanks, I thought you would just miss being with me.” I said pretending to be mad but knowing it was impossible when he was smiling like that. He kissed me again his hands wrapped possessively around my waist keeping me close to him.
Maybe there was a positive to this even if the only thing I was considering was the fact that I had people who loved and knew me around for at least a week.

Chapter 6: A New Way
The weekend went by quickly once I knew Ian’s fate. The sleepover with my mother was fun. After staying up into the early morning hours gossiping and talking about who I liked and disliked with her, we watched a movie and fell asleep. She even attempted to get some new information out of me about Max Harlow, but I didn’t budge on the story I had told her and dad earlier in the day. Max Harlow was most definitely not a topic that was to be discussed with mothers. 
 The next day was uneventful. I went to the mall with my parents and of course an FBI escort. We ate out and enjoyed being normal besides the guy in black a few feet away watching our every move. Sunday came too soon and we were taking my mother to the train station where Angela, Ian’s mother, would be picking her up like they had previously arranged. 
Monday started with my alarm. It rang too soon. I rolled out of bed and was ready in fifteen minutes. I went to brush my teeth and came out to find Ian sitting on my bed with two cups of coffee in his hands and a smile on his still groggy but adorable face. “I could get used to this.” I said happily as I sat beside him and he handed me the other coffee.  
“The coffee is really good here.” he said as he took another sip from his mug.
“I know it’s the only thing they can do right.” I said happily as I breathed in the alluring aroma of the brew in my mug. “Did you put…”
“Three sugars and one creamer…yeah” he said as he looked up at me, a smile coming back to his lips. He leaned forward his mouth touching mine for the briefest moment. I couldn’t suppress the sigh that escaped from feeling the electrical currents running between us. “I could get used to this too,” he said with another devilish smile. He extended his hand as I jumped off my bed and went to my first class. Despite having trainings off I still had to go to class under my father’s recommendation I had to take Ian with me. 
I walked into the still empty classroom and sat in the back across from Ian. “So this is history.” I said before anyone got here. “It’s mostly psychic history, so you won’t know anything really but it’s sort of interesting. More interesting than actual history I guess.” 
Ian smiled reassuringly, “I know I won’t mind. Oh I forgot,” Ian said digging in his backpack. “Sticky bun?” He said handing me a packaged pastry. 
“Thanks,” I said taking it out of the package. I wasn’t aware of my hunger until I saw the sweet cake in front of me. I took a bite before I offered Ian a piece. He shook his head saying he had eaten already. “How early did you wake up then?”
 “Seven, I wanted to make sure I beat you out of your room.” He said smiling slightly at me.
“It was a great surprise.” I said not helping it and smiling back. This was turning out to be one of the best days I had ever had here.  The class started to fill with the other kids. I looked around, Max wasn’t here. With any luck maybe he wouldn’t show up. With my luck that never happened and he sauntered in a few minutes later. He looked around the classroom, noticed me, and also noticed Ian than strode to the other side of the room and sat.  Lindsey was chattering about how lucky it was that Ian could stay the week but I wasn’t really paying attention especially when I had something so much better to pay attention to …my boyfriend. 
She finally turned around to pay attention to class. Dr. Chandler didn’t even say a word about Ian. He eyed him oddly and then went on to lecture about the importance of psychics in the World Wars. He rattled off some names and then some of their gifts as well as countries of origin. Definitely stuff he expected us to know on the next exam. I scribbled down some of the stuff he was saying but was momentarily distracted by the smug look on Ian’s face as he sat back and just absorbed what the guy was saying. “That will be it today, guys.” Dr. Chandler said wrapping up the class. We all stood and started out to the open corridor. 
This corridor had bad memories from only last Friday. The memory of yelling at Max came to mind as I past him with Ian’s hand in mine. He didn’t let me slide away that quickly he grabbed my other hand. 
“Annie.” Max said and I quickly pulled my hand out of his. “Can we just talk for a minute.” He said looking past me at Ian. I looked between them. The hallway had cleared out. 
“What do you want?” I asked exasperated. 
“I want to talk to you alone.” Max said stepping closer to me.
“Yeah right.” Ian said not even attempting to hide his hostility and walking forward to stand beside me. 
“He’s right, Max, anything you want to say to me can be said in front of Ian.” I said feeling a little better about the situation. 
“But…fine.” He said quickly. He exhaled deeply before he began. “I gave you space like you asked and I was wondering …” he said and kind of stopped talking as he saw Ian’s angry glare. “I was wondering if you had forgiven me yet and we could go back to being friends.” He said rushing the last bit out. 
I looked at him for a moment, “I don’t think Deena would like if her boyfriend was talking to me.” I said remaining uninterested in the conversation. 
“Annie, you know that Deena isn’t my girlfriend.” He said. His midnight blue eyes meeting mine. I looked away.
“Well I think that’s something you should tell her.” I said starting to walk away. 
“Annabel, just answer my question.” He said, the frustration starting to seep into his voice, but his face remained calm and rational. 
“I have to think about it. I don’t really trust your intentions anymore.” I said turning away from him and walking down the hall. I stopped when I realized Ian wasn’t beside me. I turned around to see Ian and Max just glowering at each other. That was not a good sign. I walked back and grabbed Ian’s hand. “We have another class in a few,” I said to him as I pulled Ian along. 
After we made it to our empty classroom since we were fifteen minutes early, Ian had a chance to vent. “The more I see of that guy the more I don’t like him.” Ian said through gritted teeth. “Do you see the way he looks at you? Like you are his play thing, the nerve that guy has.” He continued. 
I placed a hand on Ian’s shoulder, “Why are you so angry? I thought I did a great job of defending myself.” His angry expression faltered. 
“You did.” He said with a little chuckle. “He was fuming after what you said and I thought you were civil about it too and that pissed him off more.” Ian said, a smile actually coming to his face. 
After lunch, Ian and I were scheduled to go to the warfare room which would be deserted because everyone would be in combat. Ian followed me to the place. “Well this is homey.” He said taking in the sterile nature of the room. The stark white walls and flooring and the lack of anything else. 
“Yeah, doesn’t it make you feel warm and fuzzy inside?” I said as I opened the door to the instruction room. That’s where the agents usually sat to throw whatever they felt like at us during class. Whitman, Bolis, Collins, and my dad were waiting for us. They smiled but I noticed that Whitman’s always fell short around me. She disliked me more than she disliked the other kids, or so I assumed.  
“So how does this start?” Ian said breaking the silence. 
“Well I think we want to see if anything has changed.” Whitman said stepping forward. 
“I thought we were going to be testing if Ian was special and if that affected me?” I said as I stepped back closer to the door and further from Agent Whitman. 
“That’s an excellent idea, Annie.” My dad said. 
“So what do we do now?” I said relaxing slightly. 
“Tell us about how your gifts respond to Ian. Whitman said when she has your abilities she is drawn to him, can you elaborate?” Bolis said the friendliest smile possible spread across his caramel features. I had practiced this with dad and Ian. We were going to tell most of the truth here. It was our only plan of action and hopefully they would know something that we didn’t. 
“Well it’s odd when I touch Ian there is this rush of electricity.” I started.
“Does it happen every time you touch? Does it maintain after long contact?” Collins asked seeming more interested than he had a few moments ago.
“It happens every time we touch and it is maintained even after long periods of contact but dies down to more of a dull shock.” They seemed to understand and I continued. “Another interesting side effect is when we are touching if I have a vision Ian is able to see it too.” I said and then looked around to gage the stunned expressions on the agents. 
“He can see your visions?” Whitman said in disbelief. “Are they clear?” 
“Yup, he sees them as well as me.” I said. 
“Do you think she is a projector?” Collins asked. 
“To answer your question, no I’m not. I’ve tested it out Ian is the only one I can project my visions onto and it’s not Ian either.”
They whispered in hushed voices for a moment. “Would you mind if we tested it out ourselves?” Collins asked.
“How do you expect to test it?” I asked hoping Whitman wasn’t part of the equation. 
“Dr. Chandler has visions too. He can try to project a vision onto Ian and see if it works and we are going to find another ‘norm’ for you to test it out on hopefully we can find one you’ve never touched previously.” Collins said as he pulled out his cell phone to make the necessary arrangements.
“This will be a very interesting experiment. Is there anything else that you and Ian share?”  Bolis asked looking up at me after Collins walked out. 
“Is there supposed to be more?” I asked back deflecting Bolis’s question. Over the last month I had gotten better at deflecting his questions, it was hard talking to a human lie detector on a regular basis. I think he knew I did it but never pressed the issue. He enjoyed that I tried to get around his gift. 
“Dr. Chandler will be here shortly and he’s bringing his nephew with him, he’s a ‘norm.’” Collins said to clarify.  I nodded and we patiently waited for them to arrive for the next few minutes until they made me set up for my interaction with Ian and Chandler’s nephew. 
I wrote down with as much detail as humanly possible two recent visions I’ve had giving visual, auditory, and tactical information that was available to me. When I finished both men were here. I walked into the Warfare center room with Ian. 
“Okay begin whenever you are ready and don’t forget to say what you are doing” Collins said through the mic. 
“First I’m going to start by thinking of a recent vision. It has to be a strong one or you won’t be able to resee it. Then, I will place my hands on Ian’s shoulders and focus.” I said as I brought the image of the first vision I had when I had gotten here to the forefront of my thoughts. I placed my hands on Ian’s shoulders and I saw the vision again.
“I saw it.” Ian whispered as my hands dropped to my side. 
“What happened?” Bolis asked grabbing the paper where I had written down my vision. 
“Annie was lying in her bed in her room. You and Max were standing over her. She woke up and asked how she had gotten to her room. You told her that she passed out during her warfare class and that you both carried her back to her room.” Ian said sending a worried glance at me.
“What were we wearing?” Bolis asked. I rolled my eyes. I knew Ian would answer every question they threw at him. 
“No offense but even without seeing the vision I knew what you wearing, Agent Bolis.” I wanted to laugh but covered it up with a cough. 
“Are you done with the jokes, Mr. Molina?” Bolis said, his tone stating he wasn’t impressed. 
“Annie had an off white tee shirt on with a balloon and a porcupine on it. She had navy shorts on too. Max had a light blue polo on with jeans and you had a black suit on with a black tie and white shirt.” Ian said matter-of-factly. 
“Did you feel anything?” Bolis asked knowing I had written that there was a pulse in the vision from my pounding head. 
“Yeah my head was killing me it was pounding like someone just took a hammer to my head.” Ian’s gaze flickered to me quickly telling me the guilt he felt for leaving me here. I shrugged it off, even he wanted to help when there was nothing he could do to change what had happened to me. 
“That’s correct” Bolis said, “Dr. Chandler you can go into the main room now. Annie come back up here.” I looked at Ian and gave him a hug before I left.
“Good luck,” I whispered into his ear as I started to leave the main room. I watched as they tried the same thing only it was Dr. Chandler and Ian. 
“So what did you see, Ian?” Bolis asked at the end of the exercise. 
“Nothing.” Ian said simply.
“You didn’t see a thing? Feel anything?” 
“No.” Ian said irritated that they didn’t believe him. 
“Fine, switch.” Bolis said. I went back to the warfare room.
 Ian grabbed my hand before I left and whispered into my ear. “I think he thinks we’re lying.” Ian said softly. I understood what he meant as soon as he said it because I had the same sinking feeling that was not making them want to believe us, just push the issue that they thought I was hiding far greater talents than they believed. 
I turned to see another boy enter the room. His name was Jordan. Dr. Chandler had introduced him when they first arrived. For a nephew, he looked nothing like Dr. Chandler. He had light blond hair shaven closely to his head and had the deepest green eyes I had ever seen. They reminded me of the jungle. He had a sharp nose that seemed to make his small mouth seem even smaller but that seemed to be the only thing small on the kid. He was easily seven feet. I was tall but he was ridiculous. 
“So Jordan you saw how this works.” I said with a smile, hoping to ease his worried mind. “I don’t think I could reach your shoulders so I’ll just touch you arms, okay?” he nodded and I thought about the vision I had last week. It was a little more personal than the one I shared with Ian, but Jordan wasn’t going to see it so it didn’t matter. 
I exhaled and focused completely on the images in my mind. I placed both my hands on each of Jordan’s arms. A few moments later I let go of him. 
“Did you see anything?” I asked as I stepped back out of the guy’s bubble. 
“No,” he said it simply. 
“Nothing?” Bolis shouted so loud in disbelief that I jumped several feet out of surprise. 
“No,” he said again with more conviction. He opened the door for me and we joined the rest of the crowd. 
Chapter 7:Disagree
“She’s not a liar!” My father shouted towards Whitman. For the last hour they had been arguing back and forth about what was occurring between me and Ian. There had been numerous theories but no conclusive decision had been made. So far, my dad’s theory had come into play, Ian somehow amplified my gifts. Whitman thought it was all crap and the only way they could get to the bottom of this was by taking my powers and trying herself. I didn’t feel that was necessary after the last time that happened I wasn’t really ready for a repeat performance. 
“We will know for sure what is going on if I just test out her powers myself.” Whitman insisted. 
“You know your gift is draining. One time is all I'm allowing Annabel to endure.” My father spat back. He looked like he was on the verge of murdering the snide women. His hands were trembling with his rage. 
“It is a large ordeal for the body, Val” Bolis said trying to talk some sense into the woman. 
“But this is the fastest way to answer our questions and stop wondering.” She shouted back. She was incensed that no one was agreeing with her ludicrous plan. Honestly, I was thankful I could live without that woman ever touching me again. 
“Yes, but she is under eighteen and her father is forbidding it.” Bolis said trying again to calm her down. 
“Since when does that matter?” she said showing the exact reason I detested the woman. She had no heart. Her gift tortured people and she had no qualms about using it as long as she got what she wanted nothing else mattered. 
“Listen, Mike, I’ve tried to be very easy going about this whole situation. I understand why my daughter is here but I refuse to subject her any longer to these archaic practices that your partner is so insistent on using. I’m leaving tonight with Ian and Annabel. We have officially ended communication.” My father said standing and heading towards the door. Ian and I stared at him stunned and then quickly scurried to follow him. 
“Dad!” I said when we finally caught up with him. 
“Yes, sweetie?” he said sounding completely different than he had a few moments ago.
“You know I can’t go. We made a deal.” 
“Annie,” my dad stopped and turned in my direction, grabbing my shoulders firmly. “These people are monsters. I don’t care what they do. We are leaving. I refuse to leave you here to be tortured.” I didn’t know what to say to that. I stared at his frightened dark eyes knowing he firmly believed every word he was saying. I nodded and his grip loosened. “Good, now go pack. We’ll meet you in your room in fifteen minutes.” He said stopping only to give me one last look before he hurried off to the room he was sharing with Ian.
I watched them rush along and then walked to my room. I opened the door to my room and fell onto my bed. I wanted to scream. How had everything gone so horribly wrong in a matter of hours? Everything I had planned for the last few months was now slipping from my grasp. I was never going to be free. I would never be able to live my life without a black car following closely behind because I was leaving now. I felt the burn in my eyes. I wanted to cry but I couldn’t, there were more important things to do …like pack. I starting pulling out cases and contemplating a way for me to still fulfill my side of the deal. I was drawing a blank.
“What the hell do you think you’re doing?” Max shouted as he entered my room without my permission and not so much as a knock. 
“What does it look like I’m doing? I’m leaving.” I said as I went back to folding the clothes into my suitcase. 
“You can’t! Why?” Max said his face actually showing every emotion he was feeling. Rare.
“Why does it matter to you? We aren’t even friends.” I said as I turned my back on him yet again. 
“Annie, you know that isn’t true.” He said stepping closer. I felt his hand touch my shoulder and I shrugged out of his grip.
“I’m busy say what you will but I’m leaving.” I said pulling all the articles of clothing I had in another drawer onto my bed. 
“Why are you leaving?” he said trying to seem calm but his expression gave him away. He was upset.
“Because I don’t belong here.” I said simply as I started folding at a rapid pace. 
“You do belong here…you’re gifted.” He said, the conviction clear.
“Not gifted enough.” I said as I placed everything from my drawers into my first suitcase.  
“Don’t go please.” He said as he came closer to me again. He extended his hand to touch my shoulder but I quickly recoiled and moved to grab another pile of clothes to fold.
“Get away from me.” I said annoyed at his sudden change of character. “I have to go!” I shouted back.
“But you don’t want to.” He said, a flicker of hope crossing his face. 
“I have to I will be tortured if I stay, I hate that I have to go but I do.” 
“I’ll protect you.” He said firmly. I couldn’t even suppress the cynical laugh that escaped my mouth. 
“Yeah, right you are the poster boy for the FBI. You won’t be disobeying them anytime soon.” I said angry enough even he noticed. 
“I will I swear! You can’t go. Annie, don’t leave me here.” Max said the sorrow cutting through my angry haze.  After everything he did to annoy and frustrate me I don’t know why I always fell for his pleas. I actually felt guilty not enough to listen to him but enough that he noticed.
“Max,” I said softly, “It’s complicated. If I stay my life is going to be a living hell but I’d keep up my end of the deal and maybe be able to be free after this. If I leave I will be followed for the rest of my life but I will never have to be someone I’m not. Being here is frustrating when you are the weakest one here.” I said hoping he’d see why I was so torn and not try to confuse me anymore.
“Stay. They won’t hurt you I promise.” He said coming towards me again. 
“Max stop!” I said firmly as I walked to my wardrobe again and opened the next drawer. 
“You said it yourself everything would be better if you stuck it out here. You’d be free.” 
“I said that but I don’t really believe it.” I admitted sadly. He followed me again but this time a bit too closely. 
“I think I’m as trapped as you are.” I said turning to actually look at him. He stepped closer, his hands grasping my arms. “Get off of me.” I said trying to free myself from his grip. 
“Annie, you don’t know how special you are.” He said his hands still not budging.
“Ian is in the building if you try to kiss me he will kill you.” I said hoping to scare him, but it didn’t seem to bother him. 
“If you’re leaving consider it my parting gift.” Max said his face coming closer to me. I understood that he was hurt and disappointed but why was he doing this?
“Stop Max…you were just saying you were going to protect me. This is not it!” I shouted. His expression shifted to anger for a moment but he quickly recovered. His one hand brushing stray hairs away from my face, I hoped I could get away but he held firmly.
“This is probably the last time I’ll ever see you.” He said a sad look on his face. His mouth was only inches from mine. I did the only thing that came to mind. 
I threw him against the opposite wall. As soon as it was over I regretted it that very second. “What the hell!” he said angrily as he stood back up. “I was just trying to say….” But he trailed off when he realized what happened. “You…you threw me?” he said a rush of confusion and shock flashing across his face. “You have telekinesis?” he asked. I looked away, it was probably the dumbest thing I’d ever done. He stepped forward. “That’s what you were hiding from everyone….from me?” 
I felt horrible all I wanted to do was curl up into a ball and cry my life would be officially over once Max walked out of this room and told everybody what I had just done. Which I had no doubt he would after all he was a Harlow.
“Why didn’t you tell them?” he asked his voice no louder than a whisper. 
“I’m not like you.” I choked out, the tears starting to shed of their own accord. “I can’t be here for the rest of my life. I want a life.” I said as I turned towards him. 
“I want a life too. It’s just not something I’ve been given the opportunity to have.” He said his voice still soft. “God, Annie, all this time you’ve been hiding that? All the times I watched you pass out from the torture they threw at you and you could have defended yourself?” I nodded tears soaking my cheeks, I wiped at my face with my sweatshirt sleeve. 
“That was the only way they would let me go. The arrangement was if my gifts didn’t expand this summer than I was virtually useless and they didn’t need me, but if they did expand I was property of the Federal Bureau of Investigations for the rest of my life.” I said between choked sobs. Max sat beside me, his whole demeanor changed. 
“Makes sense,” he said simply. “Why are you leaving?” 
“Whitman wants to take my gifts again.” I said looking up.” It hurt like hell the first time and I don’t plan on reliving that and now that I am telekinetic she might notice and then I’m a FBI lab rat, no offense.” I said the sobs subsiding and my tears were starting to dwindle. 
“I would leave too that broad is scary.” Max said sympathetically. He stood up and leaned down to look me in the eyes. 
“I will agree with anything you want to do, Annie. If you want to stay, I swear I’ll protect you. No matter what you do I won’t tell a soul what happened today.” He said, the look in his eyes left no doubt in my mind this was probably the most honesty I had ever gained from Max Harlow. Did we just bond? Was that even possible to do with someone like Max Harlow?
“Ready?” my dad said as he came through the door with Ian not far behind him. Max stood up straight, “What is he doing here?” my father asked angry. “Were you crying?” 
“Dad,” I started. Max stepped away trying to put as much space between us as possible for his sake. “I don’t want to go. I want to fulfill my end of the contract.” I said as I stood up. I tried to not look at Ian I knew he was enraged I felt it on my consciousness making it damn near impossible to focus. 
“I didn’t ask your opinion, Annabel. We are leaving.” My father said as he dropped his bags and went to close up mine. 
“Dad, I’m not leaving. They won’t do anything to me. Ian won’t be here there is nothing they can do without him. I finish two more months and then I’m free.”
“It’s not that simple anymore, Annie.” He said trying to sound reasonable but the edge to his voice was scary all by itself. 
“I don’t care. I’m making it that simple!” I shouted. “I’m not leaving.” I said trying to remain firm. 
“Annie, I can’t protect you if you stay here.” My dad said, his frustration starting to get the better of him. 
“I can protect myself.” I said evenly. 
“I’ll make sure she’s okay.” Max said stepping out of the other corner of the room he was in. My father’s gaze flickered to him.
“If you are anything like your father I trust you about as far as I can throw you.” Max’s face hardened a moment in anger but he quickly recovered. 
“Nothing will happen to her I swear. I know none of you trust me but I will do everything in my power to keep her safe. I care about Annie.” He said. His gaze met mine for an instant. “I will even promise to not make a move on her, Ian.” He said finally acknowledging my boyfriend’s presence. There was definitely something odd about this situation but who was I to argue when I actually wanted to stay. 
My father laughed, “So you are protecting her to maybe get into her good graces and get into my daughter’s pants?” My father replied incredulously. 
“No, I’m doing it because she feels she should stay and she will need to be kept safe when she can’t defend herself. I’m being chivalrous; I’m not trying to get into her pants.” He said trying to make his last words sound like he was disgusted. I knew better. He was so trying to get into my pants with this but it was seriously unlikely, but thankfully he was making convincing my dad a hell of a lot easier. 
“I don’t trust you.” Ian growled as he slammed the door shut behind him. 
“You don’t have to, she has to.” Max said an accomplished smile spread across his face. 
Ian and my father looked at me for a moment, “Do you trust him, Annie?” my dad voiced the question. 
“No, but I do trust that he will protect me if he gives his word.” Ian scoffed in disgust. 
“You are kidding right? This guy has been…” Ian was fuming but he tried to quiet his rage when my father put a hand on his shoulder. 
“Fine, Annie, you win. I want two calls a day from you. If you have one problem I will be here in an instant to pick you up. Max let’s talk about some security precautions.” My dad said walking over to him. “Let’s give Ian and Annie a chance to say goodbye.” He whispered to Max but we all knew what he really meant. He wanted to threaten Max into keeping his promise.

Chapter 8: No Words
My father closed the door behind us but neither of us said a word. I knew Ian was infuriated at what had just happened. 
“Annie, what is going on?” he finally asked. His agitation was going down I wasn’t feeling overwhelmed by his emotions anymore, but it was still ebbing on my consciousness. 
“I have to stay, Ian.” I said walking towards him. 
“Why? I don’t understand. They are going to hurt you.” He said placing a hand on my cheek forcing me to look at him but I still avoided his penetrating gaze. 
“If I leave then the contract is terminated.” I said simply. 
“It probably is whether you stay or not.” I thought about it for a moment and guessing from Agent Whitman’s reaction he was probably right. 
“I know but if I hold up my end of the bargain maybe they will be more willing to negotiate.” I said trying to be the optimist I really wasn’t. 
Ian shook his head, “There’s more,” he added simply. 
“What do you mean?” I asked pretending to be confused but I knew he sensed it, this was a losing battle.
“I feel your guilt you can’t lie to me, Annie.” I sighed. 
“I did something really stupid.” I started. 
“How stupid?” He asked his hand dropping from my face. 
“I may have thrown Max across the room.” I said finally looking up into his dark eyes. 
“With your…” he stopped “Annie, what have you done?” Ian said his hand nervously running through his hair.
“He swore he wouldn’t tell! You can’t tell my dad he’d freak and drag me out of here.” I pleaded quietly hoping my father wouldn’t overhear.
“I’m not so sure if I can contain myself from dragging you out of here.” Ian said as he started pacing around the small expanse of my room. “Why do you trust him?” Ian asked, he stopped and turned to look at me.  He thought I was lying. 
“I don’t!” 
“That’s a lie.” 
“God, you’re worse than Bolis.” I said annoyed at this conversation. 
“Well if you didn’t feel so much guilt about lying I wouldn’t know.” I sighed, everyone always told me I was a terrible liar.
“I don’t trust him completely but I do trust that he won’t tell and he will protect me.” 
“Why?” he said his dark brows scrunched in frustration.
“I don’t know. I just know I can trust him with this much.” He started walking towards me. 
“I hate leaving you here so some other guy can take care of you.” He said gently his hand moving stray hairs away from my face. It was very reminiscent of a few minutes ago with Max but I was feeling a completely different feeling now.
“I hate being away from you too.” I whispered as I pulled his hand to my lips and kissed it. 
“Then why won’t you leave?” he said his voice becoming softer. 
“I just can’t!” I said firmly but still softly trying to not ruin the moment. 
“There has to be a better reason than what you are giving me.” He said as he stepped away from me and started pacing again. His agitation was clear, his eyes seemed to darken with his rage. He breathed deeply trying to calm himself. I just watched quietly waiting for him to regain control. “Is he blackmailing you?” Ian said turning towards me. The light looked like it came on in his mind as he said it. “That’s it isn’t it?” 
“No, Ian. That’s not it. I’m staying for the reason I already told you. I want out of this and I’m fighting it out to at least keep my end of the bargain up.” He walked over to me his eyes pleading with me. 
“I still don’t trust him.” He said admitting his defeat. He placed both of his hands on my shoulders. “Take care of yourself.” He said before he kissed my forehead. I felt the tears spring back to life. I didn’t want him to go but if I ever wanted a normal life with Ian, this is what I had to do. I looked up at him.
“You still love me?” I whispered. He actually smiled. 
“Of course I still love you,” He said as his hands slipped down to my waist. “Don’t ever question that.” He added as he pulled me into a hug. 
“This summer has been horrible.” I whispered into his chest. 
“It will be over soon.” He said firmly holding me in his embrace.
“I wish you didn’t have to let go of me.” I said back. I couldn’t even attempt to hide the sadness of being away from him again.  
“I know,” he said his hands stroking my back. He was trying to comfort me even when he didn’t agree with what I was doing. “You will call me or your dad if you change your mind or if he tells, okay?” I nodded not bothering to move my head from the safety and comfort of his embrace. 
“This is so hard. I love you, Annabanana. Stay safe.” He said shifting me so I could look at him. I tried to clear the few tears on my face. 
“I love you too” I choked out. His finger lifted my head to his and he kissed me. It was gentle at first. It made me want to cry more. Goodbyes were not something that I enjoyed and they were definitely not getting easier when it came to Ian.
“Don’t forget how much I love you.” He whispered as he kissed me again more fervently. I moved my arms to rest on his broad shoulders. His hands tightened around my waist. Our mouths barely separating for a breath, I never wanted this moment to end. Then I thought that I heard someone clearing their throat behind us. We stopped kissing and turned at the same time. My father was standing at the door with Max. Awkward! I let go of Ian but he only loosened his grip on me. 
“Are you ready to go, Ian?” my father asked ignoring what he had just saw, thankfully. 
“Yeah, Steve.” Ian said his hands finally dropping from my waist. He kissed my forehead again. “I’ll miss you and don’t forget I want you to call me as often as possible.” I nodded and wiped at the tears falling down my cheeks. I kissed his cheek and let him walk to grab his luggage. He stopped in front of Max. “You hurt her, I’m personally coming to kick your ass.” Ian said evenly than picked up his bags and walked out the door. My father’s mouth hung open for a moment but didn’t say anything about it. I was pretty sure he had said something along the same lines to Max when they were talking as well.
My father walked over to me and hugged me. “Dad, you’re choking me.” I coughed out. 
“Sorry, sweetheart.” He said as he let me go finally. “Be careful. Call me as often as possible too. I will be here in a heartbeat if you need me.” 
I nodded my head, “I know dad, go, before I start crying again.” With that said he left quickly after Ian. Max and I stood across my room staring at the empty doorway. 
“So what did he say to you?” I asked when the silence became uncomfortable. 
“Pretty much exactly what Ian said only in a much nicer way.” 
“I figured that.” The silence was back. After several minutes Max jumped back into the conversation.
“So you really love him?” Max asked his eyes avoiding me. 
“Yes, I do. Why?” I replied suspiciously.
“No reason, I guess I didn’t think it was that serious until I saw you two…” 
“Yeah, that was awkward sorry.” I said cutting off the end of his statement.  I walked to my bed and started unpacking turning my back on Max and hopefully another conversation.
“No, but I kinda see how into him you are and at least he genuinely cares about you too even though…” He didn’t take the hint.
“Even though what?” I asked when he stopped speaking. 
“Oh it’s not important.” He muttered still hiding at the other side of my room.
“Max, I won’t be mad we are supposed to be friends now.” I said as I rolled my eyes at the thought but it was better to keep him on my side and make him thinks he has my trust.
“I just have to work through a lot of FBI brainwashing. Even though he’s a ‘norm,’” he said soft enough that I barely caught what he said. 
“Yeah, well ‘norm’ or not I still love him.” I said simply as I walked to my dresser my arms overflowing with clothes.
“Do you need any help?” Max asked as he walked forward and grabbed the clothes I was dropping. 
“Thanks,” I replied as I threw everything into the first drawer. 
“So why are you helping me?” I asked when I had finished putting my luggage away. 
“Annie, after what I found out. I think you are right in staying here. I don’t want you to end up in my line of work, because I don’t want to even be in my future line of work.” Max said as he opened my door for me. I had to go and talk to Bolis before I officially stayed. That one phrase actually made me feel bad for Max. This whole time I thought he had spent his whole life wanting to follow in his father’s footsteps but in reality he really was trapped. He was forced to do what needed to be done whether he wanted to do it or not. In his case apparently it was a not.
“You can find a way to escape too.” I said emphatically. “We just have to figure it out.” 
He chuckled but it was tinged with sadness, “That’s really nice of you but it’s not that easy for me. I was practically bred with the sole purpose of following my father and grandfather’s footsteps.” I sighed that was a depressing way to look at your life. “I’ll meet you in the cafeteria for dinner?” Max asked when we stopped at Agent Bolis’s door. 
“Yeah, hopefully I’ll be there in a few minutes.” I said before I knocked on the door.
I heard Bolis bellow something about coming in so I obliged. 
He stood up and looked at me in surprise. “Annie, what are you doing here? I thought…Didn’t you father and Ian leave?” he said his face showing his conflict about seeing me. 
“I wanted to talk to you about this mess. I’m here because I want to keep up my end of the contract in the hopes that you stick to yours.” I said as I sat in the chair he gestured for me to take. 
“I don’t see how that would be a problem.” Mike said leaning back in his chair. He was fervently clicking a pen and the sound was really annoying me but I didn’t say anything. He leaned forward in his chair and placed the pen on the desk. “I know Agent Whitman can be out of line sometimes but I’m in charge of you. So her opinion should really not matter to you. Since Ian is gone I don’t think there is much to do and you can go back to your regularly scheduled classes… Except Warfare. I’ll figure something else out for you.” He said his face never losing its serious appearance but mine did. I felt my spirits lift the more he went on. I was ecstatic when he said there was no more warfare classes I jumped up to hug him but stopped myself and only stood. 
“Mike, you are the best!” I said not helping the smile that was spread across my face. 
“Frankly I think I’m getting soft.” He said with his own smile. “Go get some dinner, we’ll talk more tomorrow.” 
I nodded and quickly ran out the room only to run into Agent Whitman, her usual scowl set in place like it was frozen that way.
“What are you still doing here?” she practically snarled.
“I’m staying and finishing my end of the contract.” I said smugly as I walked past her towards the cafeteria. I turned to see her expression after what I said. The woman looked like she was about to have an aneurism. I stared at her increasingly red face until she stormed into Agent Bolis’s office without so much as a knock on his door. 
I happily walked down the hall and into the cafeteria. It was eerily quiet. Max was sitting alone and the other five members of Camp Good Times were all sitting together. What the hell was going on?
I grabbed my dinner and sat with Max. 
 
Chapter 9: Rumors
“What’s going on?” I asked as I started to cut the chicken parmesan on my plate. 
“Apparently they heard.”
“Heard what?” I asked frightened.
“That you aren’t supposed to be here.” He said cryptically. 
“What does that mean? Bolis thinks I should be here.” I retorted defensively.
“Well I think this means you might be black listed.” He said a closed mouth grin on his face. 
“What does that even mean?” I asked insulted. Panic rising in the pit of my stomach at the word “blacklisted.” It didn’t sound like something fun and I most certainly didn’t want to be in the middle of it.
“It means the people you thought were your friends are no longer your friends.” He said again, the cryptic nature of the message practically glaring at me. I wasn’t appreciating his roundabout way of saying everything. Why couldn’t he just spit it out already?
“I don’t even know what you are saying.” I said growing more annoyed with Max and less eager to eat dinner.
“Annie, I’m saying that word has spread that you are not FBI material. You have been blacklisted and those other people aren’t even going to look your way because it’s been crushed into their heads like it’s been pushed into mine. If you are going to work for the FBI the first rule of business is don’t associate with trouble. The second rule is the FBI is always right.” 
It clicked now. I was trouble and the FBI believed it. “So why are you talking to me?” I asked weary of what was happening, already. 
“I promised you and your father I’d protect you.” He said incredulously. 
“Even though, this is going to get you into trouble?” I said becoming more suspicious of his intentions.
“Annie, I don’t really care what they think. I’m doing what I feel is right.” Max said the fervor clear in his face made me stop questioning his loyalty momentarily. 
“I should have left.” I complained. I had lost my appetite after this conversation. I poked at the pasta but didn’t really touch it. “What does that mean for the rest of the time I’m here?” I asked genuinely curious. 
“They are going to make your life a living hell so you can leave or you will have a lonely three months… well besides me.” Max said, his expression completely serious. That hint of honesty I saw when he said he’d protect me was back. 
“Thanks, Max. I’m actually grateful you’re here.” I said truly meaning every word despite how annoying he could be he was trying to help me and he was standing by me when no one else would.
“Are you going to eat that?” He said grabbing the brownie off my plate.
“No,” I said as he took his first bite. I stood up with my tray and walked to the furthest trash can from everyone else. 
“You’re done already? You barely ate anything.” Max said as he followed me with his own empty tray. 
“I’m not really in the mood to eat.” I said simply as I looked over my shoulder at Lindsey and everyone else. I felt like I was on display at the zoo. They were watching us with bemused fascination. I walked towards the exit, Max following, he wouldn’t let our conversation end like that.  
“Annie” he said catching up with me in the hallway. “I know this is hard for you. What are you thinking?” he asked standing in front of me and blocking me from going any further.
“Since when do you care what I think?” I said annoyed that he wouldn’t leave me alone and fascinated by this new Max I was starting to see.
“Since I’m the only one you have left.” He whispered back as he placed a hand on my shoulder. I turned around to avoid facing him. I felt my eyes begging to let the tears fall but I wouldn’t allow it. Not here, not now.
“What am I supposed to do now?” I said turning and moving towards him. 
“Whatever you want.” He said wrapping his arms around me and pulling me into a hug. I leaned into the hug for a moment and then pushed him away when I came to my senses and realized what was happening. I was just with Ian, I was not going to whimper in Max’s arms at the first sign of trouble.
“I think I’m just going to bed.” I said not feeling up to much. 
“Let’s go for a walk?” he said trying to lift my spirits…and failing. 
“I’m not really in the mood, maybe tomorrow.” I said opening my bedroom door.
“Annie, don’t hide. Show them you don’t care what they think.” Max said moving and blocking my way inside of my room. “Let’s take a walk outside.”
I sighed knowing this wasn’t going to be easy to get out of. “Fine. Let me change my shoes.” I said and Max dropped his hand that had blocked my entry. 
“Be back in five.” He said and stepped back to turn towards his own room. I watched him walk into his room and close the door. I walked into my own room not feeling it anymore. I was an idiot to stay here. Now I was left with nothing but Agent Bolis and Max. The fact that I didn’t trust either of them enough was starting to weigh heavily on me now that my dad and Ian were gone. I couldn’t trust anyone and I needed to keep that in the front of my thoughts. Despite how things were going Max hadn’t proven anything when it came to trust. After all a tiger never changed his stripes, he was still a Harlow foremost and I had to always remember that even when he was being nice.
I changed my shoes and grabbed my camera hoping I’d have something to show for this summer after all. There was a knock on my door and I turned to see Max walking in. 
“Ready?” he asked only peaking his head through the door. 
“Yup,” I said grabbing my camera case and walking out of my room. We walked to the entertainment room, where the door to the garden was. I was already rethinking this when all the other camp members were sitting in there, collectively watching a movie. They looked up as we walked in but didn’t say a word. Deena openly glared daggers at me as I walked past with Max leading the way. Things with Deena hadn’t really changed, maybe I should start being thankful for small favors. Who needed to be friends with someone like her?
He held the door for me as I walked out before he looked back but didn’t say anything until the door was completely closed. I walked out and headed for the garden entrance. 
“She hates me.” He muttered after we walked in silence for several minutes. 
“Who?” I asked curiously. 
“Deena,” was his only reply. 
“Do you care?” I asked interested in how he would respond. 
“I’ve known her the longest. I just didn’t get that she would be so…so-“
“Jealous?” I finished. 
He chuckled, “If my parents have their way, that’s the girl I’m going to marry. So be nice.” I felt my eyes widen in surprise and it didn’t go unnoticed by Max. 
“She has a strong family. It would be a good merger.” 
“But it’s your life.” I said clearly not agreeing with this. 
“She has one of the rarest gifts in this generation.” He retorted sounding more like the brainwashed stepford kid I thought he was but defeat was still clear in his tone. He looked like he had argued about this very issue many times before but he was a beaten man.
“I honestly don’t see what is so special about teleportation.” I said hoping I suppressed some of the anger I was feeling. Everything Max was going through was so archaic. How could people still be doing things like this in the twenty-first century? 
“It’s special.” he said looking straight at me. His dark blue eyes locking with mine. “My father thinks it will make for very interesting children.” 
I scoffed, “Seriously? That’s the only reason you would marry her?” I said disgusted. “If this is what all psychic families are like I am so happy I’m a Lee.” I shot back these people lived in the stone age. 
“You don’t understand all the pressure that’s on me.” He said angrily, he wanted to defend his family. “My grandfather started with the FBI because he wanted more for us. My father advanced that beyond what my grandfather could have ever hoped for. I’m the only child. I’m the legacy. I can’t screw that up with some girl that wants to be a norm.” he said heatedly.  
“That’s what you think of me?” I said taken aback by what he had said and not feeling up to even wanting to talk to him anymore. No matter if he was the only person that was going to talk to me for the rest of the summer. I didn’t need him. I didn’t need anyone. I started to head towards the door to the entertainment room but Max stopped me. 
“Annie, you know I didn’t mean that. If I thought that why would I be willing to protect you?” I gave him an angry glare so he’d get out of my way but he continued talking. “I’m protecting you because you have a chance to get out and I can help you do that. Yes, I get some bonus points for getting to piss off my father, but I’m doing this for you.” He said holding firmly onto my shoulders so I wouldn’t divert my attention to anything but him. 
“Tell me more about your family?” I said walking past him and sitting at a bench further into the garden. He followed quietly behind.
“What do you want to know?” he asked. 
“What was it like growing up as a Harlow?”
He actually laughed at that. “Well for one thing. I was only a kid for six years. Then…”
“Your powers came in.” I interrupted. 
“Yeah, everything changed. No more playing. It was all you need to be the best you can be. Stop acting that way and get back to your exercises. When I turned ten, I started going to FBI training sessions. I’ve been to the ones in D.C, Baltimore, and Pittsburg. I’ve been coming to this one for the last three years. It’s been easier, but don’t tell anyone I said that.” He said looking at me worried for a second. 
“Why is it easier?” I asked confused for a moment. 
“Less people the rules are lax.I like the kids here.” Max said with a shrug.
“I guess that is nice what does your father think about that?”
“That’s not something I tell him while I’m here.” He said a smile crossing his face, those dimples on each cheek peeking out. 
I turned away there was something about dimples on a guy that I couldn’t help but take to heart even on Max Harlow.
“So how has living with your parents been lately?” 
His smile disappeared again. “Now that I’m finishing up high school it’s all about getting into the right school so the FBI will want me despite my gifts.” He sighed.
“Any specific reason why you wouldn’t get into the FBI?” I asked interested when they had practically raised him for this. 
“Well the rest of the FBI doesn’t know about us so you need to find your niche to get in.” He said looking off at the rest of the garden.
“And how do you expect to get in.” 
“That’s easy,” he said turning around to face me. “A negotiator, I seem to always be able to persuade people or know exactly what they want.” He said a small smile coming to his face.
“Would you enjoy that?” I inquired.
“Actually without all the psychic stuff I think I would have really enjoyed it. “ He said looking out into the garden once more. 
“Yeah, I could have seen that,” I whispered back. 
“So what is it like not having anyone to talk to about this with?” He said redirecting the questions towards me.
“Different.” 

Chapter 10: New Directions
The next three weeks were a blur. Things changed for the better and the worst. The next morning after my father and Ian left. Bolis and I worked on a new plan of action instead of warfare, I was taking an extra class with Dr. Chandler, in the hopes of improving my visions. 
Max was right about everyone else. I was virtually invisible after everything that happened. Not even Lindsey would bother to look at me. They treated me like I was a plague when combat came around that Monday. Janette all but cried when she pulled my name out. Everyone refused to be my partner. Agent Collins’ hands were tied so Max is now my permanent combat partner. It wasn’t the worse situation, I’d liked sparing with Max but it felt like everyone was taking extra precautions to not come near me. Was being blacklisted a plague because they sure treated it that way?
I knew no one was talking to me but Max. I was curious as to whether they were still talking to him. I found out the answer three weeks after this ordeal started. 
“Hey, Max,” Deena shouted across the hall. My bedroom door was partially open and I heard her knock on his door, the one right across from mine.
“Hey, Ian can I call you back there is something going on in the hall.” I said into my cell phone.
“Sure go ahead. I’d love to hear about it later.” He said simply not pressing the issue.
“Okay, bye. Love you.” I said hanging up the phone and stepping cautiously closer to my front door. 
I heard Deena’s voice again. “I know you are there, Max. Open up!” She started knocking again only louder.
I heard him open the door and simultaneously shout over whatever Deena was trying to tell him. “What do you want?” he screamed and that seemed to shut her up for a moment.
“I want you to come back to your senses, Max. What do you think you are doing with her?” All the accusation she put into one word. Deena said it calmly and composed  but I’m sure, knowing Deena she was pretending to be quite shaken. She always played a great victim. At least from the acts I’d seen her put up for Max’s sake.
“It’s none of your business.” He said evenly. 
“It is my business. If you are going to ruin everything we can have with some norm lover.” She spat back. Her patience was running thin with Max. Surprisingly despite all they’d been through I had never seen it happen before. 
“I can’t believe you are going to sit here and tell me how idiotic I’m being. She’s not blacklisted. She belongs here as much as you and I do. What’s the big deal?” Max’s voice was getting louder and I could sense his agitation mounting with each word he spoke. 
“You know the rules and it doesn’t matter what she can do. She’s blacklisted--”
“Only because you wanted her to be. You can call this all off.” Max insisted.
“It’s out of my hands now.” Deena said trying to sound calmer. “For once, Max, I thought you would think about someone other than yourself.”
“For once, Deena, I am.” He said his voice strained as he tried to lower it. 
“Really are you thinking about me? Us? Your family? Your career?” She said softer. I heard a sigh after that but I wasn’t sure who it came from.
“What I’m doing right now is more important than all of that.” He said and it sounded muffled. Was he hugging her? Did I care?
“Why is that? We had a deal, and I don’t want you ruining it for someone like Annie, who is never going to want you.” She said and for a moment I could hear how hurt she was by Max’s behavior. Max was all but promised to her and here I was walking in and changing everything. Why did I always have to ruin everything? I had just demolished what had taken the Millers and Harlows sixteen years to establish all by my presence alone. “I hope you know what you are doing because if you lose me the only thing that will stop your father’s rage is a Lee.” She said and then I heard the soft sound of a kiss. “Forget her come back to me.” She said quietly enough that I wouldn’t have heard it if I wasn’t near my door.  
“I can’t explain, Deena. It’s not that I want to be with her. I just have to help her.” Max said the anger that had tinged his voice before was now completely gone. 
“Why is it that you have to help her?” She all but shrilled. Her frustration was starting to show again. 
“You wouldn’t understand.” He said. 
“Try me.” She said but I didn’t get to hear anymore. My phone started ringing. It was obnoxiously loud when it was so quiet. I ran to quiet it. It was Ian. 
“Ian, I told you I’d call you back.” I said miffed when the conversation outside ended without me catching the end of it. 
“Are you causing trouble?” He said teasingly. 
“No.” I said still irritated. 
“Then what is it?” He asked genuinely intrigued by whatever I was doing. 
“I was just listening to a conversation outside my door.” I replied trying to speak quietly so no one would hear me outside of my room. 
“Really? And who’s conversation was that?” 
I sighed, I knew he wasn’t going to be happy about this. 
“Max and Deena.” 
I heard his sharp intake of oxygen. 
“I know you think I’m being too trusting and that something is going on, but there isn’t. Ian there’s only you.” I said hoping I’d cut off any argument he was forming in his mind.
“I wasn’t going to say any of that, Anna.” I waited for him to continue but he didn’t.
“What were you going to say then?” I asked tired of the eerie silence on the end of the phone line. 
“What did you hear?” he said, his voice even and calm. Not one ounce of the annoyance he had been feeling for the last three weeks showed. Ian and I were having trouble lately thanks to the fact that I was here and the only person I could talk to was someone Ian wasn’t very keen on trusting. He had begged me to come home after I was black listed but I didn’t listen. I wish I would have listened. Things would be easier. I would be in Philadelphia with my parents, Ian, and Jamie. I wouldn’t be completely alienated by a group of psychics. I wouldn’t be questioning Max’s intentions on an hourly basis. 
I ignored all my better instincts and stayed in Pittsburg, being alienated by a group of psychics and trying to convince myself that I could at least trust Max with what he said he would do. 
“Deena wanted him to stop talking to me.” I said trying to not show how miserable I was feeling. 
“What did he say?” 
“He said she doesn’t understand what he’s doing. She threw the family card at him.” I replied. I left out the part about my expulsion from all things that had to do with the other psychics here to not further his anger or worry. He had assumed Lindsey at least stayed by my side after the blacklisting, boy, was he wrong. He didn’t know Max was really the only person I had left, not only to confide in, but to actually talk to on a regular basis.
“Annie, I wish you would just come home already. We’d figure everything out and we can work on a new deal.” I sighed, it sounded so simple when he said it but he left out all the small complications when he explained it like this.
“Ian, it’s not that simple. I have to get to bed I have class in the morning.” I said feeling depressed from how our happy conversation had twisted into this. Lately, all our conversations were going like this. I just wanted to be home so we wouldn’t have to argue anymore. So I could stay wrapped up in his warm embrace and ignore the rest of the world.
“Okay, I love you. Oh, did you want us to come up next weekend for family weekend?” 
“Yes!” I squealed happily into the phone. “I miss you so much. Can you make it?” 
“Of course, Good night, Annabanana.” He said lightening the dark mood I had originally had and easing the tension between us.
“Good night, Ian.”
I hung up the phone and thought about how I was going to explain to my parents that I was black listed. It wasn’t really my fault but I was ashamed despite it. No one was willing to even come near me except for Max.  
I woke up the next morning to a loud crash outside my door. I went out to see two retreating girls I instantly recognized. Deena and Lindsey. I was expecting to find something messy on my door, but it was perfectly clean. When I looked across the hall at Max’s door I knew why. They had thrown scrambled eggs all over his front door. I sighed thinking about the last two weeks when they had started doing this to me. Why Max? He hadn’t done anything differently in the last three weeks. Why now? 
He opened his door, he was still groggy. “What the…” he said looking at the mess that was now sliding down his door and rested mostly on the hallway floor. 
“You must have really pissed someone off.” I said leaning on my open door. “Because this is messier than my doors have ever been.” I said with a supportive smile, “Need some help cleaning?” 
He was still in shock and was absorbing the disaster in front of his feet. “I guess I should have figured that Deena Miller isn’t someone I should anger.” He said the strain and frustration was unmistakable on his still tired face. I went into my room and grabbed my dust pan and brush that had gotten a lot of use recently. 
“Don’t take it so personal.” I said as I started to clean up but evidently this was the wrong thing to say.
“What?!” He all but yelled. “Of course this is personal!” Max angrily replied. “Deena did this because I wouldn’t listen to her. She did it to you because she doesn’t want you here. It’s all personal!”  He shouted at me. I blinked in surprise. I knew everything he was saying was true, but I didn’t want to believe it, when it meant I’d be even more unhappy here. What happened to trying to be optimistic in the face of negativity?
“I know you are right, Max, but what good is thinking like that. We just have to stick together and ignore all the negatives.” I said shrugging off all the bad words he had just said. He slumped back into his room. “Max,” I said hopping over the mess and into his room. He was blatantly angry and he had every right to be but it wasn’t going to solve anything. 
“How am I supposed to fix this, Annie?” he complained defeated as he shoved a meaty hand through his bed head. 
I shrugged, “I don’t know if you are. I mean I won’t be mad with you if you want to stop talking to me. It’s understandable and I’m sure Deena will be thrilled.” I said sitting on his desk. He looked at me, his face not showing exactly what he wanted to say. 
“I’m not going to give her what she wants when she’s acting like a bitch.” 
“Max, honestly, you have to think about this a little more she is the girl you are supposed to marry and stuff. It would be nice if you didn’t hate each other.” I said trying to be sympathetic to his circumstances, but anytime I had tried he had turned it around to me. I knew he was ready to do that now but he needed to know. 
“I get that but what if I don’t want it. Don’t I get any say in the matter?” he asked. 
“I know you are angry right now but it will pass and you don’t want to alienate…” I started but was interrupted by a loud knock on the door. We had barely cleaned the mess on the floor. I hope it wasn’t one of the janitors to yell about the mess. 
Max walked over and answered the door, “Dad?” he said in disbelief. 
“Maxwell, what is this?” he said looking at the floor. The man came into the room and I couldn’t hold back the gasp that escaped. Max’s dad looked almost identical to him, although he was well into his forties, they were near the same height, had the same dark hair, except his father’s was graying at the temples. The same dark blue eyes, and sharp facial features, and similar builds but what completely surprised me was when Donovan Harlow smiled, it was the same smile as his son’s. He had a wide smile, with two dimples sitting on each cheek, deepening as his smile grew. I wasn’t exactly sure if that was a good sign or not.

Chapter 11: Meeting
“And who are you?” Donovan said, that smile getting wider as he absorbed my appearance. I stood up quickly and walked towards him to shake his hand. 
“Hi Mr. Harlow, I’m Annabel.” I said meekly while shaking his hand. 
“Annabel, that is a lovely name. Does it come with a last name?” he said while letting go of my hand. I was vaguely aware of Max moving and standing beside his father. 
“It’s Lee, sir.” I added still not brave enough to break his gaze. 
“Lee? Your father is Steven?” he said the smile returning to his face. I nodded in agreement. “I never thought we’d see the day when we had recruited a Lee.” He said. 
“Actually, dad, Annie made an agreement and she’s only going to spend one summer here.” 
“I see. What can you do, Annabel?” he replied curiously. I looked at him and really didn’t want to say any more. I didn’t even know what he could do but he definitely seemed like trouble. 
“Um, you’ve met my father?” I asked and he nodded, “Nearly the same things.” 
“Nearly?” he said catching the hitch in my statement. 
“Can you do more?” 
“Actually yes,” Max sent me a look of worry but I continued ignoring him. “I have visions in my dreams too.” I said simply.
“That is curious.” He said walking around me, like he was stalking his prey. I gulped. 
“I didn’t know Steve even had a daughter.” He said as he stopped circling me, I looked at Max, I actually was scared and he was too.  “You’re so lovely it’s a surprise he was hiding you.” I gave him a weak smile. 
“I think I should go get ready for class. I’ll see you later, Max. Keep the broom.” I said as I started towards his door but his father stopped me. I turned to see him holding my hand this couldn’t be good. I felt it. 
“One more moment, Annabel.” He leaned forward and kissed the top of my hand. “It was lovely to meet you.” He said with a smile that was now starting to frighten me. 
“Likewise, goodbye.” I said finally leaving the room. Max’s father had seriously given me the creeps. I walked into the room, physically shaking from the encounter. I had no clue why I was so frightened but I knew it was a smart response. Donavon Harlow was someone that should not be taken lightly. 
I went to class and waited for Max, but he never came to our first class. I was starting to get nervous when he wasn’t showing for our second class either but just before the bell rang he walked in. His face contorted with pent up rage. It was not a happy visit from his father. He sat beside me but before I could ask what was wrong, Deena had pounced. She sat beside him, consoling him and whispering stuff into his ear that seemed to visibly make him relax. 
Class eventually started and when it ended, Max abruptly left. I walked out not really sure if I should see how he was doing or not. I dropped my stuff off in my room and left to grab lunch. I ran into him on the way. 
“Hey Max.” I said while he was locking his door behind him.
“Hey.” He said tersely and started walking ahead of me. 
“Are you mad at me?” I asked jogging a little to catch up with his long strides. 
He stopped, “No, but you shouldn’t be around me today.” He said and guessing from his tone I knew exactly what he was talking about.
“He’s leaving in the morning so it’s just for today. I’m sorry, Annie, but I don’t want him to take any more of an interest in you than he did this morning.” I nodded in silence. I knew he wouldn’t tell me everything. It was between him and his father and I had no right to know. He walked ahead of me into the cafeteria. 
When I finally walked in Donovan was there much to my dismay. Max knew him well. I needed to stay away from Max, and pretend like I was banished. I looked around, everyone was clustered at one table except Max and Deena. They were sitting at another table and judging from the smug look on her face, she felt this was a win for herself. I didn’t care she could have him, I just needed to maintain my sanity long enough to get out of this nightmare. I walked and grabbed a can of soda and a wrap and started to head back to my room. There was no way I was going to sit alone in here with two Harlows watching my every move. 
As I walked back to my room, I started thinking about what Max had said. He obviously didn’t want to say more in case someone was listening. His father had an interest in me? That did not sound like a good thing, especially if Max didn’t like the sound of it either. What could he possibly be interested in? I wasn’t one of the most uninteresting people here.
I walked into my room and called Ian. “Hey Beautiful.” He said. 
“Hey, how’s your day going?” I asked. 
“You okay?” he said in reply. “Shouldn’t you be in class or lunch?” he continued. 
“I should be at lunch, but I brought it back to my room.”
“Are you actually going to eat it?” he said stubbornly. After being here for two months I had dropped fifteen pounds that I didn’t really need to lose. 
“Annie, you’re going to look like they are starving you if you continue to quit eating.” 
“I didn’t quit eating” I said defensively, “I just lose my appetite when I’m stressed.”
“Well get it back before you look malnourished.” He said simply.
“Is this what you want to talk to me about?” I said between bites of my wrap. 
“No, why aren’t you at lunch with him?” he said simply.
“Max’s dad is here. I’m keeping a low profile.” I said simply. 
“You sound like you actually know what that means.” He said, his sarcasm was heavy. 
“I do.” I said defensively.
“I still haven’t seen proof of that.” He said mockingly. 
“Hilarious,” I said but jumped when I heard a knock at my door. “Hold on, Ian, someone is at my door.” 
“Okay.” He said and I walked over and opened it. 
“Mr. Harlow? Hi, what a surprise.” I said and brought the phone back to my ear. 
“Leave me on.” Ian said worriedly into the phone. 
“Bye, Ian, I’ll talk to you later.” I said still unable to take my eyes off of Donovan Harlow’s eerily dark blue eyes.
I hung up and threw my phone on the nearby desk. “I’m sorry, Mr. Harlow.” I said snapping out of my haze. That’s when it hit me. He was a Pusher. He must have saw understanding dawn on my expression. 
“I’m sorry to interrupt you but this is something that we should talk about alone Miss Lee.”
“Did you just push me?” I asked actually praying I was misinterpreting his words. 
“I’m sorry but it was necessary.” He said with a curt nod.
“Mr. Harlow, I’m not aware of how you regularly deal with people, but I did not need to be pushed to hang up the phone.” I said as firmly as I could muster with his penetrating gaze.
“I think I’m really going to like you.” He said with a surprisingly sincere smile. 
“Excuse me?” I asked not really getting what he was saying. 
“I want to offer you a trade, Annabel.” He started. 
“I don’t have anything to trade, Mr. Harlow.” I said cutting off whatever he was going to say and getting ready to close the door but he stopped me. 
“Actually it’s not like that at all.” He said flashing a small smile again. “How would you like to leave this place tomorrow?” he said. 
“Beg your pardon?” I asked stunned. 
“I can arrange for you to leave tomorrow, because I can see how unhappy you are here.” He said, “All you have to do is make a deal that you don’t have to think about for another ten years or so.” 
“I don’t think I’m understanding you correctly, Mr. Harlow. What are you asking of me?” 
“I’m asking for you to become a part of a merger with the Harlow family.” 
“Excuse me?” I asked incredulously. “What kind of merger?”
“A merger of families.” He said but didn’t clarify. 
“With all due respect, Mr. Harlow, but from what I’m aware of you have a similar merger planned between the Millers.”
“Plans change, Annabel, surely you are someone that is aware of such things.” 
“So what would change?” I asked feeling my stomach tighten in knots. 
“My agreement with the Millers would dissolve.”
“And you would make an agreement with me? Why?”
“Honestly, Annabel, being here as long as you have you must have heard some things about your line.” 
“Yeah, but Deena… she’s rare.” I said not really sure I was completely processing what he was saying. 
“Yes, but you my dear you are rarer.” 
I scoffed, “I highly doubt that. I have visions. It is one of the most generic tricks in the book.”
“True, but the fact that you are a fourth generation Lee, makes you special.”
“Okay, so you are aware of my family. Why would you think I or my father would ever agree to something like this? We don’t need to and I don’t plan to.”
“Annie, I’m not just offering a great alliance, I’m offering you your freedom.” He said determination starting to edge into his features. 
“No, the freedom you are offering me is temporary, then I will be trapped in this alliance with Max. I’d rather take my chances here, Mr. Harlow.” As I spoke I noticed the tightening of his jaw and the slight twitch that seemed to pulsate the angrier he seemed to be getting. I knew it was stupid to get someone like him angry I just couldn’t help it. “I’m sorry, Mr. Harlow, it’s not you or Max, but I have a boyfriend and I see us having a future together.”
He seemed to relax with that statement. “What are you sixteen, Annie?” I nodded in agreement. “You have ten or so years before you even have to think about Max. I’m not saying break up with your boyfriend. I’m saying be practical. Relationships like this end in a matter of months. Are you willing to stake everything on something as fickle as teenage love?”
“I don’t feel that my relationship was fickle, and I’m not willing to give it an expiration date. I don’t love Max and there is one thing that you didn’t learn about the Lees in your research. Love is important to us, it doesn’t matter if they are psychic or not, true love is precious and should be cherished.” I said firmly on the verge of slamming the door in his face.
“You really are even better than I could have imagined Miss Lee. I can see why Max is so smitten.” I gave him my most deprecating look, but didn’t say a word. “You are fiery, and beautiful, you and Max would have lovely children.” He said with an almost soft smile, but someone like Donovan Harlow could never pull something like that off, even with practice. 
“Is that all you can possibly think of. We are sixteen, we have our whole lives in front of us.” I said frustrated. 
“What do you think, Annie, I could have a car taking you and your belongings back to Philadelphia, to see your parents and….Ian… is it?” He started to smile as my jaw dropped in shock. Of course he knew all about me. Why was I surprised? Harlow was the FBI and he was offering me a deal that was laying his family on the line of course he knew everything there could possibly be known about me. 
I gulped. How could I say no to him, he all but threatened to kill me. “I think I need to think about this, Mr. Harlow. I think maybe I should talk to my dad.”
He smiled, “Of course, but don’t take too long, Annie, I leave tomorrow morning. I expect an answer by then.” I nodded, not really trusting myself to not show the disgust I was feeling for him. “Good, have a good day, Miss Lee.” He said as he walked back into the hallway only to run into Max and Deena. 
I didn’t mean to groan but it slipped out as I saw the three of them attempt to make small talk. I went back into my room and closed the door, but not before Max’s worried expression found me. I held back the second groan that threatened to escape. That expression meant we were going to be having a very serious talk later; laced with why the hell didn’t you listen to me? I walked towards my lunch and forced down one half of the wrap. My appetite was gone and it felt like a lead ball was in my stomach. Ian was right though, I needed to eat. I couldn’t let the stress get to me anymore.

Chapter 12: Excuses
“Annie, hold up.” Max said escaping Deena’s vice grip on his arm. 
“Max,” she said firmly. We were in the hallway walking to dinner. Deena hadn’t left Max’s side all day thinking they had reconciled but she was about to be rudely awakened from that fantasy. She was going to stare daggers at me for weeks but I didn’t tell Max to so blatantly use her. Would that change anything if she knew? No, because I was the blame for all of her problems. 
“Annie,” he said grabbing my arm and stopping my trip into the dining room. 
“Yes, Maxwell?” I said frustrated. I didn’t need another reason for Deena to hate me. 
“What’s up?” he asked.
“Nothing.” I said trying to shrug off his unnecessarily strong grip but failing. 
“Annie, what did he say?” he said moving in closer so no one would overhear. 
“I can’t say here.” I said, knowing even if I could stay angry at Max I wasn’t. It wasn’t his fault his father was a lunatic. 
“Dinner, your room, five?” he asked as he let go of me and walked ahead, not even waiting for my answer. I walked alone into the large room and walked straight to the waiting food. I grabbed whatever was out not even caring, because it looked really unlikely that I’d even be eating it. I had grabbed my can of coke, not taking a diet for once, and ran into Deena. 
“Watch where you are going, freak!” she said as she sauntered by me and to the small crowd of other camp members. The girl was all butterflies and rainbows how could Max not be insanely in love with her. Yeah freaking right. 
I walked into my room, Max was waiting. His dinner was spread out on the empty desk in my room. “So?” He asked and then continued to shovel food into his mouth like it was going to run away.
“Your dad offered me a proposal.” I said sitting at my desk with my dinner. I poked at the enchiladas on my tray but didn’t dare to eat it yet. 
“What kind of proposal?” he asked and this time he stopped eating. 
“He said he could arrange for me to go home tomorrow.” I said.
“And what did you have to give him in return?”
“A promise.” I said. I didn’t know if I should tell him everything. What if Max had asked his father to do it? What if Max actually liked the idea? 
“What kind of promise?” he said looking intently at me. I turned slightly to ignore the dark penetrating look in his eyes. 
“A promise that one day I would marry you.” I whispered. I focused on Max’s face making sure I knew how he felt about this, but his expression was guarded. All that damn FBI training, made my goal impossible. 
“What did you say?” he asked, his voice even and calm. Not a hint of emotion to that either.
“Initially I said no, but he didn’t really accept that.” Max laughed.
“My dad’s not used to being told no.” he said still coolly detached. 
“I can see that.” I said snidely. 
“So… what happened?” he asked.
“I told him I’d think about it and tell him my answer in the morning.”
“You’re going to tell him no?” he said and I thought I detected a hint of sadness to his voice otherwise I was starting to imagine things.
“Yes.” I said as softly as I could. 
“Why is it such a bad thing?” he asked, still not a hint of emotion to his tone but the words spoke for themselves. 
“Max.” I started. I didn’t want to hurt his feelings, he was my only friend here whether I wanted to admit it or not I didn’t want to hurt his feelings, he was nice to me. 
“Annie, before you talk, just think about it. I know you love Ian now but relationships like this don’t last very long. You are sixteen and okay there may be a one in a million shot that you and Ian are meant to be together and will stay together and live happily ever after, but practically it’s more likely that you will break up in a couple of years or months. You wouldn’t have to date me or love me, it would be just like this. Is that such a bad thing?” He asked. I gulped. How did I reply to something like that?
“Max,” I said feeling immensely worse about this situation now that he had made his stance. “I’ll think about it, I should probably talk to my dad before I decide anything. Honestly though you’re my friend, Max, if there wasn’t an Ian I probably would consider this or even be thrilled about something like this. But there is an Ian, and if I have a chance to spend even five seconds with him, I plan on taking it. I plan on being with him till he is tired of me. If I knew we would break up maybe I’d consider it too but I don’t want to jeopardize my relationship for some deal in the future.”
“How about we talk to my dad and see if we can make it so we only can get married if you break up with Ian” he said hopefully. I shook my head in disagreement.
“Max, that isn’t fair to you or Ian.” I said firmly. He sighed loudly and just looked at me a moment before moving towards me. “Max.” I said afraid of what he was planning to do. 
He knelt down before me and grabbed my hands. I don’t know if it was fear or shock but I couldn’t speak. “To spend even five minutes thinking I would marry you is better than anything I could imagine.” He said kissing the back of my hand. I felt tears spring to my eyes at his words. Who was this guy? “If you agree to it, I’m sure I can talk my dad into doing what I just said. You stay with Ian for as long as you want even marry him if you want but if you two break up you go with the merger.” He said not looking like my friend now but the stubborn businessman he was destined to be. 
“I really have to…” I stumbled out.
“Talk to your dad first.” He said cutting off what I was saying. “I’ll talk to you in an hour, and with that he walked out the door. 
What had just happened? How could I possibly think Max’s idea was plausible for even a second? Ian would be furious. My dad would be too, I think. I picked up my cell phone and called him. “Dad?”
“Hey, Annie, are you okay?” he asked worried.
“Yes and no… you see I met with Donovan Harlow today.” I started but was disrupted by a tirade of angry words from my father. “I didn’t want to meet with him, he sort of sought me out.” I said silencing the angry voice on the other end of the line. 
“He is very dangerous, Annie.” He said his voice noticeably calmer. 
“I know that dad, he offered me something.” I said continuing before he continued with his insults. I was already torn, I wanted him to be my voice of reason. 
“Did you say no?”
“Of course I said no but he didn’t seem to accept that, he wants my real answer tomorrow morning.”
“Are you going to say no?” he said again.
“Dad, I don’t know if it’s that simple.” I said, feeling anxious about having to tell him about my interactions with both Harlow men.
“What did he ask?”
“He said he would send me home tomorrow with no more FBI intrusion in my life.” 
“What did he ask of you?” 
“Oh only to marry his son in ten or so years.” I said annoyed that he was being so callous to how I was feeling.
“What?” my father practically shrieked.
“Like I said, I said no.” 
“Then why are you calling me?” he asked his breathing was very harsh through the phone. He was clearly upset and he wasn’t going to be calming down for a while.
“I’m confused.” I said. 
“Why? Annie, do you know what he is asking of you?” 
“Yes, but I talked to Max.” I started but was disrupted by my father’s scoff when I had said Max’s name. 
“Of course he’d like this idea.” 
“I’m not defending him, dad. I love Ian and I want to be with Ian but….” I stopped did I really believe that me and Ian could possibly break up in the future? 
“What?” he asked, letting his agitation show and not making me feel very confident about telling him the next part.  
“What if we broke up?”
He sighed, “Annie, break ups are a part of life and you need to be a big girl and not want to run to the next caring guy with open arms. Max is no good for you. The Harlows are no good for you.” His tone was firm and unwavering. A few weeks ago I would have never even wavered in my mind the decision but Max wasn’t like his father. If I gave up Ian I was saving Max but I loved Ian too much to even consider giving him up.  
“I understand, thanks dad. You’ve cleared up a lot.” I said hanging up the phone. 
Dad was right, I was scapegoating with Max. I loved Ian and what I had told Donovan was the truth, I shouldn’t jeopardize my relationship by putting an expiration date on it. I just hope I kept my resolve when I told Max and his father that there was no way I was going to be a Harlow. 
~~~
Max knocked briskly on the door exactly an hour after our last meeting. 
“Hey come in.” I said switching off the TV and watching him walk in.
“So.” He asked stretching out the word to multiple syllables and making me feel just as horrible as I had when he left. 
“So, I’m going to say no tomorrow.” I said standing up. I thought he would be upset, but he just nodded, his mask firmly in place.
“Your dad talked you out of it?” he asked nonchalantly, or at least as nonchalantly as he could ask such a question. 
“No, but he made me realize that my first instinct was right. Max, you clouded my opinion for a minute but all we’ll ever be is friends. I like you as a friend. I care about you as a friend. I hope you understand that?”
He nodded, still giving no emotions away.
“Can I ask you a question though? I mean if you’re not too upset with me?”
He shook his head, “I’m not upset, I figured you’d say no I just hoped you wouldn’t.” I nodded in understanding.
“Well…okay… what happened between our dads?” I asked. I knew it had to be something for my father to have such a blatant disdain for the Harlow name. 
“I’m not completely sure but I can tell you my dad’s side of the story.” He said with a small smile. I nodded and he continued. “My dad told me that he used to have a good relationship with your father, actually knowing my dad I don’t think that’s completely accurate but I do believe this part is true because my Aunt Danielle agreed. Your father and my aunt dated. I don’t know how it went or anything but according to my family everyone thought they were in love. Your dad was given the opportunity to leave Sacramento and he took it, without even considering Danielle. That was the last time they saw him. Honestly, I think there are some gaps in that story, just because I know my dad, nothing is ever that simple with him.”
I nodded in understanding. Just from meeting Donovan twice I knew he seemed like an expert manipulator even when it came to the mundane.
Our conversation began to lag after talk of our fathers. 
“Okay, I guess I should be saying goodnight.” I said looking over at the clock, time had flown by and we had ended up talking for several hours.
“Yeah, you’re right.” He said standing up but instead of walking towards the door he came and hugged me. I was surprised at first and hugged him but when he hadn’t let me go I dropped my arms to my side. 
“Max.” I started.
“I know,” he sighed, “Goodnight.” I watched him walk out the door and close it behind him. 
I knew everything had shifted I just didn’t want to believe it. Max may have promised to leave me alone for Ian but after this conversation, I wasn’t sure if he was capable any more. This just meant I’d have to be the bigger person and avoid him too. 
I didn’t even want to consider if I was rethinking how I felt for him because it didn’t matter there was one constant in my life and that was not going to change. I love Ian. Liking Max would just lead to complications and liking someone like him would not be good for a girl’s heart. I mean look at Deena. The girl is a mess because she’s crazy about him. I could never deal with a guy like Max. So why was I even considering it? I shook the last thought from my head. “I think I’m going crazy.” I mumbled as I fell into my bed.

Chapter 13: Sorry but No
The next morning I woke up, after the worst sleep of my life. I had tossed and turned all night just thinking about what was going to happen when I rejected Donovan Harlow’s proposal. My imagination had run wild from him killing me on the spot to him laughing in my face saying I had no choice. Every scenario that came to mind was terrible and I prayed that none would occur. I knocked on Max’s door, last night he had insisted that he go with me for moral support and hopefully to keep his father from flipping a gasket. I hoped he knew what he was doing. 
“Just a sec.” He shouted after my knock. He opened the door a towel in hand and only jeans on. Damn! I thought looking over his surprisingly ripped physique. He was only seventeen and looked like that; no wonder Deena was staring daggers at me. I shook the hormonal thoughts from my head. 
“Still getting ready?” I said. He just smiled knowingly and walked further into his room. 
“Just ironing…I’ll be done in a second.” He said going back to his task. It was a pleasant surprise to see him ironing but a guy like him had to keep up good appearances especially when daddy was in town.
He wrapped up quickly and I was thankful when he slid the shirt over his head. I did not want to see anything that made me slightly interested in Maxwell Harlow. 
“Ready?” he asked as he opened his door for me. 
“As ready as I’m ever going to be.” I sighed and walked out towards the cafeteria. I was hoping to grab breakfast before I had to mentally prepare for seeing Max’s dad but I wasn’t given the luxury, he was there chatting with another agent when we entered the large room. He quickly wrapped up his conversation and was walking towards us as we sat at a table as far from anyone else as we could be. 
“This looks like good news?”  Donovan said with a diplomatic smile. I smiled weakly. 
“Please sit with us, Mr. Harlow.” I said, hopefully not giving away my growing nerves. I didn’t have the choice to let my anxiety get the better of me so I had to be firm and swift. 
“Actually, Mr. Harlow, I must decline your offer. I greatly appreciate you considering me but I don’t believe it would be an advantageous situation for our families.” I hurried out barely making contact with either Harlow. I finally looked up to see Donovan fuming. 
“And why would this not be advantageous?” he started, his voice sounding similar to a deep growl. 
“Dad?” Max said intervening it was probably going to be my demise. All I saw when I looked at Donovan Harlow was a look of pure hatred. “You gave her a choice…leave it be.” He said as firmly as he could. 
“You are agreeing with her?” he scoffed, “I thought you would be happy about my offer, Maxwell. What is going on?” 
“I like Annie, as a friend, I’m fine with just that.” His father scoffed loudly.
“What are they teaching you in this rat hole? Friends make you weak, Maxwell, it is something you have learned since birth. Trust no one!” 
I didn’t want to intervene but I knew I had to. “Mr. Harlow, Max is just trying to say he supports my decision. Frankly, it was my decision and I have made it. Now have a safe trip to New York, Mr. Harlow.” I said standing with my tray and walking away, but not before I heard Donovan’s throaty reply. 
“You’ll regret this, Miss Lee.” 
I looked back at him in surprise. This did not go well at all.  I had just pissed off one of the most powerful people in the FBI. This is the moment, I’m calling it, I’m royally screwed!
I continued to walk away, praying the tremors in my arms and legs were not visible as I walked away. I didn’t want him to know how much he had shaken me but that he had.
I went to my first class twenty minutes early just to be able to have a chance to breathe and stop the stupid shaking that had overcome every limb of my body. Five minutes later, Max walked in, a mix of emotions covering his face. 
“What happened?” I practically croaked out. Anxiety was getting the better of me. 
“He’s angry… very angry, Annie. I don’t know what he’s going to do but you need to be prepared.”
I nodded, it was the only thing I would trust myself to do. 
“Maybe you should consider going home, it might be dangerous for you here, now.” He said as empathetically as he could, making me even more frightened. If Max was worried, I should be scared stupid. “Annie, I promise nothing will happen to you.” I looked at him not really sure if I could believe him now, could he really defend me against his own father? Would he? “Relax, we can talk about this later, who knows he could be bluffing.” He said with an unconvincing shrug. If his father was bluffing than I was the freaking Queen of England. In all honesty, I just wasn’t that lucky something bad was about to happen and I didn’t need visions to tell me that. 
The rest of the day I was a nervous wreck, jumping at the slightest sound and checking over my shoulders as often as possible. I was packing from my meeting with Dr. Chandler, we had started to make progress and he had actually been thrilled with my successes these last few weeks. Today was another story, I couldn’t focus and even Dr. Chandler noticed how jittery I was, when he was usually oblivious of the world around him. 
“I think we should just end now, Annie. You seem kind of preoccupied today. Go get some rest and we will meet up tomorrow.” He said folding over his files and starting to clear off his desk.” 
“Okay, thanks, Dr. Chandler.”  I said and started my own packing. I finished shoving notes into my bag and walked into the hallway only to run into Agents Bolis and Whitman in deep conversation.
“Annabel, just the girl we were looking for.” Agent Bolis said with an obviously forced smile on his face, when he noticed me exit the classroom. Agent Whitman didn’t even attempt to smile but just continued scowling. Didn’t her mother ever tell her, her face could freeze like that? Or had it already froze like that?
“What would you like to talk about, Agents?” I said guarded. Anything that involved Whitman meant trouble for me. 
“Annie,” Mike started. “We would like to discuss your progress.” 
“About what in particular?” I asked, the feeling of nausea growing in the pit of my stomach.
“We’ve gotten strict orders from the guys upstairs to prove without a doubt what your abilities are and what your connection to Ian Molina may be.” I blinked in astonishment. Where the hell were these orders coming from? 
“And what tactics exactly will you be using to assess my abilities?” I asked, hoping the anxiety wasn’t evident in my voice. Agent Whitman smiled, or grimaced is a more accurate description.
“I plan on testing your abilities myself.” She started. I felt my blood run cold and my heart hammering in my rib cage like it was trying to escape. They had to be kidding.
“My father won’t agree to that.” I said evenly.  She was about to say more but Bolis effectively cut her off. 
“That is one of the options. I personally plan on talking to your father to convince him and give us his approval. We do plan on using Agent Whitman’s abilities but we are also taking a more scientific approach to make sure we cover all our bases.” 
“And what scientific approach is that?” I asked showing all of the disdain I was feeling for this conversation. 
“Well several decades ago, it was discovered that these psychic abilities that some people possess are present on specific cells and by analyzing the genes in these cells we can compare them to figure out your gifts.” Bolis continued. 
My mouth dropped open in astonishment. They could actually do that? “Why have you not done that? If it is so effective?” I asked. 
“It is a very tedious process that can take up to a week to complete and it also requires that we put you under for a certain amount of time.” 
“Put me under? Why?” I asked, the fear clear in my tone. 
“Well it’s sort of an operation, we have to take a sample of your neuronal cells to acquire the appropriate information.” 
“You are going to cut me open?” I shrieked. “No…. no way. You guys need to come up with some new options. I’m not doing either of those.” I said stepping away from them but Mike got a hold of my arm. 
“Annie.” Whitman coughed showing her disapproval. “Miss Lee,” he said as a correction. “There are no other options. I am informing you of what will happen tomorrow. Our hands are tied, I’m calling your father but frankly the FBI doesn’t care about his opinion anymore. You are excused from your classes tomorrow for testing and will be excused as long as you need to recuperate from surgery.” Bolis said firmly and turned to walk towards his office.
I stared as both agents walked away. This could not be happening? Why would this be happening? Who had given these orders? That’s when it dawned on me like a sledge hammer to my skull. “Harlow.” 
I nearly ran to Max’s room and banged loudly on the door. 
“Annie, what the he--” but he stopped speaking when he saw my face. I was holding back from crying, but wasn’t doing a stellar job of it. He pulled me into his room and slammed the door shut behind us. “What happened?” he said in complete seriousness. 
I recanted what had happened with Agent Bolis and Whitman to him including her testing my abilities to the awful surgery they wanted to perform on me. His face was grim and his eyes bore his worry clearly. This is bad news if Max was worried.
“I’m so sorry, Annie, this is all my fault. This has to be my dad.” He said letting go of my hand and sitting back in his bed. 
“Max, I need a plan. I can’t be here tomorrow. I need to leave.” I said firmly. It was the only thing I was sure of. There was no chance I was going to be here when they came to test me. There was no way I was letting them near me with a scalpel in hand.
“Right, call your father?” he started, “He needs to get on the road.” I nodded and stumbled to find my cell phone in my bag. 
“Dad?” I said, hoping to sound like I wasn’t crying. 
“Annie? Is something wrong?” 
“Have you talked to Agent Bolis today?” I choked out
“No,” my father answered, his tone guarded, “will I?” 
“If they were telling the truth yes.” I said not able to hold back the sob. Max wrapped an arm around my shoulder and pulled me towards him. I let him, I wasn’t strong enough to talk without crying let alone fight off Max.
“Dad, you have to pick me up. I can’t be here tomorrow---” I started crying and my words were indiscernible so Max grabbed my phone and clarified. 
“Sir, it’s time for her to go, they are going to hurt her if she stays any longer.” Max said and then he continued telling my father what had happened in great detail. He was able to put on that FBI training facade and sound like he was briefing my father on a case. My father was enraged and after hanging up with him I knew he was on his way. 
“He won’t get here in time, he won’t be here till early tomorrow morning.” I said after the tears had mostly subsided. 
“I know I have a plan.” He said simply, “We are leaving in a half hour you need to pack.”
“Wait we?” I said the tears quickly dissolving. “Max, you can’t leave this place.” I said firmly. 
“I have to.” He said grabbing a backpack from his closet and starting to fill it with clothes and water bottles. 
“No, Max your father would be furious. You can’t do this.” I insisted. 
“Annie, if I don’t you won’t know where to go.”
“Where are we going?” I asked resisting the urge to continue arguing because he did have a point.
“It would be better if you didn’t know.” He said as he stopped packing and turned to me. “Annie, go pack.” He said and touched my arm. I had a vision. 

Chapter 14: You Saw?
“So what is this place?” I asked as Max stopped at the front door of a wooden cabin.
 “We used to come here when I was little. Once we check that it’s all clear we call your dad and he can pick you up here.” Max said trying to pick the lock on the door. 
“Max, thanks” I said looking down at him, “I mean it, I don’t know what I would have done without you.” I continued. 
“It’s nothing.” He said as he pushed the cabin door open. 
~~~
I shook off the vision, “Okay.” I said but Max was still holding my arm. 
“Annie?” he said looking at me in shock. The color from his face was paler than normal. 
“Yes?” I asked worried I had missed something.
“Did you just have a vision?” he asked. 
“Yeah, did I look out of it?” I said knowing that I looked dazed whenever I had a vision. 
“About a cabin?” I froze. How could he have known that? 
“How did you know that?” I asked, completely focusing on Max’s face. 
“I saw it.” He said, still not fully recovered from the shock.
“How? That’s impossible. The only one that has ever seen my visions was Ian.” I said feeling frightened. “I’ve tried on different people and it never works. How is this possible?” I said sitting at his desk chair, baffled. 
Max seemed to shake off the shock and got to the more pressing matter at hand. “Go pack, we will talk about it later?” 
I nodded, “Max, we have to talk about this later.” I said as firmly as I could muster.
He nodded in acknowledgement and turned his back to me to continue packing. 
I walked across the hall to my room and started packing myself. As I packed, my mind began to wonder. How was it even possible? Ian was a norm who saw my visions, we had an electric touch. I didn’t have that with Max, but he saw my vision too? What was going on?
Twenty minutes later there was a soft knock on my door. “Come in.” I said and Max slid into my room. 
“Ready?” he asked, he had a bag in hand and had changed into dark pants and a black t-shirt.
“I just have to change.” I said looking at the shorts I was wearing. He nodded and I walked to the bathroom with a change of clothes.
I came back out a few minutes later and slid a few food supplies in my bag before we left.
“What’s the plan?” I asked when I threw the backpack over my shoulders. 
“We are sneaking out.” He said with a nonchalant shrug, like it was an everyday occurrence.
“How?” I said snidely not appreciating his indifferent manner.
He smiled when he noticed my frustration. “We are going into the garden and walking out the gate.”
“Won’t the cameras see?” I asked knowing there were dozens of cameras around the gardens. 
He smiled again, “Actually the cameras don’t face into the garden anymore. It’s seen too many campers doing stuff they shouldn’t so now they face up looking at the edges of the gates to make sure no one is climbing them.”
“So if we slip out through the gate they won’t see us?” I said in disbelief. 
“Exactly” he said happy I was catching on. 
“But that sounds absurd.” I couldn’t help but point out.
“So absurd it’s true. Next, we are going to have to go about a hundred feet undetected that will be the hardest part, than we climb up the first tree we see and cross the rest of the compound through the trees.”
“Wait… trees?” I asked praying I was hearing things.  He nodded, crushing my hopes of this being some horrible nightmare. “Last time I checked Max, I was not a monkey. I can’t do that.” I said but he promptly cut off my argument with a look that said there was no other way.
“It’s the only way we are getting out of here.” He said matter-of-factly.
“How do you know this?” I asked curious as to how he knew so much about FBI surveillance and how to dupe them.
“Tried it once. Worked like a charm.” He said with one of his devilishly handsome smiles. I knew he had to have gone through a lot of trouble to figure this all out. 
“Where are we going? The cabin?” I asked shifting my gaze from his face.
He nodded, “We need to go.” I followed him out my door. We casually went into the entertainment room, but it was surprisingly empty for an hour after dinner.  We slid into the gardens unnoticed, still a bit surprising. Where was everyone? We scurried quickly down the path. Max started digging through his bag as we went towards the gate. He pulled out a small case and did a perimeter check before picking the lock on the gate. He picked the lock quickly and efficiently enough that we had to have slid out in under a minute. When we went out the gate I was very surprised when no alarms started to go off alerting everyone we were trying to escape. How was that even possible? 
“Told you.” Max said smugly as we moved into the shadows of a nearby brick building that matched every other building in the compound. This was turning out to be a lot easier than I thought it would be. Max walked to the first tree that came into view and started climbing the wide trunk effortlessly. He climbed up to the first set of branches, “Come on, Annie, we don’t have all day.” He said. I gulped, than looked around at the deserted compound and started up the massive trunk. I reached the first of the branches across from Max and he started towards another set of thick branches. “Once we cross these branches, that set right there is the next tree.” He said moving over the large branches. I was surprised that they weren’t giving under his weight but I continued on without question. 
I had the eeriest feeling the further we got away from the compound. It was the warning bells ringing in my head that this was too easy but I followed ahead, silently, mostly ignoring my rationality for a chance at safety. After going through several trees, I finally saw the gate to the outside. Taking the lead because I was actually getting the hang of this tree crossing business I found my way two trees in front of Max before he said slow down. I obliged. I waited for him to catch up and he did. 
“You’re not a monkey?” he said breathily. 
“I guess I’m more of a monkey than I thought.” I said with a smile.
“We have to be careful at the gates.” He said completely stopping me in my tracks.
“Why?” I asked starting to move steadily ahead again. 
“You’ll see.” He said almost as soon as I finished at the last tree. The barbed wire surrounding the top of the gate rose about five feet above the gate. 
“How are we supposed to get over this?” I said in disbelief. Max came up behind me. 
“We levitate over.” He said simply like it shouldn’t have been given more than a second’s thought.
“What? I can’t do that!” I said in disbelief and edged a bit with anxiety.
“You don’t have to.” He said as he started floating past me. I watched in astonishment as he floated high enough that he wouldn’t touch the gate and then landed on the tree on the other side of the gate without so much as shaking the branch.
“Holy hell.” I said, I would never be able to do that. I could barely focus long enough to move a pencil let alone myself.
“Do you think you can do that, Annie?” he asked and I shook my head. There was no way I was going to be capable of something like that even if I did practice.
“Okay, don’t move.” He said and I started to lift off the branch. 
“Max, I’m not comfortable with this.” I said moving higher and higher off the branch. 
“Please shut up.” He said, his face was scrunched in concentration.  His eyes and forehead crinkled in concentration but in a matter of moments I was standing on a nearby branch of the tree outside of the gate we had made it, still barely shaking the branch I had landed on.
“We made it!” I said in disbelief. I reached out to hug Max but he stopped me.
“Did you hear that?” He said while crossing into another tree. 
“No?” I asked confused as I started to follow him. 
“I think the alarms are on. They know we are gone.” He retorted speeding up. I followed closely behind and stopped when Max started climbing down. 
“Why are we getting out of the trees?” I asked as I started down too. 
“The cameras are gone we will be faster walking on ground.” He said starting to take long strides ahead. I had to run to catch up with him. We ran for a while the only sound me panting heavily. 
~~~ 
“So are you going to be honest now?” I said finally catching up to him after his long strides had put him ahead of me. 
“About what?” he asked incredulously. 
“Why was that escape so easy? You’re not telling me something.” I said keeping his hurried pace. 
“You’re right.” He said not slowing down. 
“Well?” I asked waiting for him to continue. 
“The cameras.” He replied simply. 
“What about the cameras?” I questioned irritated. 
“Annie, it’s technically impossible to get out of there if you can’t do what we can.”
“And why is that?” I asked.
“Because I had to move the cameras.” He said sheepishly. 
“So you lied about the cameras facing up?” I said.
“No, but there about a dozen cameras facing the gate out to the compound.”    
“You moved them all?” I said in disbelief. Holy crap. This kid was more powerful than I could possibly imagine. 
He nodded and turned to focus on where he was going. 
“I didn’t know you were that skilled.” I said following behind him.  Of course he was, he lifted us up about five feet without even shaking the trees. There was a lot I was lacking in the telekinesis department. 
~~~
We walked for what seemed like forever and finally came across the wooden cabin. I looked at my watch it had been four hours since we had left. I was starting to feel the drudgery of the hike. 
“So what is this place?” I asked as Max stopped at the front door of a wooden cabin.
 “We used to come here when I was little.” He started pulling out his small lock picking set. “Once we check that it’s all clear we call your dad and he can pick you up here.” Max said focusing his attention on trying to pick the lock on the door. 
“Max, thanks,” I said looking up at him, “I mean it, I don’t know what I would have done without you.” I continued. 
“It’s nothing.” He said and pushed the door open. 
“So how do you know about this place again?”  I said as I walked into the large open living room and dining room. It was huge. I looked around the furniture was a little outdated but the place was very nice. 
“My parents used to vacation here every summer, my mom thought it was quant.”
“Quant? This is huge!” I replied looking around at the massive living area.
“It’s only five bedrooms.” Max said with a shrug.
“Only?” I scoffed. “So who stays here?” 
“I don’t know that’s why we are going to look around.” He said as he motioned for me to stay quiet. 
Max quietly walked around the house checking every room including the garage. “It looks clear.” He said walking into the kitchen. “But someone is still using it.”
“Why do you say that?” I asked.
“All the utilities are still on and there is food in the fridge and cabinets.” I followed into the kitchen. The fact that there was food, was a relief. 
“How about I cook something, I’m starved.” I said as I went into the fridge. 
He chuckled, “You can eat now but at camp it was a problem.” I glared at him and I continued to look for something easy to make. 
“I’m going to take a quick shower, okay? Don’t leave the kitchen until I get back.” He said starting to leave.
“Max,” I said and he stopped in his tracks. “Do you really think we are safe here?” I asked. My nerves getting the better of me, as I thought about how we were alone in the woods with the FBI hunting us down.
“Yeah, I do. I’ll explain later but first let me get the dirt off me.” I nodded and let him leave. 
It was weird being in a place like this. I looked around at the kitchen. The walls were wood paneled and the large square wooden table took up a huge amount space in the room. The kitchen was a decent sized with black appliances balancing the light colored wood that seemed to be all over the cabin. I had decided to do the easiest thing I could and made macaroni and cheese from the box. 
As I set the water to boil I started to think about all that was going to happen now that I had left. Contract terminated. I would be lucky to not have to come back to another session next summer but that was the least of my worries. I knew that I would be followed indefinitely by them. I also knew that any further involvement I had with the FBI, Donovan Harlow would have a hand in. I shook these nightmarish thoughts from my head before my appetite completely left me.  
 
Chapter 15: Revelations
I started to stir in the pasta, and my mind went back to Ian. I had to call him, but Max insisted I didn’t turn on my cell phone in case it was being traced. He was probably worried sick with my mother. I had to figure out a way to call him. I looked around and found a cordless phone sitting in a corner on the granite counter and by some miracle of God it worked. 
“Hello?” he answered his tone was frantic. I felt his frazzled nerves the second he picked up the phone.
“Ian?” I said in relief. 
“Annie, oh God, where are you? We just got a call from Bolis saying you and Max are missing.” 
“Relax, I’m okay, I called dad and told him everything, I have to call him and tell him where I am now but I’m safe.”
“Are you with…” he stopped talking but I knew exactly what he meant.
“Max? Yes, he saved my life, Ian.” I said trying in a futile effort to calm him down but being that I was alone with Max I doubted he would be calm until I was in his arms.
“I’m so happy you called, god I had this terrible feeling that something bad had happened to you.” He said ignoring the comment about Max altogether.
“No, I’m okay. Today has just been the day from hell.” I complained. 
“Tell me about it…I miss your voice.” I sighed, I couldn’t wait to be in his arms for good.
“I didn’t tell you yesterday but Max’s dad tried to offer me a deal--”
“What kind of deal?” he interjected.
“A deal to get out of this psychic job crap if I married Max in the near future.”
“What did you say?” he asked calmly. 
“No, of course. I told him no and he said I was going to regret it. I went to my classes and after I finished I ran into Whitman and Bolis. They told me they had strict orders to find out what I was capable of, they were planning on Whitman testing my abilities again, and they were going to do a surgery. I had to leave. Max knew how to escape so I called dad and then we left.”
“I can’t believe he left with you.” He said with a cross of aggression and disbelief in his voice. 
“There’s one more thing, Ian.” 
“Yeah.” He said.
“Max saw one of my visions.” It was silent on the other end of the line. “Ian?”
“How?” was all he said back to me.  
“I don’t know. I’d really like to know that myself.” I said and I heard Max behind me. 
“Me too.” Max said as he went to check on the boiling pasta. He started draining it out and I couldn’t help but look at him. Why did he insist on being shirtless, it was just cruel but I quickly regained my focus. Ian mattered more than random shirtless guys no matter how much they worked out. 
“Call your dad.” Ian said bringing me completely back to reality I turned my back on Max. 
“Yeah, okay, I love you, Ian, bye.” I said still not facing Max. 
“Bye, I can’t wait to see you.” He retorted sweetly. 
“Me too.” I whispered as I hung up the phone. 
“You almost ruined the mac and cheese.” Max said leaning against the sink with his arms crossed over his bare chest. 
“Sorry I was distracted.” I said still diverting my eyes to anything but Max and his lack of shirt. 
“Did you call your dad?” he asked as he turned and started to mix the cheese with the macaroni. 
“No, planning on doing that now.” I said picking up the phone. I heard Max whisper something snarky but I ignored it while calling my dad.
“Hello?” Steven answered on the first ring. 
“Hey dad, it’s me.” 
“Oh god you had me worried to death, where are you?” He didn’t ask but more like demanded. 
“I’m gone, I’m not exactly sure where, Max brought me.”
“Put him on.” He said firmly. It was a tone that I was getting too familiar with already and not liking it.
“Okay.” I said taking the cordless phone over to him. Max grabbed the phone and started to give him directions as I plated the finished dinner onto fancy square perfectly white plates. I placed them on the big wooden dining room table and then went in search for something to drink.  
Walking back into the room, I noticed Max wasn’t on the phone anymore. “What happened?” I asked curious why he had walked out the room with the phone, but I highly doubted I was getting an answer to that.
“I gave him directions, he’s on his way.” Max said as he began to eat. He had finally put a shirt on, thankfully, and was eating like it was his first meal in weeks. He could really eat I didn’t understand it. I sat down and I started eating myself. We ate in silence. 
“So did Ian tell you why I saw your vision?” he said cutting through the silence. 
“Why would he know that?” I asked. 
He shrugged, “I figured you two had some sort of idea what was happening.” 
“Actually we have no clue, it’s so weird. My dad has been trying to figure it out for months but nothing. I thought it was me that was projecting but I can’t project onto anyone else, I mean besides you. ”
“So who have you tried it on?” Max asked casually. 
“Ian, my mother, a few other norms I’ve come in contact with.” I said with a shrug. “I thought Ian was the only one because of the electric shock thing but I don’t know anymore.” 
“Electric shock?” Max said his interest in the subject increasing. “Like there is a jolt when you touch?” I nodded, “That’s common in projection.” He said.
“I know my dad told me that but I don’t have that with you. Why did you see my vision?” I asked afraid of the answer. 
“Can you and Ian do anything else?” he asked a pensive expression on his face. I leaned back I wasn’t sure if I wanted to tell him about the other stuff, he was in fact the enemy no matter how nice he was being to me. He was still the enemy and I had to keep that in the front of my thoughts.
“Come on, Annie, you are going to hold back now?” he said exasperated giving me that look that said I know you were hiding something else.
“Fine, you won’t tell a soul, Max?” I said ignoring my better instincts.
“This again? Annie, I think after everything we’ve been through you could trust me.” He said it like it should be true but the voice in the back of my head told me I couldn’t trust him fully. 
“I know you are right but old habits die hard.” I said. “Ian and I can also read each others’ emotions.”
Max looked at me, the wheels in his head were obviously spinning. “That’s impossible.” He said finally. 
“What? Why?” I said surprised at his response. 
“Because you can’t be an Empath.” He said simply. 
“Again more clarification, Max.” I said starting to get annoyed with his cryptic answers.
“Okay,” he said preparing a long speech. “You and I, Annie, are telekinetic. Our gifts are telekinetic. Visions, pushing, and pulling thoughts, projection, blowing stuff up with your mind and telekinesis are all fundamentally telekinetic abilities. They have nothing to do with the amygdala.”
“Amygdala?” I asked, I knew it was in the brain but what did it have to do with my abilities. 
“An empath’s abilities are possible through an enlarged amygdala. The amygdala is the center for a person’s emotions. The amygdala in Empaths, is not only capable of registering that individual’s emotions but other’s emotions as well, it varies mostly with their abilities.” 
“So why is it impossible?” I said overwhelmed by the biology lesson I was receiving. 
“They are conflicting gifts, a telekinetic individual already has an enlarged corpus callosum. There has never been a case where an individual has both.” 
“What if I’m the exception?” I said snidely. 
“Or Ian is an empath?” Max said equally as snarky.
“Oh my god!” I said. “That’s it!”
“What?” Max said not catching my drift. 
“The projection if Ian is an empath that makes him psychic and you’re psychic. I can project onto psychics not norms.” I had finally figured out the mystery. Max stared at me for a moment. “Wait, that doesn’t explain why I get a shock from Ian but not you.” I said starting to feel down again.
“That’s easy.” Max said with a teasing smile, “It’s common when empaths are strongly attached to someone or interested in someone.” 
“Really?” I said in disbelief. 
“Yup, common knowledge.” Max said with a brief smile before he grabbed our dishes and headed back to the kitchen. 
“Thanks, Max.” I said standing at the doorway. “For everything. Without you I don’t think I would have gotten through this summer. I thought I would hate you but you really aren’t as bad as I thought.”  I continued. I don’t know what possessed me to be so honest besides it probably being the only chance I would get to say it before reality set back in on us and I was either in hiding or we were just on opposite sides.
“Yeah, you’re welcome. Why don’t you grab a shower?” he said as he started the dishes. I nodded and walked to the nearby bedroom Max had used. 
“Wow.” I said looking around at the oversized bed and the enormous amount of space. The hardwood floor and wood paneling matched perfectly. The room was so large there was a sitting area in the bedroom and a small nook for an office.  How is this quant? I looked at the clock it was already nine. Dad wouldn’t be here for another couple of hours. The least I could do was not look like I had been climbing in trees all day. I walked into the oversized bathroom. There was a shower, Jacuzzi, a TV, and two sinks. This was really nice. I almost felt bad about using it. Almost. I pulled open my bag and took out a change of clothes before I riffled around for a towel. I closed the door and turned the shower on. 
A half hour later, I got out and dressed into another set of dark jeans and dark shirt. I packed up all my stuff and walked into a slightly sunk in living room, there were two steps down to the entry closer to the TV area. There was a massive TV set in the center of the room with a black sectional surrounding it.
“What took you so long?” Max said as he grabbed popcorn from an oversized bowl in his lap. 
“Making yourself right at home.” I said teasingly as I sat beside him and grabbed a handful of popcorn. 
“Why should I starve when there is food?” Max said simply as he turned his attention back to what he was watching. We sat quietly for a bit just appreciating the silence and the popcorn, but I couldn’t take it anymore. My mind was racing a mile a minute no matter how normal we pretended to be it wasn’t happening. 
“Do you think everything is going to be okay after this?” I asked as I grabbed another handful of popcorn. 
“Honestly, I don’t know.” He said in an uncharacteristic tone. I looked at him, trying to read what he was thinking and failing. “What?” he said as he saw me watching him.
“What are you thinking?” I asked. 
“I’m thinking that my dad is going to kill me. I’m thinking he’s going to be beyond pissed and there is no chance in hell I’m ever coming back to Pittsburg. I’m thinking you probably still aren’t safe. I’m thinking this would have never happened if you didn’t say no.” I looked away from him as he said the last part. I didn’t want to talk about this again. 
“Max.” I started.
“You asked.” He said quickly before I retorted. 
“I’m sorry.” I said simply. 
A look of surprise came across his face. This new honesty thing was nice. He actually gave me a hint to what he was feeling every once in a while “Why?”  
“You may have been a much better friend than I have been.” I said. 
“And why is that?” he said a small closed mouth grin coming to his face yet it wasn’t the least bit smug.
“You have kept up every part of this bargain. You’ve protected me, despite what everyone else has said. Despite what your father would do, you’ve stayed by my side. I don’t even know how to attempt to repay that or why you would put up with so much from me, when you barely know me, but I’m so grateful.” His smile had disappeared as I spoke. “Why did you do it, Max?” I asked looking up at his blank expression. He didn’t speak for a while. The FBI improved expression starting to bother me, at this particular time.
“Annie.” He tried but stopped again, his voice and face not even hinting at what he really wanted to say. 
“You can tell me.” I said trying to sound as supportive as I could be. Wasn’t it my turn to be his friend for once?
“You know why.” He said, his expression becoming guarded. Still I had no clue what he was talking about. 
“No, I don’t.” I said, feeling hurt I was trying to be honest with him and he was still hiding stuff from me. 
“I mean, when I first said I would do it. I thought you’d get to know me and realize I was so much better than that norm.” He chuckled but it wasn’t a happy sound. “I guess he’s not a norm after all. I didn’t think it would be this hard. I thought you would fall for me like everyone else did.” He stopped again to look at me. “After the blacklisting I was ready to back out of the deal and then I saw how hurt you were and I couldn’t bear it.” He stopped again. “Tell me to shut up.” He said the pleading clear in his deep blue eyes, but I had to know now. I had a feeling this was the only time Max and I would ever discuss this again. I had to hear it.
“What? Why?” I said surprised by the request. I wanted to hear the end of the story, but from his growing unease a similar feeling was settling in my stomach. 
“Don’t make me tell you more.” He said looking away. I never saw Max this way. It was an emotion I didn’t know he had even possessed.
“Max,” I said placing my hand on his shoulder, “There really isn’t anything you could say that could make me hate you.” 
“No, there is.” He said with another dark chuckle as he turned to face me. “Do you really want to know?” he said his voice and expression pained. “You broke my heart, Annie, I knew how hurt you were by how everyone treated you. I wanted to protect you, I couldn’t bear to see you sad. I don’t know what you’ve done to me.” He said darkly.  
“What I’ve done to you?” I repeated a little startled by the statement. 
“Annie,” he sighed, “Don’t you get it?” I shook my head. Was I being that dense? What was he trying to tell me?

Chapter 16: Hearing things?
He sighed in exasperation, “I’m in love with you.” He said it as casual as if he asked to change the channel. I turned and looked at him. Did he really just say that he loved me? Was I hearing things? This couldn’t be happening.  “Annie, are you okay?” He asked as he moved towards me. 
“Stop toying with me, really, what is it?” I said shaking off his hands. My mind was racing with everything today had brought. This was just the icing on the cake. I felt like I was going to have an aneurism soon with how fast my brain was going. I thought sure he’d point out he liked me but love. Could Max Harlow actually love? 
“Annie, I’m serious,” he said his expression shifting, to show how serious he was. He grabbed my shoulders. “Don’t hate me.” He said remorsefully. I shook off his grasp. 
“I just need to think.” I said standing and walking into the empty bedroom again. I slammed the door behind me and hoped he would listen. He was in love with me? It just didn’t seem right, Max was not the kind of boy to fall in love. What was he doing saying that? What was he doing falling for me? My confusion, led me back to Ian. How could I be confused about Max when I had Ian, Beautiful, perfect Ian? The guilt had found its place settling uncomfortably with the popcorn and mac and cheese I had just eaten. How was I ever going to tell Ian? He would be so hurt. I didn’t even know I was leading Max on. Was I really that dense? I should have saw the signs. I had thought he had a crush on me but in love was the last thing that would ever have come to mind when I thought about Max Harlow and his feelings about me. It just didn’t seem possible.
“Annie, talk to me. You can’t just hide in there.” Max said after a little while.
“I really just want to be alone.” I said still safely behind the closed door.
“Time’s up.” He said instead. He walked in and sat closely beside me on floor. 
“Talk.” He said simply. 
“I don’t want to talk.” I snapped sliding over until I backed into the bed. 
“I’m not asking for anything, Ann. I just told you how I feel. I didn’t expect you to feel the same way or to reciprocate.” I looked at him, he didn’t want anything out of this then why was I feeling so horrible. I couldn’t have feelings for him, not love feelings. Max was attractive and a good friend, but that’s all it was. What was wrong with me? Why didn’t I know? I knew instantly with Ian. I couldn’t have feelings for Max, it didn’t make any sense.
I felt the tears welling in my eyes. “What the hell is going on in that head of yours?” he said and then quieted after a moment. 
“You shouldn’t feel guilty. None of this is your fault.” He said after a moment.
“Yeah,” I scoffed, “And what makes you think I feel guilty.” 
“You post your thoughts like a billboard for me.” He said with a soft laugh. 
“Max, I’m sorry for leading you on. I’m such a horrible friend and girlfriend.” I said miserably. 
“Annie,” he said throwing an arm over my shoulder. “You have never led me on and you have done nothing to make Ian upset with you. You’ve been faithful and honest to him about everything.” I knew he was right but the gnawing ache of guilt was still there. Was I missing something?
“I’m a big boy. I know nothing will ever happen between us but it’s nice to be honest.” He said leaning his head back onto the foot of the bed and wrapping his arm more firmly around my shoulders until my head rested on his chest. I pulled away only slightly and rested my head on his shoulder. “Let’s just go back to normal?”
“We’ve never been normal.” I jokingly replied.
We jumped when we heard a knock. “What’s that?” I said jumping to my feet. He looked at the time. Had we really dozed off for two hours?
“It can’t be your dad. Can it?” Max said standing and motioning for me to stay in the bedroom. I saw him maneuver to the door without appearing in any view of the windows, only the way someone specially trained could do. He looked through the peephole and mouthed a profanity. He started back and grabbed our bags. 
“We have to get out of here.” He said as he came back into the master suite. 
“What? Who is it?” 
“Not the people we wanted to see. There are a lot of them.” He said grabbing our bags. 
My eyes widened with the realization that the FBI had found us. We were officially screwed. I threw my backpack on and followed Max to a nearby door that led to a cellar. “There’s a window beside the door so I can check before we leave.  Annie, we head to the highway and flag someone down. North. Don’t wait for me if I’m not following.”
I shook my head, “Max, I’m not leaving you.” I said as firmly as I could in hushed tones. 
“You have to Ann. They won’t do anything to me but who knows what they will do to you.” Max said giving me a firm shake before he slightly moved the curtain to see if anyone was out this end. 
“There are only a few guys back here. We can knock them out and head out.” Max said pulling me towards the road. “Are you willing to defend yourself, Annie?” he asked.
I nodded and tried to push out the last of my worries and anxiety we had to do this. Max opened the door slightly and a few guys noticed. Max threw them into nearby trees without even moving. I slid out beside him. It was clear from the moment he grabbed my hand and we started to run that this was a bad idea and we soon realized why when we came to a quick stop facing the only man that scared me to my high-top sneakers. Donovan Harlow. 
“Now where do you think you are going?” Donovan Harlow said with a sneer on his face, he was holding someone up, telekinetically of course. They looked unconscious as their head bobbed forward.
“Dad?” I said in disbelief when I realized he was holding my father’s limp body. “What did you do to him?” I shouted but Max held me back we were surrounded by large, armored men. 
Donovan smiled, “You know, Annie, I really like you, but I can’t say the same thing about him.” He said, his eyes narrowing on Max, his only son. 
“What do you want?” I asked desperate to see my father and check if he was alive and breathing.
“Come back home, Annie.” He said with what I would have earlier considered a charming smile  but after getting to know him it was anything but charming. Max pulled me firmly towards himself, his arm was holding me too tightly but I didn’t care. 
“Don’t look into his eyes.” Max whispered into my ear. Damn pushers, I had almost forgotten. My face was completely blocked by Max’s bulky frame. 
“Annie, you aren’t even going to look at me.” Donovan said with a chuckle. “You want to know how I found you?” he asked but it was probably just to torment me. 
“Dad, stop this! Just let her go!” Max said in a tone I had never heard before. I knew he was angry but his voice made the hairs on my neck stand with the sheer force and viciousness of it. 
“Maxwell. You really have gone soft. I don’t know how angry I should be yet.” He said simply. “Well back to what I was saying, Annabel.” He said brushing off Max’s comments like the minor annoyance he thought it was. “I never would have thought of this place if we didn’t find your father wandering around. Hell, I didn’t even know Max remembered this place.” He smiled for a moment like he was proud of Max but it quickly dissipated, “Grab’em boys” Donovan said as he turned and started to drag my father away. 
I scoffed, was he serious? The dozens of guards started to tighten the circle around us. “Ready?” Max said as we turned back to back facing the men in black uniforms. 
“As ready as I’m ever going to be.” I said. Max threw two guards into each other before I even finished the sentence and I started to throw guards at trees. I had to reach Donovan. I had no clue what he had done to my father, but I knew I had to stop him before he got back to the compound. I started to run as we made an opening. Donovan turned with a surprised look on his face as he saw me throw the guard out of my way that was following closely behind him. 
“My my, Annie, this is a pleasant surprise.” He said stopping and turning to face me. 
“Give him back.” I said firmly. 
“Annie, now what good would that do me?” he said and then with a quick nod. I was surrounded again by another dozen guards. This time they had no quips about using their abilities and I was being teleketically held to a tree before I even knew what was happening. “Knock her out boys and bring her and Maxwell.” I glared at him but when I saw two guards dragging Max’s body behind Donovan. I knew I wasn’t getting out of this. One of the guards came face to face with me. “Go to sleep now, Annie.” He said, the hypnotizing tone of his voice and the unbreakable hold of his eyes made it clear. I was being pushed. I blacked out. 
I woke up in the dark, but as soon as I moved the room became illuminated. I looked around at the stark white walls and floor. I knew exactly where I was. 
“So glad you finally woke up” Donovan said through the microphone located in the adjoining room. 
“Let me out, Harlow.” I said irritably. This game was starting to get more and more frustrating by the minute. What did he think he was going to do. Someone here had to know what he was doing and was trying to stop him.
“Why would I do something like that when I just caught you?” he said coldly. “You surprised me out there, Annie, you’re much more valuable than I could have hoped.” 
“And why is that?” I replied angrily.
“Telekinesis? I didn’t even dream of something so perfect, but you my dear are as close to perfect as it gets.”
I stood up and every muscle screamed in protest. I slowly walked to the door but of course it was locked with several guards posted behind it.
“I wouldn’t make it that easy for you now would I?” Donovan said that businessman tone coming back. 
“Where’s my dad? Where’s Max?” I said already feeling frustrated in this situation. I needed to stop talking to a madman and find a way out and to my dad that’s all that mattered.  
“I think you are starting to give yourself away, Annabel.”
“And why is that?” I said snidely. 
“You seem to care an awful lot about my son.” I glared at the window I knew he was near it even if I couldn’t see him just his ominous shadow.
“Where are they?” I tried again.
“They are safe. You don’t have to worry your pretty little head about them.” He said mockingly. 
“Okay, than what am I doing here?” I said as I crossed my arms. 
“That is a much better question. It seems you omitted some abilities when you made your deal with Agents Bolis and Whitman. My only question is why didn’t Agent Bolis figure out you were lying and my only conclusion is that he’s become too fond of you. What are you doing to the men in my department, Miss Lee?” his tone wasn’t accusatory but more curious like he expected me to have some ability to hypnotize men. Yeah, right. 
I didn’t say a word.
“So I’m going to give you a few options, Miss Lee.” I let him continue. “You can tell me all of your abilities and demonstrate, or have Agent Whitman verify it. You can also undergo the surgery I’m sure they told you about.”
“How about none of the above?” I remarked. 
“You may be lovely, Annabel but you are starting to try my patience.” I rolled my eyes, but I doubt he noticed. “Personally, I would love to see you demonstrate those hidden abilities.” He continued and I could hear the cold smile that was behind that window facing me. 
“How would I do that?” I said crossly. It was really getting tiring to deal with his riddles and double meanings. I was starting to see where Max had gotten it from and was so glad he had at least outgrown it around me.
“Oh believe me I have it all planned.” He said in the most despicable tone I had ever heard. “Boys, bring him in.” Donovan shouted away from the microphone so I still didn’t get a good look at him. 
I turned to face the door. Two guards walked in carrying a large man his head was down and his dark hair was covering his face. They dropped him to the ground and walked out, slamming the door as they left. I looked at the guy on the ground. 
“Is this some kind of joke, Harlow?” I said walking closer to the dark haired man. His head lifted up and a gasp escaped from me. This was a sick joke.

Chapter 17: Push
“Max? What did they do to you?” I said backing away from the angry glare he was giving me. He slowly stood up, the hate still clear in his dark eyes. A low animal like sound reverberated through him. 
I couldn’t believe it; was Donovan Harlow so sick and twisted that he would push his own son just to prove a point? Didn’t he love him at all? 
“I won’t hurt him, Donovan!” I shouted still moving away from Max as he began to stalk closer towards me. 
“If you want to survive that is exactly what you have to do.” He said coolly and all business like. 
“He’s your son! Don’t you care at all?” I shouted back, my fear not being hidden very well with the squeaking in my tone.
“I do and I have all the confidence in the world that Max will be the victor. He was trained his entire life for this.” The elder Harlow replied back unperturbedly. 
I kept my focus on Max, he was getting closer and there was nowhere else for me to go. I couldn’t hurt him. He was my friend. He would never willingly hurt me and I could never willingly harm him. 
“Max…. can you hear me? It’s Annie.” I started hoping to get through the push but it only seemed to enrage him more and he came charging for me like a wild bull. I screamed and pushed him towards the opposite wall, temporarily pinning him. I was strong but Max was physically stronger he would push through the hold I had on him. It was just a matter of how long it would take. I walked over not too close in case he lashed out.
“Max, you know me. We are friends. You don’t want to hurt me.” I said as firmly as I could muster given the situation. “My name’s Annabel Lee. Don’t you remember?” He seemed to get angrier with every word I spoke until he finally broke the mental hold I had on him and tackled me. I landed on the stark white tile, with a hard thump to my head that left me seeing stars for several moments. Max’s weight was firmly on top of me, making me immobile. His eyes still wore the same dark shroud of hatred. 
“I hope you live up to that name.” I said before his hands wrapped around my throat. “Those were the first words--” I was cut off by the tightening of his grip around my airway. I felt the first onset of oxygen deprivation and tried to fight him off but it was futile. 
I shook off the dark spots and was able to push him off me telekinetically, it was the only way I was moving someone as massive as Max. I heard him hit the ground loudly and I fought every urge I had to check on him. He groaned and sat up, recovering a lot faster than I had hoped. I looked at him preparing to barge at me again. I locked eyes with him, the distant black of his eyes was starting to make me think undoing the push was impossible. I was at a loss, I had no idea what I could do in a situation like this. Max was the one that knew the strategies. He was the one that knew about what abilities were what and how to handle them. There was no way I was going to get out of this unless I hurt him and bolted. 
He started circling me again like I was prey, I had déjà vu of seeing this on the animal planet. “Max, just listen to me for a minute. Don’t you remember what we’ve been through? We don’t hate each other.” I said keeping my eye on him as he kept spiraling around me. “We are friends, Max. You promised to protect me… keep me safe.” I said still watching and waiting for him to make a move. Suddenly he stopped.
“You remember?” I asked, knowing my hopes were getting ahead of me. I saw the flash in his eyes for an instant the startling blue of his eyes were present but then it was quickly engulfed by the blackness and he lunged for me again. He slammed me into the wall. My head jarring off the wall causing the mild headache I had to instantly feel worse. Before I could recover from the surprising thrust into the wall, Max had slapped me squarely across the face.
“Surrender.” He said, his voice sounding nothing like the voice I was accustomed to, but it boomed through my skull. 
“Max,” I choked out, “Don’t do this.” I said my knees ready to buckle from the trauma. They gave but I didn’t move, he was holding me up, with his forearm pressed against my throat. I looked into his eyes. The only hope I had of winning this was making him remember. “You love me.” I whispered as the heaviness started to weigh more firmly on my consciousness. I kept all my focus on his eyes as I said the words. This was the only thing left that could get through to him. “Remember that if you don’t remember anything else, Max.”
I was met with the midnight blue sky of his eyes again. “Annie?” he said confused. He let up and I slumped to the ground. He bent down and made me sit up on the wall. “What’s going on?”
I looked at him, thanking my lucky stars that he had come out of it only to see his eyes dilate again. I had lost. If telling him he loved me didn’t break the hold. I had nothing left in my arsenal. He was either going to kill me or I was going to kill him. 
“Donovan! You bastard! Stop this… He’s your son!” I shouted using the last of my energy. Max’s expression hardened to that mask of revulsion again and with everything I had I threw him across the room. 
“Show me what you can do and we can stop this experiment.” Donovan replied calmly. 
“Are you insane? Why do you want me to hurt him? He’s your son. Why are you torturing him like this?”
“He needs to learn his lesson.” He said a hard edge coming to his voice. I didn’t think I could hate this man more but apparently it was possible. This man was probably the most putrid, immoral human being I had ever met in my life and he just seemed to sink lower into disgrace the longer I interacted with him.
“This isn’t the way to do it. He will hate you if he knew what you were doing to him.” 
“I don’t care what you think… he is my son and I can do as I please with him.” He growled back. Max was getting up a lot slower. I looked over at him and he came at me again, his hands coming out and clasping around my throat again. 
“Max, please, don’t you understand. Your father is making you do this. This isn’t you! This isn’t the Max I know.”  I said in a choked whisper. I focused my energy on his hands, after all a girl needed to breathe occasionally. “Fight him.” I said through harsh breaths. Max stood there unable to move his hands, his face contorting more with his mounting frustration. The low growl emanating from his throat was frightening enough without him being so damn huge. 
“Please, Max!” I begged. There was nothing left to do but beg. “Remember the cabin. Talking, we had popcorn and you told me you loved me. You hate being here almost as much as I do. You hate being controlled. Why aren’t you fighting this?” I said placing my hands on each cheek. His anger seemed to greatly intensify with my actions but he still couldn’t move. “Look at me, Max!” I said firmly moving his head to do as I said. “Remember! It’s the only way we could get out of here! It’s the only way your dad won’t kill us!” I said starting to freak a little more when his hand started to move and he pushed me back into the wall. 
His hands shot up to his head and he began screaming in agony. My arms quickly dropped away from him as he collapsed on to his knees; Still grasping his head in obvious pain.
“What did you do to him?” Donovan Harlow shouted into the microphone in the next room. I leaned over Max, the screaming was subsiding and I promptly ignored his father. I grabbed Max’s shoulders and began swiftly to shake him until he stopped screaming and opened his eyes. I had to see his eyes. It was the only way I would know if he was coming out of the push. 
“Max!” I shouted over his screams of agony. “Max!” I said one last time with a firm shake and the screaming halted. His hands let go of his head and his eyes flashed open for only a moment but I saw them. I saw them clearly. It was nearly impossible to miss the astonishing blue of Max’s eyes. I sighed in relief as he went limp in my arms. 
“Oh no Max, you have to wake up we need to get out of here.” I said resorting back to old tactics and shaking him again. He jumped this time and became fully alert. 
“What the hell?” he groaned as he sat up and looked at me. “Annie what’s going on?” I was about to open my mouth when I heard the door behind me open. A number of things happened in those few moments so bear with me.
 I opened my mouth to tell Max what happened and his eyes noticeably widened and he threw me to the ground beside him as he telekinetically threw someone across the room and kicked the other guy that was supposed to be coming at me, in the head. This all happened in a matter of seconds. Thank god one of us had quick reflexes.
Max pulled me to my feet as he started for the only exit in the warfare room. With the two guards out we thought we were free…but that only lasted about thirty seconds. When we made it to the door, there were now at least fifty men at the door waiting for us. 
“Annie,” Max started, his eyes firmly focused on the men in front of us. “I know where you dad is but we are going to have to fight our way there. Okay with that?” 
Of course I was okay with that, what other choice was there? I nodded in agreement. 
“Good. You take the left side, I take the right.” I looked at the burly men in black blocking our graceful exit. I nodded again and Max charged into the crowd. I wasn’t expecting him to physically fight them too, but when he started throwing punches and kicks they were definitely surprised. It didn’t take me very long to realize we might actually have a chance if we actually meet these guys with our fists.
 The thing with a facility like this is the soldiers they get happen to have kick ass abilities but seem to lack in the physical fighting department. Sure, these men are huge and burly but they lack the same fluidity as someone like Max possesses. So it wasn’t surprising when once I kicked the first guy in the chest and that seemed to not only surprise him but the other soldiers surrounding him as well. Their wide-eyed stares stopped at me and then leaving Max to fight several guards, they launched an attack at me. 
Now I’m not going to lie and say I’m an excellent fighter and I took down every man that came out to me. I am skilled but all my experience in fighting happens to come from FBI training. I threw some swift punches and they started to back up. I know it wasn’t fair but we weren’t there to play fair. I telekinetically threw one of the guys I had knocked onto the floor into four guys that were barreling towards me. Thankfully the guy I threw knocked the other men down like bowling pins. At least I had one thing going for me, I had decent aim.
 
Chapter 18: One More Stop
Max grabbed my arm before the guards could get back up from the floor he started dragging me along. “Where are we going? I asked when we headed towards the living quarters. 
“We need to make a stop before we get your father.” I stopped and looked at him confused but he didn’t let me pause for long before he started dragging me along. “We need to get moving.” He said pulling me again. We stopped in front of one of the dorm doors. 
“Why are we here? Who’s room is this?” I said confused but my question was soon answered when George came groggily to the door, Max had knocked on. 
“George? Max what is going on?” I asked again but Max was already pulling me into George’s room. 
“Yeah, Max?” George said sounding more alert. 
“George, I need you to do something for me? You can’t tell anyone.” He said firmly. George and my attention snapped instantly to Max’s face. What was he talking about? 
“Max?” I said shakily, “What are you doing?”
He looked at me stoically and said, “Tying up the loose ends.” He said and turned his attention towards George again. 
“I need a favor, George, I want you to push me--”
“Max! What are you doing?” I said firmly. “I just got you un-pushed.” 
“Annie, please.” Max said simply, facing me and then he turned quickly back to George. “George, can you push me?”
“Of course I can push you, Max, but what is going on?” He asked curiously.
“You can’t tell a soul we were here, George. I’m getting Annie out of here.” George nodded in understanding or confusion, but accepted it none the less.
“Okay, but how is pushing you going to help you?”
“That’s the other thing, George, can you do an encrypted push?”
George’s eyes widened in shock. “Max, I don’t … those are dangerous.”
“It’s the only way.” Max said in one of the saddest voices I’d ever heard. 
“I don’t understand,” I said confused by the interaction. “What is an encrypted push?”
They both turned to me but didn’t say anything for a long moment. “It’s a push that doesn’t happen until a sequence is initiated.” George said matter-of-factly. I looked at Max, as George spoke. 
“Why do you want to do it? What are you going to do?” I asked knowing I probably didn’t want to hear this. 
“Will you do it, George?” Max said ignoring my questions and my pleading eyes. I was so nervous and I obviously was going to be left in the dark despite my protests. Worry was gnawing at my consciousness. 
“Sure, man, but it’s dangerous.” George said not fully convinced this was a good idea.
“It’s the only option. I wouldn’t ask if it wasn’t important.” Max said minimally. 
“Do you have sequence in mind?” George asked next, suddenly shifting from tired teenager to professional. Max grabbed a pen and paper and wrote something down. 
“Make it so Annie is the only one that can activate it.” Max said sitting in the desk chair. I couldn’t control myself. 
“Max, please you don’t have to do this. When we escape--”
“Annie, I have to do this.” He said not meeting my gaze. He wasn’t going to change his mind but I wasn’t going to agree to this. I wouldn’t push him. It wasn’t happening.
“What are you doing?” I asked, still standing close to the door. 
“I’m getting rid of some memories, that I shouldn’t have.” 
“How far do you want me to go back?” George said pulling over a chair to sit across from Max. 
“I want you to go back and take any memory I have of the last four weeks.” I swallowed trying to get the lump in my throat to subside.  George nodded in understanding and he slid off his glasses. George and Max’s gazes locked on each other. George’s eyes stayed the same brown they were originally but Max’s instantly darkened. His pupils engulfed the startling blue of his eyes completely. 
“Max… you are going to forget everything that has happened in the last month, especially anything involving Annabel Lee. You have only been at camp for two weeks. Deena has been a pain in the butt since you arrived, but you are still trying to make it work because your dad wants you to. Your father hasn’t visited this summer because he is being the same jerk he always is, and despite your resentment of him, you still want to make sure he is proud of you and you live up to the great Harlow name.” George said this several times making sure it sunk in I turned around after his second rambling. “You aren’t going to be pushed until it is activated…” I didn’t hear him at the end and I quickly regretted not paying more attention. 
“All finished.” George said as he handed me a folded over piece of paper. “When Max tells you to he will ask you to activate the push. Annie, you are the only one that can activate and deactivate this push. He can’t go back when it’s done. Remember that.” I nodded solemnly. If you try to deactivate it there can be some dire consequences to Max’s memory. 
Max snapped out of it, he shook the disoriented expression off his face and stood up, walked over to me like nothing happened. “Are you’re ready?” he asked.
I scoffed in disbelief. “That’s it?” He shrugged casually. 
“Thanks, George. I really owe you.” Max said with a corresponding handshake. Max opened the door partially and looked out and pulled his head back in. 
“It’s clear let’s go.” I nodded and waved a goodbye to George as we retreated from his room. We stayed close to the wall and paused at corners to make sure no one was coming. It was eerily quiet. I knew something big was beginning and I didn’t even need a vision to tell me that. Max waved me out of my train of thought and we started forward again. “I think he’s locked in Collins’ classroom.” 
“Why would they put him in there?” I whispered. 
“Reinforced steel doors.” Max said as we slithered further down the hall. We paused at the next corner. Around it was the room we needed to get into. Once Max looked around, we knew it was the right room. There was a massive herd of soldiers blocking our subtle escape plan to rescue my father. 
“What are we going to do now?” I replied back. His attention was completely engrossed on the soldiers, so he didn’t answer me back.
No alarms had went off since we escaped and I figured that was for a number of reasons. One being that Donovan probably didn’t want anyone to know what he was doing, especially campers. Another being that we weren’t supposed to be here, in FBI headquarters, but out in the forest ‘escaping.’ Finally, I’m pretty sure what Harlow was doing wasn’t exactly legit and most FBI agents probably didn’t know what was going on.
I relaxed, leaning my weight on the corresponding wall waiting for Max to do something other than watch the guards littered around the hallway. After what seemed like an eternity, Max turned to me. 
“I’m going to float you over to the door and I will distract them while you get in.” I blinked in response. That did not sound like a good idea, it actually sounded like a horrible idea. Particularly the part about me floating in the air while he was going to be distracting guards. 
“Max, that does not sound like a good plan.” I replied back. 
“Well it’s about all we can do.” Max said simply as he started to mentally lift me off the ground. 
I looked around stunned, “I think we could come up with something better.” I said still rising higher into the air. Max shook his head in disagreement. His focus shifted and he began ignoring everything I said the higher he lifted me. I wanted to yell at him for not listening but it just isn’t something you do when there are an extreme amount of soldiers that want to find you just around the corner. I was just about to touch the ceiling when I fell abruptly back to the ground. 
“Max--” I started but quickly shut up when I saw the guards pulling Max down the hallway. I started to run after them but was quickly snatched up by two equally large and burly guards and pulled me along behind them kicking and screaming.  
I didn’t think this was going to end well. I mean we were caught but when they opened Agent Collin’s classroom and pushed us inside. I couldn’t believe our luck. They took us exactly where we wanted to be and there was no need for persuasion for once. The door slammed behind us and I looked over at Max, whose thoughts seemed to be along the same lines as mine because he actually smiled. 
“I guess we should take advantage and get your dad moving.” Max said as he started towards the dark corner we assumed my dad would be slumped in. 
“Dad?” I said when I actually saw something move in another corner. 
“Annie?” I heard the disbelief in his tone. 
“Dad?” I said running into his now familiar arms. “Oh God! Are you okay?” I said not even hiding my relief that he was moving about, seemingly unhurt. 
“I’m fine, what about you? How did they capture you?” I couldn’t believe he was fine as I led him to one of the nearby desks before I started telling him what happened.
“Dad, they caught us at the cabin. Max and I escaped again.” I started. 
“Why are you still here?” he asked incredulously. “Why would they put you two in the same room if you escaped together before?” 
I looked at Max and he nodded, “We came back for you, dad, and they didn’t put us in the same room at least not at first.” 
My dad’s blank stare was all I needed to continue my story.
“I’m not really sure what’s going on anymore, dad, I just know Donovan Harlow has lost it. I don’t know what he wants. I mean besides punishing Max and finding out what I can do. I do know that we have to figure out a way out of here before he finds us again.” 
“The windows?” Max suggested as he sat at a nearby desk. 
“Tried that I threw a couple desks at them, didn’t even dent them.” My dad countered. 
“The doors it is.” I said standing up. 
“That’s impossible.” Both of them said at once. Men. They just couldn’t accept my brilliant thinking.
“Do we have any other options? Frankly, it’s the easiest and it doesn’t involve me floating off like super girl.” I said giving Max a snide look.  
“What do you have in mind?” Max said a bit huffily. 
“Simple, we knock.” I said with a casual shrug. 
“And what if they ignore us?” Max said starting to return to his condescending tendencies. 
“They won’t.” I said firmly.
“And why is that?” he said not too nicely. 
“Because I’m going to make them an offer they can’t refuse.” Max’s eyes narrowed in suspicion. 
“And what is it exactly that you would be offering them?” he said still sounding a bit pompous for my liking. 
“I want to meet with Agent Whitman. She won’t refuse.” My father and Max’s eyes noticeably widened with the unveiling of my plan.
“No!” They practically shrieked at me. 
“It’s all we have.” I said firmly. This one thing they weren’t getting me to back down on. My plan was practically fool proof we would get out. I knew it but it got better and that’s when I knew we were getting out of here.

Chapter 19: Me and You
“Did you see that?” I said as we moved the lead guard’s limp body away from the shelf that moved.
“Is that a door?” Max asked stunned as he further pushed the shelf back. 
“Oh my god!” I said looking at the small screen on the door. 
“Finger prints, FBI specialty.” Max said as he touched the screen and it lit up. 
“Try his hand.” My dad said lifting up the unconscious lackey.

“Guys,” I started, the smile on my face I couldn’t hide. “It will work.”
Max looked at me disapprovingly, “You are going to get yourself killed.”
“No, Max, it’s going to work. Look.” I said walking towards the shelf and starting to push it aside. 
“It’s a door?” my dad asked startled. “But how did you….vision?” He said actually smiling at the end of his sentence. I nodded in agreement and before Max could protest further I banged loudly on the front door. 
The guards glared firmly trying to frighten me from further noise, but it didn’t work. After a few minutes of my constant banging, the guard who looked like he was in charge told them to open the door. Yes! Dummies actually did what I wanted. They really needed some better training for their lackeys. 
“Shut up!” he hissed as he stepped into the room with two other guards. The door slamming abruptly behind them and the latch clicked into place behind them. They walked towards me, I guess they were going to teach me a lesson about disobeying orders. That is until Max went and sent the first guy down with a kick and shoving off the second guy hitting the leader in the back, leading all three to be sprawled out on the ground, personally, that’s where I like guards who just happen to be after me. The one who was shoved was out from the slam into the leader and force of Max’s attack. 
Two down one to go at least I thought until Max slammed him into a window. “Damn these windows are really strong.” He said hitting the guys head on the glass a few more times but to no avail. He dropped him and shrugged. My dad had finished pushing the shelf away from the door. I mentally lifted the first guy who was down knowing he would probably wake first. Max positioned his hand but nothing happened. 
“Access denied.” I whispered as I dropped the first guy and my dad and Max went to get the other two guards that were thankfully still unconscious. The next guard’s hand thankfully granted us access. The door slid open much to my pleasure it opened to dark, dimly lit tunnel that did not look like it was ready for human occupancy. The dripping sound wasn’t exactly helping the case either. What was this place? Did the FBI have their own sewer system?
“I’ve heard of this place.” Max said as he threw the guard that opened the door over his shoulder and headed into the darkness and fantastic odor. If you didn’t guess that was a lie, it smelled like a port-a- potty. 
 I quickly followed. “Why are we bringing him?” I asked as I caught up to Max. 
“In case we need to open another door. He’s our only key.” Max said not slowing down. I heard a loud slam and then my father came running up to us. 
He was panting and I stopped to check on him. “The door didn’t want to close.” He said breathlessly. I nodded and grabbed his arm to steady him. He wasn’t doing as well as I had originally assumed. I get that he was older but he had probably been through more than I wanted to think about. I swear Donovan Harlow really was starting to try my patience. This guy was moving swiftly up my most hated list and that only meant this was war. 
We walked through the dark for at least a half hour before we came up to a door.
“What does this lead to?” I asked as Max stopped at the door.
“The outside.” He said matter-of-factly. 
“But…how do you know that?” I asked.
“I thought it was a rumor but it’s true there are tunnels throughout the compound. This has to be an exit to the outside or at least lead to another part of the compound, hopefully a part where they aren’t looking for us.” I nodded as Max started shifting the still unconscious man and grabbed hold of his hand. The door slid open quietly. It opened to the front lobby of FBI headquarters. A lobby I hadn’t seen since I first arrived here almost two months ago.
Surprisingly it was deserted; the lights were off except for some light coming in from the windows thanks to some outdoor spotlights. It was relatively easy to see. We walked out the door, surprisingly nothing went off. I looked at Max to see if he had done anything but he shook his head as if he already knew what I was thinking. 
We left the guard in the lobby we didn’t need him anymore. Just to be cautious Max dropped him making sure he’d be knocked out for a little longer.  
“The garage is a little further down this road. Can anyone hotwire a car?” Max said directing his question mostly towards my father. 
His breathing was harsh which was worrying me, but we had been moving at a steady and fast pace since the tunnels, maybe he just didn’t have the stamina for cardio anymore. “I can do it.” He said and still clung to me as we trudged forward. 
It was eerie as we kept walking. I felt it was too quiet. We were walking along in the dead of night. No alarms were going off and no one was chasing after us. They had to know we were gone by now. I had the unsettling feeling that we were walking into a trap. I caught sight of the parking garage and I couldn’t help but exhale in relief. For once it looked like we were going to make it. 
Then we got to the gates. I saw four shadows and I didn’t even have to see their faces to know who they were. All hope gone. They were waiting for us like I’d feared all along. 
“I don’t know why you insist on running. We catch you every time.” Donovan Harlow bellowed cockily. It was dark and his face was masked in shadow but I sensed the confident smile he wore on his face. It took all my strength to not run up to him and knock the smugness off his face. I really despised that man more by the second.
“Dad, I think this game has gone on long enough.” Max said holding me back from moving forward with an outstretched arm.
“Maxwell, I expected so much more from you.” Donovan admonished moving out of the shadows with the rest of his group, which consisted of Agent Whitman, and two extraordinarily large soldiers. I’m glad I hadn’t come into contact with those two before or I would have been suffering with some broken bones right now. “You have been a bigger disappointment than I anticipated.” Did he really just say that to his own son?
“He’s your son, you bastard!” I shouted.  How could Max and him possibly be related they were so different.
“Not anymore.” Donovan said without a drop of remorse. Despise wasn’t strong enough to describe the hatred this man was enkindling in me. I really was ready to physically rip his head off. 
“Annie, don’t,” Max said pushing me back behind him. “Dad, please just let them go and you can do whatever you want to me.” Max said moving forward. Donovan moved closer to Max, he stopped a few inches away from him and slapped him. Just like that an open handed slap right across Max’s cheek. I wanted to slap him but stayed back like Max had instructed. Max looked down not meeting his father’s gaze. After that I couldn’t listen to him anymore.
I started to run forward but was grabbed by Agent Whitman and her, thankfully still gloved hands. 
“You are even more pathetic than I thought.” Harlow said to Max, vehemence was in every syllable he spoke. Then he slapped him again and it was harder, louder. 
“Max” I shouted trying to shake off Whitman’s grasp but was unsuccessful. I looked around for my father to see one of the burly guards holding him back too. 
Max didn’t even look up as his father said such hateful things to him. I felt the tears prick at my eyes. No one deserved to be treated like this, especially someone who was so inherently good. 
“Take them back to the compound, separate rooms. I won’t be making that mistake again.” Donovan said and the last guard came out of the darkness and grabbed Max’s arms. 
“Dad!” Max shouted and Donovan turned around. “I just have one thing to say to you.” 
“Yes?” He asked curiously leaning closer towards Max now that he was completely restrained. 
Max looked up and I felt the shift it was like ice water running down my back, “You are going to let Annie and Steven go. You are going to stop chasing them and you are going to fall asleep the moment I say Sleep. Sleep.” 
Donovan dropped to the ground without even a protest. Whitman’s grip loosened when she saw Harlow drop. That was all I needed I shoved and elbowed her in the stomach and she doubled over. Max threw the massive guard holding him off into the distance of the compound. The rage was rolling off him in waves. I don’t think I saw so much power coming off of one person at one point in time. It was frightening. He was radiating power and he almost glowed with the surge of energy that was running through his veins. I don’t know if Max had enough of his father or he had a moment of unadulterated power from something else but he was definitely a force not to be messed with at the moment.
With no more than a glance the guard my father was struggling with flew off towards the other guard. I had managed to get a few punches on Whitman where she was slowly trying to make her way off the ground. Max stalked over and I could see the fear in her eyes. Hell, I was afraid of Max right now. She should be in a state of utter terror.
Max lifted her up by her shirt, “Stop fighting, Valerie. You are done with this crusade. You don’t want to work for the FBI anymore. For that matter you don’t ever want to use your gift again. Also, you have never met or heard of Annabel Lee.” Max dropped her to the ground again and she cowered in a ball, afraid to move. 
“Max.” I whispered afraid to go near him, in his present state. He turned around and he seemed to visibly relax. The glow that he was giving off was fading his skin seemed to be returning to normal. The anger was subsiding as well. 
“I told you I would protect you.” He said walking towards me, a look of embarrassment on his face. 
“I’m going to find a car for us.” My father said starting towards the garage.
“I’m not going.” Max said but didn’t take his gaze off me. “I have to stay for damage control.” 
My father stopped, “But Max, it’s not safe for you here.” 
“It will be okay as long as I don’t remember a thing.” This time my father turned around. 
“How?” he asked disbelievingly.
“Annie.” Max whispered as he touched my cheek. Tears came to my eyes, he couldn’t ask me to do this after all of this he still wanted to forget.
“I can’t do this, Max, just come with us.” I said grabbing the hand that was touching my cheek. I didn’t want to leave him in this horrible place with that horrible man. He deserved normal as much as I did.
“You know I can’t do that.” He said sadly, his blue eyes looking darker than normal showing his hurt.
“Yes, you can, we can figure it out.” I said through choked sobs. 
“My dad will know I’m missing. They will look for me and find you. There’s only so much a push can do.” He said a depressing smile lightened his darkened mood. “Just do what the paper says.” Max coaxed as he wiped tears away from my cheeks.
I slid my hand into my jean pockets and pulled out the slip of paper George had handed me. I wiped at the tears running down my face hoping to clear my vision. “Max, don’t make me do this.” I pleaded one last time.  “Come with us. We will make it work.”
“It’s the only way.” He said actually smiling. “I never thought I’d see the day where you weren’t trying to get me away from you.” I couldn’t help but hug him. “Just get it over with you need to leave.” I nodded and opened the folded piece of paper. 
Say goodbye and kiss my cheek
I couldn’t help but laugh it was such an old Max request. I shoved the paper back into my pocket. “Goodbye, Max.” I said and leaned forward and kissed his cheek. I moved back to see if it was working. 
He stood there stiff, his pupils again engulfing the blue rims of his eyes. George’s push had worked. I ran away from him and found my father standing in shock. 
“What did you do?” He asked as we started to run to the biggest car we saw. 
“I pushed him.” I choked out, trying not to cry again.
Chapter 20: Success
My dad didn’t question me further until he got the Hummer started. I slid into the passenger side as my dad drove through the entrance of the garage and then through one of the gates of the compound. That actually caused the alarms to go off. 
“So you can push too?” my dad asked after he drove through the gate and found his way onto the highway. 
“No, George did it. It was encrypted. So I was the only one that could activate it.” 
“I’ve never heard of that.” My dad replied mostly to himself.
“Neither have I. It was Max’s idea.” I said new tears welling when I thought of leaving Max behind. My father didn’t say anything about my silent crying but I knew he knew. He kept sending quick glances my way but didn’t speak about it.
“What did he erase?” 
“Practically every memory of this summer.” I said trying to sound better than I really was. I felt guilty leaving Max there. Leaving him to answer questions, he wouldn’t have answers for. Leaving him to deal with that awful man he considered to be his father. Leaving him to stay firmly in the FBI’s grasp for the rest of his life. I tried not to dwell on it so I could stop crying but it was a fruitless effort. The guilt was overwhelming me.
My father sent a few worried glances towards me but continued to remain silent. “We have to ditch the car in a few miles and walk to the train station.” I nodded knowing I had no other choice. 
“Look to see if this car has one of those car phones.” I started shuffling through the glove compartment and the center console when I found a cell phone. Convenient. I dialed my mother’s number. She answered after one ring, which is surprising considering it was four in the morning. 
“Annie?” she said worriedly into the phone.
“Yeah, mom. Dad and I are planning on taking the train to Philly can you pick us up?” 
“Of course. When?” 
“The first one we can get.” I said simply. 
“Are… are you okay, Annabel?” she said, her voice was shaky and I instantly felt guilty again for making my mother worried to death about us. 
“We’re okay.” I said hoping to sound stronger than I was showing my father. 
“Good, get home soon.” She added weakly.
“We will, I love you, mom.” I said wiping at the fresh tears springing to life. 
“I love you too.” She said and I hung up before she heard my sobs.
I felt my dad’s hand on my shoulder. “It’s over. We are going to be home soon.” He said soothingly and it actually made me hopeful for a moment during this bleak day. He had called Philly home. I knew he wasn’t going anywhere anytime soon and that had been the most reassured I’d felt all day. He pulled over pretty deep in the woods. 
We climbed out of the massive SUV and started heading towards the train station. It was about three more miles to the Pittsburg station but if I wanted to go home I had to get through three miles despite my burning limbs.

“Ann, I know you’ve been through a lot especially today, but don’t take it personal.” All I did was blink in response. “None of this is your fault.” I couldn’t help but laugh.
“You know I said the same exact thing to Max yesterday. You know what he said. It’s all personal they are doing everything because of me, I can’t help but take it personal, dad.” I said into the stillness of the night. He threw an arm over my shoulders and pulled me towards him. 
He kissed the top of my head, “I have no doubts you will get through this, Annabel.” He said as he guided me into the train station’s front doors.  
 I sat in one of the empty chairs. The station was deserted after all it was early in the morning. I was desperate for some sleep but I didn’t think I was getting any until I was in my bed or the train ride went really smoothly on the way home. 
My dad sat beside me a few moments later with two cans of iced tea, and an armful of snacks from the vending machine. He was munching on some skittles. “Train should be here any minute.” My dad said. I nodded and opened a bag of chips. I hadn’t eaten since the cabin and that seemed like ages ago already. We sat and looked out the huge windows waiting for the train to come.  It was still completely dark outside reminding me of my bleak mood. It didn’t feel like one night but more like an eternity had occurred. I felt much older than my sixteen years.

“So are you starting to feel better?” he asked as we settled into our train seats. My dad took a quick survey of the people around us, which weren’t many. He seemed to be satisfied that there wasn’t a threat and sat back down across from me.
“I don’t know I just feel so… so guilty.” 
“Max was right we had to leave him.” My dad said eying my reaction. 
“I know he’s right but it feels wrong. He shouldn’t be there. His father is...is horrible! He doesn’t even have any memories of his summer.”
“He cared a lot more about you than I thought.” My dad said as he grabbed one of the bags of cookies he had bought earlier and started eating. 
I looked at him. “What did you think?” I asked suspiciously. 
My father smiled, “He had an ulterior motive when Ian and I left. I confronted him about it.”
“You didn’t!” I said mortified not only had my dad threatened him but Ian had as well. Why the hell did he stay around me?
“I did.” He said with one of those fatherly looks. “He said he would lay off the flirting and take his duties seriously and I told him as long as he follows that I wouldn’t have to come back to Pittsburg to hurt him.” I couldn’t help but laugh, despite not knowing him my whole life; he was making up for it in so many ways. He filled the father role perfectly. “Annie, I know you’re sad now.”
“I’m just feeling guilty” I said quickly. 
“It’s okay to admit you cared about him.” My dad coaxed.
“I cared, but it’s mostly guilt.” I said again but he gave me another one of those looks that said he wasn’t buying what I was saying. “Why are you pushing this?” I asked annoyed.
“Because I think it’s time you’re honest with what you are feeling.” He said. 
“Since when did you become a psychiatrist, Dad?” I responded snidely. 
“Annie.”
“I’m sorry. You’re right. He was my only friend there. He was the only person that knew what I was going through. He was the only one that stood up and protected me and I don’t know if it was because of his promise to you or his crush on me but he was a different person when I got to know him. I don’t know if that was the real Max or not but he was great and now he’s gone.” I said feeling the tears blurring my vision again.
“That’s not necessarily true. He could still be changed but not remember why.” My dad interjected. 
I scoffed, “Yeah, Dad. He forgot everything that could have possibly resulted in an altered Max.”
“You never know.” He said while still eating mini chocolate chip cookies.
“Did you get through to mom on the pay phone?” I asked hoping to change the topic.
“Yup, she’ll be there no problem.” My dad said as the train stopped at one the intermittent stops before Philadelphia. He stood up and looked around and sat back down when he deemed there was no one suspicious around.
He sat back down and I just opened my blinds and looked at the sky. The sun was starting to rise. The mix of pinks, purples, and golds in the sky was one of the prettiest sights I’d seen all summer. It wiped away all the ugly that came with last night and represented a fresh start, a new beginning. That’s what I needed, desperately. I know it was wishful thinking to think all my problems could be wiped away like a sunrise but a girl could hope. 
I continued watching the changing colors of the sky still thinking about all the unanswered questions I still had. What happened now? Would I ever see Max again? Would he remember me? Did the FBI still want me even though I was a useless headache? Did Donovan and Valerie’s pushes stick? Would Max’s push stay forever or at least long enough for the FBI to stop asking questions? I eventually fell asleep despite the mental turmoil I was in. I was startled awake when my dad stood up to check the other passengers again.
“Relax kiddo,” He said reassuringly as he sat back down. “Want a snack?” he said gesturing to the small pile of snacks he still had. I laughed and grabbed a bag of pretzels. 
“I’m surprised you didn’t finish them off when I was asleep.” 
“What kind of father would I be if I let you starve?” he said mockingly. 
“Thanks dad.” I said between a mouthful of chocolate covered pretzels.
“For what?”
“For feeding me. For coming out last night--”
“About that I want the whole story.” He interrupted.
I nodded, “How about when we are with mom, so I don’t have to tell it twice.” He nodded. 
“Oh our stop is the next stop by the way.” My dad interjected as he went back to his little pile of goodies. He must have bought out the vending machine to still have several bags still unopened.

“Pulling into 30th Street Station.” A female voice said loudly through the speakers located all around the train. Dad started to clean up his mess of wrappers. Under all the wrappers there were actually only a few things left. 
The train started to pull into the station and stopped abruptly. My dad caught me before I fell over. “Your mother said she’d be waiting outside for us.” my dad said as he expertly began maneuvering around people to the nearest escalator. “Feels good to be back?”
“Will feel even better once I’ve had a shower.” I said as we made it to the front doors. He ruffled my hair and we pushed the heavy doors open. I looked around and saw mom waving frantically with, another one of the best sights I had ever seen, Ian. I ran forward leaving dad in my dust and ran into my mother’s arms. 
“Oh God, Mom, I missed you.” I said as she hugged me and kissed the top of my head and forehead. 
“I’m so happy you are okay, Annie.” She said still holding me firmly but her arms dropped when my father caught up to me. She ran into his arms and kissed him right on the mouth. I seriously missed something very important this summer.
Ian walked forward and embraced me, the shock between us warming me to my very soul. “God, I’m never letting you go anywhere again.” He said into my hair as he still held firmly onto me. 
“I don’t ever want to go anywhere again.” I said feeling the start of new tears after a few moments, Ian’s grasp loosened. “So how long have my parents been?” I said quietly as they were still embracing but talking now. 
“I had a feeling they would but they’ve never kissed or anything.” Ian said with a smile on his handsome features. I never realized how much being away from him really would hurt until I was with him now. Although I was unsure how long this togetherness would last I would enjoy every second I had with Ian before the FBI came banging on my door again, dragging me off to Sacramento, a.k.a the breeding ground of lost dreams and archaic torture for psychics.
I looked up at Ian and none of those scary thoughts lasted more than a second because he loved me. So perfectly I felt his love and never wanted to be away from it again. That was a promise I was going to keep no matter what happened next.
“I guess we should be going.” My mom said finally letting go of my father. I couldn’t help but smile. Family made everything right even through the darkness there was a ray of sunshine and this was it for me. These people were my rays of sunshine. No matter how dark it would get I’d still have my sunshine through them. It made me love them that much more.  
I nodded and Ian opened the back door of the Murano for me. 
“Oh Ian I almost forgot,” I said when I felt his relief burst into my mind’s eye. 
Chapter 21: Discoveries
“What?” He asked unsure of where I was going with this topic change. 
“I know why you can see my visions. I know why we share our emotions. I know!” I said enthusiastically.
“Now this I have to hear.” My father said turning around in the passenger seat. 
“When I was at the cabin, Max and I figured it out. If he didn’t see my vision I don’t think I would ever have figured it out-”
“Wait, Max saw one of your visions?” My dad interrupted. 
“Yeah, yesterday before we left. The pushing visions is definitely me but the other stuff. Ian… you’re an empath.” I said with a smile I couldn’t help.
“A what?” He asked his expression not as thrilled as I had liked him to be.
“Well an empath in your case is someone that can draw on the emotions of people around them. Since we are so close it kind of works both ways but you can stop that if you want. Also, the shock between us when we touch that is all you. You were drawn to me.” I said still waiting for some kind of happiness or relief to cross his face. I searched for what he was feeling but it didn’t seem right. Confusion. Shock. Disbelief. “It’s all true, Ian.” I said deflating a bit. 
“I believe you…me…psychic?” He said still at odds with what I had said. “I just never thought that would be it.” He said still sounding unsure. I put a reassuring hand on his and kissed his cheek. 
“You have all the time in the world to absorb this.” I said forcing my good emotions on him more than I should have. He smiled. 
“This could be cool.” He said still smiling, that dreamy smile of his. 
“So let me get this straight,” my father said cutting into our moment. “You can only project visions onto psychics?” My dad repeated, his mind was obviously processing this information as only he could. “That’s really interesting.” He said sitting back in his seat. 
“So do you want to hear the rest of what happened?” I teased knowing they would agree. 
“What happened? I want you to start from your first phone call to me.” My dad said.
“Well I had just talked to Bolis and Whitman when I called you and they told me everything about the surgery and everything happening today. I freaked, I ran to Max and he told me to call you I did and we told you everything. I did the math after you called and I knew you weren’t going to be there soon enough I needed to be gone before midnight. I didn’t know when they planned to take me and I wasn’t taking any chances. So Max told me he had an idea and there was a place we could hide out. He wouldn’t tell me where but I had a vision of it and that was the vision Max saw.” I said sending a quick glance to Ian. 
“Max said he had gotten out before and he knew how so I packed some things and changed and we left. It was the most ridiculous escape ever, I don’t know how Max even thought it up. We walked out to the garden and he picked the gate lock and turned all the cameras away from us. We walked in the shadows mostly until we got to that foresty part of the compound and we climbed up into the trees and crossed trees until we got to the gate.” I couldn’t help but laugh even saying it after I had actually gone through the plan it sounds absurd. “When we got to the gate Max and I had to levitate over because barbed wire was still a good six feet up even in the trees, we crossed the gate and started running through the woods. After a couple of hours we found a wooden cabin the one from my vision and we hid out there. That’s where I called Ian and you, dad.” I said giving him a quick glance. 
“We ate and took a nap but Max woke up when he heard something outside. When he checked the cabin was surrounded by Donovan’s men. We snuck into the cellar and left through the back door, kicked the few soldiers’ butts back there and before we could run Donovan Harlow came out holding you, dad. We couldn’t run when he had you.” I said looking at my dad who obviously didn’t like the fact I didn’t try to escape because of him. 
“Max and I attempted to fight our way out and get you but we ended up pushed and back at the compound. I woke up in the warfare room with Harlow pestering me about making a deal. I refused and he sent in Max, but he was pushed. He attacked but I fought him off as best as I could while trying to tell him things only we would know.” I said sending a nervous glance to Ian. “I finally got him to break out the push and we ran to George’s room where Max set up that Encrypted Push. We left and went to find dad but got caught again. This time, luckily they didn’t wait for orders and threw us into the same room as dad.”
“We tried breaking windows and everything but there was no escaping until I had a vision about a hidden passage way we moved a shelf and there it was once we knocked out some guards we got through the door and it led to a tunnel that led to the lobby of the compound. Once we got to the lobby we bolted outside to the parking garage. We were going to hotwire a car and finally escape. However, Harlow, Whitman and two of their biggest henchmen were waiting for us. Harlow…” I said through clenched teeth. “I really hate that man.”
“Honey.” My mom said as a warning.
“Mom, you weren’t there you didn’t hear the horrible things he said to his own son. Well he eventually pissed Max off so bad, Max pushed him to forget me and to go to sleep. He threw the giant guards away from us and pushed Whitman to forget as well.” I tried not to cry again but I couldn’t help it. Ian pulled me into his arms for a hug. “We were ready to go but Max wanted to stay. So I had to activate the push George did on him earlier and he forgot…” I stopped and took a deep breath. “He forgot the summer.” I said as evenly as I could. “Dad and I stole a car and got on the first train to Philly.” 
“Annie” Ian whispered as he pulled me still closer to him. “I’m so happy you are okay.” 
I nodded and snuggled closer to him and shut my eyes finding the most restful sleep I’ve had all summer.
~~~
“Good morning, Beautiful.” Ian said as I opened my eyes. 
“Did you bring me in here?” I asked groggily as I sat up in my own bed for what seemed like ages. Ian sat up beside me and pushed the wild strands of hair out of my face. A sleepy smile brightened his dark features. 
“Yup, you were sound asleep so I just brought you in. Your dad was asleep on the couch and your mom went back to bed too.”
“And they just let you?” he shrugged.
“I think they were too tired to care.” Ian said throwing an arm around me and pulling me back to his chest. “I don’t know about you but I had about three hours of sleep last night.” He added with a yawn. I nodded, knowing I hadn’t gotten much sleep either. I could get used to falling asleep while cuddling with Ian for a bit. It definitely made the summer seem not as horrible.

Time seemed to be something that I had a lot of when I got back. There was three weeks of summer before school started and for the first week I wasn’t even allowed out of the apartment. My parents were worried sick that someone was coming for me and were rapidly looking at, get this, houses so we could move. I was actually getting the semi-normal family I wanted for so long. My parents had started to reconnect this summer and after my return from camp it seemed that they may actually be considering the whole relationship thing again. Life seemed good, almost perfect. 
I spent a lot of time with Ian and Jamie watching movies inside that first week. It was nice seeing Jamie. I don’t know how I had compared her to Lindsey. Jamie was a unique species all on her own and I loved that about her. 
On one of my first excursions out on my own it was to Starbucks. I noticed something I had oddly grown accustomed to seeing. A black car parked when I got out of the car. 
“Make that two frapps and 2 black coffees.” I said to the barista. I walked out holding the four drinks and headed for the black unmarked FBI vehicle. I thought I was rid of them it had been two weeks since I left. As I walked closer I saw who was driving and couldn’t help but smile. Mike Bolis was wearing his signature scowl as he watched me approach. He started rolling down the window before I even reached the car. 
“Hi.” I said merrily as I handed him and his new- actually pretty- partner coffee. 
“Annie, you know you are not supposed to be here.” Bolis started on his usual speech while simultaneously pouring a few packets of sugar into his coffee. 
“Aren’t you afraid I’m going to poison you?” I asked blatantly ignoring his comment. His partner paused from taking her first sip.
“Did you?” he asked, his expression not even flinching. 
“No, but its better to be sure. I’m supposed to hate the FBI, remember?” I said jokingly.
Bolis actually laughed at that. “Annie, don’t kid yourself I know why you left.”
“Really?” I asked unconvinced. 
“Yes…” he said sending a cautious look towards his new partner. 
The girl had to be fresh to the FBI because she still hadn’t got the memo about the drab attire that was required. She had a purple blouse on and some sleek pinstriped pants that seemed perfect for her athletic figure. Someone with fashion sense seemed like a miracle in the FBI world but my eyes couldn’t draw away from the black gloves on her hand. Let’s hope she didn’t have anything similar to Whitman. 
“Why are you here?” I said already getting frustrated with this conversation. 
“Because after a lot of meetings, arguments, and department changes. They feel it is beneficial to keep an eye on you, Annabel.” 
“What happened after I left?” I said.
“You left a hell of a mess in your wake.” Bolis said, the strain from what must have been happening in Pittsburg making him seem older than his forty years. 
“Like what?”
“No one really knows what happened that night.” He started giving me a curious look. “Whitman quit. Harlow is on a leave of absence. New management.” He finished tersely. 
“That seems all fine and dandy but why are you here?” I asked.
“Tell us what happened that night.” 
“Sorry can’t do that.” I said simply. 
“Annie, frankly you have been nothing but a pain in the ass. If this were anyone else the FBI would have given up but for some reason that I’m not aware of they still want you.” Mike said eyeing my reaction closely. 
“I wish they would just give up.” I groaned tiredly. The new agent eyed me pointedly for a moment but quickly dropped her gaze.
“Watch your back, Lee. I’m not the only one they sent to watch you.” Bolis said before he thrust on his sunglasses and attempted to end our conversation by rolling the window back up.
“Wait.” I said putting my hand on the window. He looked at me and exhaled sharply. “What does that even mean?” I started.
“It means that you need to watch your back and everyone else should too.”
“My parents? Ian?” I said stunned. 
“Yeah, tell them all to expect to be followed.” He said with that irritatingly familiar expressionless face.
“Why? This isn’t about them.” I retorted.
“They are trying to get to you.” The new agent spoke for the first time. “You should watch your back. They are going to plant someone a lot closer than we are.”
“Why are you telling me this?” I said trying to sort through the myriad of emotions racing through my mind. Anger? Sadness? Hurt? I had lost because here they were still trying to get to me and the people I loved. 
“Annie, I like you and I owed your father. Tell him I don’t owe him anymore.” Mike said trying to lighten the tension.
“Thank you.” I choked out before the urge to run overcame me and I ran back to my car without another word to either agent.
I opened my car door and sat there processing. They were still after me after all I had done to escape. How was I ever going to explain this to my family? The tears started rolling down my face. I choked back sobs and after several moments I composed myself enough to drive home. The only thing left playing in my mind was why. Why me?
 
“Dad?” I said walking in with my and Ian’s frapps that were starting to melt. 
He walked out of my mother’s room and his expression instantly hardened when he saw my face. “What happened?” 
“They’re following me again.” 
“Who is?” he said walking towards me.
“Bolis and his new partner.” I said putting on a braver face than I was feeling.
He visibly relaxed when I had said Bolis was following me but not enough to stop my worry.
“I’ll find out what is going on don’t worry about it, Annie.” He said walking towards the door.
“Don’t bother. I already talked to Bolis. They are following me until otherwise instructed. They will also be sending agents to follow you and mom and Ian.” 
He quickly stopped in his tracks and turned towards me. 
“I asked why but he didn’t know himself. He said he doesn’t owe you anymore too.” 
He snorted at the comment and still scowled in thought. 
“What is all the commotion out here?” my mom said jokingly coming out of her room while attaching a silver necklace that appeared to be new. Her smile disappeared as soon as she took in our sobering expressions. 
“Mom.” I started but was interrupted when Ian walked into the room disrupting me.
“Geez I thought you were never coming back with those frapps.” Ian said lazily. The yawn that came after his words said he had fallen asleep while he was waiting for me. 
“So Bolis doesn’t know why he has orders to follow me but those are his orders and Max’s pushes worked his dad and Whitman are gone and there is new leadership. Bolis didn’t really elaborate.” I said focusing mostly on my dad, even though I felt Ian’s gaze bear into my back. 
“I’ll take care of this,” my dad said and walked out the front door. My mom blinked her eyes wide in shock or disbelief. 
“Wha…what is going on?” she asked. 
“Mom, I think you’d better let dad tell you. Ian, here’s your frap.” 
“Annie.” Ian said simply. 
“What?” I turned angrily. Why did I have to keep repeating the same things? They were back and they weren’t letting up, didn’t I get a right to mentally freak out?
“They’re back.” I said not really controlling the unmistakable shake in my voice. Ian was wrapping his arms around me before I even finished my sentence. 
“We will take care of this.” He said mumbling into the crown of my head. My mom didn’t say a word her face hardened with what I had said and what she had picked up before dad had left. Ian ran a soothing hand down my back before he settled me onto the sofa and we patiently waited for my dad to return. “We’ll find a way to stop this mess. You won’t go back.” I know he was just trying to soothe but I really wanted him to be right. For once I think I needed him to be right. I didn’t want to go back to them. I wasn’t going back.

Epilogue: Memories
“I can’t believe the summer is over!” Jamie said excitedly as she caught up with me in the parking lot. “I saw you exactly two times and you were gone for two months…not cool.” She continued. 
“I missed you too.” I said with a chuckle. 
“So tell me what it was like?” she continued rambling on. Honestly it just made me realize how much I had missed Jamie. I mean I usually missed my friends when I left but I really missed Jamie.  Her enthusiasm for a conversation was almost infectious sometimes and we just seemed to fall into place like I hadn’t been gone for two months. I was so glad to have settled down here with Jamie and Ian. They were the best friends a girl could have and I was going to have to show them I appreciated them more.
“What was what like?” I asked not really catching Jamie’s drift.
“What photography camp was like?” 
“Oh it was okay. I don’t think I’m ever going back though.” I said unenthusiastically hoping she’d get the hint and change the subject to something happier.
“Why not? Lost the passion?” I laughed, I wished that was the truth.
“No…I just missed everyone too much.” 
“Good, because next summer should be epic.” She said waving her hands around in emphasis. “I mean how many times are you a senior, at the top of the school?” 
“Twice?” I said as we walked through the front doors of our high school’s hallway. I pulled open my backpack as we walked through the hall trying to find that sliver of paper with my class schedule and my locker number.
“Annie!” she said frustrated. I guess that wasn’t the answer she wanted. 
“Relax, Jamie, I’ll be here.”  I said not looking up as I finally found my schedule and looked for my new locker. 
“Oh my God.” Jamie said and stopped abruptly. “Look at the back on that guy….he’s sexy.” 
“Jamie, you haven’t even seen his face.” 
“So that’s all I need to see, his face is probably just as sexy as his back come on, look at that.” 
I looked up at the supposedly sexy beast she was salivating over. “Wow, you just might be right.” I said looking at the muscular back that was facing us, his dark hair was cut short and he seemed way bigger than any other guy I’d seen in this school. 
“Well this is my locker. Go find yours and we can meet back up once I decorate.” She chirped happily.  
“Whatever.” I replied with a smile. Jamie was a piece of work sometimes but I loved her for it.  No one could brighten my mood better than she could by just rambling about her new crush, something funny she saw on TV, or just planning something we should do.
After I left her at her locker with mirrors and pencil cases, I started counting down towards my own locker. Occasionally looking down at my roster to make sure it was the right number. 
“Great, I’m all the way at the other end of the hall.” I groaned as I started putting in the combination. 
“Aren’t you a sight for sore eyes?” I heard from behind me. I knew who it was before I turned around and inwardly groaned. I was not ready for this development in the story. 
“What are you doing here?” I said harshly. 
“What’s your problem?  I thought you would be happy to see me, Annabel.” 
“I told you not to call me that.” I shot back.
“Well you see the thing is I don’t remember that. I don’t remember much of anything.” Max said his deep blue eyes locking with mine. I was feeling the harsh intensity of his gaze and felt like cowering in a corner far away from Maxwell Harlow. “Why is that?” he said as he crossed his arms over his chest. 
“I don’t know I wasn’t there very long--” I started with my rehearsed line but was quickly cut off.
“You were there long enough for us to share a secret or two at least that is what they are telling me.”
“They are lying. Why are you even here?” I retorted quickly. 
“You know why.” He said still not easing out of his defensive pose. 
“You are who they sent to follow me?” I scoffed. “Wow.”
“Annie, who is your friend?” Jamie said with a flirtatious hair toss. 
“Um Jamie, this is … Max… we went to photography camp together.” I said easing the aggression off my face and trying to be friendly. 
“Jamie this is Max… Max this is Jamie.” I said making the introductions. 
“So nice to meet you, Max.” Jamie started, “So you transferred here?” She continued giving him this attempted flirty look but Max wasn’t paying attention he was glaring at me. 
“Yeah, my dad transferred here from New York.” 
“New York? Like New York City?” Jamie chirped excitedly. 
“Actually Albany” Max said still not paying any attention to Jamie and even she was starting to notice. 
“So does Ian go here too?” Max said his question blatantly directed towards me. 
“Actually yes and if I were you I’d scurry along before he gets here.” Max just laughed while Jamie sent me a pointed look and I knew I would be explaining all of this to her later. 
“Well he’s going to have a problem then.” 
“And why is that?” I said giving up on hiding my feelings and showing my contempt for Max. 
“Because this is my locker.” He said tapping on the locker beside me. Ugh! He smiled as he saw my annoyance flash quickly over my face. 
“Annie?” Jamie said. “Your phone.” 
“Oh.” I yelped pulling my ringing phone out of my skinny jeans. I looked at the number calling …Ian. 
I answered, “Hey, are you here?” I said trying to sound like I wasn’t distressed. 
“Yeah, where’s your locker?” he asked sounding like the calm and collected guy he always was. 
“End of the first floor hall.” I said knowing Max was absorbing every word like a sponge. I hung up after Ian said he’d be there shortly.
“So Max, what classes do you have?” Jamie said trying to break the awkward silence that had settled when I had hung up the phone.
“I have English first period.” Max said pulling out his own roster. 
“With Mr. Rawlins?” Jamie continued. 
“Yeah.” 
“So does Annie.” Jamie said surprised. “How come everyone gets to have Rawlins but me?” She pouted a bit and I couldn’t help but chuckle even though Max was there ruining all the excitement I had about my junior year. 
“One class together, I have that with Ian too.” I said casually trying to be civil but from the devious look on Max’s face I knew there was something I was missing. 
“When do you have lunch?” Jamie asked next. 
“Fifth period.” 
“Same as us.” She said with renewed enthusiasm. I looked at Max pointedly. Why was he smiling. 
“Nice to see you again, Ian.” Max said that obviously false smile directed towards my boyfriend. 
“Max, what brings you here?” He said trying to keep his tone more civil than I had tried. I knew Max was the old Max the second I saw him but Ian wasn’t that perceptive.
“Dad, transferred.” Max said with a nonchalant shrug. “Didn’t know you guys went here.” He said that diplomatic smile coming back to his face. I didn’t believe that for a second. 
“Yeah, so have you found your locker yet? You might want to before classes start.” Ian said clearly trying to get Max to leave. 
“Actually it’s right here. Right beside Annabel’s.” Max said not letting up on how irritatingly happy he was from our annoyance. 
“Do you know where your first class is?” Ian tried again as his hand found mine.
“We all have the same first class except for lovely Jamie, but I will be seeing her at lunch, right?” Max said sending a nauseously flirtatious look to Jamie, who nearly fainted from ecstasy. I could not take this for a whole semester he needed to go away again ASAP.
“Most definitely, just find me or Annie.” Jamie said happier than I had ever seen her according to the smile that was so wide her face was ready to crack. “Um I better get going I have to trudge all the way to the other side of the third floor.” She said rolling her eyes. “See you in third.” 
“Yeah, see you then.” I said with a wave. 
Another uncomfortable silence fell between the three of us. 
“Why the hell are you really here?” Ian growled. 
“Why do you think I’m here?” Max said not letting Ian’s obvious anger hinder his good mood. 
Ian moved his arm preparing to throw a punch and I grabbed his arm. “Ian, stop. It’s not his fault. It’s annoying but we were expecting this.” I said softly enough that I hoped Max could not overhear what I was saying. Ian relaxed but he was still wound up for a fight if the death stare he was giving Max was any indication.  
School was not starting on a happy note. I thought looking at Ian glare at a smug Max. 
Nothing worse could possibly happen at least that’s what I hoped.
If you enjoyed this book check out other titles by Lyza Ledo
Secrets Trilogy
Secret’s Out
Hidden
Revelations

The Rena Files Series
The Rena Files
Puzzled
Familiar
Return (Coming in December 2013)

Encante Series
Enchanted (Coming in 2014)

For more information on Lyza Ledo
You can find her on Twitter, Facebook, Goodreads, or her website and blog           www.lyzaledo.com
