HUNTERS OF THE NIGHT
Copyright 2013 Darryl Barton 
Published by Darryl Barton at Smashwords
Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Dedicated to David and Geoffrey Barton to whom when they were young my wife and I read many stories.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Prologue
1. Donlin's Ascent
2. Cat Briars
3. Traveler's Inn
4. The Climb
5. Moglor
6. Decisions
7. The Western Meadows
8. Kaltan Hounds
9. Night Visitor
10. The Overlook
11. The Chutes
12. The Dead Lands
13. Canyon Crossing
14. Ambush
15. Partings
16. The Citadel
17. Abal and Shalir
18. Hunter of the Night
19. A Knife Lesson
20. A Home Again
About the author
PROLOGUE
Akani is a strange, unique world. The night sky is very different from our own; there is no moon to shed her light in the darkness. The stars, too, are different. They are not spread out all over the heavens as are ours, but are shaped into a giant whirlpool of blazing light. This is Daggeth, the great spiral galaxy. Where Daggeth shines, the starlight is brighter than our own moon at her full; but where Daggeth is not visible, it is dark indeed. Few stars can be seen and those only faintly.
Akani is different in other ways as well. For she is not just a far-flung, misplaced member of this spiral galaxy or even this universe. She is a stranger, an intruder, an exile, having come through the boundaries of time and space from another universe.
But the difference that has the greatest impact is one that affects the physical laws of nature themselves. Metals in their metallic form do not behave normally on Akani. They react swiftly, rusting and corroding. Gold and a few other rare metals do not react quite so quickly, but even these are dangerous to handle. They may emit electrical discharges without warning or suddenly become hot enough to melt.
Without the use of metals Akani has not developed into a great mechanical or industrial society. But people are very adaptable, and so life goes on.

Donlin's Ascent
The Dragon's Claw was just rising above the eastern horizon and now Dael could easily make out his brother Jaes resting by his pack in the brilliant starlight. It had been dark until a welcome wind had whisked away the clouds that had obscured the night skies. Dael could see Daggeth, the Great Whirlpool, spiraling across the night with arms reaching out across almost the whole breadth of the heavens. The dark, southern crescent was hidden here by the ridge.
He knew as one traveled north, Daggeth rose higher and higher until it nearly filled the sky with its trailing arms. It was said by some that, if you went south until Land's End, then took a boat and sailed even farther south, Daggeth would sink beneath the seas. Only its arms would rear up, grasping the edges of the skies, until they too sank from sight. There were lands, it was said (though Dael knew of no one who had seen them) where the night skies were dark and empty with only a few pale glimmers of light. He was glad tonight, at least, they had the fires of Daggeth to light their way.
Just then his brother stirred. Dael whispered, "Is it time to go yet, Jaes?"
There were a few moments of silence as Jaes rose quietly to his feet. "Yes," he said, "I suppose we should go now. This is no climb I wish to make at night; but if we must do it, it is better to do it while the Claw is still rising."
"But you really don't believe those old stories that the Dragon controls our lives, do you?"
"No Little Brother," Jaes laughed in reply. "You know I don't. We make the choices that determine our lives. But it will be better to go down now, for even the starlight varies, and it is as bright now as it will get. Besides the clouds should return later tonight, then it will be dark indeed." With that he shouldered his pack and turned to the path.
Dael rose and picked up his own, adjusting it with a shrug, then turned and followed his brother down the path to the cliffs.
Things had happened all too fast. Yet perhaps that was well, Dael could not help but think, for the pain of his parent's loss had not yet a chance to set in.
On the morning of that first day, he and Jaes had returned from a hunting trip to find the valley filled with smoke. At first they had not been too concerned for many things could have accounted for this: a clearing fire which had gotten out of hand, the burning of some fields in preparation for crops. But when they came upon the first cabin, belonging to old Falin, still smoldering, fear gripped them. They hurried on passing several more burned dwellings to find that their own had shared the same fate. There were signs of a struggle, stains that appeared to be blood; but nothing was to be found of their parents or sister, either alive or dead.
While Jaes scouted down the valley, Dael had taken the pack animals back up in the higher woods, above what had been the cabin, where he would have a view of the area. They feared whoever had done this might still be near. It was about five hours later when Jaes returned with the news.
"Our parents are dead." he simply stated, grief staring from his eyes. "Kar has been taken by Kaltan soldiers." Then he was silent.
"Finally Dael managed to ask, "But why, the valley has done nothing to bring this on itself?"
"I don't now. No one does, I gather." said Jaes. "There are some survivors, those who were away when Kaltan attacked. They hid and some escaped; all others were captured or killed. The soldiers buried the dead in one grave down by the river."
Before he and Jaes left, Dael had visited the grave, which had been marked by those who survived. Just a mound of dirt marked by a crude stone, yet it was a sight neither would ever forget. Standing there, staring at the stone, the sharp smell of smoke and destruction still strong in their noses, stinging their eyes, they made a promise not for the dead but the living. They would rescue Kar, their sister, or perish in the attempt.
They gave what they had taken in hunt to the small group that had gathered; these could use what nature had provided more than they, for they would travel light, needing all the speed they could achieve. Although those who remained felt it was a useless undertaking, that they were throwing away their lives needlessly, Jaes and Dael could not be dissuaded.
They had to make their attempt soon, for not much time was given them. They knew it was almost certain the soldiers would return to Rivervillage, the upper most port on Big River and an outpost for Kaltan forces. The captives would be brought there first, then sent downriver by slave barges. They also knew Kaltan would use the main road leading in and out of the valley. This road left the valley at Meadow Flats and ran northeast about ten miles along the bank of Snowy River until it met Gold River that flowed swiftly down out of the mountains. Here the road turned abruptly northwest along the west bank of Gold River. If one kept to this road for about sixty miles or so, he would reach Rivervillage at the point the Gold flows into Big River.
There were, of course, other ways in and out of the valley. A rough road ran out westward over the western ridge to a lesser used way following the White River down to Big River. This would also take a traveler to Rivervillage, but it was a longer road.
There were other paths and trails that led up into the mountains of the south or to the barrier cliffs to the north. It was to one of these trails, little used by most save hunters and woodsmen that Jaes and Dael turned. The trail they chose ran up the slopes of the Barrier Mountains then west along the slope to a low point on the ridge.
They had stopped on the north slope to pen the pack animals in a cave that they sometimes used for that purpose. There they carefully made up their packs, taking only enough dried food to last until they returned, and other gear they might need in their attempt to rescue their sister. The rest they stored in the cave.
They had then gone on until they reached the path that would take them to the cliffs. Here Jaes called a halt since it was already dark and clouds had cut off the starlight.
"We'll wait here," he said, "until the clouds break."
So they waited and, as they did, each had been left to his own private thoughts in the darkness.
But now they were moving again and Dael was glad. Doing something was easier than resting right now. It took his mind off what had happened. He had always enjoyed walking in the forest at night. Occasionally, Jaes and he hunted at night and, although it was more difficult and seldom produced much success, Dael was always glad to go. His night vision was excellent, perhaps a bit better than Jaes', although Jaes was a better hunter because of his longer experience.
As they walked, Daggeth shed a brightness around them on either side. The path here ran through an open space among the trees. Underneath them, it became darker, concealing those who might lurk there. However, Dael was certain there was little danger now. His hunter's sense of hearing told him this, for the forest sounded undisturbed, unworried. He knew it was watchful, that the creatures that lived there were aware of what was near. If anything out of the normal were present, they would be wary and silent. But now they spoke and moved about, unconcerned as usual.
Off to his right he heard the hooting of a rock owl. It was crying that it had found its meal. Dael knew, were it still hunting, it would be quiet, listening for the sounds of its supper scurrying among the rocks. Somewhere in the underbrush he heard the sounds of small animals moving around. "Woodrats." he thought. They too were looking for something to eat among the leaves such as a luckless beetle, seeds or nuts, or anything else they might find.
The insects of the night sang to one another, night chirpers mostly. Accompanying them were the tree frogs who were fewer in number now. It would not be long before they would burrow deep into the soft forest floor to sleep the winter away.
Somewhere above them Dael heard the faint cries of a night hawk; then farther off in answer, its mate. These two were the master hunters of the darkness above. Dael wished his vision as good as these two keen-eyed hunters of the night.
Then the forest closed in once more around them as they walked. Quickly, yet silently, they moved along. A deer hurried out of the way as they approached. Dael could not see it, but he heard its hooves clacking on the rocks. It did not go far for it sensed no real danger.
Then Jaes, who was walking ahead, slowed to a stop. Dael moved to his side. The forest had come to an abrupt end. There ahead in the bright starlight the ground fell away into blackness. They were standing on the cliffs!
These were the Barrier Cliffs, running east and west along the northern edge of the mountains forming their valley. In many places they were almost one thousand feet high; at their lowest, they were at least four hundred. In all places they were sheer, straight up and down. Yet there were ways to climb and descend, if one knew them and had the skill and courage to dare. One of these ways, known to a few, was Donlin's Ascent.
Dael had heard of this way down, although he had never attempted it. Jaes had been up and down only twice. It was not a passage even the best of climbers used regularly; but it was, for these two, the quickest way to Rivervillage.
Jaes took off his pack and walked carefully to the cliff's edge. There he squatted down and studied the darkness below a long time. Finally he returned to Dael who had taken off his pack and was carefully unpacking a large rope.
"How does it look?" asked Dael.
"There are some fires off to the northeast, nothing close." his brother replied. "They are too big to be campfires, probably clearing fires."
"Or cabins!" suggested Dael.
"But why would Kaltan be killing and burning out villages and people here? We are already under their control. We pay taxes and tribute. We do not oppose them or fight them as Sakol does. Why would they want to destroy us? It makes no sense!"
Dael said, "We should have joined Sakol, the whole valley should have! At least then we could have fought!" There was bitterness in his voice as he spoke.
"But," said Jaes, "even Sakol could not have helped us here in our valley, Little Brother. They can barely defend their own mountain fortress. You'll get the chance to fight, I fear, before all this is over. Is that rope ready?"
"Yes," answered Dael. "Is this the place?"
"No," Jaes replied, "we'll have to go a little way west from here, but it isn't far. Come on!"
They shouldered their packs and picked their way slowly and cautiously along the cliff's edge. There was little danger of being seen in silhouette from below due to the darkness, and the fact that the trees grew almost to the very edge.
Finally Jaes stopped. "Here!" he said. Then he pointed back into the forest.
"There's a fault in the cliff here. Back in there, about four hundred feet or so, there's a cave that cuts down to a ledge on the cliff face below. Look for a large pine tree broken off about twenty feet up the trunk. The cave is right beside it. I have to tie this rope off, then I'll throw it to you when you get to the ledge. We can't use a torch here; the light would be too easily seen from below if there are any soldiers there, so you'll have to feel your way down. But there are no side passages, as I told you earlier, so you cannot become lost."
As Dael turned to leave Jaes added, "Oh, and, Little Brother, be careful! The cave wasn't inhabited when I was here last, but that was sometime ago. You can never know what might have decided to crawl in out of the night."
Dael stopped and turned. If it had been light enough to see his brother's face, he was sure he would have seen Jaes grin.
"Thanks friend!" he said. "Tell you what! I'll throw the line, you go down and catch it."
Jaes laughed. "Sorry, you can not see the ledge from up here. You have to know just where to throw the rope and there is no time to teach you. Since you do not know and I do, you are elected to catch it, the rope that is." He laughed again.
"I hope so too!" Dael said as he turned to go again.
There was no problem in finding the tree, even in the starlight. And there at its foot was the cave. It did not look like much, just a hole leading down into the ground. A very black hole! Dael paused for a moment, then found a rock and tossed it into the hole. It clattered about then stopped. There was no other sound other than the night insect.
"Maybe," Dael thought to himself, "if anything does call this home, it has gone out for the night." Then he lowered himself carefully over the lip into the blackness of the hole. It was only about four feet deep here. He could see the darker blot of the tunnel across from himself. Very cautiously, he made his way toward it, feeling slowly ahead with his feet. Jaes had told him he would have to crawl since it was quite low in most places, but that it would widen out and turn before he came to the ledge. So he took off his pack, placing it beside him, took a deep breath, and then started in on his hands and feet.
He proceeded slowly forward, feeling ahead with his hands and dragging his pack as he went. The darkness was total not far inside the cave. Dael could see absolutely nothing. After ten or twelve feet he stopped and listened. His breathing was all he could hear. It seemed very loud so he took a deep breath and held it. Not a sound! "So far so good!" he thought to himself.
Onward he went, carefully and slowly. He had encountered no problems in crawling so far, for the tunnel had remained three or four feet high. Jaes had also told him there was a wider area about halfway through the tunnel. Dael whispered softly, "I might have already passed it in this darkness. I certainly wish I had a torch!"
As he paused this time he noticed his breathing sounded different, and there was a difference in the odor of the air that he could not quite identify. He reached up and found he could not touch the ceiling of the passage.
"This must be it! The larger cavern has caused the sound to echo differently and has somehow affected the air as well!"
He kept on along the side of the passage, moving slowly but deliberately. Jaes had said there were no side passages to worry about. "Just keep going until I come out! Well, I am," he muttered, "even if I don't like it!"
The tunnel narrowed again, now Dael had to push his pack ahead of him as he wormed his way onward on his stomach. Then it widened back to a crawling height. He continued forward, pausing every now and then to listen; but there were no sounds other than those he made himself.
It seemed like hours, but eventually the passage did turn and he glimpsed starlight ahead. There was the opening! A few more feet and he found that he could stand up. This he did very slowly, and then he advanced just as slowly out onto the ledge, leaving his pack against the wall of the passage.
About thirty feet away, across the cliff face he could dimly see the other ledge in the starlight. It looked quite small from where he stood. Below him the darkness seemed to have devoured the earth. As he glanced upward, he could see how the cliff was undercut a little so that someone standing on top would be unable to see these ledges, nor could a person here hope to throw a line with a grappling hook up to catch the top.
Dael looked around and found a large stone. With it he struck the rock wall sharply twice in the agreed upon signal. Then he waited. Suddenly without warning a rope snaked out in the air beyond the ledge and fell back toward him. Dael, caught off guard, was too slow and it swung out again into the space between the ledges. There was a pause then it began to be drawn back up. Jaes was trying again.
This time Dael was ready, but the rope missed the ledge by feet. He could not reach it. Again it was drawn up.
The third throw was right on target and this time he caught it as it swung toward him. He gave two light tugs, another signal, and then tied it to a large boulder.
Many minutes passed. Finally Dael heard noises coming from the cave, then suddenly Jaes was beside him.
"Meet anyone in there?" Jaes asked.
"No, did you?"
"No, but I found this." Jaes held up a bone.
"Deer bone?" said Dael surprised. "What's that doing in the cave? A predator would not normally bring its kill back to its lair."
Jaes said, "One would, Little Brother. Didn't you notice the odor back there? It was faint, but unmistakable."
"A forest demon!" Dael gasped. "Of course! But there hasn't been one seen in a year?"
"That's not unusual since they hunt only at night and avoid populated areas. But recently I've heard there have been some signs of one. Anyway, put that bone in your pack; we'll want to take a look at it in the light. Now let's get out of hear if we can. I do not really want to be here if it comes back!"
Cat Briars
Jaes took a second lighter rope out of his pack. Untying the rope, which Dael had secured to the boulder, he fastened the center of the lighter rope to it. Then laying half of this on the ground so that it would be free to uncoil, he tied the other end to his waist. Finally he made another loop in the larger rope as a hand hold. Putting on his pack and tightening it, he backed as far as he could on the ledge and pulled sharply on the main line.
Satisfied it was secure, he turned to Dael. "I'll go first. You hold this." He handed Dael the free end of the rope coiled on the rock. "Haul me back if I miss the ledge on the first swing. And remember, when you go, you have to jump out away from the ledge here. Because of the undercut, you'll end up swinging away from the ledge over there if you don't. But if you jump out here, you'll be swinging in when you get there. Whatever you do, do not let go of this safety line."
Dael nodded and took the line. Then with a short run and a jump, Jaes swung out and away from the face of the cliff. As he watched, Dael could see his brother swing toward the ledge. He reached it and dropped lightly on it, landing on his feet.
"That looked easy." Dael thought. He waited until his brother moved to the center of the opposite ledge then he pulled the lighter rope in and recovered the main line. He checked his pack, making sure his bow was securely tied to it, then put it on his shoulders. Backing as far as he could, he told himself, "Jump out away from the ledge! All right, here goes!" All he could see when he looked down was blackness, yet he knew the ground lay some three to four hundred feet below. Trying his best not to think of what would certainly happen if he were to slip, fall, or let go of the rope too soon, he took a deep breath then ran and jumped.
Dael felt as if he were floating through the air as he clung tightly to the rope. He did not look down or up, he dared not; he looked at nothing except the ledge on the other side. It grew larger and larger as he swung nearer. Now he was almost there. Then he was over it!
Everything happened, it seemed, at once. Jaes cried, "Now! Let go!" But Dael had already done so. His feet hit the rock only to slide out from under him. As he fell, he rolled to the edge of the darkness, then his brothers strong hands grasp him and held him fast. He and Jaes both lay still for a few moments then moved back against the cliff sitting with their backs to it, catching their breath.
"Well, we've done the easy part."
"Easy?" asked Dael. "That was easy? We could have been killed six different ways!"
"I didn't say it wasn't dangerous. It was! But it was easy compared to what we do now, Little Brother." said Jaes.
"Oh boy!" groaned Dael, "what now?"
"You'll see." laughed Jaes, "You'll see!"
He untied the ropes and fastened the one they had used as a swing to a heavy rock. With the other they linked themselves together for safety, then with Jaes leading, they moved slowly along the ledge in the starlight. Soon they reached a large crevice in the ledge extending into the face of the cliff itself.
Again Jaes removed another rope from his pack. "This is our last one," he said. "I was lucky enough to find it near one of the burned cabins."
He looked above him in the crevice then, reaching in, he pulled out a branch about two inches in diameter. "I left this here last time. There's no place to fasten a rope easily here so we'll tie it to this." As he spoke he tied it and wedged it back into the crevice and tested it several times but pulling on it. "This will hold us."
Dael asked, "We go down here?" He stared at the crevice.
"Do you see anywhere else we can go from here except back the way we came?"
Dael shook his head.
"Now," Jaes continued, "here's what we do. This crack goes straight down a long, long way. The rope we have will not reach the bottom, but it will help. So we will go down the rope until it runs out, then we go the rest of the way free. You go first; I'll back you up. Go down a little way then rest by bracing yourself against the sides of the crevice. When we run out of rope, I can still back you with this safety line, but you will have to work your way down by keeping pressure on both sides. We'll rest at the bottom of this before we finish our climb down. So, Little Brother, are you ready?"
Dael thought for a moment then said, "You are right, at least, when you say down is the only way we can go. That's what bothers me, but I'm as ready now as I'll ever be."
Jaes helped Dael start down the rope, making sure he was placing his feet correctly. "Take it slow and easy!" he said. "Remember, I'll be right above you." Then, allowing Dael about ten feet, he followed him down the crevice.
The descent was dangerous and difficult, requiring both patience and strength. Although Dael had done no climbing, his endurance and strength carried him safely down the long drop.
After Jaes had joined his brother at the bottom, they rested before attempting to climb down the rock face. This was not the sheer rock face of the cliff itself, but instead a large section of it which had fallen in years past. Although its face was very steep, it was manageable and its surface offered many handholds and footholds. And, thus, it was not long before they stood at the base of the barrier cliff breathing somewhat faster but much easier.
They rested briefly again then set off preferring to be on the trail. The land here still sloped steeply downward and, although it was not heavily wooded, it was rough and rocky. They crossed this moving into the more forested country of rolling hills.
Jaes brought them to a halt a little before sunrise on the second day of their quest. They found a place in a thicket where they would be concealed, crawled in and lay upon the pine straw. Sleep came quickly and was welcomed for they had traveled most of the night with just brief stops.
It was only about an hour later that Dael was awakened by the sound of voices. He turned slowly to look at his brother. Jaes' eyes were open and intent. He glanced at Dael and held a hand up in a gesture of silence. The voices were coming nearer. Whoever it was, they were not hunters. This was readily apparent.
Carefully Jaes rolled over and peered out through the dense foliage that hid them. Then he motioned for Dael to join him. Dael quietly moved to Jaes' side. As he lay on the ground beside his brother he could see, as well as hear, those who made the noise. Kaltan soldiers, five of them!
They were headed to the east. As they passed Dael picked out that the conversation centered on horses and riders. They were discussing the relative merits of several different horses in some race that was to be held somewhere. Although they passed quickly out of sight, for sometime their voices could be heard before there was silence again in the forest.
Finally Jaes turned to Dael. "Well, tell me what you think about that."
Dael replied, "It is strange, isn't it, to find them so far back from the main road. Something is happening and I'd like to know what it is.
Jaes thought for a moment or two, then said, "We can learn a few things, I think. First, there are more soldiers about than just these! A patrol of theirs usually has more than five men in it. And did you notice that there were no officers? So the officer or offices and the rest of that patrol are probably nearby or perhaps at the place to which these five are no going."
"Second, by the way they were walking and talking, they were not expecting any trouble nor were they searching for anything. They were not expecting to find any enemies here. They seemed to simply be on their way somewhere."
"But where? And why?" said Dael. "That is what I want to know!"
"And I too, Little Brother!" said Jaes. "It may prove very difficult indeed to free Kar. But we shall see."
They rested another hour or two, all the time being constantly alert to the sounds of the forest around them. But there was no sign, nor sound of any other soldiers. At last they shouldered their packs and continued their way to Rivervillage, walking cautiously and quietly, avoiding the open areas and major trails.
When the sun reached its highest point in the sky, they rested out of sight and ate a little of the provisions they had brought. Dael removed his pack as he ate and opened it. He took out the bone he had placed there the night before. As he turned it over and over he whispered, "Forest demon all right! Look at these teeth marks in the bone itself!"
He handed the bone to Jaes who examined it then tossed it back to Dael. Jaes nodded his head in agreement. "That is one animal I wouldn't want to meet even in the open during the day! Judging by its bite on that bone, it is a very large adult, probably a female. I'm surprised it could squeeze itself into that cave. If it had been there last night it wouldn't be hunting tonight, nor would we!"
Dael continued to look at the bone then he asked, "What makes them so mean and disagreeable? Most other meat eaters will usually run if you surprise them. These things almost always attack!"
Jaes shrugged, "I don't know. That is just their nature, I guess. They seem to have an inborn hatred for anything that moves or disturbs them. It wouldn't be so bad except they are so very hard to kill with all that armor they carry. About the only place that it does any good to shoot is straight down their throats. But when they decide to open their mouths it is usually to take a good sized bite out of the one trying to shoot them. That is too late and too close! We can only be thankful they are seldom seen and seldom stay in any one place very long."
Dael looked at the bone again and shuddered to think what might have happened if he had met the one that had gnawed on it. Then deciding this was not a pleasant subject to think upon he tossed the bone to one side and lay back to rest. Jaes followed his example, and soon they were asleep.
Once more it was little more than a short nap, and soon they were walking again. Yet they had traveled no farther than one mile when Dael whispered to Jaes, "Do you smell that? Smoke!"
Jaes stopped and studied the forest. Then he motioned Dael off to the right and began to move ahead. Dael soon lost sight of his brother as they proceeded very slowly now alert to any sound or movement.
At last Dael came upon the source of the smoke. Another cabin lay smoldering in a clearing just in front of him. "So they've hit here too!" he thought. Dael did not immediately leave his cover but studied the area a long time. Nothing moved. He realized Jaes must have also found this by now although he could see no sign of him. But Dael did not expect to; he knew Jaes would stay well hidden.
After watching quietly for a few more minutes, he decided it would be best to scout the ground around the remains of the dwelling.
Slowly he emerged from the brush that hid him. Nothing happened. He stooped and studied the area once more. Satisfied he began walking toward the cabin. He could see now that there were many sets of tracks in the dust.
"Boot tracks! Soldiers have been here!" he said under his breath as he squatted down to study them more closely.
Just then he heard a cry. Looking up, he saw two figures rise up out of the brush on his left. They wore uniforms, Soldiers! Without hesitating, he turned and rose in one motion and ran for the forest on his right. He did not need to look back to know they were giving chase, for he could hear their feet striking the ground as they pursued him. He waited for the sound of bows twanging and arrows hissing through the air, but these did not come.
Running as hard as he could, he entered the forest then turned to his left into the area of thickest brush. After he was several hundred yards into this dense brush, he stopped and listened. They were still following him, or at least trying to do so. By the sound of it, it seemed likely only two were coming after him, probably the two he had seen. He also realized they had not split up to search for their quarry as would have been best. Dael was glad for this because it made things easier. He wondered where Jaes was. Had they caught him? Dael did not think this to be so since there had been no sounds of a fight or a struggle before he had been discovered.
Now he moved deliberately to his right, making as little noise as possible and continuing to track his pursuers by the noise they were making crashing through the brush. Then he saw a very thick clump of cat briars, named such due to their very long curved and very sharp thorns. Although it was difficult, he managed to lift some of the vines and examined the clump at ground level. This particular type of briar sent out many vines and branches but from one central trunk. The older a bush was, the bigger and thicker the main trunk became. The vines and branches grew out of the central trunk a little higher level each year while some of the older ones died and dropped off below. The result was, a crawl space could be found in many of these large clumps which small animals often took refuge in when hiding. Pleased with what he saw, Dael dropped to the ground and began to slowly worm his way underneath toward the center of the bush where the main trunks were the thickest. There were many dead leaves here, damp and soft not dry and brittle. These he scraped over himself without much noise, then he lay very still, waiting.
The soldiers were approaching him now. They had moved apart but were still close enough to carry on a conversation. Dael listened.
"How many did you see?" asked one soldier.
"Just one." the other replied.
"But there were supposed to be two that escaped, an old man and his son." the first answered.
"It could have been the son, he ran too fast to be an old man."
Dael thought for a moment. "So there were more than two soldiers! One of these was not either of the two he had seen before he ran into the forest." He continued to listen.
"Ouch!" yelled the first again. "These thorns are enough to send a man back to the slave pits!"
The second replied, "Why don't we just torch this whole place? That will take care of any witnesses and the stinking briars too!"
Dael held his breath. The soldier who was speaking had stopped right in front of the clump in which Dael was hiding. The other was on the other side of the briars. It was he who spoke next.
"We can't do that. The captain said only to burn the huts of these settlers out. They want them out of this area or dead. No witnesses! If we started too big a fire, too many people would be interested in this place. Beside, those two who lived back there will either leave or starve. Most likely they will try to come back tonight. If we don't find them in here soon, we'll go back and wait again."
The soldiers moved on, the one nearest Dael deciding that it was more prudent to go around these briars than through them. He waited until he could no longer hear them then crawled out from under the briars. Then he worked his way back and around to where he had first observed the cabin. Here he studied the area again and listened carefully.
There it was! A bird calling! A night dove whistling its song. He listened again. Yes, that was it, and it was coming from somewhere behind him and from his left. 	This was one bird he would be glad to see. Dael moved again carefully and quietly toward the sound.
Finally it was close, somewhere in the brush just ahead. Dael now whistled a night dove's call. There was movement in the bush then Jaes stepped out. He motioned for Dael to follow then disappeared again into the brush.
Dael followed and they left the area, skirting the clearing by going way around to the left of it.
When they were about a mile away they stopped on a little rise. Before them the open land spread out down to the river about five miles away. The forest curved in an arc to their left. It met the river about nine miles away from where they stood. It was at this juncture that their destination, Rivervillage, lay.
Jaes asked, "You didn't have any problems in losing those soldiers, did you?"
"No," replied Dael, "but it was a good thing that they were flatland soldiers and not trained in hunting or tracking. A child could have lost those two. But where were you?"
Jaes grinned. "I was watching you, Little Brother. Actually I had just reached the place from which I could watch the clearing when I saw you step out. I wanted to warn you that I had seen fresh signs of soldiers at a small stream I had just passed, but by then you were walking to the cabin. The best thing to do then was to watch. I saw them an instant before they saw you. I was getting ready to shoot, and then I saw that they were not carrying any bows, just their swords. With that and the way they shouted, giving themselves away, I decided you could handle it. I moved around to be near just in case you needed help when I spotted you. That's when I signaled you with the night dove's call; shouting really did not seem to be advisable."
"How many were there?" asked Dael.
"Four or five by the tracks at the stream, however, I only saw three. Two set out after you, one ran back into the woods. I would guess he went to get the others."
Dael laughed. "So you played like a bird and I played like a rabbit." He then told Jaes of hiding in the briars and the conversation he had overheard.
"So they do not want witnesses, do they? I cannot imagine what they might be hiding, but that is not our problem right now."
Jaes pointed out across the open country. "That's our problem! We do not dare walk across there openly now. We would be sure to be seen. First, we have to get to Rivervillage, hope they have not burned that to the ground, then we have to get Kar out and away from there."
Dael added, "There's one more problem now. We have to get away once we free her!"
Jaes looked at his brother. "You're right, I have not really given that much thought. Yet that might prove to be hardest of all!"
Traveler's Inn
They decided to follow the forest around to the left. This was a longer route than across the open country, but that no longer mattered since they had to wait until dark before they could do anything. An hour before sunset they were watching activity within Rivervillage from the vantage point of an abandoned barn on a hill outside the west end of town.
Dael finally said after watching for some time, "There do not seem to be many soldiers. I've seen a dozen or so; you can be sure there are twice that number at the least. You've been here before, are there more now?"
"It does not appear so. That is about the number I think when I've been here although I never really bothered to count," said Jaes. "I thought there would be more with what we've seen up in our valley. It doesn't make much sense, I admit, but it certainly helps us in our immediate problem. I'll tell you what I think we can do, then you can tell me if you have any better ideas."
Dael nodded his agreement.
"We cannot hope to free Kar and the others by force, two against twenty-five at best are not odds I like. We'll have to slip in tonight, distract the guard somehow and then get out with Kar and the others if we can. If we do this smoothly and quietly enough, maybe they will not notice some of their captives are gone, for a while at least. This will help with that last problem of trying to escape. The longer they do not notice the better off we are. Do you agree?"
Dael did.
"Well," continued Jaes, "we do not know where the captives are being kept, but I suspect it will be somewhere on the military compound down by the river. You can't see it from here, it's over there behind those buildings." He pointed for Dael. "They have there own docks and storage area. It's not much, just a couple of small buildings for officers, if I remember correctly. I would guess they keep the prisoners in the storage area by the docks, but we really need to know more for certain."
Dael suggested, "Why not go in now before dark and find out what we can? There are plenty of villagers. They haven't killed or burned anything here as far as I can tell. We shouldn't have any problems."
Jaes thought for a moment. "There are only two things to watch for as I see it. One, if those soldiers who saw you are here, they might recognize you. But I doubt if they are here. The other if seems to be much more likely. There are many villagers who might know us or from where we come at the least. If it reached the right ears that two from the valley are here, there might be trouble."
He was quiet for a while, then he went on, "Well, we've simply got to know some things so we'll have to risk it. I'll leave first and check out the military compound. Why don't you leave a little after I do and go to the east end of town? There's a tavern there, Traveler's Inn that is well liked by the soldiers as I remember. Look around and see how many soldiers are there, others too. Check the stable if you can; see what's there. Then we'll meet here in about two hours to decide our final plan of actions. It will be dark by then."
Dael stood up and watched Jaes descend to the floor from the broken down loft from which they had watched the town. As Jaes made ready to leave he said, "Try to be inconspicuous. If anyone does ask why we are here or if you are recognized, we've been hunting and needed supplies; both of which are true. We are planning on getting them before we return home." Then he left.
Dael waited several minutes then he checked to see if any one was on the road. It was clear, so he stepped out of the barn onto the road. As he walked the road into town Dael felt as if everyone he passed was looking intently at him. He knew this was not the case, but it did not change the way he felt. The faces he saw, he did not recognize and therefore he knew they probably did not know who he was. Yet for all this reasoning, he still felt exposed and vulnerable. He had hoped to meet no soldiers on the road, and his luck held. It took only a short time to reach his destination. The tavern was located at the end of the village, the last building on the road. It was dark enough now so that no one would recognize him unless they were very close.
He approached the inn slowly and passed it by going on down the road apiece. The he turned back and approached it from the other direction. It was one large building with a fireplace at either end. Out back and attached to the inn itself were wood and storage sheds. Separated from the inn by some distance were the stables. The front of the inn had a large porch extending the length of the front of the building. There was one door and a heavily curtained window. A second door in the back of the structure led to the wood and storage sheds. Several horses were tied out front, but there was no one on the porch.
Dael walked up to the porch and paused; then he stepped carefully upon it. Moving to the window, he peered through a corner not covered by the heavy curtain. Several groups of men were sitting at tables or standing by the fire talking. Dael counted nine soldiers.
Dael carefully looked around. Good! No one was in sight. Leaving the front porch, he walked back to the stables. The horses had been taken care of for the night. The lower half of the stable door was closed but not locked. After checking again to see if anyone was coming he quickly ducked inside.
It was even darker inside, but by making rounds of the stalls and by counting saddles and other gear stowed on the racks, Dael counted ten horses stabled inside with four outside in the pen.
Satisfied, he walked back to the front of the inn then sat down in the shadows of a large bush. From this vantage point, he watched the inn for about half an hour during which time several visitors came and left. Most of these were soldiers but a few, townsmen. One, who stood so that the light of the open door illuminated his face, he recognized. It was old Tul who lived in Meadow Flats at the far east end of the valley. "That's interesting!" Dael said to himself, "He acts as if nothing has happened in the valley or at least as if he does not know about it."
Dael decided he had watched long enough so he made his way back to the old barn. This time he did not use the main road but a well-used path Jaes had mentioned earlier. This path ran well south of the town beyond the fields out of sight of most of the buildings. He found Jaes waiting inside the barn.
"What did you find out?" Dael asked when he saw his brother. "Did you find our people? Is Kar with them?"
"Yes, she is there with others. I could not get close enough to get a good count but there seems to be ten or twelve prisoners. They are all women; apparently they did not take any male prisoners. They are not in the sheds as I had thought. They are guarded by two soldiers in a tent down by the docks."
Jaes paused then continued. "It won't be easy, but I think we can do it. But we will need a big diversion. How many soldiers were at the inn?"
There were ten when I left, but they come and go. It is a very popular place with them." Dael said.
"What about the stables?"
"Fourteen houses and gear, most of it appears to be flatlander."
"That's better than I hoped!" Jaes replied. "Maybe a third of the garrison will be there. All right, here is what we'll do. An hour or so from now you will have to create a diversion, something big to attract a lot of attention throughout the village. Start a fire or something at the east end. But before you do that, go back to the stable, pick out three or four good mounts, saddle them, and then, after you have done whatever it is you decide to do as a diversion, bring them back here with you. Run off the rest of the horses at the stable to delay anyone from following us. Also do not let anyone see you head back this way. The longer we can keep them guessing about which way we went, the better off we shall be."
"After you have attracted their attention, I'll slip in and free Kar. I do not think I can get any of the others out. We might be able to get more out of the garrison, but we'd never be able to get away later. It will be hard enough with just the two of us and Kar. If all goes well, we will meet back here. If Kar and I do not show up a short while after the diversion, you go on ahead and get out. If we are able, we will catch up with you. Any questions?"
Dael thought for a moment then asked, "Where are we going when we leave?"
"For now, down the road, west to White River and back up that way. The rest we can decide later. Let's go!"
Dael went quietly and quickly back down the path toward the inn and stables. There was still no one around the latter. "So far, so good!" he said to himself. From the stables he located and removed the equipment for three horses. The rest he piled in the straw outside against the stable walls. He opened all the stalls and brought out the horses stabled there. It took a little doing, but he managed to run them out of sight away from the inn.
Next he saddled three mounts from the coral and drove the rest off. Two of these he took back down the path. As a precaution against them being found by someone who might chance down the path, he tied them in a grove of trees located some distance off the path. The third horse he left ready to go at the stables. Almost an hour had elapsed.
Dael then quietly crept up to the storage shed and removed two large containers of oil for the inn's lamps. With these he soaked the equipment, straw, and side of the stable itself. "All set!" he said under his breath. "All I need now is the fire."
He went back to the inn where there was a lighted lamp in front. But as he approached the wood shed he heard voices. Dael froze and listened. When he realized they were not moving and probably were standing by the back door, he slipped silently to the side of the wood shed. "They must have just come out," he thought.
Peering cautiously around the corner, he saw two men standing in the faint light. He recognized one to be wearing a uniform. A Kaltan soldier! Dael listened.
"You'll be paid well, I assure you," the soldier was saying. "The others too!"
A harsh voice rattled, "But you burned my home too!"
"Of course I did!" the soldier replied. "It would look very strange if yours was not touched and all the others burned. They would figure it out and you and the others would all be dead men. I burned the whole valley out."
There was a break in the conversation. Then the soldier went on, "As soon as we have Sakol, you can have the whole valley for your own. We don't want it. You can be the mayor, or governor, or whatever you choose to call yourself." He laughed, and then in a low menacing voice said, "But until we do, you will act out your part. Don't try to see me again. Understand! We do not want anyone suspecting that we are mounting this attack on Sakol."
The other mumbled agreement.
Then the soldier said, "Go back to town and forget what has happened for now. When someone tells you the valley was taken for back taxes be enraged with the others, act shocked." With that he turned and went in the back door.
As the light shown on him for an instant, Dael glimpsed his uniform. An officer! Dael's mind was spinning. "So someone from the valley was involved in this. He had, obviously in someway, betrayed his own people. And here was the enemy officer responsible! Jaes wanted a good diversion. He would give him a very good one!"
He waited until the other man had left, hearing him mount his horse and ride back to town. Then he quietly approached the front porch. He untied the three horses that were tied up there, but did not dare run them off right then. Next, he loosened the lamp in its holder. Then very carefully he took from his pack, his bow and a single arrow.
Moving to the window, he looked in. The officer was seated at a table near the fire facing the door with three others. A soldier was sitting on his right, a townsman on his other side, and sitting with his back to the door was old Tul. "Him again?" thought Dael. "Well, it did not matter, the officer was the target."
Dael moved to the door then, taking a deep breath, he quickly pushed it open and stepped inside and to the right in order to have a clear shot at the officer.
He spoke. He had wanted to sound strong and powerful, but somehow his voice came out rather weak and frail. "You are responsible for my parent's death," he said. "You are a murderer and this is payment in part!" With that he drew back the bow and took aim at the officer's chest.
The next events took place in just a moment, but for Dael, as long as he could remember, they happened ever so slowly. The officer's eyes which had focused on Dael when he first stepped through the door, never changed. They stayed cold and deliberate. But the eyes of another became wide with fright. Old Tul's head had also turned when Dael entered. Fear was now written across his face. Even as Dael's arm was drawing back the bow, Tul was rising out of his chair and turning to face him. As Dael's fingers released the arrow, his eyes saw Tul step right into its path. But it was too late; an arrow once loosed can never be recalled. Dael saw it fly true and sink deep into the old man's chest. He watched in horror as Tul sank slowly to the floor. The last thing he saw before he turned to flee was the trace of a cold smile upon the face of the officer.
Running out the door, Dael yelled and jumped at the horses, waving his arms. They bolted down the road. Then he turned and ran to the edge of the porch, grabbed the lamp and dashed to the stables. He tossed the lamp into the oil soaked straw, which quickly caught fire. This spread in seconds to the stable walls. It took only moments to untie the horse, mount, and race back toward the inn and the road. He bent low, hugging the horse's neck, to offer as small a target as possible to anyone who might try a shot in the dark. But the soldiers who had run out of the inn were caught off guard. The last thing they expected was to find their attacker riding full speed directly at them. They shouted and jumped out of the way as Dael flew by.
He turned east on the road and kicked the horse on as fast as it would run. Then, when he was about a mile down the road out of sight and sound of his pursuers, he stopped and guided the animal off the road, across an open field until he intersected the path. Now he walked the horse back down the path toward the inn stopping and listening often. There were shouts and cries. Everyone was trying to put out the fire. He quickly led the horse off the path to where the other two were tied. Without dismounting, he untied them and led them back toward the old barn. He was relieved to be out of sight of the inn for the night sky was glowing red-yellow due to the fire. Even here it lit up the path.
There was no one at the barn when he arrived. But Dael was not expecting there to be, for Jaes would not act until all attention was focused on the fire. He dismounted, tied the horses out of sight, then sat down and waited.
He felt sick; for all that he could think about now was his arrow sinking into old man Tul's chest. He was dead, of that Dael was sure. He had seen where the arrow had struck and Dael knew Tul was dead before he hit the floor. Dael had never killed another person before. He had never intended that Tul die! "Sure it was an accident! He was aiming at the soldier and Tul had stepped in the way." He told himself this over and over again. But no matter how often or how forcefully he told himself these facts, he still realized that Tul would not have died, had he not tried to kill another man in revenge. He was responsible for Tul's death. But what could he do about it? How could he go back to the valley now? For what seemed like ages he sat and thought.
Then a voice startled him! "I'm glad it is I and not a soldier!"
Dael jumped to his feet as Jaes stepped out of the darkness. "You scared me, Jaes!" Dael gasped.
"I whistled the signal several times. When there was no answer, I thought I had better approach carefully." he replied.
"I'm sorry, I didn't hear you. I've got a lot to think about. But, wait! Did you free Kar? Where is she? What happened?" Is she all right?" he spluttered.
"Whoa! One at a time! She's all right and waiting across the road. I'll tell you the whole story later." Then he added, looking at Dael, "And you, I believe, have one to tell me." He turned and left while Dael went to untie the horses.
Two figures ran out of the darkness across the road. The smaller ran to Dael and hugged him. "Oh, Dael," Kar said. "it was so awful!"
"I know." he replied. "Let's talk about it after we get out of here. I'm so glad to see that you are all right." With that he handed her the reins of the horse, holding the bridle while she mounted.
Jaes mounted then said, "I don't think we should take the road. We are bound to be hunted after tonight, Little Brother. I had to kill a guard; rather I did kill one unfortunately. We had better go back into the forest and stay out of sight.
Jaes turned his horse and headed back the very way they had come. Dael and Kar followed, disappearing into the darkness of the woods while the sky still glowed red behind them.
The Climb
"But," said Kar after she had heard Dael's story, "you didn't intend to shoot Tul. It was an accident. Don't feel too bad about it, because after all, he was probably involved in the burning and killing somehow. He was in there with the soldiers and all."
"I've told myself that over and over. But I don't know that for certain, Kar. Anyway, it could have been anyone who stepped into the path of that arrow, someone who was innocent. The fact remains someone was killed because of what I did, someone other than the one I tried to kill. And it could have been anyone. I'm not saying I was wrong to attack that officer, or right. The fact is, I don't know right now. There is war between us. But, however that may be, it was definitely wrong to try to do it in the way that I did."
Kar said in a low voice, "Dael, you wouldn't think that if you had seen what they did to our parents." There was a pause then she said, I did. They never had a chance." There were sobs. "It wasn't war...it was murder!"
No one said anything for several minutes. Finally Jaes stopped them by the bank of a small stream that ran down from the hills ahead. He seemed caught up in thought for a while, and then he turned to the others.
"We need to take more care, I think. We are going to be followed after what Dael has told us. So let's make it as hard as possible for them to do this. We are going to need all the time we can gain."
He led his horse into the center of the stream then turned and urged it upstream. The others followed. It was not easy; their horses did not want to walk in the water, but in the end the riders had their way. They followed this stream for a couple of miles until Jaes led them out of it on to a rocky outcropping. Keeping to the hard rock, he turned east. When this gave way to softer ground, they again urged their mounts to as fast a pace as they dared set in the forest at night.
When at last they stopped Dael asked, "Jaes, you seem to be taking us back the way we came. I thought we were going to go west to White River, then up into the mountains that way?"
Jaes stared ahead into the darkness as if trying to see the cliffs somewhere ahead. He spoke slowly, "We do not dare do that now, Little Brother. You have not taken thought about what they are going to do."
"But should they care that much about old Tul to try very hard to catch us, or even about the one guard you killed? It will be a lot of trouble to track us. I should think they would simply let us go, declare us outlaws and put a price on our heads. I would not, if I were their leader, try to follow us with the head start that we have."
"It is not what you did or I did, Dael," said Jaes. "I don't think they would pursue us either if it were just that. It is what you know and now what we know. You overheard a plan to attack Sakol secretly. They cannot afford to let that secret out. That is why they did what they did in the valley. They want no witnesses at all. Sakol has watchers everywhere. And our valley has or had a great many Sakol sympathizers who would certainly try to warn Sakol if they saw a large army headed toward the Citadel. But now all that they will probably think is Kaltan raided the valley for some reason, such as back taxes. They will not like it, but it will not warn them about the attack planned upon them. But Kaltan has to stop us now, or their whole plan may be ruined as they see it. They will not be able to try it again. Don't you see, Dael, they have to stop us. And you can bet they are after us right now."
"But, Jaes, they do not know I overheard that conversation!" Dael objected.
"Don't be too sure." Jaes replied. "Your attack followed too closely after their little talk. They will connect these events. They will have to assume you overheard it; they cannot afford to do otherwise."
Kar spoke. "But why the cliffs, Jaes? Can we find a way up? And won't they just follow us that way as well?"
Dael laughed. "There are ways up, but none of them easy! There are none you can take a horse up and only one is near here, the way we came down, Donlin's Ascent. But if Jaes is thinking on going up that way, I'd rather fight the soldiers!"
"You'll have to if we do not get up it!" Jaes said. "Remember too, there are a lot more soldiers, some even back here. Now we know where all those soldiers are going and why. Donlin's is the only way!"
"But, Jaes, even if we get up the crevice, have you thought about the tunnel? I'm sure that cave will be occupied in the day!"
Kar interrupted her brothers. "What are you two talking about? What are Donlin's Ascent, the crevice, and this cave?"
Jaes turned to Kar. "I'll answer your questions, Sis, and then we'll leave the choice up to you. Donlin's Ascent is perhaps the most difficult way up or down the cliffs anyone has ever found short of attempting the sheer face of the cliff itself. It is certainly the most dangerous and going up is as three times as hard as coming down. First, you must climb a rock face about two hundred feet. Next, there's the crevice. It is a vertical crack in the face of the cliff. It is only about two or three feet wide, but extends upward another one hundred seventy feet or so. Once you reach the top of this, there is a narrow self or ledge to crawl along. This ends abruptly and one must swing across a twenty or thirty foot chasm to another narrow ledge. Finally, there is a tunnel leading up to the top."
Kar eyes grew larger. "You two came down that way! I think this Donlin must have been a little crazy to find this way!"
"Wait," said Jaes, "the worst part is yet to come unfortunately. We are very certain there is a forest demon using this cave. We came down at night and it was out hunting, but in the daylight when we would be going up, it will be in the cave."
"A forest demon!" gasped Kar. "How can we go that way?"
Jaes chuckled. "I would not dare attempt the cave, Little Sister. I, too, would rather fight the soldiers than go after a forest demon in a cave where I couldn't see and had to crawl on all fours! But there is another way up from the ledge other than the cave."
"Another?" said Dael. "There's no other way up!"
"Yes, there is." Jaes smiled. "I tossed it over to you myself right before I crawled down through the cave."
"The rope!" Of course, I forgot about that!" cried Dael.
"It should still be there." Jaes went on. "You and I can climb it, then we'll pull Kar up. But we shall leave the decision up to you, Kar. Are you willing to try? I know it will be hard, very hard, but it is our best chance to escape. These woods are full of soldiers. I'm certain they will have sent troops back down the River Road in both directions. They'll catch us eventually if we stay here below."
Kar thought for several minutes before she answered. At last she said, "I saw what they did to Mom and Dad, and the others. They'll do worse to us if they find us. It's no choice. We may die trying to get up the cliffs, but we'll certainly die if we stay here. Let's go up."
They moved onward, hoping desperately they would not run into any patrols. They did not. Soon the ground became rough and broken. It was slow going guiding the horses toward the cliffs in the darkness. These were not like the sure-footed pack horses used by Jaes and Dael in their hunting. With these in many places they found it necessary to dismount and lead them. But at last they reached their destination, the lower part of Donlin's Ascent. The fallen section of the cliff leaned upward at a difficult angle. Climbing down this was dangerous; climbing back up would prove both dangerous and difficult.
They unsaddled and unbridled the horses. The equipment was hidden out of sight under some rocks and the horses were allowed to go free. They did keep the extra blankets, putting them in their packs as they prepared to climb.
Dawn of the third day was just coming and in the half-light all looked gray. Above them the massive cliffs loomed. Jaes was impatient to start, but he knew they must have the light of day to make this climb. So they rested, trying to regain every scrap of strength they had, until the sun's rays caused the cliff tops to come alive. They dared wait no longer.
Jaes used the light rope they had to link themselves together, with himself leading and Dael bringing up the rear. As he checked to make sure it was secure, he instructed Kar concerning the climb.
"First, Sis, whatever you do, do not look down. A person falls because he is worrying so much about being up high he forgets to think about what he is doing. Just concentrate on what you are doing where you are; that is the secret."
"As we climb this part, I'll go up first. After I stop and brace myself then you come up. I'll help you as much as I can by pulling and telling you where to put your hands and feet. After you stop, Dael will climb. We do it that way so if one falls, the others will be ready to catch him. If you knock a rock loose, say 'rock!' But don't shout. We do not know who might be within earshot. If you hear me say it, then duck. Now do you have any questions, Sis?"
Kar asked, "What about that crevice?"
"It's a little different, but we'll worry about it when we get there. I'm starting up."
Jaes started to climb. The first fifty feet of this part of the climb was the steepest and most difficult. He made his way up about twenty or thirty feet then, finding solid footing, he braced himself and said, "Alright, Kar, now your turn. Take it slow and easy. First reach above you with your right hand, you'll find a crack. Yes, that's it! Now step high with your left foot. No, not there! A little more to your right. Yes! Now pull up. That's good!"
Jaes continued to guide and direct his sister upward. Once her footing slipped, but Jaes was ready keeping the safety line taut, and she quickly recovered. When she reached a point just below Jaes, she stopped and clung tightly to the handholds she had found while Dael climbed to join them.
Then Jaes, when Dael and Kar had braced themselves, began his assent upward again. Once more he found a place to stop and guided Kar upward to be followed by Dael. They continued this pattern until Jaes had reached the top of this fallen rock.
He climbed over the edge to the top and wrapped the safety line securely around the boulder. Then he disappeared from view for a moment as he examined the terrain below. He soon reappeared leaning over the edge. He motioned for Dael and Kar to be quiet, then for Kar to start upward. He said nothing, but continually motioned for silence. Jaes kept the safety line tight until Kar reached the top then he reached down, grabbed her arms and pulled her over.
Dael was almost to the top himself when he heard voices below. Looking down, he saw a party of soldiers coming around the base of the fallen rock they were climbing. They were on foot leading a horse and talking very loudly. Dael instinctively froze, but when he saw his brother frantically motioning him to climb, he quickly yet carefully, so as not to dislodge a rock or stone, climbed the last few feet and rolled over to lie flat on the top with Jaes and Kar.
Jaes whispered, "That's the horse I was riding! But they do not seem to be looking for its rider."
From the conversation they could hear it seemed that the soldiers thought the horse to have strayed from its owner. They had recognized it as a Kaltan mount. But instead of planning to report it, they were discussing how they could sell it, laughing at the trouble they thought some unlucky Kaltan officer would have for allowing his horse to stray.
"That was close!" breathed Dael under his breath.
"Too close!" echoed Jaes. "They will be back here as soon as they realize it was stolen. And if they find one of the others before then, they will become suspicious. We have to start climbing just as soon as they are out of sight!"
Minutes later they prepared to tackle the crevice. The rope they had used to descend was still there, the lower tip of which was some sixty to seventy feet above their heads. Jaes undid their safety line then retied it with Dael in the center and Kar last.
Then he said to her, "This is really no harder than what we just did, only different. I'll go up first and this time Dael will follow. Once we get up and brace ourselves we'll pull you up. We'll lift you a little way then you can brace yourself in the crevice by putting your back to one wall and pushing with your legs against the other. That will give us a chance to rest and regrip the rope, and then we'll pull again. And that, dear Sister, is how we'll work you up this crevice. Now again, do not look down, just concentrate on what you are doing! Understand?"
"I do, Jaes. We'll make it." smiled Kar.
Giving her arm a squeeze, Jaes checked once more for signs of soldiers below. Then satisfied it was safe, he stood up and went to the crack in the cliff wall. Looking for faint footholds, he braced his arms on one side and stepped up on the other. Then he raised himself and planted one foot higher and found a higher grip with his hands. He slowly inched his way upward in this manner. It was slow going, but eventually he reached a place where he could brace himself. Next, Dael started up slowly making his way to a position just below Jaes.
Then began the work. Although their sister was slender and weighed a little more than one hundred pounds, it was difficult and exhausting work for both of them. At last Kar was a few feet below them.
"Can you hold there for a while, Sis?" Jaes asked.
"Yes, it's not hard. There's a good foothold; in fact I'm almost standing. I can hold." she replied.
Jaes began his ascent again. When he was braced Dael followed. Finally, Jaes reached the end of the rope dangling above. Using this to pull himself upward, he quickly ascended another five feet where he braced himself between the walls and tied himself to this other rope. At last he motioned for Dael to start upward.
Since he had the safety line with which to climb, Dael went up quickly. When he was within a few feet of Jaes, his brother said, "Let me get a little higher then we can both tie ourselves to the rope."
He moved up another five feet and Dael followed. They attached themselves to the main rope and rested briefly. Both of them were breathing faster; their arms, legs, and backs hurt from the pressure they had to exert to keep themselves wedged between the walls of the crevice. After catching their breath, they signaled Kar to get ready.
Soon she was just beneath them. While Dael stayed with her, Jaes untied himself from the heavier line and climbed upward a few feet. Bracing, himself he pulled Kar up to where Dael waited who then tied the heavier rope around her and untied himself.
The two brothers then began the long climb upward. They were tired and their muscles ached, but with several rests they made it and were finally resting on the small ledge. For about fifteen minutes they just lay there. At last Jaes spoke.
"Little Brother, it's time we had our sister join us." Jaes motioned to Kar that they were ready and then began to pull. It was easier pulling her upward standing on the ledge, than it had been when they were bracing themselves in the crevice, but it was still exhausting work.
Dael muttered, "She gets heavier the higher we go!"
Jaes laughed, "Maybe she is collecting rocks and bringing them all up with her."
Again it was done and at last the three were standing together on the narrow ledge. "You both came down this at night! It's unbelievable!" said Kar after she looked down at the ground far below them.
Dael groaned. "It's more unbelievable we got you up here! What have you been eating? I think you must have gained fifty pounds since you left the ground."
Jaes whispered, "Save your energy, Little Brother, the hardest is yet to come." He nodded at the sheer cliff above them.
They rested for half an hour then Jaes stirred. He turned to Dael. "I'll go first again. You anchor the main rope from below so that it won't swing too much. Most of the way it will be all rope work because of the undercut here. That'll be the hardest. When I get my feet on the rock again I'll be almost there."
As he spoke, he began coiling the safety line which he had carefully knotted every four feet or so. "I'll loop this around the rope when I get up there and tie it off above. You'll have to get up to it since it will not reach all the way down, but once you reach it should make things a little easier. Tie Kar as I showed you, before you start your climb; she will be your anchor. Good luck, Dael, and be careful."
Jaes started up. He climbed slowly, gripping the rope tightly with his feet as well as his hands. After climbing about fifty feet, he wrapped the rope several times about his leg. Reaching down with one hand, he grasped the rope swinging underneath him and by using his teeth and free hand he made a large loop. Then he lowered himself and placed his feet in the loop taking the strain off his arms and legs. After he rested a while, he began to climb again. As Dael and Kar watched, Jaes worked his way upward climbing, resting, and climbing again. Time seemed to slow down, but finally Jaes reached a point where he could touch the cliff. Soon he was out of sight. But before he left their field of vision, he looped the knotted rope around the one he was climbing playing it out behind him.
Minutes passed. More minutes. At last after what seemed like hours, the knotted line was tossed over. It slipped down the main line, but then caught on one of the loops Jaes had made. Dael shook the rope until it slipped and dropped free.
"It would help." Dael thought, "but it is a long way up to it. Well, Jaes had made the hardest climb!"
Taking the main line, he tied the loops and made the sling as Jaes had shown him. Kar climbed into it and Dael made it secure.
Then giving her a kiss on the cheek, he took the rope in hand and began climbing as Jaes had done earlier.
He rested when he reached the first loop about twenty feet below the end of the knotted rope. It was all too short a rest, and then he was climbing once more. His arms and legs ached, but there was nothing to do but to go on. And so he went on.
When he reached the knotted rope, he rested again before using it. It did make climbing easier, but now his strength was almost gone! "One knot at a time. Just climb to the next one," he thought. Finally he reached the rock. A few minutes later he was finding footholds and handholds. But now his legs were beginning to shake. "Push down with the feet one more time!" he told himself. "Get to the next ledge then rest! Just three more feet!" And on he went.
Suddenly arms reached down and grabbed him. They were his brother's arms! And then he was on top! All he could do was lie there and breathe, even that hurt.
Jaes grinned at him and said, "Nice work, Little Brother. But if you want to know, I thought I was going to die too. Are you ready to pull our sister up?"
Dael groaned and rolled over. Yet twenty minutes later, he was helping Jaes pull Kar up. This time, however, they looped the rope around a large tree and could rest whenever they needed. At last all three were lying on top of the cliffs.
Jaes, who was searching the ground below exclaimed, "We made it just in time! Look!"
As they watched a group of men came up over the rough ground at some distance from the foot of the cliffs. All of them were uniformed except one dressed in the brown and gray garb of a hunter.
"A scout." Jaes muttered. "They've got themselves a scout! That's our trail they, or rather he, is following. Well, that is about all the rest we get. They will be coming up here as fast as they can. It will take them a while, of course, since we will not be thoughtful enough to leave them our ropes, but they will come. They are going to have to use the cave after they bridge that gap there. They will probably haul some trees up for that. But once they try the cave they are going to get a real nasty surprise, I hope!"
Moglor
The officer whom Dael had tried to kill at Traveler's Inn was indeed, no fool. Captain Moglor's first thought was neither of Tul's death nor his own narrow escape, these were relatively unimportant, instead he wondered how this young man had known he was responsible for the attack on the valley. He was under no illusion that the arrow was aimed at Tul for his treachery, even though he was a traitor. Old Tul had thought this young boy was talking to him, accusing him of murdering his parents. But Moglor had seen Dael's eyes on him and knew beyond a doubt the arrow had from the start been aimed directly at him. Tul had stepped into the path of the arrow meant for Moglor and had paid for this mistake with his life.
"Just as well, " thought the captain to himself, "I would have had to have him killed anyway. This has saved me the trouble. But how did that boy know that it was I?" I was not there when my force attacked the valley. No one really knows I gave those orders except the commander of this garrison. The only conversation I've had with anyone about it was with this dead fool's son earlier tonight. Yes, that must be it! He must have overheard our conversation."
His face took on a frown as he realized he had also spoken of the attack on Sakol. Someone else now knew the secret and he would have to be eliminated.
Just then a soldier rushed in to report the stables on fire and that the attacker had ridden away down the road to the east.
"Forget the fire! Get the horses and go after him. He must be captured or killed!" Moglor stated sharply.
After the soldier left, he sat there a few minutes reviewing what had occurred and what he had said to Tul's son earlier. Then he rose from where he was seated and walked to the door. The soldier who had left with Moglor's last orders returned and almost ran into him in the doorway.
"Sir, " he stammered, "the horses have been run off and all the gear is burning!"
Moglor thought for a moment. "Very well, gather the horses as fast as you can. Also confiscate any equipment you can find in the village. I'm going back to the compound. Report to me as soon as you are ready to ride."
"What about the fire, Sir, and him?" The soldier pointed to the body on the floor.
"Let the villagers worry about them!"
Moglor was not quite to the military compound when another soldier coming from it stopped and reported. "The commander wishes to see you immediately, Sir."
Moglor nodded and went directly to the building the aging commanded used as an office. He entered and stood there.
The commander stood up. "Captain Moglor, one of my men has been killed guarding your prisoners. As far as we can determine, one prisoner has escaped. Now I hear of a fire and a villager being murdered. I'm not sure what all this means; they may or may not be connected. I do not know. My orders were to run this garrison in the usual manner, doing nothing out of the ordinary, and to assist you in any way that I can. However, you have been trouble from the moment you set foot on this compound. You have ordered my troops into the valley against my wishes, and are, in some way, no doubt, to be blamed for what has happened here tonight. Therefore, until what I find out what is going on, I am relieving you of command. That is all, Captain."
Captain Moglor smiled. He had never liked this old officer and had wanted to have him replaced from the very beginning. But, in order to keep up appearances of business as usual, he had been pressured by his superiors to work with him under his command. But Moglor had planned for such a contingency as this. Now he set that plan in action.
"Commander, it is you who are replaced, I'm afraid." With that Moglor produced from his pocket a small pouch. He handed this to the commander whose face showed no sign of emotion. The commander opened the pouch, read the contents of the document he found enclosed, then handed it back to Moglor. His face seemed to have aged years in the last few seconds.
In a voice that sounded almost broken, he said, "I see. It appears that you are in charge. Therefore, I leave it to you now. However, I'll make arrangements in the morning to have all this checked and verified. I will find out what is going on! Realize this, Captain Moglor, that independent action by Kaltan officers is extremely discouraged and is often viewed as rebellious, an attempt to carry out a coup against the king. Orders can be forged and these seem very suspicious. I will indeed check this all out. You can be assured of that. Now if you will excuse me, Captain!"
Moglor put the pouch away. Then he turned and looked out the door to the red glow. "Commander, you will continue in your post here as usual, in line with our original arrangement. You will not question my actions again nor try to hinder me in what I am doing. No one is to know I am in authority or of the document I have shown you. Those are my orders. You may certainly verify it through your sources if you so wish."
The old commander's eyes hardened at Moglor's words. He nodded his head and hissed, "Yes, Captain, I do so wish!"
As the old man turned to leave Moglor asked, "Commander, when was that guard killed?"
As he left the old man replied without turning, "Immediately after the fire was discovered, Captain."
For a few minutes Moglor stood in thought. It seemed very clear to him that the fire and the escape were connected. The fire was certainly a diversion. The attacker at the inn had delayed long enough to start it and, by the way it had caught so quickly, had probably spent some effort getting it ready. While it would serve to delay pursuit, such a delay would not be worth all that effort, especially since it was night. Therefore, it had to have been started for another reason, the escape attempt!
Moglor summoned a soldier who was standing guard outside. "I've been ordered to investigate the fire and escape. Send a detail to find Bor l'Tul and bring him here. Tell him someone has murdered his father at the inn tonight. Then bring me the two other guards who were watching the prisoners. I assume they have been confined?"
"Yes, Sir, they have been confined at the docks." the soldier answered.
Moglor nodded. "That's all. Be quick about it."
A short time later two soldiers, hands bound behind them in leather cuffs, stood before Moglor. "You have been charged with failure to carry out your duty due to negligence, resulting in the death of a fellow soldier. The commander's orders are for me to investigate this matter thoroughly before he decides your case. I am to report to him tonight. Do you realize the consequences of your charges, if they are proven?"
There were mumbled replies of "Yes, Sir."
"I trust you both do. Your lives are in the balance right now." Moglor continued. "Did either of you see who killed your fellow guard?"
Both men shook their heads.
Moglor frowned. "You will answer; yes, Sir, or no, Sir, clearly and plainly! Now I repeat, did either of you see who it was that committed this murder?"
This time both answer, "No, Sir."
"Who discovered the escape and the murder?" asked Moglor.
One soldier answered, "I did, Sir."
"Will you please explain the circumstances, soldier."
"We were watching the fire, Sir, from the east side of the dock area. The prisoners are kept, you know, Sir, on the west side. Walan, the one killed, Sir, was inside the tent so we did not think there would be any harm in watching for a few minutes. Several minutes later I went back so Walan could see. I found him lying outside the tent with a crossbow bolt in his throat. We immediately checked the prisoners and found one missing, Sir."
Moglor replied, "No one saw anything of who might have done this?"
"No, Sir, no one saw anything."
Moglor sighed. "Very well, that is all. Take these men back to the docks. The commander will give his decision later, but I will do for you what I can."
Moglor turned to the soldier now in charge of the prisoners. "Do you know which prisoner escaped?"
"Yes, Sir." the soldier replied. "It was Kar l'Keel, a young girl, one of those we took for sale downriver."
"Thank you." Moglor said dismissing him.
Minutes later there was a knock on the door and a voice said, "Bor l'Tul is here, Sir."
"Send him in, then make sure no comes near the building." Moglor said. "Post guards around the building, twenty feet away from it. This will be a confidential inquiry."
The door opened and a villager entered the room. He was large, heavily built, dressed in hunter's garb and wore a look of hardness.
Moglor said, "Sit down, Bor. You do know your father is dead." This was more a statement than a question.
Bor just grunted in response.
"Do you know who did it?" Moglor continued.
"No, I understand no one at the inn recognized the one who did it." Bor responded.
Moglor went on. "There was a murder and an escape at the compound tonight. A Kar l'Keel escaped. Do you know her?"
"Yes, I know of her. She lives or lived in the west end of the valley, daughter of Keel, the wife of Tor."
"Do you know of anyone who would help her escape?"
"She has two brothers, if they were not killed by your soldiers. They would probably try, if they were alive." Bor said.
"I have reason to think they are." Moglor said standing up. "Your father's murder and this escape are connected. There were at least two people involved, one here and the other at the inn who set the fire. The one who rescued the girl used a crossbow, the one who killed your father, a short bow."
"Those are her brothers!" shouted Bor jumping up. "The older, Jaes, uses a crossbow and the other would use a bow." He started toward the door.
"Sit down!" commanded Moglor.
"I'm not one of your soldiers you can command!" Bor said loudly.
"You are not one of my soldiers; that is so, but you will obey my commands." Moglor stated coldly "If you do not, it will be known shortly you betrayed the valley, then you life will be forfeit. Besides, I will not hesitate to have you killed myself at a moment's notice. And, Bor, it is to your advantage to do what I tell you to do. You want those two, so do I. You see, Bor, one of them, the one who uses the short bow, overheard our conversation at the inn. He knows the secret and, now, no doubt, so do the others. Therefore, they must die. And you, Bor, will find them for me. Your brother is away and is not available to track them for me, but you can. And you will, Bor! You will track them and find them before they can reach the enemy. When you find them you can kill them at your leisure in any way you wish. But they must die. Do you understand me?"
"I understand and I will find them." Bor said in his harsh voice.
"Good! You can begin tonight. The one who killed your father was last seen riding east down the river road. But it is certain they did not go that way."
"Why not?" Bor cried. "It's the road back to the valley."
"Because," said Moglor, "at the same time that one was riding east, the other was murdering a guard and freeing a prisoner. They would certainly go together. He rode off that way to cause us to think they all went east. No, they did not come down that road to get here; it is too well guarded. In all likelihood they are not foolish enough to try to return that way! Therefore, you will take a squad of men and start at the prison tent. See if you can pick up their trail there."
"But it's dark!" protested Bor.
"Then take torches with you, you fool! We have no time to waste. If they escape, Bor, I promise you will pay. Now go!" Moglor sat back down. Bor hesitated then turned and left.
After Bor had left, Moglor made arrangements to have a squad sent with the scout. Then, dismissing the guards, he left the building for the area where the two soldiers were being confined. He took a round about way there, making sure he was not seen.
There was one guard on duty, but Moglor sent him away on the pretext of further questioning the prisoners. Approaching one of the men, he unfastened his bonds and led him some distance away from the other prisoner.
"Do you wish to live?" he asked.
"Yes, Sir, I do, Sir." the frightened man replied.
"There is a way, Soldier," Moglor stated, "but you will have to do something hard. The commander just received my report, but he said you both were to be executed in the morning. He will not change his mind. I tried. I do not mind telling you I disagree with his decision. You two were not at fault. The security arrangements were inadequate; no matter whether you went to see the fire or not, the intruders could have gotten in and killed someone. There could have easily been three dead soldiers instead of one. Your actions, in fact, saved your lives. The real fault was the inadequate security and this was the commander's responsibility, not yours. This was all in my report of course."
Moglor watched the man's face. Hope seemed to grow. He paused to let what he was saying sink in, then he said, "But unfortunately, he will never send that report. He'll destroy it. You will be blamed and executed in the morning. It's murder, that's what it is!"
The man's face dropped.
Moglor then said, "There is a way. It's dangerous, but if you are willing I'll be on your side."
The man looked up. "What is it, Sir?"
"If the commander were to have an accident or if he were to be killed by an unknown assailant, then this report would be sent in and you would be cleared of any fault. Of course, there would have to be an inquiry into the commander's death; but, as I would be in charge of that, I do not think it would go too far. No one here, I assure you, will grieve at his loss!"
Moglor paused again to let the implications of his words settle in, then he added, "There is no other place to run, remember that. I wish there were for your sake. I can do my part, but it is up to you to do yours. If you want to live, there is no other way."
He led the man back to the post to which he had been tied. He put the cuffs back on his wrists, but refastened them only loosely. A smile crossed his face as he walked slowly back to the old office.
A mounted squad of men was waiting when he returned. Bor was just returning with torches.
He reported, "One man was responsible for the girl's escape. He and the girl left heading west. I would guess they would try to make their way down to White River and then back up to the valley or the mountains. We're on our way now to follow them."
Moglor nodded and continued on his way. He had more plans to set in action. He was not at all sure Bor would catch these three. He was a capable tracker, all right, although his brother was far better. But Bor was not one to spend a lot of his time thinking, it was not his strong point. Moglor said under his breath as he considered these facts, "Those two who killed old Tul, the guard and escaped with the girl! Now they showed ability and skill! They did think. Bor will indeed be hard pressed to catch them!"
Moglor was not about to place all his hopes on Bor. He had other means and options. He must get to work on these immediately. He would not fail. Even if these three did escape Bor and head towards Sakol with news of the attack, Kaltan could still win.
Decisions
The detail assigned to Bor left, moving off in the torchlight. Before he could consider what to do to ensure the three fugitives would be caught, there was one more loose end that had to be tied off tonight. Moglor called for the lieutenant of his personal guard.
As an officer of the rank of captain, he was entitled to such a guard and he had hand picked these. They were ruthless, violent men, whose loyalty was to him alone. They obey his orders, any orders, explicitly and without question. Mulk, his lieutenant in charge, had been with him several years, held in his service by the lure of gain and the threat of blackmail.
"I have a personal job for you and two men, Mulk." Moglor said when Mulk appeared. "It seems that one of the two guards, imprisoned for failure in that escape tonight, is going to try to kill our commander tonight. You must make sure that he succeeds. Then he will himself be killed by you and your men, which I am posting to protect our dear commander. There were two witnesses that I had a second conversation with that unfortunate soldier, the other man bound with him and the guard assigned to watch them. I believe you can arrange it so it will appear as if the prisoner freed himself, killed the guard then his fellow prisoner before he left to go after the commander. There will be no one else at the docks tonight since I've ordered the prisoners moved. I've also put the area off limits to all other personnel. You will, of course, report to me immediately upon discovering the death of our commander. And he must be dead, Mulk."
Mulk grinned and left.
"That takes care of that detail." Moglor said half aloud. "He would have investigated that secret order I showed him, unfortunately for him. He should have never made that threat."
Moglor knew his forgery would not stand up upon investigation, but now it was not necessary for, as the next ranking officer, he would take over command until someone else could be sent out here. That would give him enough time to carry out his plans without interference.
Now he began to consider his next move. Should he send for Shul, Bor's brother, tonight or not? Bor would probably not catch these two woodsmen and their sister; he had come to this conclusion during his conversation with Bor. But it would not harm his cause to let Bor pursue them; indeed, he might even get lucky. The three were headed west, that was a sure guess. There seemed little doubt they would go down to White River then east maybe into their little valley. If they did then decide to warn Sakol which Moglor doubted, they would have to come back down to the plains and the River Road unless they knew the secret route over the top. It was all but certain they did not know that.
Moglor spent several minutes weighing the possibilities. Finally he decided to send an order to Shul, who would be at Meadow Flats in the valley, to take as many men as he needed, cross the valley to the western ridge and track these fugitives down, if they came back that way. Yet since it would take them at least two days to reach their valley by White River, he could wait to do this in the morning.
Moglor then reflected upon this decision. It seemed correct, and yet, there was something that troubled him. It were as if he were missing something, some fact that was present, but one which he had not yet seen. "Well," he said again to himself, as he often did on these occasions, "it will come to me in due time. But, as added insurance against whatever it is that is bothering me about this, I'll send Shul the hounds." Moglor laughed out loud as he thought about this last item. "That will teach Shul a needed lesson as well, I think. He is under the impression I need him to follow a trail. This ought to show him he is not as indispensable as he thinks he is. And it will certainly insure that these three will be caught and killed." Moglor laughed again and then left to turn in for the night. He felt better now that he had decided to send the hounds. Whatever was troubling him was not that bad, it had almost gone. Almost, but not quite.
Later that evening it was reported to Moglor that the garrison commander had been murdered. This was not announced publicly until that morning. With the compound assembled, the details were reported to the garrison.
The commander had been murdered, it was said, by one of their own, a soldier who had escaped from imprisonment. It was thought this soldier had cooperated with enemies in the escape of a prisoner earlier and was also suspected in the fire and murder of a townsman. He had somehow freed himself from his bonds, overpowered and killed the guard placed upon him, and then killed a fellow soldier imprisoned with him using the guard's knife. He then went to the commander's quarters in town and stabbed him to death. But he was seen coming out of the commander's quarters and killed by the personal guard of Captain Moglor, who had sent this guard being concerned for the commander's personal safety after the events earlier in the day. The investigation was held and this account was entered into the official records.
Captain Moglor formally took command. As his first official act, he ordered a Kaltan force readied to pursue three fugitives suspected in the murder of a civilian, the burning of the inn, the escape of a Kaltan prisoner, and involvement in the murder of the late commander. Only four men knew the supposedly guilty soldier was killed one hour before the death of the commander by Moglor's personal guard when he tried to cross the river wishing only to escape with his life.
It was only after these events, much later in the morning, that Moglor finally sent his message to Shul. This slight delay proved to be a deciding factor in the outcome of many things. Had he acted immediately the night before, the course of history might well have taken a different route to its inevitable end. But so it often is that small decisions have profound effects. In thinking the three fugitives he pursued were only then on their roundabout way toward the valley they called home, not knowing that even as he spoke to the courier of the message to be sent to Shul the three were resting atop the cliffs, Moglor had given Jaes, Dael, and Kar the head start they needed.
It was not until much later that afternoon that Moglor realized his mistake, when a report was received from the detail assigned to Bor. The fugitives had scaled the Barrier Cliffs and were even then in the valley. Bor was proceeding to take his men up the cliffs and planned to pursue them on foot when he reached the top.
Moglor knew then what it was that was bothering him, the one detail he had overlooked that was now painfully clear. The two brothers had not taken the main road out of the valley upon discovering the slaughter of its inhabitants, yet they had arrived soon after his own troops had reported back. They could not have come by way of White River for that would have taken a much greater period of time. Hence they had to come by another way, a way down over the Barrier Cliffs. And if they had come down it, they could go back up the same way.
Moglor cursed himself for not seeing this. He bitterly cursed Bor for not immediately reporting these three were headed to the cliffs and not west down toward White River. Then he quickly sent a second message to Shul or his officer in charge of the valley. Shul was to be found and ordered to proceed to the area where the three had ascended. There was no time to waste now; they must find these fugitives! Moglor next placed the compound under the command of another officer loyal to himself then left to join his forces in the valley. As he rode swiftly toward the outpost that had secretly been set up, the sun set coloring the sky with its touch.
Although their pursuers had reached the base of the cliffs, Jaes, Dael, and Kar did not immediately leave. Both brothers needed a short rest before they set off. They also realized it would be some time before those below could even begin to scale the cliffs. But they could not wait too long. When at last Jaes stirred, he said, "I guess it is time we left. Are you ready, Sis?"
Kar laughed, "I'm not at all tired. That cliff was easy enough. All you need is two brothers to pull you up."
They crawled back away from the edge then slipped into the forest. As they were about to start Jaes hesitated. "Just a moment." he said as he took off his pack and disappeared among the trees. A few minutes later he reappeared grinning. "We are in lick. I just crept up to the tunnel and does it ever smell of forest demon. The old lady is definitely at home."
So they left following the same trail the brothers had taken earlier down to the cliffs. They moved quickly without trying to cover their trail. Jaes had suggested if someone wanted to follow their trail, it might be wise to give them a good one to follow, at least for now.
As they walked, Dael's strength seemed to grow. He was back in the forest that he knew and loved. This was as much home to him as any cabin. The trees here were mostly pines with a few other varieties scattered in here and there. The path wound its way upward toward the ridge, in places running through open areas. These were not grassy meadows, but places that had burned over one especially dry summer of many fires a few years back. The brush was tall here; the pines had not yet taken over to tower above the other growth.
Again he listened to the forest. It reassured him all was normal, that there was no danger near to them.
After a while they rested and ate a little of the provisions left to them. As they sat there with their backs to a rock, Dael asked, "Jaes, you haven't told me what happened when you rescued Kar."
Jaes frowned. "No, I haven't, Little Brother. I suppose it's because I am not to proud of it."
Kar looked up sharply, her face questioning. She was about to speak when Jaes held up his hand.
"Just a minute, Sis. Let me explain. There were three guards, not two as I thought. Two were posted outside the tent, another was inside with the prisoners."
Kar added, "He was no gentleman either!"
"Anyway," Jaes went on, "when the fire started the two outside ran to the east end to get a better view, as we figured they would. After they left I came out down by the river near the docks. I was approaching the tent when the third guard came out of it with Kar. I suppose he took each of them one at a time down to the river to bathe and such. He did not see me at first. My plan was, right then at least, to wait until he passed and knock him unconscious. It would have been easy enough to do, but when I saw how roughly and rudely he was treating Kar, I lost my head and put a bolt through his throat. He dropped without a sound and we managed to slip away without being seen. What does not set right with me is I did not give him a chance. He never saw me."
Again Kar spoke. "I would have done it, Jaes, the first chance I had. He deserved it so do not feel guilty!"
"Guilty or not, whether he deserved it or not is not the point, Sis." Jaes replied. "I'm sure he was guilty and did deserve death. But I took a man's life when it was not necessary; and I did it in anger, not in a fight for my own life. That is why, deep down inside, I know it was not right. I could have rescued you without killing him. I should have."
"But I didn't and I'm not going to try to justify it. Now, don't worry, Dear Sister!" he added with a grin, "I'm not about to let it ruin the rest of my life. It was wrong, but now it's over and I'm sorry. I've learned something, but the hunt goes on. It doesn't stop because you've missed one shot. We have to live now, which brings us to a decision we are going to have to make. Where are we going to go and what are we going to do now?"
"We cannot go back home. There is no home left, besides, we are all posted by now, and they will be sure to look for us in the valley. The whole valley will be closed to us now; there will be soldiers throughout it. So what do you two think?"
There was silence, and then Kar spoke, her voice soft and quiet. "I know we can't go back, Jaes. In fact, I do not want to see what is left of our old home again. It would only remind me of what happened there. We could always go west to White River and make a life there for ourselves, or we might go south a little higher up in the mountains here. Is there a way over these mountains? If there is, is it too late in the fall to try to attempt to cross them? What is on the southern side of this range? If we stay hidden for some time at least they are bound to forget about after all is said and done, I should think. But yet..." Here she paused for a few seconds. "Oh, I don't know! Yet somehow I think we should try to warn Sakol about Kaltan's attack. Now you two will, no doubt, tell me that's not our fight. I know it isn't, but I could not stand to think they were butchered as we were here in our valley because I, or we, did not warn them and could have."
Kar was silent looking at Jaes waiting for his rebuke. But he said nothing, instead he looked at Dael.
Dael asked, "Are we going to vote on what all of us are going to do? Does it have to be something we all agree on? Who decides?"
Jaes thought for a moment. "By right of the eldest, I suppose I could decide for us all, although I do not begin to think I could convince you my way is best if you happened to disagree. Nor do I think I could force you to come with me. Besides which, I do not even want to decide for you. If we stay together, now at least, we will be safer and have the best chance of surviving. If we can all decide or agree upon one course of action, that would be best. So your voices are as good as mine in this."
"As for crossing these mountains, I don't remember anyone who has done it or even tried recently. I certainly do not know of any path that will take us over them. It's now fall and up there and the snow is already drifting up. In many places it never disappears. If it were summer, I'm sure we could find a way over them, if there is one, and we do not know if that is the case. That also would assume we had enough time to do so, and right now we have very little time. Attempting that route is really not an option we have, Little Sister."
"What's on the southern side? I don't know. You've heard the stories we were told as children about the monsters over the mountains that would get us if we did not obey. While I do not really believe those stories there is something over there that makes me a bit apprehensive. I think, even if it were now the summer and we had the time and we knew the path, I would want to go that way. What do you say, Dael?"
Dael replied slowly, "I really have not given much thought to it. I was more intent on just getting Kar out and us away from our pursuers. But I would like to have the chance to fight Kaltan. I'm angry. I still feel there is an account I have to settle with them. I do not want to fight by myself, but with others who feel as I do. There is no one left here in the valley to fight with me. There is in Sakol, and I do agree with Kar; I would not want to see them wiped out as our valley was, not if I could help it!" He looked at Jaes. "You are going to tell me that I'm crazy and not thinking straight. I know it!"
Jaes stood up and walked away from them. "You're right," he said, "you both are crazy! Do you know how far away Sakol is? The gates to that kingdom are over one hundred miles due east of here. And that's only if you go in a straight line, which you can't. There are two uncrossable mountain ranges you have to go around, not to mention a whole Kaltan army that will be looking for you. You're right! I think that is crazy!"
Kar hung her head and Dael shifted his feet uncomfortably.
Jaes went on, "You are crazy to even think about it. To head west would be the sensible thing. Honestly, I would prefer to do just that, to go build a new home for us all as far away from this war and killing as I could get."
Then he turned to face them. "But I guess the right thing to do is often crazy. I know it is often the thing we do not wish to do. We were crazy to go down and come back up the cliffs. So I think we will have to go on being a bit crazy a little longer! And I, too, would like to see Kaltan defeated, although there is not much chance of that now. But Sakol can continue to stand against them if we help and maybe someday, who knows, they will be driven out of our mountains."
Dael spoke, "So we've settled then on our destination, Sakol. But how do we get there? The only way I've ever heard about of getting there is by the River Road. That way is down not up. And as you have pointed out, it will certainly be filled with Kaltan troops looking for us. So how do we get through them?"
Jaes replied, "I think there must be another way, up through the mountains. It's probably a difficult way, but not impossible. Kaltan was planning on taking troops up over it into Sakol, so it can not be too hard for us."
Kar asked, "Why do you think that? A secret attack could be from the plains too, couldn't it?"
Dael answered, "Jaes is likely right, Kar, about another route. You can attack Sakol from the plain, but not secretly. The Sakol kingdom is centered in what they call the Citadel. It's a valley more protected than ours. Mountains surround it completely and the only opening is a very narrow canyon with sheer sides. There is a river that flows through it, swiftly I'm told. They have built a wall and fortress across the canyon and the place is unassailable from the front. A small band of men could hold off an army. Whenever Kaltan has attacked, Sakol has retreated into that valley. There they can grow the food they need, at least enough to survive on, so a siege is useless. Kaltan has tried it before, but Sakol waits until winter then raids and harasses the Kaltan troops until they pull out."
They have lookouts posted all down through the lands outside the Citadel, even here in our valley, and no Kaltan force has ever approached unseen. You cannot sneak an army up to attack. A surprise attack against the front door is impossible. So it has to come another way. They have probably found a back door and hope to take a small force into it. If they can get into the valley and gain control of the main gates, they could conceivably hold out until the main army marches up to the front. Then it's all over for Sakol."
Jaes nodded. "You're using that head of yours now, Little Brother. The question is, where is this back way?"
"But," said Kar, "if we do not know where it is, how can we go that way?"
Jaes shrugged. "All we can do is try." Then he laughed. "Kar, for brothers you have probably the two best trackers and hunters in this valley. We don't know where it is, but then we've never looked for it. If it is there, we'll find it."
An hour later they were walking again. They crossed the ridge and warily approached the cave where the brothers had left the horses. But no one had disturbed them. They had been left with plenty of fodder and there was water in the cave. Dael led them out into the sunlight to graze while they made up their packs. They fitted Kar with a makeshift pack and a second bow that Dael carried with his hunting gear. They then led the horses to the path that wound its way down into the valley. There they let them go.
Just as Dael suspected, they moved down the trail. They had traveled that way so often in the past that they knew it without being led and needed no urging to head homeward. The three had discussed what they should do with the horses, for they knew they could not take them into the mountains. Jaes had planned to take a route that a horse could not travel in order to insure that anyone who might trail them would also be forced to do it on foot. Dael, as they had talked of where to leave the packhorses, suggested that they simple let them return to what had been home.
He remembered one hunting trip he had taken by himself. He had tied them outside this cave only to wake up in the morning to find them gone. The branch to which he had tied them had broken during the night. He returned home, expecting the worse from his father, only to find the horses had beaten him there.
"They'll go home," Dael said, "and leave a nice trail for anyone whose following us to see. Someone will find a use for them I'm sure."
Their plan was to go back along the trail along the ridge then turn south and cross the western end of the valley, trying to avoid being seen by any who might be in the valley now. It was not difficult to travel here for the trail was level and easy to follow. They backtracked along the ridge for about three miles, and then stopped. Jaes looked carefully around, then moved to a large flat rock that sat just off the trail. He leaped to the top of it and said to Kar, "Here, take my hand and jump!"
She did this and joined Jaes on top. Dael followed their example and carefully climbed up to join them. Then he turned and studied the ground he had just left. Satisfied, he said, "We're clear, Jaes."
Kar looked a bit puzzled so Jaes explained. "We don't want to leave any sign of leaving the trail here. That's another reason we could not bring the horses. We can pass through and leave few signs, but the horses, I'm afraid, would leave a trail a blind man could follow. Dael was checking the path below. There is no sign to tell anyone we came up here, but there are plenty of signs that seem to indicate we went on down the path. In fact, Dael and I were making sure by deliberately walking off the path, disturbing stones, breaking plants and such. If anyone does come up the cliff, they'll follow the horses that way instead of us."
Kar said, "I don't know if I can walk without leaving a trail?"
Dael was quick to reply. "We'll take care of that and you will learn as you go along. You'll do fine."
"Your first lesson is this," said Jaes, "feet do not usually leave prints on rock. But avoid stopping on the moss on the rock or in loose sandy areas. Try to step on the solid rock alone and not disturb any loose stones. A stone moved out of its place is a dead giveaway."
"But it will take forever to go anywhere, if I'm to be that careful!" she said.
"We won't be this careful all the time, " Dael said, "only in places where they are sure to look. We will be especially careful, however, the next few hundred yards. If they cannot find where we left the trail, they may never be able to pick it up again. In any case, it will slow them down more than it will slow us down."
Jaes said, "Just step as we tell you right now. We will relax in a bit. Now we are going to walk along this rock down to that tree." He pointed to a pine at the far end of the rock.
They walked to the far end and stepped off into the pine straw taking care not to stir it up. It sprang back after they had passed and showed little sign of their boots. So on they went, slowly winding here and there to avoid places which would show signs of their passing. After a time they walked faster taking less care than in the beginning, yet, nevertheless, even then only a careful tracker would have noticed the evidence of their passing.
That night they camped about ten miles from the cave. Since it had been a hard day and no one had slept the night before, no one argued when Jaes called an early halt. They stopped well before sunset in an area well known to both Jaes and Dael. Here they found well-dried Kalpar wood, a non-resinous wood which burned with little scent and, if dry, no smoke. Jaes had managed to shoot a rabbit before they stopped. This provided them with food. After they ate, they made sure the fire was out and its ashes covered. Then they rolled up in their blankets while the sky slowly lost its last tints of color and Daggeth's fires began to burn brightly in the sky above.
The Western Meadows
On the fourth day the weather changed. Dael was awakened in the morning hours before dawn by Jaes. "It is going to get wet in a short while, Little Brother." he said, nodding at the eastern sky. The grasping arms of Daggeth had been blotted out as by a blanket in that direction while to the west they were still visible. Dael tested the breeze. It was not strong, but it was there; and it carried with it the hint of rain, not the violent sudden rain of a summer storm, but the light, continuing rain that fall brought. Dael frowned; he did not enjoy the thought of having to walk in the rain. It would slow them down. It would also be very uncomfortable.
He groaned and said, "That's all we need now, but there's nothing to be done for it, I guess. Thanks Jaes." He rolled out of his blanket and stood up. His muscles were bruised and stiff. His feet hurt and he was quite hungry. In the darkness he gathered his things while Jaes, who had awaked Kar, was explaining to her that they needed to pack their things now to keep them dry from the expected rain. While they always kept their bows well oiled this rain could easily soak them and damage them. Thus they carried light oilskin wrappings that they used when they were forced to be out in the rain. They checked their weapons wrapping them carefully. Then they made sure the rest of the gear in their packs was protected as best could be.
As they made ready to leave, Dael brought up a subject they had debated previously concerning the route they would take. Dael favored a faster route across the Western Meadows, saving as much time as possible while Jaes wanted to be more careful and take a route with more cover lest they be discovered. "Do we go around the Western Meadows or across them?" This was the large rich tract of land lying at the western end of the valley. It was not heavily farmed of late, for only a few people lived here. There were several farms, but much of it was still forested, not with the pines abundant on the lower slopes of the rugged mountains, but with a variety of hardwoods. These were just beginning to show traces of color as fall crept down the slopes from the mountains above.
Jaes spent a moment in thought. "Last night you know I had thought to go around. It would be too easy to be seen there. But with the rain that's coming, it might be the thing to do. It will save us some distance and time as you have said." He paused then asked Dael, "Have you the same mind on this still?"
Dael answered slowly, "Let's try it. The rain will cover our trail much better so there is no need to stay to the higher ground for that. There is still a lot of cover, even in the meadows. Many of the abandoned farms have overgrown. With the distance saved, we can try for the cave at Willow Falls. At least we could be dry there."
"But what about breakfast?" Kar interjected. "Can't we eat before we go? We could have a small fire now before it starts to rain."
Jaes shook his head. "Sorry, Little Sister, we do not dare start one now. It is still dark and we could be easily seen by any watchers. They have had plenty of time to get up to the valley by now. Beside we do not have anything to cook. There will be some berries and fruit on the way. When we get to the cave, we'll provide a nice hot meal. And, besides, I believe it will do you good to skip breakfast, judging from the way my arms hurt now after hauling you up that cliff. You seem to have gained..." He did not finish the statement because of a pinecone that came flying at him!
Before they left, Jaes and Dael covered traces of their stay as best they could, fluffing up the pine straw they had matted down when they slept, covering the ground itself with leaves, and brushing out all the tracks they could find. "The rain will cover the rest." Jaes finally said.
This began just as they started walking. It was very light and sporadic at first, but gradually increased until it became a steady drizzle. The sky remained darkened. The hills and trees disappeared in the grayness around them. They kept to a southerly course avoiding the open areas whenever it was possible. The rain slowed their walking. They were uncomfortable yet did not complain about the fact that they were cold and wet through and through.
The rain did wash away all signs they had passed. It not only reduced vision but hearing as well. The damp leaves and plants did not rustle when stepped upon and the steady patter of raindrops on leaves, branches and ground covered any sounds they make.
So they went onward. Twice, they stopped to pick some berries and once, for a ripe fruit tree. Jaes cautioned them not to drop the seeds on the path they followed but to hold on to them until they reached the cave. "No sense in leaving any traces someone might happen upon later." he said.
They were well out in the meadows when they reached the largest of the open areas. Dael had taken the lead for a while, Jaes dropped back behind Kar. This area did have several farms or did have. Although they expected them to be burned and empty, they still took no chances. The direction Dael had taken would take them well west of these farms.
Eventually Dael reached a stream. This was one of the larger ones that ran slowly through the meadows winding its way eventually down to Snowy River. He followed the bank southwest, going upstream until he found a fallen tree across it. This, Dael judged by the wear on it, was a popular crossing for man and animal alike in these parts. Even though it was quite slippery in the rain, the trunk was large enough not to be too much of a problem.
When he reached the other side he carefully scanned the terrain ahead. It seemed clear although he could not see too far ahead, for there was a lot of brush blocking his vision. Hearing Jaes and Kar, he went back to wait for them. Jaes was leading Kar across the fallen log, steadying her. Twice she almost fell, but her brother's strong grip kept her from falling into the stream. Just as they reached the bank Dael turned. He thought he heard something. He motioned to Jaes and Kar to be quiet, and then approached the brush ahead. There was no doubt now, voices! He moved to where he could see beyond it. The rain had increased and it was more difficult to see. But, yes, it was from that direction he now faced that the voices were coming. Suddenly shapes appeared, three, four, five and then more. Soldiers! And they were coming straight toward him. Moving carefully, but swiftly, Dael ran back to the others.
"Soldiers, headed this way" We've got to get out of sight! He whispered."
"Do we have enough time to cross back across the stream?" Jaes asked.
"No, I don't think so." Dael replied as he looked for cover. The voices of the soldiers were much louder now.
"Quick! Over the bank!" Jaes said pushing Kar toward the stream bank. He looked over it. Then choosing a spot about fifty feet away from the fallen tree bridge, he carefully slid over the bank. It was somewhat undercut at this point. Jaes sank to his waist in the water and reeds. He motioned to Kar to come down, and helped her to slide down as Dael followed their lead. Just as they disappeared over the edge the first soldier came through the brush.
The brothers and their sister moved back pushing hard against the bank. Holding their gear just out of the water they crouched down as far as they could hoping the water reeds that grew thick here and the rain would hide them from the eyes and ears of the soldiers.
The voices grew louder as the Kaltan troops approached. But, although they could clearly hear them now over the rain, they could not understand what was being said. "It's Kaltan." Dael thought to himself. "That's strange, they usually speak the common tongue."
The group of soldiers stopped on the bank by the tree bridge. There was a brief conversation as if one man were issuing orders. Then a soldier appeared in sight on the tree crossing the stream. Another followed, another, and another. Dael counted sixteen men who crossed. They continued on their way on the far side. Luckily, they did not follow the stream upstream, but set off across the meadows.
Jaes held up a hand cautioning Dael and Kar to be still. He pointed to the bank above and held up two fingers. Dael listened carefully. Yes, there were some soldiers still there. He had been so intent on the group that crossed he had not been aware of the sounds nearby. There was a voice that spoke and a harsh grunt followed in response.
Jaes leaned close to Dael's ear. "They've left at least two men, probably guards or something. We've got to get out of here. If any of them come back across we shall be seen for certain. The only way is to move slowly upstream until we can get up the bank without being seen."
Dael nodded in agreement. "How close do you think they are to the bank?" he asked in a whisper.
"They sound as if they are back a ways, but it is hard to tell from where we are. Move as close as you can to the bank slowly, very slowly. Avoid the dead reeds."
With that Jaes began to move inch by inch to his left upstream. He had to move out around the reeds they were in going ever so slowly. There was little noise and, what there was, was covered by the rain falling around them. The reeds were wet and did not rustle.
After about a quarter of an hour, they were far enough away to move more swiftly. Soon they found a place where they could easily climb out. They were wet, muddy and cold, but they had managed to keep most of their gear out of the water. Jaes took the lead this time. Now they kept almost entirely to the brush and tree covered areas, not trusting the open areas at all.
Twice more to their chagrin, they saw soldiers in the meadows, once it was an encampment of twenty or more. Each time, however, they were well concealed and slipped by without being seen.
It was in the late afternoon when they finally reached the slopes of Snowy Mountain. They had only managed to come about twenty miles as the crow flies, but by the paths they had taken trying to stay hidden it had been considerably farther. The meadows lay behind them and the land began to climb steeply. They were ascending the base of Snowy Mountain, one of the massive and rugged peaks of the Southern Range. Their purpose, however, was not to scale this mountain, but only to climb until they reached their destination, the caverns which lay beneath its surface.
These had never been systematically explored by any, and very little was known about them. They were huge and vast, interconnected with other cave systems in the area. One entrance to these was at Willow Falls. The stream they were now following had its beginnings somewhere in the depths of the earth under Snowy Mountain. It sprang into the light of day from a small inconspicuous looking cave low on the slopes of the mountain. If one waded into this cave, stooping to get through the low opening, he would find that the passage soon widened. Then one could leave the water to walk on the dry floor of the cave.
Jaes approached the cave alone while Dael waited with Kar. Dael had his bow out of its protective wrappings and was ready with an arrow on the string. Jaes, who had his crossbow cocked and loaded, carefully entered the narrow opening. He was gone for several minutes then reappeared. He waved for them to join him. Walking in the streambed as they had been doing for the last few miles in order not to leave a trail, they entered the cave. Soon they were taking their packs off and resting on the cave floor.
"It sure is dark in here." Kar said.
"It's darker than it usually is," replied Dael, "but that's because it's darker outside due to the rain clouds. But there is firewood farther back in the cave; we stored it the last time we were in here, so we'll have light when we start it, that is, if someone else has not used it. We can warm up too. I'm cold."
"I'm not as cold as I was." Kar answered. "Did you notice that the water seemed warmer in the stream?"
"Yes, it is. This stream has several different springs back in the cave. One of them is a warm spring. It is the only one I know of around here. It makes the water warmer than the other streams. But you cannot tell the difference too far downstream, since the water quickly cools off, but in here there's quite a difference. In the winter, it is interesting because the snow melts away from the banks right outside the cave. The stream doesn't freeze over right here either. A lot of animals come here to drink. That's one reason why Jaes and I know of it."
"How many others know?"
"A few maybe," Dael said. "Just hunters and such, and not many of those hunt up this way. There is plenty to hunt on the Barrier Mountains and on the Western Ridge. This is much more rugged terrain, so few come here. There are also those old stories about strange creatures coming up out of the mountain's depths. Those monsters that supposedly live south of the mountains are reputed to come here through these caves. Jaes and I have never found any trace of anyone else in here. Even animals seldom come in here because of the water in the entrance. But, Sis, if you sense anyone or anything here, you will let us know, won't you." Dael winked at Kar as he said this.
Just then Jaes, who had disappeared in the darkness when they had stopped to take off their packs, returned. He had a torch made of oil soaked rags. Taking a tinderbox from his pack, he quickly had it lit.
Picking up their packs, they proceeded back into the cave. The passage was wide and high, with many stalactites hanging from the roof of the cave, glistening in the torchlight. Finally the stream branched. They followed the smaller tributary across the wide hall into its own passage. This led into a large room. Along one side they found a stack of firewood and dry grass.
Dael built a fire and soon they began to dry out. "We promised you a feast, Sis," said Jaes, "so I guess we had better go get it. It will take us a while, so if you want to wash, take the torch and go back another hundred yards or so. You'll find a nice warm pool."
"Won't you need a light?" she asked.
"We have some candles. We'll not need more than that."
Jaes and Dael lit a candle apiece and went back to the main hall while Kar took the torch and went to bathe. The brothers reached the place where the streams branched and here they turned and followed the larger one. Finally, they found a large pool adjoined by a smaller one off to one side. Jaes waded into the larger pool on one side, Dael on the other. They splashed and hit the water as they waded across toward the opening to the smaller pool. Soon it became apparent that there were fish in the smaller pool having been herded there by the brothers. These fish were cavefish, small blind fish that were only found in these caves. Jaes quickly knelt in the shallow water where the pools joined while Dael waded into the smaller pool and began trying to catch these fish. Soon he had a dozen of them.
Then both brothers proceeded to clean and skin these cave fish. They were very careful to remove the entrails completely and intact. These and the skin, they knew, contained a substance which caused a deep sleep in those unfortunate enough to eat them, man and beast alike. They had to discard one fish in which Dael found the entrails ruptured. The toxin could have spread into the flesh itself. They carefully cleaned their knives and left the remains of the fish on the rock. In a day, if left exposed to the air, they would be safe enough to throw back into the water, but until then they did not want to ruin their water supply.
Kar took out a blanket from her pack and the torch then started back into the passage indicated by here brothers. She could hear them at first but soon the sounds they made faded. All she could hear was the sounds of the water in the stream flowing. The passage turned and rose but there did not appear to be any other branches. Soon she found the pool. The water was warm but not hot. She wedged the torch between two rocks, set down her blanket and waded in. She washed herself then the garments she had worn for several days now. As she was doing this something began to change. It was faint, but she sensed that something was there, was watching her.
She stopped working on her garments and was very still. Listening intently. But there was no sound except the gentle flowing of the water into the pool. Looking around she could see nothing out of the ordinary. Yet there were many dark shadows that flickered and moved in the torchlight. She waited a few more minutes. As she did the feeling slowly faded.
She wondered, "Was I imagining this because of what Dael had said to her? Was her imagination conjuring up the feeling of being watched?" She waited very still for several more minutes, but the feeling was gone. She knew she was now alone in the passage. The torch was beginning to burn low so she finished cleaning her garments and left the pool.
When they returned Kar was seated by the fire wrapped in a blanket. Her clothes were spread out to dry before the fire. "I washed them, too. They were dirtier than I. And you both are going to wash yours, or I am for you, right after we eat. You'll smell a little better at least."
Jaes looked at Dael who shrugged. He said with a grin, "I suppose we might be able to just force ourselves to do that."
After they ate, first Dael, then Jaes bathed and wrapped themselves in a blanket. Kar washed out their clothing and spread it out to dry. They built up the fire then, wrapped in blankets, they went to sleep on piles of dried grass.
Kaltan Hounds
Shul stood on the cliffs in the early hours before dawn. The sun's rays would not rise and touch the lands below this day. Clouds carried by an eastern wind that announced impending rain would cover the sun. The hounds, which were being rushed up here by wagon, would not arrive in time even to give them just a start on the trail.
He cursed, then still looking out over the valley below he motioned for the Kaltan officer assigned him by Moglor to approach. The man stepped forward carrying a torch.
Shul turned and looked at the ground. This was where they had come up. The signs were all around, Jaes, his brother Dael, and their sister Kar. He wanted to find them and he wanted it badly. Dael had killed his father. Moglor was there and had told him how it had happened, how Dael had stepped into the room, taken aim, and killed his father without giving him a chance to defend himself. They were also responsible for his brother Bor's death. True, Bor should never have entered that cave. Even a fool could smell the odor of wood demon. But Bor was never very bright. Yet they had tricked him into going in that cave and for that he, Shul, would see each of them killed.
Shul said to the Kaltan officer, "Leave one of your detail here. The rest will come with us." 
"But don't you want to wait for the hounds? If this is where they came up we need to scent them. They will follow the trail much faster than we can."
Shul replied, "No sense in waiting here for the hounds. Look at the clouds covering the sky even now. Rain's coming. It'll be here before the hounds and wash away the scent."
"These two think they are very good in the wild, do they? I'll teach them a lesson." Shul continued more to himself than the officer. "They can catch up with us."
They left one man to wait for the hounds and began to follow the trail left by the three. It was clear and evident. 
As they started Shul pointed out the signs of the fugitive's trail. "You can see," he said to the officer, "they are making no effort to hide where they are going. In fact it is too plain. But there's nothing to do except follow it right now." This they began to do as the rain began to slowly fall "Besides, I know the path and where it is leading."
This was confirmed when they reached the cave and found the fugitives had indeed used it. Shul himself had stayed there on a few occasions, although he had not hunted much in the past few years. Packhorses, at least two, had been stabled here recently. Now he had to decide where they would go from here. Any scent left in the open would be soon washed into the soil by the rain. Trying to scent the hounds in the cave itself could be difficult since there might be any number of animal scents in it. The packhorses, which had been kept there, would probably be what the hounds would fix upon if they tried that. Since Shul did not know if they used the horses or went another way on foot he did not want to do that lest he follow a false trail. The horses he determined headed in the direction the cabin, or what would be left of it. But did the three go that way themselves? Tracks would be hard to find on the rocky soil around the cave. Since Shul knew his chances of guessing right were small at this point, he decided to wait in the comfort of the cave until the hounds arrived.
Morning was almost past before they came. By then he had decided upon his plan of action. He would signal several squads of men into the western meadows and ridge. They would not be able read a trail or see signs on the ground. But then these three probably would leave few even for him to see and the rain would obliterate most of these.
He would take the hounds and go back down to where Jaes and Dael's home once stood. This was the least likely route they would take, but it had to be considered. The fact that it was not very likely might even make it just the one way they would take.
He did not expect he would find them, but, even if he did not, he could find something there in order to scent the hounds. Then he could run a sweep with the hounds south across the valley and up into the mountains after the rain stopped. He would try to cross their trail at a fresh point. And if he did, he would have them.
Shul directed a message to be sent to the troops quartered in the meadows to send out patrols to search and watch for three fugitives or anyone crossing the meadows. The possibility was good that they might try to cross them in an attempt to reach the mountains. There was a lot of open land and a good possibility they could be seen if they went that way. Another message was sent to Moglor with details of what had occurred and what he had ordered. The lack of sunshine would not allow the use of the mirrors to send the message, but flags would take it down to Rivervillage fast enough.
With this done, Shul left for the ruins of the cabin belonging to the three. It was late in the afternoon when he arrived. His men and horses were worn out, but the hounds carried by the wagon were still fresh.
The packhorses were found and, when Shul examined them, he knew that the three had probably not come this way. They carried no equipment nor was there any sign they had done so. Shul knew then the three had released the horses to return home while they themselves had gone another way on foot.
The scent of the three around the house he knew would be old. No doubt the brothers had been here after the raid. Shul was now certain they had gone southwest from Donlin's Ascent and would pass to the west of the village and their old cabin. It would be a waste of time to search between the cabin and the village. It was dark before they had several old possessions and implements that had not burned by which they could scent the hounds. In torchlight Shul ordered this done. He did not get close, but watched from a respectable distance as the handlers and trainers took them from their cages. Kaltan hounds were known to turn on those who handled them or those nearby.
They were as large as the snow wolves that roamed the upper slopes of the Southern Mountains, but here the resemblance ended. Mammalian they were, four-footed carnivores. Their color was that of the brown and gray wasteland to which they were native. The hair that grew long and matted on their bodies ended at their necks. From this point, a tough thick leathery hide covered the rest of the neck and head. This was scale-like in form and gave their heads a lizard-like appearance.
Their rear legs were quite a bit larger than their front. When they walked about they looked somewhat awkward, but when they ran these legs allowed them great speed in long bounding strides. This speed could be maintained for a long period of time.
These rear legs also proved to be their favorite weapons for their paws were also equipped with long retractable claws. The smaller curved claws on their front legs were used to hold the prey while their rear legs slashed at it. While Kaltan hounds have a mouthful of formidable fangs, they prefer to dispatch their victims with strong kicks of their hind legs.
They were called the silent killers, for they have no vocal cords. On the hunt they make no sound, but at other times they hiss, wheeze and grunt.
They are well known for their superior sense of smell and their tenacious ability to track down prey. One trait they have others do not, they remember a scent long after being given it. A week after being scented they will still recognize it if they cross the trail.
Those that use Kaltan hounds do not normally follow the hounds when they are on the scent because of their speed and silence. Rather, they allow the hounds to track, make their kill and return as they are trained to do. Then they leash them and allow them to return to their kill to feed.
The hounds were never used on quarry that is to be captured. They are used only on those marked for death.
Shul had seen the hounds in action once before. A Sakol scout had stumbled upon them while he was taking Moglor up to the hidden entrance into that kingdom. Moglor had used the hounds then and Shul had seen the result of their work. He only hoped he could be there when they found the three fugitives.
The handlers had leashed the hounds, they would only be unleashed if they crossed the scent. Now they were ready to be scented. Shul knew this would be done several times during the night before they proceeded south. If those three had come this way the hounds would find them.
Night Visitor
Kar awakened Dael with a nudge. "Dael?" she whispered. He was immediately awake in the darkness. The fire had burned low, not an ember visible in the pitch blackness of the cave.
"Yes?" he answered.
"There's something in here with us." she said in a low voice that quivered.
"How do you know? Did you hear it?"
"No, I just woke up a few minutes ago. I didn't hear anything. Dael, but I know there is something in here, close by, and it's watching us. I can feel it."
Dael remained quiet and in the stillness, he listened. There was the gentle noise of the water flowing in the cave, the sounds of dripping moisture, but Dael could detect nothing unusual. Yet as he sat there, he too felt it. It was ever so faint, but he felt it. He did not often ignore his hunter's instincts and right now they were disturbed. Whether this was because there was indeed something close by or because he had picked up the suggestion from Kar he did not know. He reached out and touched Jaes. Jaes was awake in an instant.
"I think we may have a visitor," Dael whispered. Can you reach your crossbow? My bow is too far away."
"Yes, but I don't think it would do much good unless I knew where whatever it is you think is here, is?"
"I'll light the torch," Dael replied. "You get ready."
Dael heard Jaes moving in the darkness as he reached out and felt for the torch that he had soaked in oil before he lay down to sleep. He found it and rolled over toward the remains of the fire. He stirred the embers with the handle of the torch; a few red coals gleamed in the darkness. Placing the torch against one, he blew upon it. It glowed brighter, and then a small flame appeared on the torch. It slowly grew and, as it did, they could begin to see around them.
Jaes had cocked his weapon and was kneeling ready to fire. Kar was behind him. Dael looked around. There was no sign of anyone except themselves. Dael stood up wrapped in the blanket and Jaes joined him. They walked back down the tunnel, then up it. Nothing!
Finally they walked back to Kar. Dael was speaking as they approached.
"Maybe I was imagining it. Kar said something was there and with the darkness, it is easy for your imagination to run wild."
"It was not my imagination!" said Kar. "I know there was something there. But when you were trying to light the torch, it left. I felt it go. That way!" She pointed down the tunnel leading deeper into the mountain back past the place where they had bathed.
Jaes said, "Don't doubt her, Little Brother. She could always tell when someone was coming to visit, you know. I'll take a closer look. Now, if I'm not wrong, it is getting to be dawn. Build up the fire. We'll eat, pack up and get ready to go."
Dael built up the fire while Kar went to dress in the now dry clothes. Jaes went back down the tunnel. He reappeared a few minutes later and beckoned for Dael to join him.
They went back down to the pool in which they had bathed. He pointed to the rock on the far side. Dael could see in the torch light wet spots on the rock. "Tracks!" he exclaimed. They walked around and examined them more closely. It was difficult to tell, but Dael could see a large animal made them.
"Sula?" he asked.
Jaes nodded. "Probably. The water does not leave a good print in the rough rock, but they are the right general size and shape. What else do you know that would be in here?"
"Nothing, except a wood demon, and it was certainly not that!"
Jaes agreed, then he said, "They are solitary cats and this was a single animal. It probably came in another way and followed the smoke down here to investigate. I would have liked to have seen this one. It was huge. Well, let's go tell Kar she was right."
When Kar found out there had been an animal she grinned and said, "I knew I was right." When she found out it was a six hundred pound sula cat, the grin disappeared. She decided it was time to leave right then.
Dael burst into laughter when she told him this. When he could finally speak, he said, "You needn't worry about this cat. They are quite large and dangerous, and they are meat eaters. But I have never heard of one attacking a person unless provoked. To my knowledge, at least, we've not done that. They are very strange animals, very shy and quiet. It is unusual even to see one. It is a wonder that this one would even choose to come down here to investigate us. They usually avoid people whenever possible. But we do not have to worry about it attacking us, Kar"
"But it is still in here, back there. And you said animals did not come in here." she protested.
Jaes replied, "We said they normally do not come in through the water. But it does sometimes happen. Those that do do not venture in very far because they, like us, cannot see in the blackness of the cave. A few animals though, bats and these cats, somehow do not need light as we do to see where they are going. However, this cat did not come the entrance we used. It is probably gone now anyway; it's not back there now. There are probably a good number of ways into this cave, I would think, although we have never gone exploring for them. The smoke from the fire drifts back that way. This means there is at least one other way in. I suspect the cat smelled us, maybe before we bathed." he added with a grin. "Or it smelled the smoke from our fire and came down to see since it was dark. But it would not have bothered us. We could not catch it now, if we tried. And I personally do not want to try that!"
They ate and packed their gear. The weather had turned cooler, but the sky was clear and bright. It would be a nice day to travel. The three would have enjoyed it were they not being pursued. But they were. And this knowledge weighed down upon them. Both Dael and Jaes knew there would be search parties out looking for them. Hopefully the rain of yesterday had covered their trail. If they could avoid being seen, there was a good possibility the soldiers would never find them. They were at the foot of Snowy Mountain, high enough to be above the floor of the valley. The terrain was rough, the mountain slope, steep. However, this did not prove to be too great a difficulty since they were now headed southeast across the slope along a game trail the brothers knew well. There was a lot of cover and they kept to most of it.
As they traveled they decided it would be best not to stay in a tight group. Either Dael or Jaes would proceed ahead about a quarter or half a mile while the other would come along with Kar. She was picking up the skill of traveling, but they still needed to watch to make sure no obvious signs were left.
On one stretch when Dael was back with Kar, she asked him, "Neither of you were at all worried about being in the cave with the cat, yet Jaes said he'd rather face the soldiers than the wood demon in the other cave. Why are some animals dangerous and others are not?"
Dael answered, "Make no mistake, both of these animals, the forest demon and the sula cat, are dangerous. But some you have to worry about more than others. Animals are as different as people. Some act one way, others, another. Even animals of the same kind are different among themselves. You just have to learn each one. Sula cats are as deadly as wood demons. But they are not aggressive. They would rather avoid a fight than anything. But wood demons, now, I don't know about them. They seem as if they have an eternal grudge against anything that lives. That is just the way they are. But what makes them that way, I don't know."
"I never knew there was so much to being a hunter," said Kar.
They walked on in silence for a while in the early morning sun, listening to the birds and other creatures around them. Finally Kar spoke once more. "What is going to happen to us? I mean, if we do escape and get to Sakol. A week ago we had a home and family. You and Jaes would go on being the hunters for the village. I would have helped mom and dad for a while, then probably have married. We had a place to go, people to count on, and a future to look forward to. But that's all gone now. The whole valley is gone. What is going to happen to us?"
For a while Dael did not answer. Then he shook his head and said, "Sis, I don't know. I guess I haven't thought about that. All I wanted to do at first was rescue you and get away. And I wanted to fight Kaltan. I told you and Jaes that the other day. I'm not so sure now I want to fight anyone. Killing one man was enough; I do not want to do it again. I will fight if I have too, but not out of revenge anymore. The one goal I have now is to get to Sakol and warn them so the same thing does not happen to them as did to us. Beyond that, I have not really thought it out."
"But we still have each other. We are a family still. Wherever we go, we will have to stick together. Jaes would probably tell you to wait until you get there then you'll find out. But he does think about things more than you would imagine. I was ready to rush off down the road after you when I found out they took you. He was the one who planned out what we had to do."
"Do we have any idea where we are going?" Kar asked. "I know we are going to Sakol, but how are we going to find the way there?"
"That's not as hard as it seems." Dael replied. "Jaes and I know these mountains here. We've hunted and trapped the Snowy River valley and the Gold River valley quite a bit. We agree the way into Sakol is not through these valleys up into the mountains. The route has to be up the Younger Twin River valley to the high country. The Knife's Edge Range, which separates the two Twins, is too difficult. You can climb it, Jaes says, but you'd never lead an army, even a small one, up and over it. If Kaltan tried to bring an army up the Elder Twin River valley, they would be spotted for sure by Sakol scouts. So it has to be up the Younger Twin until you reach the high country, then across the plateau to the Citadel Mountains. Those are the mountains that surround Sakol. There is one place where there is a cut in them or at least they are a little lower. The pass we are looking for into their land almost certainly has to be somewhere there. That is where we are going."
"But we are not headed up, are we?" Kar asked. "I thought we should be climbing up the mountains."
"We'll get all the climbing we want!" Dael replied. "But now we are headed toward the Younger Twin River. To get there we have to cross Snowy River, go through the valley, cross Gold River at the fords and get through Younger Twin Pass. If they think we are headed toward Sakol, those will be closely guarded."
"Can't we go around? Surely you and Jaes can find another way through the mountains."
"I'm sure we could. But it would be a very hard one. The eastern cliffs would be very difficult. We would have to find a way up, we do know of one now. Then we would still have to come back down Gold River. South of the fords, the river runs through over fifty miles of sheer canyons. There are only a few places to cross."
They continued to talk about their journey as they walked. Dael explained to Kar what their way would be like, how they would get through the pass and what they would meet climbing up Younger Twin Valley. It was a little later that they came upon Jaes sitting by a large boulder.
"It's about time you two caught up," he said. "I've been waiting for half an hour. Take a rest."
They took off their packs and sat down beside him.
Dael leaned back and said, "I'm glad we finally caught up with you as well. Kar has been plying me with questions about Sakol. I've told her all I know which didn't take too long. What can you tell her?"
"What do you want to know about Sakol?" he asked Kar.
Kar replied, "Well, I've learned it's in a valley surrounded by extremely high mountains. There is one well guarded entrance, except for this other way we are looking to find. I've gathered that they have some kind of army since they fight against Kaltan and have managed to defend themselves so far. But what kind of people live there? Do they have a king, governor or what? How do they live? What do they do? Are they like us?"
"I confess that I do not know much about the people." Jaes said. "You'll have to wait and find out when you get there."
Both Dael and Kar burst out in laughter interrupting him. When she could speak Kar said, "Dael said you'd say that."
Jaes looked at Dael who shrugged, then he continued. "As I was saying..." Again he looked at Dael. "...I do not really know much about the people. Sakol is much like this valley; they farm, hunt, and fish. There is a big lake in the middle of the valley."
The leader, whatever they call him, is chosen, so I've heard, by the local authorities or something like that. He acts as the overall military commander for the valley."
"The old stories, of course, say Sakol was the original home of our race. After the world was born amid fire, thunder and blinding light, it in turn gave birth to mankind from the womb deep within itself. Sakol is the place, or so it is said, where we emerged and where the laws were given to men."
Both Dael and Kar knew the old stories and legends of the world's beginning, although neither was inclined to take them too seriously. They had also heard that the guardians of the Old Ways knew where the laws were inscribed. If you became an initiate into the Old Way, you would gain the right to see the original laws written in stone.
Again neither took these stories to be factual. Dael himself did not doubt that somewhere the laws were inscribed in stone, done somewhere just to show to their followers. He did not believe, however, they were written at the world's beginning as a code for mankind to live by. Many of these laws were very good laws, laws that any good moral person would ascribe to. Man must not enslave man. There were laws against stealing, murder, lying, cheating, and so forth. These provided the necessary framework for a society to function.
Other laws, however, seemed to him to be arbitrary and silly. Man must not make machines. Man must not mine the depths of the earth. Man must not use metals. Some of these seemed unnecessary, especially those about metals. Everyone knew you could not easily nor safely use them in any case. He and Jaes had spent a lot of time arguing and discussing these points. Even though he did not always obey these other laws, Jaes had always maintained there must be a reason or a purpose in them. Even though we might not understand what this reason might be, it is still best to obey them. Dael, on the other hand, felt that since they were a product of human minds, there might or might not be a purpose.
Kar asked, "Are there many followers of the Old Way there?" I don't really think I'd like to get mixed up with a bunch of fanatics who won't even wear cloth made on a loom."
Jaes responded, "There are some, I'm sure. After all, that is their most sacred location, the very center of their beliefs. But how many are there? Who knows? I do not believe they run the valley or make its policy, Little Sister. If they did, Kaltan would have overrun them long ago. Those people will not use a bow or a spear to defend themselves. They count them as machines and are forbidden by the law to use them. Since Sakol has managed to stay free and defend itself in battle, we can expect that a large part of the people are as normal as you or I. Not many really believe all the old stories, although most observe the laws in general. After all, they are generally good laws, aren't they?"
Kar agreed with Jaes on this.
Finally Dael said, "If our discussion of the Law and the Old Ways is over, I think we'd best be on our way. Jaes, I'll take the lead. Where are we planning on stopping for the night, the Overlook?"
"Seems as good as any, Little Brother. We can get a view of the valley from there. It's sheltered and it is easy to slip away if anyone comes along. There is really no sense in trying to reach the Snowy today. I'll let you get a start, and then Kar and I will follow. Let's take the upper trail when we get to the stream ahead. There is more cover and it is a little easier walking. By the way, get us a rabbit or two for dinner, will you?
Dael nodded in agreement and left them sitting by the rock.
The Overlook
Shul awoke soon after light began creeping up from the horizon. They had run the hounds far into the night without success. He had begun to think perhaps the three had not turned east, but rather had gone west. It would not matter if they did, for he would still find them. But for now he had to worry about the possibility of their reaching Sakol with a warning. If he failed in that he would be the hunted not the hunter. Moglor would make his life very short and unpleasant. Therefore, he would, he decided, continue up Snowy River trying to cross their trail if possible. If he did not find it, he would cross back to the north in case they tried to slip through along the Barrier Cliffs. Having made that decision, he set the handlers about getting the hounds on the trail. Before light had fully come they were once more on the hunt south up the eastern bank of the Snowy.
Many miles to the north Moglor paced in his tent. He had arrived in the valley the day before and set up his command post. Much of the day was also spent in seeing the troop movements were speeded up, so that his own attack could be launched earlier than scheduled. Now he waited for replies to his messages.
He had devised and set up the most extensive signaling system Kaltan had ever had. It employed mirrors to flash messages using sunlight, or flags if the sun could not be seen. At night signal fires were used. Moglor knew information and communication were the keys to military victory. Therefore he had recruited spies and scouts in abundance and his signaling system covered the land.
He waited impatiently to hear that the troops he requested were being sent. He had already heard from Shul. His scout had not yet crossed the trail of the fugitives. Moglor was not greatly surprised for these three had shown extraordinary skill and cunning and they also had extraordinary luck. Moglor knew that the hounds would have found them by now, if their trail and scent had not been washed away by the unfortunate rain.
But he did not doubt they would yet be caught. They would make a mistake sometime or the hounds would eventually stumble upon their trail. But he had taken two other precautions on the unlikely possibility these three would elude Shul and somehow find the hidden back way into Sakol.
One of these was the advancing of his attack by about a week. He would move his men out of the valley by at least four days from now. By moving up his schedule he could arrive a day after any warning could be possibly given. Moglor knew that Sakol's troops were all outside providing protection for the fall harvest on the plains. Therefore, even if Sakol did hear of his impending attack from these three fugitives, it would not give them time to move their troops from outside the valley to inside to stop his attack.
He had taken one other precaution as well. He might not need it, but, if he did, it was set. He had heard confirmation of this last measure late last night. Now he waited to hear about his troops, not those who would attack over the mountain, most of these were here in the valley, but those who would attack Sakol from the front, from the Great River Plain. This was his main army. They must be ready to advance quickly, yet not be detected too early or else Sakol would pull its troops inside prematurely. The key to winning was surprise and coordination. He had to attack and hold the pass into Sakol while his main army attacked from the front. Sakol would be unable to retreat into their valley fortress and its smaller army would be wiped out by Kaltan's main force. All he needed was to make sure the main army would attack the same instant he did. Later that morning, he received the messages he wanted to hear. All was set. They would move a week earlier.
With this settled, Moglor turned his mind toward getting his troops ready and supplied for the long march to Sakol's unprotected back door. There would be little time to hunt for food, they would need speed to arrive at the right time especially now. But this valley was well supplied, for although his troops had killed the inhabitants and burned their village, they had saved all the provisions they could find. There was enough here, it only had to be gathered and prepared.
As the sun set this fifth day after the discovery of the death of their parents, Dael and Jaes, with their sister had come many miles. They were footsore and tired. The pain of their loss was still there; but it had begun to diminish for there was a goal now before them and they were intent upon accomplishing it.
They rested on the overlook, a stone shelf on the side of Snowy Mountain overlooking the valley below. The brothers had built a smokeless fire far back in order not to be seen, and broiled the young rabbits Dael had shot. They also dried some of the flesh to take with them in the morning.
When darkness fell the three were seated looking out over the lands below. To the north was the valley they called home, to the east ran Snowy River nestled in its own valley. Soon they would descend into this valley to cross the river. Jaes nudged Dael and pointed east. Dael followed his arm and there in the valley, not far from the river, were fires. Dael counted three.
"Campfires!" he said. Jaes grunted in agreement and continued to watch. The fires would blink from time to time as if someone passed in front of them.
Finally Jaes said, "They are about three miles away I'd judge. Not big fires, small ones like cooking fires. The river is beyond them another two miles or so. What do you reckon that means?"
"Soldiers!" Dael said, "It can't be anything else. There might be other reasons why they are up here other than to look for us, but I do not think we should count on it. Those troops back in the Western Meadows were looking for something or someone."
"Where they are camped is right between us and the fords." Jaes said.
Can't we cross the river somewhere else?" Kar asked.
"Sure, there is no real problem with the Snowy. It is easier there at the fords, but we can get across at several other places. There are other fords farther south as well.
Kar whispered, "I had hoped they had given up on us. I knew it was not likely, but I hoped it anyway. It is a heavy weight knowing someone is trying to find you to kill you. I keep looking behind me to see if there is anyone there. I wonder if this is what an animal feels like when it is being hunted."
"I think only people feel like that, Sis," said Dael. He then turned to Jaes. "Do you think we should slip down there and get a closer look. We might learn something that will help us avoid them."
Jaes was silent a few minutes, and then he replied, "No, anything we might learn would be outweighed by the risk of detection. They haven't located us and are still searching blindly. Let's keep it that way and try to stay hidden. There is a very good chance with the way they are searching, we will be seen eventually; but the longer we stay undetected, the better our chances will be. Beside, I have a bad feeling about going down there now. It does not feel right."
Kar turned to look at him. Dael, even though he could not see her, knew she wondered at this last statement. He was getting ready to explain as best he could when Jaes spoke to her.
"Little Sister, when you knew something was watching us in the cave, did you actually see or hear it?"
"No," she replied. "I just knew, that's all."
"Well, this is just like that in a way. Call it a feeling, if you will, intuition or a hunter's instinct. But you learn not to ignore that feeling or voice that says something is not right, that there is danger. Dael will tell you that. That is the way I feel about whatever or whoever is down there. It's not right, there is something or someone dangerous waiting there."
Dael added, "Jaes' feelings have kept us out of trouble before, and I, for one, will heed them."
Kar asked, "But you didn't sense anything back in the cave when I did, did you?"
Jaes said, "No, I didn't. But then, you see, there was really no danger or anything wrong. If we had not disturbed the cat, it would have watched us for a while and then left without bothering us."
Kar thought for a minute, and then finally said, "I trust you two when you say we were in no danger, but it still scares me. I do not sense these people, whoever they might be. But they are not near enough. Tell me, then, are we going to go that way in the morning?"
Jaes replied, "I think we should turn south a little, if you agree, Little Brother. We can cross the Snowy upstream at the chutes. It'll be a bit tricky, but they will not expect anyone to try to cross there. We'll have to be very careful, in any case. We do not know which direction whoever is down there is headed. If they are patrolling upstream, we could meet them."
Dael agreed. They watched the fires in the distance and then went to their blankets to get as much sleep as possible.
Three miles to the east the fires continued to burn far into the night. Shul ordered his men attend them in hopes of attracting any who might be curious. While he slept the hounds patrolled the perimeter of the camp.
The Chutes
The morning of the sixth day arrived clear, bright and cold. The three awoke early. There was little they could do to keep warm except stay wrapped in their light blankets, for they did not dare a fire with their pursuers so close. Just a trace of smoke or even the order of it could give them away, so they wrapped themselves and sat together in the lee of the rocks out of the light wind. When it was light enough to travel, they ate what they had cold, then, shouldering their packs, began their journey. Jaes led them southeastward, still along the slope of Snowy Mountain, instead of east to the fords. They traveled much slower than they did the day before, keeping well to cover, avoiding any open areas and concealing their passing. It was not long before they reached the chutes, approaching them very slowly and cautiously.
From the cover of the trees and dense brush well above the river they watched and listened for a good while. Other than the birds that frequented the area, nothing else was seen. No unusual sounds could they hear. The area seemed normal and undisturbed.
But Jaes whispered to Dael, "It looks and sounds normal enough. But I still get a feeling I do not like. Something is not just quite right. We really ought to take just a look up and down the river for a short way. Do you want to go up or down?"
Dael replied, "You take up; I'll go down. How far do you want to go?"
"Not too far, Check all the way to the second falls past the chutes. I'll go about the same distance up."
To Kar, Jaes said, "Stay here. Keep down. We'll be back soon. Dael, we should try to keep out of sight of the far side as much as possible. Any watcher up on the cliffs could easily see us if we track along the waterline. But we ought to check as close as we can at some points if we can, especially along the river's trail. If anyone has been by here going up or down that's the way they probably took."
While Jaes disappeared melting into the trees going south upstream, Dael headed north down stream. He carefully made his way through the trees at some distance above the river's edge stopping often to scan the cliffs on the other bank as well as all he could see on his side. He also listened carefully for any sounds out of place. Soon he reached a place where the trees grew down very close to the shore. The River's trail ran very close to the shore here along a sandbank. Dael stopped and studied the opposite shore. Nothing moved. There was nothing watching from the cliffs above as far as he could see.
Dael waited a few more minutes then approached the sandbank from upstream. He walked as best he could on the stones until he could get to the water. Wading in at knee depth he went along the bank. Then he saw them. Tracks! Animal and boot tracks. These angled in from the bank then followed the shoreline to the far end. There Dael saw the carcass of a deer that had washed down and had lodged against a large boulder. Dael studied the tracks. They were strange and he had no idea what animal had made them. But whatever it was the person wearing the boots and the creature had come down together. And they were fresh. It had not been very long ago they were here.
Dael slowly made his way around the boulder and into the shelter of the trees that grew on the far side. Getting out of sight seemed to be a priority at this point. He waited and listened. Yes, there it was again, the sound of twigs cracking. Something was moving out of the trees down to the sandbar on the other side of the boulder. He listened intently as he carefully withdrew his bow and fitted an arrow to the string.
Growling! It was an animal approaching the deer carcass. It was on the sandbar now and getting closer. Perhaps the creature that had made these tracks was coming back to feed on it. But by the growling that was getting louder, it was clear the creature was not happy. Had it scented him even though he had kept to the water, Dael wondered. That might mean it was more interested in him as dinner than the carcass.
Dael thought to himself, "Better to surprise than be surprised." So he drew the bow back then slowly waded back around the boulder and then moved quickly to where he could see, bow drawn back for a shot.
Dael breathed a sigh of relief and quickly lowered his bow. The animal he recognized. It was a large river rat. These reached the size of a small dog. They were omnivores, feeding on carrion and fish they could catch and upon the roots, berries and nuts that grew along the banks of the river. This was not the animal that had made the strange tracks. While they were shy and did not stay around when people were near, they did not act the way this one was acting. What was upsetting this river rat was obviously the scent of the creature that had made the tracks. Dael could see now it had followed those tracks for a distance along the shore and had tried to cover the tracks with sand. It clearly did not like the maker of those tracks.
The river rat had stopped then scampered back to the safety of the trees beyond the sandbank when it saw Dael. As Dael put away his bow he pondered what to do now. Should he continue on downstream perhaps trying to catch a glimpse of who and what made these tracks? "No," he said to himself. "Jaes had already sensed up a trace of danger. Whatever this was, it was dangerous and was to be avoided. I'll head back now."
Dael approached the meeting point cautiously. He signaled with the birdcall they had agreed upon. Jaes stepped out the brush retuning the call before he did. 
Dael asked, "See anything?"
"I found traces of a large party, maybe ten or fifteen men and a couple of horses. There has been a party through here and quite recently."
Dael replied, "I also found some tracks I have never seen before. Very recently made."
"Come with me." Jaes said and turned and walked upstream to a clearing not one hundred yards away. He pointed. There in the soft soil were some large tracks.
"They're the same! What are they? I've never seen them before!"
Jaes shook his head. "Nor I! They are not native to this area. They are something like a wolf's, but like a large cat as well. See, no claw marks! I would guess there are at least two, one large and the other one much smaller."
"No," said Dael, "there are two of them, I think, but they are about the same size. A set of smaller prints goes with the larger. There is a clear set of one of these things in the sand downstream. I would guess the front legs are smaller than the rear. I also think they are on a leash, since there are boot prints side by side with these. There is also one place where the handler pulled the beast away from a carcass of a deer which had washed up on the bank."
"Do you think it is a kind of tracker, a hound of some sort?" asked Jaes.
"That would be my guess," said Dael. "And that means we are lucky again. They are heading downstream now at least. They've just missed us. But we cannot be sure they will not double back or cross our trail somewhere else. They may even have more tracking parties other than this one. A river rat found the tracks right after I did. Judging by its reaction, it really did not like whatever made them. I do not think I want to meet it."
"You're right. We'd better cross the Snowy and move quickly. That might be harder now. The river is a lot higher than I expected. There must have been more rain up in the mountains than we had the other day. The Chutes could be a problem."
Dael nodded. "Yes, I noticed it was up. Where's Kar?"
"She's waiting upstream. Well, let's get this over with and get out of here as quickly as possible."
With that they both made their way upstream, keeping out of sight of the river for they realized a watcher, if there were one, would have a better chance of catching sight of them along the bank. After they found Kar, they proceeded to where Jaes had planned to cross, the Chutes. It was called this by those who ventured in these parts because here the river divided and flowed swiftly through three channels or chutes. These all emptied by means of a large waterfall into a rocky pool.
The far or eastern bank of the river was a cliff. The chutes were formed when a large section or outcropping of this cliff split away falling into the river. This section then split in two again. It appeared as if some giant hand had taken a knife, cut a slice of the cliff of letting it fall on its side, then cut through the fallen rock again. The chute flowing around the western end of the rock was the shallowest and the easiest to cross. 
The second chute was the widest of the three. The current was the fastest and, if one were to be swept off his feet, there was every chance he would be carried over the waterfall at the end of the chute. The drop onto the rocks below would almost certainly be fatal.
The third chute, where the water flowed between the rock and the cliff was the narrowest, but also the deepest. It was twenty feet across at the river level, but close to six feet at the top of the rock and cliff. They could not hope to wade this. Even if they could, a vertical cliff wall blocked their way. One crossed this third chute by first climbing the rock in the middle of the river which was not difficult. Then one crossed the chasm by means of a crude bridge that led from the top of the rock to the top of the cliff. In times past a tree had fallen or had been placed across this chasm. This, then, had been trimmed back to make a fairly safe and clear span.
After studying as much of the river as they could see and especially the far side the approached the crossing place. They waded the first chute at the upstream end of the channel where the current was the slowest, managing only to get wet up to their knees. 
When they were ready to attempt the middle chute, Dael crossed first. With a rope attached to him in case he should be swept off his feet, he waded into the water. It was not too deep, only up to his thighs. But it was very cold, quickly numbing his legs. It had its source in the snow and ice fields of the snowy mountains and was never warm even in the summer. With the added rain it was also swifter than usual. He had to fight the current to do it, but it would be possible to stay on his feet if he did not step into a deep hole. He faced upstream and side stepped his way slowly to the far side. Once he slipped, but managed to grasp a large boulder that jutted up out of the water. He was about five feet from the far side when what he dreaded happened. He had carefully stepped on a large rock on the bottom. It seemed steady and stable; but as he shifted his weight to step off, it suddenly tipped to the side. Dael lost his balance and the swift current immediately pushed him downstream. Just before he went under he heard Kar yell. Holding his breath, he struggled to the surface. Then, pulling with all his strength, he swam to the far side, all the while being swept downstream toward the waterfall. He could hear it above the noise of the water around him. The cold was numbing, but he could tell he was making progress. He desperately hoped Jaes would not pull back on the line. If his brother did this, he would be pulled away from the bank and almost certainly would go over the falls. He grabbed at a large rock, but the current pulled his hands away. Then he saw another. He grasped it, this time his grip held. He pulled himself up on the rock, then on to another. As he tried to move to another just short of the bank, the rope attached snagged on a rock further out in the chute. By pulling and jerking he finally managed to free it and at last dragged himself up on the far side.
Over the rushing of the water and the roar of the falls just below him, he heard Kar yell. He waved weakly, not wanting her to make any more sound than needed. After resting another few minutes, he pulled the rope free of another snag, then, between he and Jaes, they moved it back upstream. While Jaes tied the packs to the rope, Dael climbed up the rock face. Next, they carefully hauled the packs one by one over the chute. Finally Kar tied the rope under her arms and started to wade across. Because she weighed less than Dael or Jaes, she was at the mercy of the current, being swept off her feet several times. But the rope held her secure, and, with Dael pulling, she safely crossed. Dael also anchored Jaes as he crossed. He was able to stay on his feet and was the driest of the three.
After they climbed the rock, the three had another difficulty waiting for them. The bridge was gone. Jaes walked to the edge and looked. "It must have fallen in. Do you want to jump first, or shall I?" He grinned as he looked back at Dael and Kar.
Dael sat down on a boulder and sighed. "Do you know, Jaes, that you have the stupidest grin on your face at the worst times. If a horde of forest demons were rushing at you, I think you'd look at them with that silly grin of yours and ask which one would like the first bite."
Jaes laughed. "It's the only way Little Brother. You have to laugh to live. Besides, you would rather have me grin at you than frown, wouldn't you? I'll go first since you went first down there. Let's get that rope out again."
Jaes tied the rope to himself and, with Dael anchoring, he took a small run and easily jumped across the six feet. Again they hauled the packs across, then Kar, and finally Dael jumped the chasm with Jaes anchoring the rope for him.
As they were replacing the rope, Jaes examined the area around the place the bridge had been. After a period of time he said, "The bridge was pushed in; it did not fall on its own. There are boot tracks here and you can see where poles were used to pry the log around. Somebody was trying to make sure nobody crossed here."
Dael walked back to the edge of the chasm and examined the ground. As he squatted down to look at the signs of activity, Jaes continued in a lower voice.
"I think we ought to change our plans. Instead of heading down into the valley from here, we need to keep as far away as possible from the enemy. We can climb Watcher's Ridge here," he said, nodding at the land that rose steeply to their east. "Then continue due east over the western ridge of Gold River Valley. We'll hit the river at the canyon, then work our way downriver to the first possible place to cross. This will be several miles upstream from the fords at Younger Twin Pass."
Dael said, "Two questions. First, won't that slow us down, and, second, what will Kar think about crossing the Dead Lands?"
"I do not think it will slow us down much." said Jaes. "It's steeper and rougher terrain, to be sure. We'll travel somewhat slower than we have, but, with the search parties we've seen looking for us, we would have to go pretty slow in the valley to avoid them anyway. Going due east here will also be a little shorter. I don't think we would lose that much time, if any at all. Kar will come with us if we go, but I really do not know what she will think."
After a moment Dael agreed. "You're right. We won't have to worry about leaving a trail. If they have hounds of some sort, and it seems they do, it does not make any difference whether we leave one or not. Let's do it. We'll try to move as quickly as possible. Yet I do not think we should tell Sis the name of the place we are going unless she asks. Then, when she does, you can grin at her and explain."
Laughing, they turned and walked back to Kar and explained the need to change plans to head east across the ridge instead of going down through the valley. Kar did not ask about where they would be going. Since she was not familiar with the country around there, as were Dael and Jaes, she did not realize once they crossed Watcher's Ridge, they would be walking into that place known as the Dead Lands.
This was widely regarded by all to be a place of death and the dead. Tales were told around the fires at night of the spirits that walked those woods of lights that would mysteriously move from place to place. It could not be denied the area was unusual. Little animal life was to be found in the forests that covered the slopes. The trees and plants, which flourished there, did not grow in reckless abandon; they seemed more subdued and controlled. Indeed, it often appeared as if a hand had planted and tended the forest like a garden. It was also reported that almost everyone became disoriented and confused after walking in these lands for any extended period of time. Those that hunted for gold, that mysterious metal which was seldom used, usually avoided the western bank of Gold River. Many claimed that there were large deposits of this precious metal throughout the Dead Lands, and that all the strange lights and occurrences were due to the electrical discharges from this metal. Hunters avoided the area; there was little to hunt. Travelers had other ways to travel than through this area, and no one lived there.
But neither Jaes nor Dael believed the superstitions that abounded. They had never seen any spirits or monsters, although they had witnessed the lights, for they had entered the Dead Lands on several occasions. They did not hunt there regularly, since one hunts where game is to be found. Yet their curiosity had brought them there and they had explored the area. They did not feel or experience the confusion often reported by others who ventured in. Jaes had suggested most felt it simply because they expected to feel it. A person convinced he will be confused most often will be. Dael did not have an explanation, and Jaes' seemed to be as good as any to him. They seldom spoke to others of their trips through the Dead Lands, having learned from experience few would believe them. They did not now hesitate to cross this area, although neither one wished to be the one to try to explain to their sister why it was safe. So they set out.
That afternoon and late into the night they walked and climbed the ridge before them. They finally stopped for the night on the eastern side. After crossing the snowy River, they had seen no sign of any pursuit, nor were any campfires visible when Jaes went back to the ridge to look. That night they camped on the eastern side and were, even then, inside the borders of the area know as the Dead Lands.
The Dead Lands
They had stopped in an area that had a small vertical cliff face. The ground at the base of this was not cluttered with much fallen rock and provided an excellent campsite. As they prepared to camp that night, Jaes decided that they could risk a fire. He built it banking it up on the three sides that did not face the rock wall. This would hide it from view from any watchers and also reflect heat back toward them that night. He chose wood that was as dry as he could find and which would not give off much smoke.
As they sat near the fire, Kar seemed uneasy.
Jaes asked, "Is something wrong, Sis? I did not see any signs that we were followed. We should be safe tonight. There is not really anything around here that will bother us."
Kar replied, "Are you sure they are not back there? I feel something. A presence, I think, but not close. Could those animals or trackers have come back and found where we crossed?"
Dael said, "You know Sis, several times Jaes or I stayed back while you and the other of us went on to see if we were being followed. We had some very good vantage points to survey our back trail and there was no one or nothing that we could ever see."
"Well, just the same," she replied, "I am uneasy right now. Maybe it's the climb. I've never been so tired before. And I've never had people wanting to kill me either!"
With that they rolled up in their blankets and tried to sleep.
That night Kar slept uneasily. She awoke several times feeling she was being watched. Once she woke Dael.
"Dael, I think someone might be here," She whispered.
Dael sat up and so did Jaes. He said, "I'll check it out."
The fire had died and the embers now were covered in ashes and gave no light. The starlight however was bright. Dael picked up his bow and slipped away. About a half an hour later he returned. "I could find nothing amiss. I'll check the area in the morning. "Sis, you probably sensed some night creature passing by. But there is no danger I can find."
Kar replied, "Thanks for looking." She did not tell him that she still had that feeling of being watched. Later that night she dreamed someone was calling to her, but she could not clearly hear or understand what the voice was saying. But there was an urgency about the call. This occurred several times and each time she felt that there was something very important the voice was saying but she could not understand the message. Then finally the dream left her, and she slept undisturbed until awakened by her brothers in the cool darkness before dawn.
It was not as cold as yesterday morning and for this the three were thankful, for the only clothing they had was what they wore. Because he knew the area through which they would pass would generally be devoid of game, Jaes had taken preparations the day before by securing extra food. They had caught several small fish in a stream on their climb up Watcher's Ridge. Some of these they had smoked slowly over the fire the night before so they would keep at least through the next day.
Quickly packing their gear, they set out in the dim light of early dawn, hoping to reach and cross Gold River before this day's journey was over. Their walk had taken them well into the Dead Lands before Kar asked the question her brothers feared would be forthcoming. It was not so much a question, but a statement she made to Dael when Jaes was ahead scouting.
"We are in the Dead Lands," she stated.
"What?" said Dael.
"We are in the Dead Lands, aren't we?" Kar repeated as they passed into sunlight from the shade of a thick clump of pines.
"Yes, we are." Dael replied. He added, "We are cutting straight across them to Gold River."
Kar stopped in the middle of the small clearing. "Why? Why are we doing this? Couldn't we have gone around? Aren't we in enough trouble and danger without coming in here?
Dael took a deep breath and muttered, "This was Jaes' job."
"What?" Kar asked.
"This was Jaes' job. He was the one that was supposed to grin at you and explain why we decided to come this way through the Dead Lands."
"But it's dangerous to go into the Dead Lands. People get lost in them. They become confused, don't know where they are. They wander in circles until something dreadful gets them. Why did we have to come this way?" Kar insisted.
Dael motioned her to sit. He took off his pack and then sat down facing Kar. "You've heard too many of the old stories about this place." he said. "You should not believe all of those stories. Not everyone gets disoriented in here, Sis. Jaes and I have been through here several times. We've crossed it this way twice before and we have never become lost. It is true, this is a strange place and we have seen the lights; but there are no ghosts or much of anything else that walks, creeps or flies in here. There is very little animal life; nothing except the forest itself lives in the very center. In fact, I have not even heard a bird for over an hour. There is simply nothing in here to be afraid of. They ought to call this the Empty Lands instead of the Dead Lands."
"It's not empty." Kar said in a low voice.
"What do you mean it's not empty? What have you seen?" Dael asked sharply.
"I haven't seen anything;" she replied, "I wouldn't know signs of an animal if they were staring me in the face. I have not heard anything either. But it's not empty!"
"I don't understand." Dael said.
"It's not empty!" Kar repeated softly. "There is something here, I know it. It's been watching us. I've sensed strongly it for the last hour or so. It is what I was feeling last night I think. And it scares me!"
She shivered. "It is not just an animal, I can tell that; but, Dael, it is not human either. It's... it's different."
Dael looked around him. The sun was shining brightly while white clouds moved slowly through the clear blue sky. There was a slight breeze that caused the leaves to gently whisper. There was no other sound. He studied the brush and the denser areas of cover. Was something following them he wondered? A cold shiver went up his spine, but he could see or hear nothing. There was not a sign of anything near, but yet, now somehow he too felt it. A sixth sense whispered to him that he was being watched. But by whom or what? And where was this thing?
Slowly he took out his bow and strung it. Loosening the pouch that held his arrows, he took one and snapped it into a small catch that held it along the length of the bow. Then he said, "You're right, I think. Something or someone probably followed us in. There is no sense in taking a chance. You sense it better than I do, so tell me if whatever it is leaves us. So far it has kept away and stayed out of sight, so maybe they or it is only curious. I do not believe, if it is there, that it wants to harm us, at least not right now. There have been too many places and opportunities in the last hour or so for it to have attacked. But let's be watchful just in case."
They started out again and, although they kept their eyes open and their ears straining to catch any sound, they never saw a sign or heard a sound to indicate they were being followed. Yet Kar's sense of this presence never left her for an instant.
It was an hour later when Jaes rejoined them, coming up from behind. When he saw Dael's bow, he frowned briefly then asked, "What are we hunting in here?"
"Wrong question, Big Brother." Dael answered. "It should be what is hunting us in here?"
Nodding his head, Jaes said, "So you felt it too? There is something out there. It has been with us for a while now. I've backtracked and circled you two as you walked; but I could not find a thing, not a trace. It's as if it is invisible. I wondered it could be that strange type of hound whose tracks we found, but I found no tracks of any kind. Dael, you've never sensed this in..." He paused then continued, "...in this part of the country, have you?"
Dael smiled and said, "It's all right, Jaes. Kar knows where we are. She sensed whatever it is before we did. But to answer your question, no, I've never felt or sensed anything like this before either here in the Dead Lands or anywhere else for that matter. Do you think something or someone followed us in?"
"It is likely this is something I've never met before, I can tell you that. But what is it?" Jaes grinned, "I haven't any idea. It might just well be one of those hounds; we know nothing about them. It is a very clever animal, whatever it is, to hide so well from us."
"It's no animal." Kar stated.
"Do you think Kaltan has found us?" Jaes questioned. Then he answered his own question.
"No, I can not believe they are that skilled at hiding their tracks, especially moving as fast as we are. But maybe one of their scouts could?"
"It's not human either." Kar stated again.
Jaes looked at her then shrugged, "Sis, if I let you, you could very easily scare me."
He paused then said, "I won't ask you how you know what it is not, but do you have any idea what it is?"
"No," she said, "I can only tell you how I fell. It is not like an animal at all, like that cat back in the cave. Its presence is much..." She hesitated searching for the right word. "...much larger. It feels bigger, but not when people are near. I can always tell when a person is coming. They have a certain feel. This is completely different than that."
They sat looking around at the silent landscape. Finally Dael suggested, "All we can do is to go on as quickly as possible. It will either leave us, or follow. If it follows, maybe we'll see it, maybe not. Maybe it will attack, maybe it won't. If we are careful, it will not catch us by surprise. Yet I'm really not sure it intends harm. It has had plenty of opportunities to attack us, if it wanted to do that. If it were Kaltan, why would it let us go this far? It makes no sense!"
And so they left once more. They traveled together now, watchful and cautious. The presence never left them nor did they ever see any sign that something was watching and following.
They crossed through the very center of the Dead Lands and then climbed another mountain ridge. At the top they could see the narrow valley through which Gold River ran. All the land on this side of the river belonged to the Dead Lands. Although those who traveled the river occasionally traveled on the western bank, most traffic kept to the eastern side. If they did use the western bank, few ventured far from it. It was late in the afternoon when they began to descend to the river. As they descended, they veered to the north since the river was uncrossable here, running through a deep and sheer canyon. The terrain was quite steep, but not particularly rough. Since they were not headed straight down the slope but angling to the side, they made very good progress.
The sun had already set when they reached the canyon itself. After resting only briefly under a large tree overlooking the river far below, they pressed northward along the canyon's edge, wishing to lose, if they could, whatever it was that dogged their steps. Finally Jaes called a halt to their efforts knowing they were close now to a crossing, and that they could well miss it in the darkness. They now turned and moved a small distance away from the canyon's lip. A little ways away they found a suitable location. There they dropped their packs and threw themselves exhausted on the ground.
After a few minutes Kar whispered, "It's still with us."
Jaes grunted an agreement and then said, "I'll find some wood."
Soon they had a fire going. They did not worry so much about being seen by Kaltan patrols since the fire was away from the canyon and hidden by a dense growth of trees. They were thinking, however, about what stalked them. But the firelight brought little comfort, for, even though nothing ever showed itself in the small circle of light, the weight of a presence was heavy upon them, especially Kar.
She could not relax and sleep was a long time in coming. When she finally found it, it was a restless sleep, punctuated with strange dreams of trees talking, huge shapes that appeared out of an unfamiliar night sky breathing fire, men who were not men, and many other strange and unexplainable things. One dream in particular repeated itself over and over again. A young woman stood before her imploring her to hurry and save them. The forest must not die. The sense of urgency was almost overwhelming. But finally the dreams ended and she slept peacefully at last in the few hours before the sun began its journey once more across the skies.
Canyon Crossing
They slept late the next morning. The sun had risen when Dael finally opened his eyes. He lay there for a moment, watching and listening. The sounds of the forest had returned. The birds were busy chattering and chirping in the trees nearer the canyon's edge. The sun shone brightly, and there was a light breeze blowing. Dael heard one of the others stirring so he rolled over and sat up. He looked at the brush and trees that surrounded them; there was no sign of anything. The first thing he wanted to do was search the area around their camp. He rose to his feet and began stretching the kinks out of his muscles. Walking around the perimeter of the camp, he carefully search the ground, then he moved farther out and made another circuit.
His brother and sister were up when he returned. "Not a single sign of any visitor." he said. Jaes grinned and tossed him his blanket.
"Are you sure? Want me to look?" he said.
"You needn't look." Kar spoke up. "It's gone, or at least it is not watching us any more. Really it is still here, I think, but you won't find any signs or tracks either, Jaes. It did not leave any."
She stopped and sat down on a fallen tree trunk. When she looked up she saw that both of her brothers were staring at her curiously.
Dael finally spoke up. "Do you know more about whatever it is that followed us here, or were we all dreaming it? Maybe this is what confuses those that go through this place, but why has it not affected us before this time?"
"No, we were not dreaming. It was real. She paused and sighed, and then she continued, "I think I understand more now, maybe. Don't ask me to prove anything. I can't. Don't even ask me how I know this. I just know it, but, how I'm not sure." Then in a lower voice she said, "I don't even know why I believe this--it's too fantastic."
She looked at Jaes and Dael, and then said, "You couldn't and won't find any trace of something following us, because nothing did or was. But we were being watched and still are I believe. It is not as intense as yesterday, its concentration is somewhere else now."
Jaes broke in, "You mean someone was watching us, but not actually following us. In some way they do not have to be here near us to see or track us? But how can they do that?"
"No, it's not like that at all." Kar said. "I can sense living things only when they come near. I sensed this very strongly. It was here, it still is. It did not follow us because we were walking through it. It is the forest; it was watching us. It's alive, Jaes, or at least it has an awareness of what goes on."
Jaes shook his head. "I don't know, Sis. That does sound too fantastic to believe. I do not doubt that these trees and shrubs are alive, but that they watch us; I don't know. There was something following us--or watching us, if you prefer, I know that. But the forest itself?"
"You haven't heard the fantastic part yet." Kar said in a whisper. "It's in danger somehow. It wants us to help save it in someway and it is urgent. We've got to hurry."
Neither Jaes nor Dael could speak. They were not sure what to say or think. Finally Kar spoke again.
"I don't know if the danger it feels is connected to Kaltan's attack on our valley and with their plans to conquer Sakol or not, but I think it is. Somehow, in any case, there is a great danger to it and we must hurry to Sakol. That is all I know for sure."
"The past two nights have been difficult. I couldn't sleep, and when I did, I've had the strangest dreams. I've felt all along that someone or something was trying to tell me something, but I did not understand what. Early this morning before I finally slept I decided it must be the forest itself that was urging me to hurry, that it was in danger. When I decided that, the weight of the pressure that has been weighing upon us left, just like that. It's not here now. Certainly you two can tell that much. I can tell you exactly when it left last night. I do not know how or why or anything else about this place, but the Dead Lands are not dead, nor are they empty." She was quiet for a few seconds, and then continued.
"You do not have to believe me. That is not important, but we've got to hurry. The danger to Sakol is greater than we know, of that I am sure!"
Jaes shook his head again, but Dael spoke. "She's right, Jaes. It really doesn't matter if we believe her or not, right now, as long as we hurry. Since that is our intent anyway, we ought not to pass judgment on whether this--this story, this idea---is true or not. We can get to Sakol, warn them, and then take time to think this through. If we do not get there, it really won't make much difference whether we believe it or not, I'm afraid."
Jaes stood up and grinned. "Judgment postponed, although I do not really disbelieve you, Sis. I do not know what to believe. As you said, it is fantastic, but this place is admittedly strange. I cannot explain this strangeness, so maybe--well, who knows. Anyway, let's get out of here and cross yon ditch." He nodded in the direction of the canyon.
It was not too long before they reached the canyon's edge. After a brief discussion, they continued north looking for the trail that led down to the river. This was found after a half a mile's walk along the lip of the precipice. The canyon was not so deep at this point, but its sides were still too steep to try to climb down. It was here that a deep ravine cut into the side of the canyon. The rough path they had been following along the canyon ran back away from the river to avoid most of this ravine. It finally crossed it by means of an old stone bridge built years ago when there were many who searched these parts for gold. Another path branched off at this juncture and ran down along the side of this ravine to the floor of the canyon. The ravine, which usually contained a trickle of water, had more now due to the recent rains, but it was still passable. Travelers had used it as long as anyone could remember. In times past steps had been cut in the rock on the steepest sections.
They made their descent without incident, crossed the river using again an old stone bridge. This lacked one span, which had fallen and had never been repaired, but a crude log bridged even this gap. Before too long they stood on the far bank and looked up at the path they must ascend. There was no ravine here to follow; the path had been carved out of the rock itself. It was rough, narrow, and often very steep cutting back and forth across the face of the cliff
The three took only the briefest of rest, and then began the ascent. Jaes did not wish to spend any more time here than they had to where they were exposed to view of any watchers who might be on the cliffs above. Dael, too, would feel better when they reached the cover of the trees. They moved as quickly as they could but also as quietly as possible. Dale also had strung his bow although he still carried it on his pack.
The unexpected occurred just below the top where the path turned sharply left, in away from the canyon. Suddenly a soldier stepped around the rock corner. From the look on his face he was as surprised to see them, as they were to see him. His surprise was so complete he stood there for a moment, unable to do anything while his brain attempted to decide on a course of action. Finally he acted and his hands flew to the bow on his back.
Jaes and Dael had not hesitated. Jaes had fallen to one knee and had just completed cocking and loading his crossbow when Dael's arrow flew home. The Kaltan soldier dropped with only a grunt.
Quickly Jaes motioned for Kar and Dael to climb the side to their left that was no longer so steep as to make this difficult. Seeing that they were doing this, he slowly moved up the path, crossbow now ready. Once to the top, Dael and Kar moved to where they had a good view of the top of the path. Yet, before they could actually see anything, they heard a shout. Jaes had been seen!
There was another cry, one of pain. Dael thought to himself, "Jaes has found a mark!" Now they could see. There was a group of five soldiers taking cover behind a large rock. One man lay still on the ground. Dael could not see Jaes from here and decided he must have taken cover on the path.
Kar whispered, "What are we going to do?"
Dael studied the land around them then said, "Nothing for the moment. We are not in a good position here to do much. Even if I were to get one of them, they would only move around the rock to protect themselves. Then we would be trapped here just like Jaes is trapped on the path."
He thought for a moment and continued to study the terrain. Finally he said, "OK, this is what we have to do. They will get organized any moment now. When they do we are in trouble. We have to act right now before that, or before any others arrive. They do not know we are over here, or how many there are of us. As soon as they realize there are just three of us, they'll pin us down until more of their troops arrive. We have to get them to believe they are outnumbered, and then hope they will retreat. When they do, we will escape into the forest. Jaes cannot do anything right now so it will have to be us."
"Take your bow and get ready. I'm going to slip over there." He nodded to his left. "As soon as I shoot, you begin to shoot as many arrows as fast as you can, then duck."
"But, Dael, I can't hit anything!"
"You do not have to, Sis. With us spread out and firing fast, they ought to think there are a lot more of us than there are. Hopefully, they won't fight; they will run. You wait until I fire first, understand?"
Kar nodded and Dael slipped off to the left, finding a place where he had a good view of his targets. He placed his arrows where he could reach them easily, and then drew back his bow, taking sight on a tree trunk slightly above the head of one soldier crouched by it. He released his arrow.
Confusion descended upon the scene. When the arrow thudded home burying itself in the trunk of the tree, the soldier who crouched there yelled and jumped away. As heads turned in the general direction of Dael, Kar began to fire her arrows as quickly as possible. By chance one found its resting place in the shoulder of the unfortunate soldier spared by Dael.
For a moment it looked as if the Kaltan force would dig in and counter attack. They immediately shifted their position to protect themselves from the stream of arrows coming at them. But Jaes was waiting. He knew Dael would act. In the first few moments of his brother and sister's attack, he used the diversion to move from behind the large boulder where he had taken refuge to a position farther to his right. As one soldier stood in order to draw his own bow to return fire, a crossbow bolt drove into his arm causing him to drop the bow. With a yell he turned and ran down the path away from the canyon. This was too much for the rest of the Kaltan force. Shouting at one another, they too followed his hasty retreat.
Dael and Kar quickly ran to Jaes. "Are you hurt?" Kar asked.
"No, Sis, not a scratch."
To Dael he said, "After a bit they might rethink their actions and come back to see who was attacking them. We need to make sure they keep running. You take the right side off the trail; I'll take the canyon side. If you come upon them, make like a bird. I'll do the same. I'm sure we can convince them, if they have stopped, to keep going for a bit."
"Sis, see what gear they have left behind in their hurry to leave. We might be able to use some of it."
With that the brothers left moving off the trail, Jaes to the left on the canyon side, Dael on the right. A short way down the path they found those who had fled, waiting. A couple of well placed arrows and a crossbow bolt soon put an end to the hastily planned ambush.
Jaes motioned Dael back to the enemy camp while he scouted on. Returning, Dael found Kar had tended the wound of the unconscious young Kaltan soldier she had shot.
"The other two are dead," she said.
"That could not be helped." Dael replied. "But we need to hurry now. Pick up as many arrows as you can find, theirs and ours, while I check their equipment."
While Kar gathered arrows, Dael went over the gear left behind by the soldiers in their flight. He found some clothing and food stores they could use and packed these in their packs. Finally he removed and cleaned Jaes' crossbow bolt from the dead soldier and his own arrow from the other body. Then they left taking the same path away from the canyon that the soldiers had used. A short way down it Jaes appeared. They walked on until the path turned to follow the canyon north. Here they left it and headed east up the sloped of the steep ridge that lay before them. No one said much until they rested.
Then Kar spoke. "Now I understand, Dael, what you are telling me about not wanting to have to kill anyone else. I hit that soldier back there, but I never intended to do so. I was just pointing and releasing the arrows."
There was a pause, and then she continued. "I've been so angry, I wanted to see all the Kaltans killed. I did not really understand when you said you'd had enough. But now that I wounded one, a person like us, I do not ever want to do it again."
Jaes said, "We understand, Sis. We've killed, but we do not like it. You become less a person if you ever enjoy it. Two men died back there, men that had parents, maybe even a brother and sister like us. Under the circumstances, what else could we have done? It was a matter of defending ourselves. Many more people will certainly die if we did not act. Several others are limping back right now, but they will recover and perhaps be a bit wiser for it. The young man you hit should recover as well, so do not be worried about him. When he thinks of how you tended his arm, perhaps he will question who we are and why he was trying to kill us. It is not ever good to take another's life, but we are not always left with the good choices."
Dael spoke up. "Don't worry, we'll teach you how to shoot that bow yet."
"What for? Kar said sharply looking quickly up at Dael. "I don't want to shoot anyone again."
"Because," Dael returned with a trace of laughter, "not only do you need to be able to hit what you are aiming at; you have to be able to not hit what you are not aiming at. You don't think, do you, that I missed on my first shot back there? I hit the tree right above your unlucky soldier exactly where I was aiming. If Jaes or had wanted it, there would have been at least five others dead, maybe more. But killing all of them was not necessary. They were running rather quickly when we left them."
"That brings us to the point of another decision." Jaes said interrupting Dael. "We were going to go the same way they went, except not on the open path itself. This ridge here in front of us is rather difficult to climb. I've been up it once, but I do not think you have, Dael."
Dael shook his head.
"It will take us just as much time to climb and cross it here as it will to go around, but it will be much more difficult. Those soldiers will stop as soon as they realize they are no longer being chased by anyone. Then they will be back with more men, and the hunt will be on for us. We have three choices then, four, if you count going back across the canyon. But, if we do that, we will be giving up trying to reach Sakol."
Jaes waited for the others to respond. Kar shook her head while Dael said, "I do not think any of us want that."
"Well then, three choices." Jaes continued. "We can go back down the same way the Kaltan's took and hope we do not meet any of them. We ought to be able to slip by any patrols. But we would have to move much slower and carefully now than we have been traveling. Second, we can go south back along the canyon away from the soldiers. We would have to go up, then turn east and try to reach Sakol across the upper slopes of the Southern Range. It's quite a bit longer that way than going around this ridge to the north, but it is almost certain we will not run into any more soldiers. Third, and this is our best choice, I think, we can tackle this ridge. It will take us just as long and, as I've said, it will be very hard. We shouldn't lose any time though, and again we will not run into any soldiers."
Dael interrupted. "There's one more thing that recommends it, Big Bother. You remember those tracks by Snowy River? They have some sort of hound. If we go up or down the river they could easily track us by using these hounds. They know where to find our scent now. But I do not think they will be able to take them up this ridge. If they find our trail, they will have to go back down and around, then try to pick it up again on the other side of this ridge. We'll have more time to get away then. If we are going to Sakol, I do not think we have much choice."
Kar stood up and started to pick up her pack. Each brother looked at her questioningly. "Well," she said, "if we are going to go up this hill, shouldn't we begin?"
Jaes and Dael followed her example, shouldered their packs, and then began the difficult task of climbing the very steep ridge before them.
The task was long and hard. The climb took its toll on flesh and bone, leaving as reminders of its passing, bruises and cuts from hard sharp rock. Blisters formed, even on the toughened hands of the hunters. Kar went on, even when she could go no further. All ached from exhaustion before they reached the top, and then they had to go back down. The descent was just as difficult, but it was shorter, for they did not have to go down as far. It took them two days to reach their destination on the other side. It would have taken them a day and a half had they chosen to go around and had not been slowed by the need to avoid Kaltan patrols. The second night they camped and slept very soundly.
Ambush
Jaes was sitting on top of a rock that rose above the forest when Dael joined him as the sun began to rise. "Kar has fixed the last of our supplies we obtained from the Kaltans. I've already eaten; she's waiting for you now. We'll need to do a little hunting today."
Jaes nodded then pointed to the northeast. Dael followed the line of his arm and saw what he was indicating, wisps of smoke rising from the forests below. The distance was too far to see anything else. "What do you make of that?" Jaes asked.
"Cooking fires, most likely." Dael replied studying them. "Five or six of them." I suppose it could be a Kaltan patrol. But it also could be someone else, a large hunting party drying and smoking provisions for the winter perhaps."
"Let's go back." Jaes said. "We need to start, but there are a few other considerations we ought to reckon with."
As Jaes ate he spoke of these. "First," he said, "We have to obtain some provisions sometime. The direction we will be going is upward, hunting will become harder as we go. What is more important is that later we might need to travel as rapidly as we can. Hunting will slow us down more then than now. So, if we are going to take the time to hunt, as it seems we must, we had better do it now."
"But then, on the other hand, those fires Dael and I saw could be the enemy. If it is the attack force and not just a patrol or someone else, then we must go now as fast as possible and hope to find provisions somewhere on the way. But if it isn't Kaltan, then we can afford to take time to hunt, to be more careful, to go slower and to cover our trail."
He looked at Kar and Dael. They said nothing but nodded their agreement and waited for him to continue.
"So here is what I propose. I'll head down to the northeast toward those fires we saw. If there is a Kaltan force near here, that is where they'll be. If it is a hunting party, I might even be able to pick up some provisions. You and Kar ought to hunt to the east and southeast, and we'll meet later this afternoon or this evening. There is a spot we've used several times as a camp five or six miles southeast of here by the stream."
Dael nodded, acknowledging he remembered the place, but Kar asked, "But the last time we saw fires you did not want to go near them. You sensed something was not right. Do you sense any danger this time?"
"I sense danger all around us. It is dangerous to go down there, Sis. It may be more so now than then, I do not really know. But last time we did not need the provisions and information as badly as we do now."
Jaes paused and waited for Kar to say something. Finally she said, "I expect that you are right. It's just that I do not like any delay and this seems to be something that will slow us down for a while. But if this delay means we will go faster later, we should do it."
Jaes said, "It will or at least we should know we must go now as fast as possible." Don't start a fire even to smoke whatever you might get. We'll have to be careful until we know that is not a patrol down there. We should not have used a fire this morning, but it is too late to worry about that now. Yet, I do not think we gave ourselves away."
They decided upon a recognition symbol, and then broke camp. Dael and Kar left together going east toward another stream beyond the agreed upon rendezvous to a place where Dael knew he ought to be able to find plenty of fish.
Meanwhile Jaes covered their fire then began making his way down toward the fires. He moved swiftly, but kept to as much cover as possible. When he neared the area, he began going much slower, stopping and listening often.
It was not long before he discovered the first Kaltan guard. He had just reached a small stream, which flowed toward the Younger Twin, when he stopped to listen. He heard a branch snap downstream. Quickly yet quietly, he moved away from the stream into the cover of some dense brush. There he waited listening. He heard other sounds of someone moving around, but soon it became clear the person was not moving toward him. The sounds continued to come, off and on, from the same area. Jaes cautiously made his way back away from the stream, and then he circled around to approach the source of the sound. He found a Kaltan soldier standing by a tree looking very bored.
"A sentry?" Jaes said to himself. Then he thought, "It's a good thing he doesn't know what he is doing! I wonder if this is another patrol, or is it a larger force?"
Jaes decided he must answer these questions before he returned to Dael and Kar. This would take longer than he expected. A patrol was one thing, it would require them to be careful, but if this were their army or attack force, then they had no time to waste. They must immediately set out.
A half hour later his worst fears were realized. No Kaltan patrol was this! There were close to two hundred soldiers in the camp and more were coming in. They were even then making ready to take to the trail. Jaes guessed that at the latest they would be on the move by tomorrow morning.
He slipped out of the perimeter as easily as he slipped in. Then, setting as fast a pace as he dared, he started for the rendezvous. He did not doubt he would beat Dael and Kar to it, even with the extra time he taken; but he wished they would be there waiting. If they were, they could leave right then. His mind began to take stock of their situation. They now had some warmer clothing, thanks to the patrol at the river. There was a pair of boots that, with a little stuffing, fit Kar tolerably well. The air would turn colder probably before morning, and before they reached Sakol there would be snowfields to cross. Jaes concluded they could make do with what they had in this area; it was food that was the critical problem. He hoped Dael and Kar had found something. They would have to take it with them as it was and cook it later. There was no time to lose now.
Jaes was still preoccupied with these questions when he reached the meeting place. This preoccupation proved to be a grave mistake.
The rendezvous was a campsite they had used when hunting or traveling in these parts. It was a large sandbar that had several trees growing on it. It was seldom covered with water except during the spring floods. Most of the time it provided an excellent campsite.
As soon as Jaes crossed the stream and stepped into the clearing, he knew he was in trouble. First, his sixth sense began screaming an alarm. Immediately he realized it had been bothering him for some time, but he had been too preoccupied to notice it. Secondly, he saw tracks and signs in the sand that several others had been here recently. Too recently!
Without hesitation, he turned toward his right and sprinted for the bank that rose steeply some fifteen or twenty feet away. He could easily reach his crossbow, which was tied to his pack, but there was no time to cock and load it. Even as he turned there was a cry from someone in the brush at the far end of the clearing. Jaes had almost reached the bank when a stone turned under his foot, causing his ankle to twist under him. As he fell forward he heard the whoosh of arrows and felt a stabbing pain in the calf of his right leg. Then the pain shifted to his head exploding in a blaze of brilliantly colored lights as he hit the ground. Dazed he rolled over. His vision was very dim and fading even more. Before he slipped into unconsciousness Jaes was aware of two things; an arrow protruding from the side of his right boot and the face of Shul l'Tul staring at him with hatred in his eyes. Just before darkness took him he heard Shul's voice echoing faintly, "This one I shall see die very slowly."
Shul had Jaes tied to a tree while he waited for the hounds to return. By dark they had still not returned. That was probably good news, Shul thought. They've found their prey and made their kill. Even though they usually came back after a kill, they were known at times to stay and feed, then return, especially if it was dark. They would be back in the morning. Then he would find their carcasses or what was left. Now to deal with the last one!
"Time to settle accounts." he said to Jaes with a laugh. "Moglor would have liked to be here, but he's not. So I'll send him proof I've done my part. I'll send him your head and what's left of your brother and sister tomorrow." He laughed again.
"Did I tell you their fate?" They became the hunted instead of the hunters. But they probably never knew it until the last. Ha! What would have I given to have seen their faces when the hounds attacked! They give no warning, you know. There is no time to do anything but die."
"Let me tell you how they make the kill. They gut their victims; rake them with their long hind claws like a cat. It's not very pretty, but quite effective. Don't worry, though, they probably died very quickly unlike you. I'll see to it that this takes a while." Once more he broke into laughter.
Shul then summoned his guards. "There's no need for you to stay here tonight. The hounds will not be back until the morning. Return to camp, tell Captain Moglor the mission was successful and that you will bring him proof in the morning. Now leave me to finish the assignment. But be sure you are here before first light, to take the hounds."
Dael and Kar passed close to the rendezvous site, but did visit it, for the stream Dael wished to fish was a couple of miles beyond it. This they reached without incident and proceeded with their task. The fishing was good, and soon they had a sizable catch, as much as they could hope to handle. Dael suggested, since they had the time, they ought to go on ahead and see if they could find some Liban berries. These were often used when one wished to preserve meats by drying, especially fish. They extended the time the meat kept. To their good fortune they found the bushes loaded and soon had enough of the green unripe berries.
They did not retrace their path back to the meeting site, but took a different route that carried them through a large open area overgrown with large clumps of thick brush. A little before they reached the far end, Kar began to feel uneasy. She drew near to Dael and whispered, "We are being watched and followed again."
Dael, without breaking stride, reached back for his bow, which was already strung with an arrow in the clip in case they happened upon any suitable game. As he did this he asked, "The same thing that watched us in the Dead Lands?"
"No, I don't think so," said Kar. "It's not human, it is an animal this time. It is something like the cat, but it's not the cat; I can tell that, and it's getting closer, Dael."
Dael studied the terrain ahead. They were almost out of the brush, about one hundred yards or so to go. He strained to hear something, anything; but there was nothing to be heard except the sounds they made themselves.
He whispered to Kar, "If it is going to attack, it will probably do so very soon, before we get out of the brush. Keep your eyes, ears, and whatever else you have open. I need to know where it is."
They kept on walking, but slower now. Dael fitted an arrow to the string, keeping one in the clip. There were seventy-five yards left. He watched the terrain ahead, but there was still no sign of anything. "That large clump of brush ahead on the left," Dael asked himself, "did I see it move?" He concentrated his attention on it as they drew even with it. Nothing happened.
"It's very close." Kar whispered shivering. "But I don't know where. It seems to be both ahead of and behind us. I can't tell."
"Keep close." Dael muttered.
Then ahead Dael caught a glimpse of movement off to his left. "That's good!" he thought to himself half aloud, "Now I know where you are."
To Kar he said, "Get behind me to my right, I'm sure I saw it."
Kar moved behind him a stared ahead. Yet, try as she would, she was unable to see anything that might be their possible attacker. But it was coming now. This she knew without a doubt, though she saw nothing. Then she felt a prickling sensation on the back of her neck as if someone were standing behind her. Quickly she turned.
There, almost upon them, was a monstrous apparition as if out of hell itself. Silently it was coming in long leaping bounds, red eyes gleaming in its scaly face. She was paralyzed in terror. Then what was holding her immobile broke and she screamed.
"Dael, behind you!"
Dael turned drawing his bow as he did. There was only a split second, for the apparition was making its final leap. Its long powerful hind legs launched it directly at Kar.
The instant his bow was lined up with a point directly ahead of the beast, Dael released his arrow. The arrow flew true and met the target exactly where Dael had aimed. Dael continued turning and, in one motion, pushed Kar and himself out of the way to one side just in time. The animal, even then dead with an arrow deep in its chest, hurled through the very spot the two had been standing and crashed to the ground behind them.
Dael quickly scrambled to his feet and put another arrow to his string, but the hideous creature did not move. So this was the hound whose tracks they had seen. It was indeed something to fear with those large claws on the hind feet!
Kar was still sobbing when Dael returned to her. He lay down the bow and put his arm around her. "It's over now," he said, "the thing is dead."
"No, it's not! It's still alive!" She insisted. Dael looked back quickly, but the carcass had not moved. "No, Sis, " he said, "It's dead. It is there behind us on the ground."
Kar quickly rose to her feet and looked at the still form of the great beast lying on the ground. She walked slowly toward it, stopped, then reached out with her boot and touched it. Suddenly she turned to Dael.
"There's another, Dael! There were at least two of them! That's why I could not tell where they were. There are, were, two of them. There's is another and it is still watching us!"
Dael nodded and quickly put the arrow back to the string. Again he studied the terrain, but as before there was no sign of a thing.
"Can you tell where it is hiding?" Dael asked.
Kar shut her eyes and was still for several moments. Then she looked back from where they had come, then ahead to where the brush ended and the forest began. Finally she said, "There, up there ahead. I'm sure of it."
"Sis, the best thing to do is to get this business finished. We know about where the beast is, That is in our favor. If we manage to avoid it now, it will just follow us waiting for the right opportunity to strike. It is better for us to choose the place of attack, than it. This is as good a place as any. We will have to face it sooner or later, sooner seems preferable. We will be able to travel faster knowing we are not about to become a meal for...one of these things."
"What do we do?" his sister asked.
"We'll keep on going in the direction we were going except veer a little more to the right. We do not want to come directly at it. If it senses we are attacking it, it might retreat. We do not want that, we want it to attack us. Moving to our right a little will insure it will attack from our left. It's easier to turn and shoot to that side than to the right."
I don't think it will wait until we get right up to us and jump out of the brush. Judging from the dead one there, they are accustomed to running down their prey and leaping upon them to knock them down. If it follows its instincts, it will probably attack when we are some distance from it; not too far away, but not right beside it either."
"You stay behind me on my right again and tell me every thing you know about where this thing may be as soon as you sense it. The more I know the better."
Dael quickly reached down and worked the arrow free from the dead animal, handing it to Kar to hold. Then he started forward once more. As before, they moved slowly and cautiously, alert to any sight or sound. And again as before, there was no sign of the beast. But this time Kar's special sense guided them.
"It's up ahead on the left." She said. "Very close now!"
They were approaching a very large clump of brush and the closer they came, the more certain Kar was. "It's in there, Dael," she whispered.
They were about fifty feet away when the shape exploded from the brush at an incredible speed. Even Dael, looking for such an attack, was unprepared for this one. Had the animal delayed its attack until they were just a few feet closer, it well could have been the victor. But its instincts determined its timing.
Dael barely had time to draw the bow as he shifted his arm left. He did not have time to complete the draw, but released the arrow early, then again ducked, pulling Kar with him to the ground. This time the great shape did not collapse upon the ground behind them. Its front feet gave way as it hit the ground and stumbled. It tumbled over once, and then regaining its balance, it bounded off into the brush as quickly as it had come.
"You missed!" Kar exclaimed.
"No, I hit it, but it was not a killing shot. I think I hit the right shoulder. Yes, see! There's blood on the ground up there. It's a bad wound. It may survive, but in any case it will not be following us or anyone else for quite a while."
"Quick now, let's get out of here. We've got to find Jaes and warn him, if it is not already too late."
"But they are both dead, or gone. I can sense that. That other one has left us. You said it would not be bothering anyone. Jaes should be all right, unless you think there may be more of these things."
"There could be, who knows?" Dael replied. "But I'm more concerned with the two legged variety. These are not native beasts or wild animals; these are trained killers, Kaltan killers. That means a patrol is somewhere near. There have to be trainers and others to take care of these things. We have to find Jaes and warn him of this. Then we have to get out of this area quickly. They might find the carcass of the one we killed or the wounded one might return to its handlers. That arrow will be a dead giveaway and tell them as clearly as shouting it that we are near. Come on!"
Partings
The guards had left Shul to carry out his vengeance, going back downstream to Moglor's camp well before all the remaining light in the sky faded. When they were gone, Shul built up the fire, took out his knife, sat down in front of Jaes and began to hone the blade. This was more for effect than to sharpen it, for it was already sharp enough to shave with. It was long and dark, the blade curved to a sharp point, Jaes knew this was no hunting knife, but one Shul had acquired from his new friends, a fighter's weapon. All that could be heard was the crackling of the fire, the sound of a kalar blade being rubbed on a honing strip and the forlorn cry of a lone bird as it prepared to settle down for the night.
Jaes, who had not spoken up to this point, suddenly broke his silence. "Why did you betray the Valley?" he asked.
Shul looked up in surprise. "So you will talk now? You think to put it off as long as possible. All right, I'll let you think about it. It'll make it even sweeter."
"Why betray the Valley? What do you care now? It makes no difference, but I'll tell you anyway. It won't lessen your pain. We did it for the profit. Being a hunter pays little; you know that as well as I. Oh, you can make a living from it, but just that. You will never get rich. I intended to have more, and now I do. I own the whole valley! I rule it, or will as soon as this Kaltan fool has left! All he wants is Sakol, to which he's welcome. I'll have the Valley!"
"How did you ever find this secret way to Sakol? I cannot make myself believe that you found it!" Jaes asked with a sneer in his voice.
Shul responded violently. He jumped to his feet and backhanded Jaes hard across the face. "You think you're such a fine woodsman, don't you! Yet you walked right into my trap. I knew you three would go up the ridge after that encounter at Gold River. Did you really think I'd bring the hounds back down there to track you? No, I came straight here. I even knew you would come to this very campsite. You and that snob brother you have, bragged about this place once. I've used it too, but you too probably never thought about that. Ha!"
"We crossed your trail back up there where you came down the ridge. Anyone could have found it. When you split up, we sent the hounds after the other two and we came here to wait for you."
Shul went back to where the gear was stored and put the honing strip up.
Then he said, "The way to Sakol? That was found by a Sakol patrol. There was an icefall or something that uncovered a passage through the walls on the west. The Sakol patrol dutifully reported it to their commander, who is well paid."
He laughed at this point, and then continued. "Paid by Moglor, not his own people. So no one there knows about it. It seems the patrol did not return from their mission. We've already been up there, the Kaltan and I. We've actually looked inside the Citadel, and they never knew they were being watched."
Jaes interrupted him. "So where is this mysterious way?"
Shul laughed again. "Now, you're too nosy. You can just die wondering where it is, although, that will be the last thing on your mind, I promise you. Yes, I'm going to enjoy this."
He approached Jaes and waved the point of the knife slowly back and forth just below his eyes. "I think I'll do you a favor." He broke into laughter.
"You do not really want to see what I'm going to do to you, so I'll start with your eyes."
As the knife stopped waving and began to move slowly toward Jaes' eye there was a dull thud. The evil grin on Shul's face froze. The knife dropped a fraction of an inch, stopping just short of Jaes' eye. Slowly Shul turned. Then Jaes saw an arrow protruding from the center of his back. As he dropped to the ground, Dael and Kar ran into the light.
"Are you hurt? I'm sorry we took so long." Dael said as he started to free Jaes from the ropes that held him to the tree.
Jaes groaned. "I thought for certain that the world was going to be a little darker. I heard your signal and knew you were coming. It is a good thing that one there did not know one bird from another, or he might have tried to trap you two as well."
"We knew something was wrong when you did not reply, so we took it slow, almost too slow." Dael replied.
"I tried to learn something from him when I knew you were near. I also thought it might distract him and keep him from hearing any noise you might have made. But all it seemed to do was speed up his desire to carve me into small pieces. I wasn't sure you were going to get here in time. Thanks."
"But are you all right?" Kar insisted. "Your head is bleeding!"
Jaes, now free from his bonds sat on a nearby fallen tree trunk.
"It was, but it isn't now. My ears are still ringing from his slap he gave me just now." Jaes said. "I slipped earlier and fell trying to get away when I saw it was a trap. I guess I hit my head on a rock or something and cut my scalp. It bled a lot, but it's a minor thing. I took an arrow in the boot, but it is not bad either, at least, I do not think it is. They must have pulled it out when I was unconscious. But it does not hurt too much, and it does not feel as if it did much damage."
Kar lifted his foot and began to pull up the leggings. Jaes winced and groaned. Then he said, "The real damage, I fear, is that I've sprained my ankle."
A brief examination proved that this, indeed, was the case. The arrow had not hit his leg directly, but it had been a glancing blow. The leather material of his leggings and especially the tough leather of his boot had deflected the shaft even more. There was a deep cut, but the muscle had only been nicked. He would certainly feel the wound for a while, but it would heal quickly. His ankle, however, was swollen and tender. When Kar began to unlace his boot, Jaes stopped her, saying, "Let's wait until we get out of here. He sent the other soldiers back to this Moglor's camp, but someone may yet return. We ought not to stay here any longer than possible. Help me get my gear together then we will leave."
As they gathered up Jaes' gear, he also directed them to search Shul's things and the rest of the camp for any other supplies they could find. This search turned out to be very successful for there was an abundant supply of dried meat and fruit. Gathering this together and all the arrows they could find, they left with Jaes leaning on Dael and hobbling as best he could.
They entered the small stream and slowly waded their way down it for half a mile until it joined the larger stream. Here they turned and followed this back upstream for a couple of miles, then left the water along a large rocky self. Eventually they found a place to rest.
Kar carefully removed Jaes' boot. Although they could not see much in the darkness, for the clouds had returned blanketing the fires of Daggeth and they did not dare a fire, they managed to determine that nothing was broken. It was only a sprain, however, a bad one.
"That is very bad news." Jaes finally said. "You two are going to have to go on without me."
Kar immediately objected. "No, Jaes! You did not leave me in Rivervillage and we are not going to leave you now. We can hide from these soldiers until you are well enough to travel. Besides, Dael shot two of these hounds. One at least is dead, the other won't be tracking anyone for a while, or so Dael says. We'll wait until you can travel in a day or two."
"You got those hounds?" Jaes asked Dael. "I wondered about that when I heard Shul set them on your scent. They sounded bad."
"They were!" Dael replied. "Yet if you have a sister to tell you where they are, it's easier. Without her, Jaes, they would have got us. They never made a sound; you would not know they were there until it was too late. And they are fast! She warned me they were coming, even told me where one was waiting, yet even with that, it was close. I tell you, Jaes, we should have taken her hunting with us long ago. We could have saved ourselves a lot of trouble."
Jaes laughed. "I don't know about that, Little Brother. We may have found more game, but save ourselves trouble?"
Kar said, "Do you want your other leg sprained too?"
"See, what did I tell you!" said Jaes. Then he was more serious. "No, Kar you do not understand. We could not leave you with the soldiers, but you will not be leaving me with them. You've already rescued me! They will not be able to find me now. The only thing that really worried me until just now was the possibility of those hounds, but it seems that you have even taken care of that detail. While there could be more, the way Shul talked I'm fairly sure there were only these. No, I'll be fine and I'll catch up with you two in Sakol. I'll follow when I can."
"But you have to go now." he continued. You did not see what I did. These soldiers were not just part of a patrol, they are part of the main attack force. The main body is about two or three hours back. Their leader, this Moglor, is even closer in a camp just below us. They will likely start their march toward Sakol in the morning. You do not have a day or two to spare to wait for me. You have to go now, and you have to go quickly. You must make as much speed as possible. I tried to learn from Shul just where the entrance was, but I did not. I did learn that it was a tunnel or a cave of some sort. This may make your work harder. I had hoped it was a pass in the cliffs; that would have been much easier to find. You may be forced to spend a lot more time, which you don't have, trying to find this cave. He did say that he and their leader had been there. If I were you, I would head for the dip in the mountains once you cross the Knife's Edge. I still think it is somewhere there. They may have left some signs on their last visit to guide you."
Kar burst in. "But we can't leave you to be captured!"
"I will not be captured, Sis. I'm not fast enough to keep up with you two, but I will be able to move in the morning. They won't find me."
Dael added, "He's right, Kar; he has as much chance as we do, I think probably better than we do. You do not know Jaes. If he wants to stay hidden, I doubt if I could find him; these soldiers certainly won't. We'll be in more danger than he."
Kar mumbled, "I don't know. Thinking of separating now is hard."
"It is hard." Jaes agreed. "I do not want to leave you two to try this by yourselves either. But try as I may, I see no other way to do it." He turned to Dael. "I think I had better trade you your bow for my crossbow. Once you get out of the forest and on the rock slopes above, it might be more useful than your bow if you are pursued. I did not see any of their Kaltan's carrying anything but their large bows. If it comes to fighting, you'll be way ahead. Kar has your spare bow if you need it. And as far as I am concerned, I think your bow would serve me better than this, if I were to need a weapon."
Dael did not object to this, seeing the potential value of Jaes' weapon. He did object when Jaes tried to make them take all the dried food, saying he would be able to hunt. In the end, Jaes grudging agreed to a share of the food, Kar even more grudgingly agreed to go with Dael, leaving Jaes behind.
Their last hours together were spent with Jaes directing Dael on the lands beyond the Knife's Edge where Dael had never traveled. It was not easy saying goodbye, knowing that this could be the last time each would ever see the other. Tears flowed freely while words were difficult to find. But finally Kar and Dael left under the thick darkness of night that seemed only to reflect and intensify the darkness within their hearts.
Jaes also left a while after his brother and sister. He had spent some time pondering his actions. While he could not hope to keep up with them at the pace they must keep, maybe there was something he could do to slow the Kaltan force down and give his brother and sister a little more time. But first he had to make sure they did not find him.
Jaes knew that not far from where he now sat along this stream was another cave. It was not so large as the one they had stayed in several days ago nor was it part of the extensive cave system in the Snowy Mountains, but it was well hidden. The Kaltan force would no doubt come this way.
"First things first," He thought to himself. "I can rest up there and after they pass by I'll be right behind them."
Jaes fashioned a makeshift crutch out of a piece of driftwood and began to hobble up the stream again. Soon he came upon another branch flowing into it from the east. Turning he followed this until he came to pool. The stream fell into the pool over a falls. Making his way behind the falls he found a crevice and slipped inside. It was dark; Jaes hoped nothing else had decided to call this home. He tried to listen above the sound of the falls but could hear nothing. Opening his pack, he felt for his tinder kit. When he found it he started a small fire with his tinder and lit a candle he had. Now he could see that nothing else was sharing this space. Moving back away from the entrance he found some old dry wood he had brought in some years ago. It was well decayed but there were some parts that he could use. He started a small fire, laid out his boots and other articles of clothing to dry while he thought about his next move.
"There are some cave fish here that will be easy enough to catch. I have some more food now. If I let the main body pass by the supplies and pack equipment will be in the back of the unit. I could always borrow a pack animal from them, that way I can keep up."
Having decided this Jaes then decided to get a little sleep before the Kaltan forces passed up tis way.
The Citadel
After a rest, which seemed only too short, they went on until Dael found a sheltered spot where they could sleep for a couple of hours. The wind was cold, blowing from the east; but sheltered and wrapped in the blankets, they slept. Finally Dael woke Kar and they began again.
Soon the tall pines were left behind, and the short scrub mountain brush took over. It was not long before this, too, disappeared, leaving just the small hardy plants that clung to the sides of the slopes. The two toiled upward, pushing themselves harder and harder, going until their bodies would go no more. They seldom spoke, saving their strength for the labor of picking their feet up and setting them down again one step closer to their goal.
The day passed, night overtook them on the western slopes of the Knife's Edge only a few miles from the high pass; but they could go no farther.
Dael managed a small, brief fire for fuel was hard to find this high. Built in a cave-like depression out of the wind, they were able to draw some feeble warmth from it before it exhausted its meager supply of twigs and branches. They did not attempt to cook anything. There was no need, for the fish they had left; all their provisions were dried. They slowly chewed the tough hard meat and even this took more energy than they had. Wrapping themselves in their blankets, they huddled together for warmth while sleep quickly overtook them.
The next day appeared much too quickly. It was cold and clear, traces of snow, which had fallen in the night, could be seen. It did not amount to much, not even enough to cover the gray-brown ground, but it did indicate that winter was not far off, even for the valleys below.
After they had made ready to go Dael carefully covered all traces of their fire. "I do not think anyone is that close on our trail, but there is no point in taking chances." he said to Kar.
The last few miles to the high pass were not too difficult for they had already had reached the height necessary. They were not climbing now, but the way was rough and broken, running between jagged boulders and across rough rock. They trudged on until at last they were between the rock walls of the pass itself. Then suddenly stretched out below them were the high mountain meadows of the upper part of the Elder Twin Valley.
It was a bright morning, the sun shone in their faces as they were now going almost due east. No clouds sailed above in the deep blue of the sky, but every breath they exhaled produced its own miniature cloud.
At last they could see their goal very clearly about a day's journey away, where the walls of the Citadel Mountains dipped. There, they hoped, lay the secret back way into Sakol.
Dael looked back across the lands they had crossed. "I don't see any signs of anyone, fires, smoke or anything. But then, I don't suppose I would. They would not be foolish enough to advertise their presence once they started their march, at least not after going to so much trouble to make it secret. But they cannot be more than two days back."
"Well, Sis, let's start down. Keep your eyes open for any indication that someone else has been up here, will you?"
Kar agreed, although she told Dael someone would probably have to leave her a written message before she would be able to tell if they had been here. As they walked she asked Dael, "Why did you and Jaes trade your bow and crossbow? I thought he liked it better."
Dael chuckled. "He does, Sis. You obviously have not heard some of our quieter discussions in the past over the relative merits of a bow and a crossbow."
She shook her head. "I never paid any attention to you two when you were arguing, you were always arguing over something."
"You're right there. But actually we agree more than disagree. At least we do about our weapons, the difference being about which we prefer. A crossbow has a much longer range than a bow; you can shoot it farther. It's more powerful and you can carry more bolts than you can arrows. But it takes a lot longer to cock and to load."
"Jaes likes it because he can hit an animal without having to get as close as I have to get with my bow. I like the bow because I can get a second shot if I miss with my first. Jaes gets no second shot."
"We traded because, if he gets in a fight, his crossbow will be a limitation. He will not fight unless he is forced to do so; but, if he has to, the time it takes to reload the crossbow gives someone time to move in closer. If you are going to fight in a forest, better to have the bow."
"On the other hand, if we were attacked up here, we would be more likely to see the enemy coming from a good distance. A crossbow, with its much longer range, is an advantage. I could pick them off before they get close enough to fire their own bows. Too, a bolt is harder to dodge than an arrow, they are much more difficult to see coming. Do you understand?"
"I think so, but I'll leave the strategy up to you and Jaes."
The next stage of their journey took them downward very slightly as they worked their way toward the Elder Twin. Up here it was but a stream, fast, clear, and cold. It's beginning was a little higher up at the beginning of the ice fields which guarded the high Elder Twin Pass over the Southern Range. This stream, fed by these fields, quickly gained strength and momentum from the many other streams that emptied into it on its way down the valley. By it Kar, to her surprise, found the evidence they were on the right path.
"Dael, come here!" she shouted when they stopped to take a break. Dael had walked upstream a little ways while Kar rested. Seeing a place back away from the stream that had several clumps of large brush, she had wandered over thinking to find and collect some branches for a fire later that night. There were few to find, however, and soon she discovered why. Someone else had already burned them; the ashes of the fire were still clearly visible.
Dael returned and looked over the remains of the fire carefully, then examined the area around it. He finally said, "We are in luck. I'll bet that it was not a month ago that whoever made this fire was here. I'm certain it was Shul and that other one, either going or coming from those mountains. It seems very likely now they were headed towards the dip in the Citadel Mountains."
As they both looked east and a little to the north, the great walls of the Citadel loomed large indeed. Towering above them all was Boac Daggeth, the Fortress of Daggeth. There were many other higher mountains in the Southern Range, but this one dominated the Citadel Mountains. It rose to a peak high above the rest overlooking the secluded valley lying between the arms of the surrounding mountains. Just north of this peak was the dip, their destination
For the next ten miles the slope again rose upward, but the grade was not steep as they followed a small freshet back up toward the gap. Although Dael saw no signs of any others who had passed this way, he felt sure this must have been the route taken by the enemy earlier. It was late that afternoon in the red glow of the setting sun when they stopped still several miles from the mountain walls.
They were very high, but still the mountains rose above them. The tops of the lowest peaks in the dip were still more than three thousand feet higher than they. An army would be hard pressed to pass over this lowest place in the Citadel's walls. Dael stared at the rock walls and the high peaks. Where, he wondered, was the way? Certainly they did not plan to climb over these!
His eyes followed the line of the Citadel as it sliced up to the north. Then his gaze shifted and he noticed Kar resting on a boulder, eyes closed. This trek had taken its toll on her; she was exhausted. They could not go much further today in any case. Now it was necessary to have the full light of day to see, lest they miss the cave or tunnel. He shrugged off his pack.
"We'll stop here, Sis. It's as good a place as any around here and it is getting too dark to see clearly now."
She nodded and dropped her pack to the ground. Then she followed it and stretched out upon the ground resting her head upon the pack.
Dael took out the blankets, covered her, and then he too lay down next to her. He immediately dropped off in a sleep of exhaustion.
But neither of them slept well; they were too sore, tired and cold. Dael woke often during the night. Once he rose and walked a short distance to a point from where he could look back across the high plateau, but he saw no signs of an army following. He did not really expect to see any, whether or not they were there.
Kar woke twice, once because the blanket slipped off, once for another reason. She dreamed they were back in the cave at Willow Falls. It was dark with a cold wind blowing through the tunnels. The cat had returned for she could clearly feel it watching. Although the darkness was total, she knew exactly the direction and the distance it was sitting from her. She sat up; but the cat continued its vigil, watching and waiting. But waiting for what? Finally she could bear it no more. "Leave us alone!" she shouted. Then she realized she could dimly see. She was no longer in the cave at all, but sitting up in the open, staring in the darkness at the mountain walls ahead.
Dael lifted his head quickly. "Are you all right?" he asked.
"Yes," Kar replied, "it was just a dream, I'm fine."
Dael laid back down while Kar sat there for a moment. Slowly the feeling of the presence of the cat began to fade. It was almost gone when she too laid back down on the cold ground and drifted back off into sleep.
The sun rose crisp and cold, bright and clear. Dael built a small fire with the wood they had collected the day before. He heated water obtained from a small stream nearby over the fire, dropping into the small pot dried leaves he had carried in his pack. These were a mixture of wild herbs he, at times, used to make a spicy but somewhat stimulating tea. They huddled as close as they could to the fire, drank the steaming brew, and chewed the dried meat.
Dael explained to Kar what they must do that day. "We have to find the tunnel or cave, or we'll have to make another choice. We can try to climb over this, it might be possible to do it, but it will be very, very difficult. Or we can turn back."
At this last suggestion Kar shook her head. "To have come so far and be so close, just to quit? No, we cannot turn back, Dael, even if it means we have to try to climb over those." She stared in the direction of the mountain walls. "I am still uncomfortable after that dream last night. There is someone, possibly more, somewhat near us, I think. Maybe it's the Kaltans; I don't really know. We should be careful but we have to hurry."
Dael agreed. "Jaes felt the tunnel had to be up ahead somewhere, but that is still a large area to search. It looks as if the ice fields begin up there." He pointed to the southeast. "This stream must have its start there, so let's start on this side of the ice field and work our way north."
They pack their possessions and started out once more. Soon they reached the rock walls. These appeared as if they had been suddenly thrust straight up from the ground. Although there were fissures and cracks, they found no tunnel, or any easy way up.
Dael and Kar worked their way to the north going very slowly. After several miles Dael halted. "I must have made a wrong choice back there. The cliffs are getting higher and higher, that means more rock through which the tunnel must pass. If there were one, it probably is in the narrowest section of the mountains here. We ought to go back and try the other direction."
But as they started back, Kar stopped them. "Dael, I think we are about to have company."
"The Kaltans traveled much faster than I thought they would!" Dael replied unbelievingly.
"It may not be them." Kar said. "There are only a few, I think. They are coming from the direction we just came. If we had kept going north, we would have run into them."
"We need to get out of sight!" Dael quickly whispered. An outcropping of the ice field flowed down through a small rift in the rock at this place. This they climbed, keeping to the edge until they found a hiding place behind a large rock.
At first, they could hear nothing except the wind blowing among the rocks and ice. Then they heard the sounds of steps and rocks being dislodged. Finally three men came into view below. They were not Kaltan soldiers, being dressed in the garb of hunters. It appeared they were hunting since they carried their bows strung in hand.
Dael whispered to Kar, "They are searching for something or someone, or they wouldn't be carrying their bows as they are. They might also be expecting trouble." Dael had himself, loaded and cocked the crossbow. Kar's bow was also strung and within reach. He kept the crossbow pointed in the direction of those below.
"We'll let them pass then go back the way we came."
"But who are they?" Kar asked almost inaudibly.
"I do not know, but we cannot afford to take a chance this side of the Citadel Mountains."
The three below had moved past them now and Dael had lowered the crossbow when a voice above them said, "I thank you for not making me shoot. No, do not turn around! If you had not lowered your bow I would have had to do so."
As Dael again made a slight move the voice continued. "No, again I tell you, do not be foolish. Stay where you are, but place your weapons on the ground."
Dael had no choice. He slowly obeyed. They both stood there while the voice called out to those below. "Captain, I believe those for whom you search are up here!"
"They are Kaltans!" Dael said under his breath to Kar with a sinking feeling.
When the three below heard the cry they acted immediately. Two men quickly put arrows to their strings and took a position ready to fire. The third man started up the slope toward them. The voice behind them now instructed them to start down very slowly and carefully.
They obeyed. The man coming up the slope stopped and moved well to one side out of the line of fire from below and let them pass. Then he continued upward to collect their weapons and talk with their captor. As soon as Dael and Kar had descended from the ice field, they were ordered to a large rock and made to sit facing it. They could not see what was going on, but they could hear.
The third man had returned and with him the one who had captured them, the voice. It was he who was speaking. "...searching the high meadows outside last night and happened upon these two. I followed them, curious as to why they were up here near the borders. When you came along they hid. I stayed out of sight until I realized you were hunting them."
Just then another man spoke, obviously the one sent up the ice field that had accompanied the voice down. "Captain, this is Abal l'Tok, a free scout. He has been out searching for his brother. He had been watching these two for a while and when he saw they were hiding from us, he acted."
"That is interesting." Dael though to himself, "These do not know each other." A sudden thought struck him. He spoke out. "Are you from Sakol?"
"Shut up prisoner!" was the only response. This was made by yet another speaker, one of those who waited below. He seemed to be the one addressed as Captain. He continued.
"Free Scout Abal, we are grateful. These two, no doubt, would have shot us down from behind if you had not been alert."
"I do not believe so, Sir." the scout replied. "They were not trying to shoot you, just remain hidden. Their intention was to slip back the way they had come to try to avoid you."
"Nonsense!" the captain spit out. "We have been ordered to find the spies operating in these parts. These are they. They might have even been responsible for your brother's death. Tell me, Scout, where is your partner?"
The man hesitated as if in thought then he said, "She is out hunting in the meadows, that is where I left her. She will return to night."
"Good!" The captain replied. "Now let's see what these spies have to say. Turn around!"
Dael and Kar turned to face their captors who had taken up positions well apart to guard them. One man stood on a large rock to their right with an arrow on the string, ready to draw if needed. Another was similarly stationed to their left. Directly before them stood the third man of the party along with the one called Abal. They did not look much like soldiers. There wore no uniforms, although each of them, excepting the scout, wore a large blue leather belt. The scout was dressed and armed like the typical hunter. His bow was on his back, although it was still strung, and he carried a large knife in a scabbard on his side. He now sat on a rock to the left of the captain inspecting Dael's crossbow, which was still cocked and loaded.
The captain upon seeing Kar spoke, "A girl! These must be the ones!"
"A woman!" Kar stated. "And we are not spies. We are coming to warn Sakol that they are about to be attacked. There's an army, a Kaltan army, behind us. They are planning a secret attack."
"Shut up, stupid woman! Do not expect us to believe such a story as that. You are a spy and you will be treated as one, woman or no."
The scout spoke up. "Wait a minute, what do you mean? Is there a Kaltan force marching up across the high meadow? Is..."
The captain raised his hand and interrupted. "I'll do the questioning, if you please. There's no army. How could there be? How could they attack? The Citadel prevents them from coming this way. She is just trying to prolong her life a little longer, but it will not work. They are spies. There is no other reason for them being up here. Therefore, we shall execute them now."
He signaled to his men. "I've got my orders," he said to the scout near him.
The scout set the crossbow down and took a step forward. "Wait, Captain. Orders or not, we must check this out. Besides which, I've never heard of any orders ever being given to execute spies on the spot. They must be tried. That is our law."
"There's a secret way into Sakol, a tunnel." Dael said. "Kaltan found out about it. They plan upon slipping a force inside to attack. We think they will try to capture the main gate and probably wait for another larger force to reinforce them from the front."
"That should be easy enough to check," the scout said. "Captain, as a free scout I've got certain authority as you know. I insist we look into this. There are stories of caves in the ice fields. We'll check it, and then if their story is not verified, then we'll decide what to do with them."
"Too bad, Scout." the captain said with a low voice. "But I must follow my orders. They are more important than your authority, which I do not recognize. My instructions are to try to stop anyone trying to get into Sakol here, especially two brothers and their sister. You understand, I hope, that Sakol must not be warned. My men are covering you. So do not make any sudden move.
Dael saw that one of the guards had trained his bow upon the scout.
"Will you kill me as well?" the free scout asked.
"You have heard too much. These two are spies, you see. They are spies against Kaltan. You all know too much so I have no other choice." He motioned for his men to finish the matter.
Abal and Shalir
There was no warning; one instant the guard on the right was drawing his bow to carry out his captain's orders, the next he was buried by an avalanche of flying fur. The sheer weight of the animal that landed upon him drove the guard to the ground and into unconsciousness. The great cat then carefully stepped over the fallen guard turning to face the captain and the remaining guard.
For a moment they were distracted. This was all the scout needed. He reached for the crossbow on the rock where he had left it. He had deliberately set it, loaded and cocked, within reach. A second later, as the guard turned back toward the scout, a bolt imbedded itself in his shoulder. He cried and dropped his bow grasping his wounded shoulder.
The scout did not stop to watch, for he immediately turned to face the captain. Seeing the man reach for an arrow, he acted. A swift blow knocked it from his hand. The captain reacted quickly drawing a knife. But he did not use it for the cat leaped forward and stopped about five feet from him growling.
"That will be of very little use against Shalir, Captain. Yours may be a little larger, but she has many more knives that are just as sharp as the one you carry. I promise you that you are quite dead unless you drop that knife right now. You are a threat to her as long as you hold it, and she does not tolerate threats very well at all!"
The man hesitated for a second or two until the great cat growled and moved forward a step. Then he dropped the knife, saying, "Call off your cat, Scout."
While the scout picked up the weapons belonging to the captain, the cat, now seemingly satisfied that all was well, turned and walked a short distance away, sat down, and began to groom herself. The scout commanded the man to sit down.
"If you try to leave, Shalir will come after you; sit there very still and you are safe."
The cat, Shalir, as if to say she agreed, stopped grooming and began to stare at the terrified man.
Meanwhile, Dael had not been still. As soon as the cat had left the man it had flattened, he had rushed over, picked up the man's bow and appropriated his arrows. He quickly motioned Kar over behind him, and then stood ready to defend them both.
The scout without seeming to notice Dael or Kar walked to the wounded guard to inspect the wound. Satisfied he was not in danger of bleeding to death, he collected the man's bow and knife as a precaution. Then he turned and walked toward Dael and Kar. Dael raised the bow, but did not draw the string. The scout took no notice and continued toward them.
He said, "You do not have to be afraid of me or my companion, Shalir. I am truly sorry I was almost responsible for your deaths, not to mention my own. I did not think then, which is an affliction I seem to have all too often, that it was they who were the enemy. But in days as these who knows what is truly in the heart of man!"
Dael nodded and asked incredulously, "The cat does not flee? It, she knows you?"
"Ah, but you do not ask the usual question which is, will she harm you? That is perceptive. No, she does not leave, nor will she, unless of course, they attempt to flee." This the scout said motioning in the direction of the two men sitting on the ground and raising his voice so they would be sure to hear the last statement.
As the scout inspected the man knocked to the ground by Shalir, he continued, "Yes, we know each other; she is my partner. When I told that captain there she was still in the meadows, I was not quite truthful. And for that inaccuracy I beg your pardon, although in truth she was there earlier. Perhaps that that twisting of the truth was wrong, but at that moment I was caught off guard by his question and did not have time to think of any other answer. I had, as it turns out, reasons not to reveal her presence."
"But she was there last night and in a cave several days ago!" Kar said staring at the cat.
The scout rose to his feet and looked at Kar strangely. Then he spoke, "Yes, she was. You must tell me how you know that later, but right now tell me quickly about this Kaltan attack. For if this is so, then we are in great danger."
Dael explained briefly the circumstances of their journey, what they knew of the Kaltan force and what they suspected concerning the tunnel.
Finally the scout spoke, "Let us see if we can find this tunnel. That should not be too difficult because I think our friends over there, who are not so friendly, just might know where it is to be found. I believe they have recently come through it."
The scout approached the captain who only scowled at them. "I am going to give you a chance to live. If you do not cooperate I shall allow Shalir to practice her hunting abilities at your expense. Game, as you should know, is scarce up here, and I do believe she is quite hungry."
The cat growled.
"Ah, yes, that she is! The choice, then, is this. Take us to the tunnel, now and without delay. You and your men will then be allowed to go, not back to Sakol, but that way, to those who are coming. You may join them. If not, well then Shalir gets to play with you."
Again the captain hesitated. Dael thought this was to impress the conscious guard of his bravery. But when Shalir rose and started walking slowly towards the men sitting on the ground his hesitation quickly vanished. They swiftly made ready to travel, binding the arm of the wounded guard and reviving the other still lying unconscious on the ground. His confusion was only surpassed by his fear of Shalir.
Two hours later after climbing an ice flow, they entered a narrow defile leading back into the mountain walls. This hidden canyon wound back until at its far end they found it, the secret entrance into the protected valley of Sakol.
Dael told more of how they had come to learn of the impending attack and of their journey to that point.
The scout listened carefully then, when Dael was finished, said, "I have yet to formally introduce myself and Shalir, although we have now traveled some distance together. I am Abal l'Tok, once a fisherman on the great river, but now a free scout of Sakol. That, of course, is what they, the military leaders, call us. We call ourselves Lomir Landon, those chosen by the great cats, the Sulareth, as hunting partners. Shalir is my partner, although that is only my name for her and one she has learned to answer to. She calls herself by no name that I know. I do not think that concept even exists for her."
"Excuse me, but I tend to ramble, they say, and be long winded. My brother also was chosen by the Sulareth; we both were together. His partner was Salir's brother or cub-mate. Logal was his name, if you will. They were out here several months ago searching for something--I do not know what--, but something happened. As far as I can learn, my brother met his death while Logal was away hunting. He never returned, nor was his body ever found. But he is dead of that I am certain for the bond between him and Logal was broken as only death can break it. Logal eventually made his way back to us. Shalir and I, we came up here to try to find out what happened and why."
"She found your scent on the high meadows and we followed you. She did visit you last night. Yet how you know this, daughter of Keel, interests me, for I am certain she was not seen by you nor did she leave any trail on the rock. But she did not stay long and returned to me this morning before I came up here ahead of you. The rest you know, for you were a part of it."
Kar asked, "Are they...is she, Shalir, dangerous? No, wait. Dael has already explained that to me. I know she is dangerous. What I mean to ask, I guess, is this; would she have stalked that poor man and hunted him, if you had ordered her or allowed her to do it? Dael has told me these cats do not bother people."
Abal shook his head. "Your brother knows much. He is right. She might have stalked him although I cannot, as you said, ordered her to do this. I can suggest such an action to her; even make the suggestion very strong. She would have probably stalked him and even attacked him as she did that one guard. But remember he was only bruised; Shalir only knocked him down. She does not realize the force she carries on such a leap. She would not have killed or seriously hurt him at all. She will only kill to eat or defend herself or me. Since she would not eat our good captain, even if she were starving, he would have had to be attacking her or threatening her in some way. But since he did not know that, the threat I made was very real, to him at least. I have convinced Shalir to look and sound very ferocious on a suggestion from me. It is, you see, very useful at times. I think she enjoys it, to her it is like a game."
Dael interrupted him, "Shouldn't we be going through the tunnel and then down to warn your people or someone on the other side?"
"Yes, we should go through the tunnel, at least. And we shall need light. I have no torches with me, nor can we easily make one up here. And we should wait until Shalir returns, in the dark she could warn us if there were others waiting in there."
"I have a candle." Dael replied. "We can probably make a torch. Kar has some oil, and we can use some arrows and part of an old blanket. It should work for a little while."
"That is well. You are very resourceful as I continue to learn. So let us see what we can arrange in preparation as we wait."
They prepared crude but effective torches that they brought to the dark entrance. Kar stood at the opening and stared into the darkness for several minutes. Finally she said, "I do not sense anyone or anything in there, not near this end at least."
"How do you know that?" Abal asked. "You also knew Shalir visited you last night and she certainly was not seen!"
"I do not know." Kar replied. "I can sense in some way the presence of people and even animals. Last night I thought I was having a dream, but now I know it was not, at least not completely a dream."
"But you did not sense or know she was near back there when those three almost killed us all, did you?" Abal asked again.
"No, I did not." Kar said thoughtfully. "But this is something I feel, it is almost emotional. Then I was terrified, all I could feel was my fear. Had I overcome that, I do not doubt I would have sensed her, if I tried. I do now. She is coming."
She pointed to their left. A few minutes later Shalir appeared. She padded on her silent feet over to Abal who scratched her under her chin and muttered something softly that neither Dael nor Kar could catch. Finally Abal said, "Well, shall we see where this large hole goes?"
They lit the candle and torch in preparation to enter. Dael readied his crossbow while Abal squatted beside Shalir and again spoke softly to her. She did not hesitate but entered willingly, and they followed. The light given off by a torch and candle were faint, but it was enough for them to travel fairly fast and without too much danger of falling into possible pits or holes. But it soon became clear that this was not likely in any case, for the tunnel seemed not to be a natural cavern, but something carved out of rock by human effort. The walls, floor and ceiling were far too smooth and regular and, although there were some stalactites and stalagmites that had built up over the years, these deposits were not extensive.
This fascinated Abal. Once he stopped to examine a section of tunnel wall smoother than the rest. When he saw Dael's puzzled expression he said, "One of the things for which Shalir and I search when we have the opportunity is these ruins of our ancestors. This is their handiwork. See, there are traces of markings here which one can still see." He held the candle he carried closer to the wall, and Dael could see in the dim light the faint markings.
He left the wall and they continued down the passage. After a while he spoke again. "You are not sure of what I was speaking, are you?"
He did not wait for an answer from the two but asked another question. "You have noticed that this tunnel is not a natural cave made by the processes of nature, haven't you? It is far too straight and regular."
Both Dael and Kar nodded.
"But do you know of anyone today who could make this, or having the ability, would do so considering the ban the Law provides on delving into the earth? Look at the walls and sides. Can you see where the rock has been chipped out? No, you can't! There are no marks made by mining tools! No one can do this today. This is the work of our ancestors before the records begin. There are many other things of theirs left behind as well, many are in our valley."
Some of us are trying to learn how they did these things and why. Don't misunderstand me; I am not being an apostate. I do not wish to mine the earth or break any of the laws without good reason. But, think of this. It was they who formulated what we now call The Old Ways, those laws the priests now push. Do not dig in the earth. But they did! And we do not even know how they did it. There must have been some reason for what they did and why and the laws they left us to follow, but what?"
They walked on for what seemed like hours although it was far less than that. The passage bore straight on with only slight turns and changes. After they traveled about a mile and a half, they knew they were approaching the far end for light appeared ahead and grew in intensity as they went on. Then in the fading light of sunset they stood once more under the open sky. Below them lay the hidden valley of Sakol. About twenty miles away to the north and slightly eastward they could see the central lake.
Dael was impatient to be on in order to cover as much ground as possible before dark, but Abal made them sit and rest. He said, "We must now take some thought before we act."
"But we need to bring a warning as quickly as possible so defense can be prepared. We cannot delay!" Dael exclaimed.
"This is true." Abal replied. "But there are some other considerations I am thinking of. If the enemy is as close as we think, they may send a group on ahead to secure the tunnel. If I were their commander, I would do this, especially now, if those three we allowed to go free have joined them. I regret that decision now, but I'm not sure what I would have done with them in any case."
If they know a warning has succeeded in getting through, then they will know the only chance of success is to make a quick strike toward the main gates. They must have control of the tunnel to do this. That is the only place we can really hope to stop them. If they get through and move swiftly to the main gates, they have a very good chance of succeeding even though a warning has been given. You see it is harvest. Our army is outside in the plain protecting those who are harvesting from Kaltan raids. Old men, children, women, and the weak and sick are all who remain on the inside for the most part. A well trained force will have little problem flanking them and charging the gates. They must be prevented from gaining control of the tunnel."
"But we cannot stop the Kaltan force; we must get help." Dael said.
"We must get help, indeed! I have agreed already to that, my friend. But I cannot leave either. I might not be able to stop the whole force, but I may be able to delay a small group from taking control of the tunnel. In any case, I must try. You two can bring the warning as quickly as if I were with you."
"I had not thought of that." Dael replied quietly.
"But where are we to go, where will we find help?" Kar quickly asked.
"That is not difficult." Abal replied. "I know exactly where we are. If you continue down from here, you will soon cross a small stream that begins back up there in the ice fields. It grows swiftly and eventually finds its way into Blue Lake." He pointed at the central lake now fading quickly from sight.
"But you do not need to go all the way down to the lake. Along this stream about twelve hours travel is a scout outpost. Someone will be there and will take your warning. They have a signal fire that is watched constantly by those below in the valley. The message can be sent that way swiftly and easily enough. The problem will be what to do next. Men, what can be found, will have to be sent up from below. That will take more time I fear. I will also send Shalir with you."
Kar spoke very quickly. "We would not need her, if the outpost is along the stream as you say." She glanced nervously at the great cat.
"She would guide you, if you needed that, of that you may be sure, but her real value would be to verify the message. You might not be immediately believed or trusted by yourselves. We do not take strangers into our confidence easily here. That would cause more delay while someone came up to verify your story. But if she is with you, that adds my word to your story. They should believe you without question."
There was a long period of silence as they each thought upon these questions. Finally Dael asked, "How difficult is the way down from here?"
"It is not difficult at all, just slow. If you have come up over the Knife's Edge and across the high meadows, you will have no real problem following the stream."
"What my brother means to ask is this," Kar interjected, "can I find the way down to the outpost alone?" Is that not so, Dael?"
Dael looked up uneasily at Kar. "I would not leave you, Sis, you know that."
Kar smiled. "I do indeed know that, Brother, but you wish to stay with Abal to help defend the tunnel if needed. I agree that what he has said makes sense, even if I do not like it. I can find the way down, I do not fear it as much as I fear his partner. But I will go with her. You stay."
It was agreed. Again it was hard to part not knowing if they would see each other again. In a very real way it was harder this time since they knew that they would not being trying to avoid conflict with the enemy. Abal talked or communicated in his fashion with Shalir. She consented; she would go with Kar. And as these two slipped down into the gathering darkness, the two men turned and headed once again by the feeble lights they carried back into the tunnel.
HUNTER OF THE NIGHT
Waiting was hard. The long days of weary travel and short nights of little rest had caught up with Dael. He rested against a large rock along one edge of the winding canyon rim that led back to the tunnel. He could see Abal clearly on the opposite side a little ahead of his own position. They had made the difficult climb in the darkness the night before, taking shelter at last in the lee of a jagged splinter of rock that thrust up through the ice field. Earlier that morning they had explored both rims of the canyon, taking great care in crossing the patches of ice that often completely covered the canyon's edge. Finally they had chosen their positions as close to the entrance of the canyon as possible. This, they thought, would provide them of the best view of anyone who might approach; and, if it became necessary to retreat under attack, they could fall back to the tunnel making other stands whenever possible. They might not gain much more time this way, but any delay could help.
Situated, as they were, one on each side of the canyon, they could cover both walls of the canyon below them. It would be very difficult for anyone to approach unnoticed even if they hugged the walls.
The day passed very slowly. Many times Dael caught himself nodding off into sleep. He wished he were still walking, then he would be able to keep his eyes open.
Sitting in one place caused his muscles to cramp. From time to time he had to get up and stretch his legs by walking back and forth. To add to his discomfort the weather was changing. The sky had dawned clear, but by early morning clouds sweeping in from the northeast had blanketed the sun. It seemed to grow darker as the day went on. The direction of the wind changed as well, gradually moving around until it also came out of the northwest. With the wind change, the temperature began to drop. If he were right, Dael guessed they would see snow creep up on them before darkness. If it came, it could either help or hurt; help by slowing down the enemy troops headed for them, hurt by making it more difficult to see those who tried to approach.
He was not wrong. The flakes began to fall in the early afternoon. The snowfall was light at first, but bit-by-bit it increased in intensity. Later that afternoon, Dael could barely see across the canyon. Dael did not think it was snowing so much as the wind was blowing it around. Although he knew where Abal was waiting, he could not make out the form of the scout except at times when the storm lessened. It was during one of these abatements that Dael learned their mistake.
The wind lessened for a moment and Dael, who had been staring unconsciously at the canyon below without seeing much, looked up across the chasm to see if he could see Abal. He saw the form move. Abal must have moved back towards him, Dael thought momentarily. Then he realized the form he was watching was not that of the scout. It was someone else wearing a uniform. Dael continued to watch, but reached for his crossbow that he loaded and cocked without taking his eyes off the soldier. They had come, but they had not come up the canyon. They had approached from the side, probably expecting it to be defended. Of course, that was the logical thing for them to expect! Why hadn't they thought of that?
Dael quickly aimed the crossbow. It would be a tricky shot in this wind. Just then the snow started to increase again. The form moved slowly then stopped. As Dael watched, he saw the man reach for an arrow. He had seen Abal! It was now or not at all. Dael aimed taking the wind into account as best he could then he fired. Almost at the same time he yelled as loud as he could to warn Abal.
The last thing he saw across the canyon was the enemy soldier drawing his bow before the wind renewed its force and the snow again blanketed his vision.
Dael did not know if the yell had attracted Abal's attention, but if had attracted somebody's for Dael heard shouts in reply. But they were not coming from across the canyon; they were behind him on this side. More soldiers!
He had to move. He knew this. His shouts would surely bring them this way. But which way should he go? He had no idea as to how many soldiers there were or even where they were. He listened. Again above the wind he heard shouts. Dael was still facing west, looking down toward the entrance of the canyon. The shouts, it seemed, were coming from somewhere to his left. He thought for a moment, and then made a decision. The group of attackers on this side, he reasoned, had not yet reached the canyon's rim. When they did this, they would patrol along it searching in both directions until they found that it was secure. Therefore he should move away from the edge.
First, he tried, as best he could, to cover all signs that he had waited here. It was difficult to do for he had moved around quite a bit and had packed the snow down. He covered this packed snow with snow carried in a blanket from a nearby drift, then brushed out the other tracks and drift with the blanket. It was a hurried job and would fool no one if they were even halfway looking for signs. These soldiers probably were only looking for defenders and might not notice. Next, he carefully slipped away from the rim of the canyon along a rocky ridge kept bare of snow by the wind. Finally, he moved back toward the entrance of the tunnel.
At the moment he did not know what he would, or even could, do about this new situation. He only wanted to find a place where he could rest and think undetected. To his right he caught sight of a patch of dark color against the white background of snow. As he approached, a large up thrusting of rock took shape. This was what he was looking for. He remembered it from the exploration earlier that day, for it had reminded him of a giant hand reaching up up through the ice. He searched amid the cracked and broken rock until he found what he needed, a small cave-like enclosure formed by a large slab of broken rock leaning against another. A snowdrift had almost completely covered the entrance and soon would if the storm lasted much longer. Dael crawled inside past the drift and found that it was dry and out of the wind. He would be as safe here as anywhere, he decided.
Bare rock is not the most comfortable place to make one's bed, but Dael did not mind. He was exhausted, his body bruised and cold. Soon after wrapping himself in his blanket, he was asleep.
Hours later Dael awoke. He laid still in the darkness for a time while his mind slowly caught up to the present. He remembered the waiting while the snowfall began, the soldier on the far side who was drawing his bow. He remembered yelling and firing the crossbow. But had he hit his target, had Abal heard his cry? Was he still alive? These things he did not know.
As he thought about what he might do about these new circumstances it slowly dawned upon him that something was different. The wind had stopped. By using his hands to feel his way, he crawled back toward the entrance. It was totally black, he stared ahead but he could see nothing. He crawled onward until he felt the snowdrift that now blocked the entrance completely. It was not packed hard and very easy to push to one side. This he did very carefully until he could see something. Night lay upon the land, but the storm was over. It had been a brief one, not like the typical winter storm that lasted for days. It had not even dropped that much snow. It was deep in areas, but this was due to the drifts caused by the winds. The skies were beginning to clear as swiftly as they had clouded up the day before. Stars were now visible low in the western sky. Although Dael could not see enough of them to determine the exact time, he guessed it was yet early in the morning hours.
He crawled back to the blanket and once more wrapped himself in it. He must take some thought now. What should he do? To flee seemed to be the prudent thing, this was his instinct for self-preservation. But he did not question that he had some duty to try to do what he could to regain control of the tunnel from those who now held it. Even if it was not his valley by birth, he had assumed some responsibility for it when he, Jaes and Kar had decided to bring a warning. They had made the choice of loyalty then. In addition to this he had chosen to come back here with Abal. For many long minutes Dael struggled within himself. It was black and cold, he felt very alone and deserted. He wished Jaes were here to offer some advice, or even Kar. But at last he realized that this was his decision to make, not theirs. It would not be right, even if they were here, for him to have them make this decision for him. Then he knew he was not struggling with deciding what might be the right thing to do, this he already knew deep down inside. He was really struggling whether or not to do the thing he knew to be right when it seemed very likely that the right thing would be very futile and in all likelihood would mean his death.
If this were the advance party from the Kaltan force, which it had to be, then how close was the main force? Even if he could, by some miracle, win back the tunnel entrance, it seemed almost certain that it would soon be lost to the Kaltan army that must be very near.
"Well," Dael said to himself, "if that is what it must be, then that is what it will be. I will do what I must do. If I die, well, then I die. It may not seem wise, heroic, or even possible. I may not like it, but it is the right thing to do!"
With that determination he packed his equipment and readied himself to venture once more out into the cold of the night. He had not yet decided how to try to accomplish the task; that required a scouting expedition first to determine what had happened, how many men he faced and where they were. But the hardest part had been done, he had made the decision to stay and fight.
This indeed had been a strange storm. The wind was little more than a breeze out of the northwest; the clouds were disappearing quickly to reveal more and more stars. Although it was night, the starlight on the snowfall provided much light. By it Dael managed to climb up amid the broken fingers of the rocky upthrust. He stopped just short of the summit at a point he could see a good way down the canyon's edge in both directions. At first he saw only rock and snow. But he knew if he were now to be a hunter of the night, he must have the patience and discipline of the night hawk, and the cunning and strength of the great cats. He did not move or cease his vigil; he kept searching the landscape.
Then he saw what he was searching for. Back down by the very rock, where he himself had once waited for others to come, he saw movement. Yes, it was, a guard was there. Only one it seemed.
He continued his visual search. He looked for places he would have stationed guards. Soon he located another man, this time on the far bank, and then another on this side. After much looking he found no more, although he knew there must be more.
Finally Dael knew he must do some more searching. From here he could not see the one place he must check, the tunnel itself and the area around it. Carefully, he made his way back down the tower and moved back across the ice away from the canyon's edge. Then, traversing the ice field, he approached the top of the canyon above the tunnel entrance. This time he did not have to stop and carefully search for movement. The sound of voices soon led him to a party of six or seven soldiers wrapped in blankets. They all slept except two who appeared to be watching the tunnel below. He inspected the far side as carefully as he could, but, if there were more soldiers there, he could not see them. The two who sat along the edge talked and laughed unaware that Dael had visited them. Next, he retraced his path back to the rocky lair where he had slept, then carefully crossed the ice and moved back down to where he had seen the first guard. Dael looked at the sky. There was not much darkness left to him, he must hurry. Before he was within hearing of the guard, Dael cocked and loaded the crossbow, although he hoped he would not have to use it. The guard was located so that he had a good view of anyone coming up the canyon, but had no view of someone like Dael who now approached from the rear. This was the same mistake that he and Abal had made, Dael thought to himself. By stepping very carefully, he managed to gain a point about eight yards from the guard. To try to approach any closer would be too dangerous, so Dael watched for a few minutes. Finally, as he hoped, the man began to walk away from the rock stretching his legs. At first he came towards Dael, but then he turned and walked away in the other direction. After a short distance the man again turned and headed back. This time, he kept coming towards the boulder.
Dael was ready. As the man passed, he struck from behind. A suitable rock held in the hand proved to be a very effective club. The guard fell with hardly a sound. Quickly, Dael pulled him around behind the rock out of sight from anyone on the other side. He removed the man's weapons, tied and gagged him, leaving him so that he would be unable to move from behind the rock.
"One down!" Dael said to himself, "Too many left to go! I wonder how far I will get before I am discovered." He then slipped ahead to where he had seen the other guard on this side. It turned out to be a repeat of Dael's first try. This guard stood to turn around to investigate a sound he had heard, the sound turned out to be a man swinging a rock. The man's surprised look lasted only a fraction of a second, the time remaining before the rock found its target. He, too, was soon tied and gagged.
The task of removing the guard on the opposite side was more difficult for Dael to accomplish, not because it was physically harder, but because he had no choice but to use the crossbow. The distance was not great, the target was in plain sight, there was little wind so the shot was easy enough to make. The man dropped with hardly a sound, but it grieved Dael that he was forced to do it.
It was beginning to get lighter now. "Time to try the impossible, I guess." Dael whispered as he began to work his away around behind the large party guarding the tunnel entrance. But before he had covered half the distance to the place from which he had spied upon the soldiers earlier, he heard shouts.
"I've been discovered!" He said half aloud. Then he stopped. "No, that's from up ahead. There is fighting at the tunnel!" Not worrying about any noise that might be heard, Dael hurried. He was panting hard, out of breath when he reached the vantage point overlooking the enemy below.
One glance was all he needed to know what had happened. Someone had or was trying to come through the tunnel from the Sakol side. But they were now trapped below in the canyon or in the tunnel by the Kaltan troops who were firing into the tunnel and canyon from above.
A Knife Lesson
Hope suddenly rekindled within Dael. There was still a chance if the help from Sakol could get through. He quickly moved to a position having more cover and a better view of those below. Taking aim at the soldier farthest to the left, he fired. The man dropped his bow and slumped forward. Quickly Dael reloaded. Now he wished he had brought the bow taken from the guard earlier, but he had not. He looked at the scene below him. None of the others had yet noticed that one of their companions was hit. This gave Dael another free shot.
Again he took aim at the next man on his left. This time the soldier moved at the same instant he fired. The crossbow bolt struck the man, but was off its mark by several inches. The soldier yelled and fell forward, seriously hurt but still alive. His cries, however, had alerted his companions who, upon seeing the wound in the man's back, did nothing to help him, but instead moved around to take cover from this new threat from above. Dael, who had reloaded down behind a rock, peered around it. As he watched them taking cover below, he knew they must have a general idea from where the bolt must have been fired. He knew they would now be watching for him. It would be best to change positions before he was discovered.
He crawled down behind the rise that had hidden his approach and swiftly moved ahead coming around to the right of the men below. He had to climb a steep slope before he reached a large ledge from which the terrain above the tunnel entrance could be seen. He slipped out behind a rock at the edge and scanned the scene beneath him. He could not see the canyon's rim on his right but on the side to his left there were six men he could count, beside the two that were already hit. Two of them were still in a position from which they could watch the tunnel; the others were crouched behind cover staring at the area Dael had left minutes ago.
Dael chose another target, one of those who watched the tunnel. This time his bolt lodged in the man's thigh. He cried and lurched to his feet. This proved to be his undoing for an arrow from below flying straight to its mark silenced his cries. While shouts from the man's companion continued Dael swiftly cocked and reloaded the crossbow. Then he peered from around the rock. It seemed that his enemies did not yet realize he had moved. They must believe their latest casualty was a result of the arrow fired from the tunnel. So much the better!
Dael fire at a fourth target. This one missed completely glancing off the rock just above the soldier's head. He could not understand why he was getting worse as the fight progressed.
"Jaes can have this crossbow back!" Dael muttered to himself. "I'd not have missed if I had my own bow."
He reloaded and snatched a quick glance below. It was just as he feared; they had taken cover again. Now he did not have a clear target. Well, he had to act. A standoff would not help him or those below in the tunnel. But just as his eyes began to search the cliff and rocks to his right he heard the sounds of rocks sliding above him. The light was growing quickly and soon the last stars would be gone.
Dael glance around him thinking. If someone was searching for him, he probably had not yet been seen. The searcher would not be so careless with the rocks in that case. Quickly he moved back as close to the rock as he could get. Now he was hidden from sight from anyone behind him. Looking carefully, Dael checked to see what kind of tracks he had left around the rock. There were a few but not very clear. Someone looking carefully would no doubt see them. Dael realized he could not afford to sit and wait. He must become the hunter and not the hunted. But he could not move far from this spot without being seen. He was pinned down here. If he attempted to climb the slope, not only would the hunter above see him, he would be in plain view of those below. He could not move very far right or left without being seen from above. His enemy had to be lured down here.
Taking his pack off, he removed several crossbow bolts then slowly slid the pack out away from the rock so that it would be visible to someone above and behind him. Then hugging the rock, he slipped around it and made his way back to where the steep slope started upward. There was a small recess between two large boulders that hid him from above but allowed him to see both approaches from his right and left. Here he waited.
After a while Dael found a small stone and tossed it out towards the pack. It hit and clattered on the rocks. That should do it, Dael thought. Whoever was up there ought to see the pack and hopefully would think its owner was also behind the rock hidden from view still in a position to fire at those below. In order to get to him, the enemy above would have to come down and approach from the right to come up behind him. Even if his enemy for some reason came from the left, Dael could still see him first. He would then have a shot at the man before he was seen.
He waited and listened. Occasionally there were shouts from below, then and again there was the sound of loose rock somewhere above him. Dael prepared himself, waiting for a form to appear either from the right or the left.
But he was caught off guard for what happened next. Suddenly a form did appear, not to the right or left, but directly in front of Dael not five feet away. The man had come directly down the slope and had jumped from the very rocks that concealed Dael. The figure now crouched alert facing away from Dael.
The suddenness of the man's appearance caused Dael to commit a beginner's error. Without thinking his reflexes took over. Raising and swinging his weapon, he fired without taking the time to make sure of his shot. Had he had his own bow, no doubt he would have succeeded, but what he carried was his brother's crossbow. His reactions set to his own bow's weight and form, not his brother's heavier crossbow, caused his aim to be wide and low when the bolt was fired a fraction of a second early.
It did strike the man, but only grazed his hip. The man's own reflexes were amazing. He immediately turned and crouched lower. When he saw that Dael carried a crossbow, he straightened up, dropped his own bow, and drew his knife. A cruel smile crossed his face.
He knew very well that his opponent could not cock and load the crossbow in time to save himself. This was knife-work and Mulk loved nothing better. He slowly began to approach his victim.
As soon as he fired Dael knew his error. He saw the bolt nick the man's hip, and was astounded at the man's quick reactions. Seeing the knife, Dael realized he was in a lot of trouble. Although Dael was skilled in using a knife, he knew nothing about fighting with one.
He dropped the crossbow and moved out away from the rocks between which he had hidden drawing his own knife. To be trapped between these two boulders with no avenue of escape was not to his liking at all. Slowly Mulk moved toward Dael, crouching, keeping his feet positioned to give him balance and to allow him to move quickly in any direction. He gripped the blade, thumb over the hilt, holding it close to his chest, point outward, his other arm outstretched for balance.
Dael had no idea how he should hold his knife to defend himself. He continued to back slowly away, but kept his eyes glued to his enemy.
Suddenly Mulk lunged forward slashing across Dael's chest. Dael jumped back, but felt the long curved tip nick his clothing. He swiftly glanced downward to see that the only damage was to his leather coat.
But Mulk was waiting for just this. Many were the times his opponents made this fatal error, taking their eyes off him just momentarily. His knife arm, still stretched out across his chest from the slashing blow just delivered, came sweeping back as he took another step toward Dael.
Out of the corner of his eye Dael saw the movement and reacted instantly. Since he was already leaning slightly back, he could do nothing else but drop to the ground. As he fell, the wickedly curved blade passed within a hairbreadth of his face. He landed on the seat of his pants and continued his motion by drawing his legs to his chest.
Mulk's forward motion brought him within range and, just as he was ready to strike again, Dael kicked as hard as he could at the man's legs. Mulk, not expecting this, was unprepared and his legs were knocked out from under him. But even as he fell forward he aimed a blow at Dael putting the force of his falling body behind the knife.
Dael rolled to one side just in time, quickly scrambling to his feet. He found that Mulk had done the same only an instant after Dael. The man was smiling again as he once more approached Dael in his crouching position. Again Dael backed away. Mulk lunged again. This time Dael ducked backward, but kept his eyes on Mulk. The man laughed. "You learn quickly, but you do not have the time to learn all the tricks." he said.
He feinted a lunge. Dael jumped back. Then while Dael's feet were not planted he made his real thrust. The blade caught Dael across the left forearm. He felt the pain, but forced himself not to take his eyes off his attacker, who kept coming.
They were nearing the outer shelf of the ledge close to where Dael had fired on those below. Then as Dael stepped back his foot slipped on a snow covered rock. Trying to regain his balance he tripped over something on the ground causing him to fall back again. He landed flat on his back and the knife dropped from his hand. He had fallen over his own pack!
Mulk smiled and raised his knife. Then suddenly he froze as a loud growl filled the air. Mulk looked up past his intended victim seeing, only a few feet away, the snarling face of the largest cat he had ever seen. He could not move, he did not know what to do.
But Dael did the only thing he could. He felt for the knife, grasping it by the blade, and threw it with as much force as he could muster. While it was not designed for fighting, as was the curved blade of Mulk, it was perfectly balanced and just as sharp. He and Jaes had often challenged each other to contests out in the forest while hunting. They both were very very good.
The knife struck home. Mulk's surprised glance shifted from the cat to the knife protruding from his throat. The light faded from his eyes, and he sank to the ground having fought his last fight.
Dael swiftly sat up and turned. Yes, it was she. "Thanks, Shalir. I owe you my life."
He quickly removed and cleaned his knife, then gathered his own and the weapons of his dead adversary. As he looked around trying to decide what to do, an idea came to him. If it worked, it might save the situation. He picked up the body and walked to the edge of the shelf. He yelled a cry of victory as loud as he could, standing there for a second in full sight of the soldiers below. Then he hurled the body down to them.
It worked. Although Dael had no idea whom he had defeated upon the ledge, the soldiers knew. Commanded by Mulk, they had waited below while he had gone to deal with the new threat above. Never before had Mulk ever failed. To see his lifeless body being thrown down unnerved them. Because they had no one to lead, and because they now did not know what to do, they fled.
Dael watched as the soldiers made their way back towards the meadows. When they had left the area immediately below him, Dael shouted to whoever waited below in the tunnel that he thought it was safe to come out. Then he began to make his way slowly back down to the canyon floor.
A group of four men waited there. One asked as Dael approached, "You are the companion of Abal and the brother of her that brought warning of a Kaltan attack?"
"Yes," he replied, "I am Dael, son of Tor and brother to Kar, daughter of Keel. Abal was my companion, although I do not know if he still lives. We were separated when these soldiers attacked last night. But do you know if Kar is safe?"
"She is safe, and to our knowledge, so is Abal. At the least we do not believe him to be dead. His partner, Shalir, has not acted as if this were so. She was our guide on our way back up to this tunnel."
Another man interrupted him. "If this was the Kaltan attack, then we do not need any more men from the inside."
"No," the first replied with a brush of his hand, "you are not thinking straight, Talin. This was just a scouting party, I would think, to see if there were any who were guarding the tunnel. The real attack is yet to come.
"It is," said Dael. "Are there any more coming?" He nodded toward the tunnel.
"Yes, some should be coming shortly, but as to how many, I do not know. More will follow after that as soon as possible. We left the outpost unattended. Normally only two of us at a time stay there, but Talin, whom you've heard, had just come by with his brother Iden. I am Lotar and that is Donlir. We will not be so formal now, if you please, for time is pressing. If we live to talk, then we shall have more time to learn each other's name and lineage.
But now, we must get up there," He pointed to the canyon's rim above them, "before we are surprised by others."
But before they could move, a shout interrupted them. Looking up they saw Shalir standing on the canyon's edge. Then a figure appeared. It was Abal.
"Greetings to my friends." he shouted. "Excuse me if I do not come down, for I have an arrow in my leg. Not a serious wound, I think, but until it is removed I'm afraid it is rather a nuisance. However, Dael, I am truly thankful for your shout of yesterday. Had it not been for that warning cry, I am certain that this bothersome shaft would now be lodged in some much more vital part of my anatomy. I only regret on thing, my friend, you did not give me a chance to avenge myself on the one who launched this painful splinter. It seems that your bolt has laid him quite dead upon the ground... "
Lotar shouted up. "Enough! You shall talk yourself to death, if nothing else. Be still, we shall come up there."
Then he laughed and said to the others in a softer voice, "Abal, the windbag, is his usual self! He will be fine."
Later that morning, the arrow had been removed from Abal's leg. The wound proved to be, as he had told them, not very serious although it was quite painful. But he would not allow the others to send him back through the tunnel into Sakol.
"First," he said, "you cannot spare anyone to help me back; everyone is needed here. Second, while I cannot travel effectively, I can still draw a bow. Help me to a position where I can sit behind a rock or something and still have a view of the enemy. Finally, you can ill afford to lose Shalir's talents. While she will not attack unless she is cornered, they do not know that. She can certainly scare them."
Dael attested to this fact. It was agreed that Abal should stay. Talin and Iden, who had left immediately to follow the retreating soldiers, soon reported back that the enemy was only an hour or two away. Then they left again to keep watch.
The total number of Sakol defenders now numbered twenty-seven. The last group who came through brought word that it would be that evening before any others could arrive, even then there would not be a great number of them. While a few of the defenders were scouts or hunters, most were older boys or old men.
It was decided that it would be foolish to try to defend the entrance to the canyon. Kaltan could easily flank the defenders spreading out over a wide area to capture the canyon's rim from the sides. Dael and Abal both pointed out that this was their own error. It almost had cost them their lives when they assumed the advance party would come up the canyon. This error they dare not repeat. The tunnel entrance was the only place they could take a stand. The area was scouted, positions decided upon, and men assigned to them. Some were placed in the tunnel itself after rocks were moved into it to provide some cover. Abal was given a position above the tunnel entrance where he was able to sit down and fire his bow. He had a good view of the whole area and could direct Shalir if needed.
Finally Iden returned with more news. "They are making camp just outside the beginning of the canyon. We watched for a while and are certain they are preparing to attack. Talin is watching until they begin to move so that we will know which direction they will take. But it appears they will divide into three groups for they have set up camp in roughly three divisions already."
He hesitated as if not sure to say what he now thought. Finally Lotar asked, "Is there more?"
Iden looked up and Dael could see he was afraid. "We think they are preparing to have the Battle Ritual. They were building a fire they built with wood they have carried from below. The pot was brought out and they were filling it when we were discovered. We fled back a ways until they stopped chasing us. Talin went back to watch while I came here. If they are going to do that shouldn't we think about retreating and trying to fight when we have more help on the other side?"
Lotar shook his head. "No, either we delay them here on this side long enough to get our troops back inside to defend the gates or we do not delay them at all. Once they get inside here they will simply go around our attempts to hold them until they reach the gates. Since they must come through here, here is where we must fight. We did not really hope to stop them, Iden, only slow them down, and delay them. We buy the time for others to win this war."
Iden nodded and left again to join his brother. When he was gone Dael, who had not yet taken his position, asked Lotar, "What is this Battle Ritual? Iden seems to fear it."
"Rightly does he fear, although I hope his fear does not keep him from doing what he and we must do. We have found that Kaltan has a ritual they use under special circumstances. When they are making a desperate stand or going into a crucial battle, sometimes they choose to enact the Battle Ritual, as we call it. We do not know their name for it.
In this ritual, they all pledge their lives to fight to the death for the glory of Kaltan, and then they drink a special drink, which has been prepared in this ceremonial pot. It is this drink that gives them the strength and resolve of three men, some kind of drug which removes from their minds everything but that thought to fight without regard for their lives for Kaltan. They can go for three or four days with little rest or food, but the price they pay is high. When this wears off they are helpless and weak; many, even up to half their number, die. Thus they use it only when they are desperate.
If they use this now, then we face not just human enemies, but something else. They will come through here sweeping us aside as the wind does the leaves through the forest in the late fall. I, too, fear if they use it for they will rush past us, down the valley and be at the gates before this madness leaves them sick or dying. But they will gain the gates, and, if they do that, we are lost."
Dael was shaken. What small hope had sparked within him lately now died. Then he asked, "But why have they not used this before to attack the main gate if, as you say, it is so effective?"
Lotar's face took on a grim appearance as he stared ahead. It seemed to Dael that he saw not the rock and snow before them, but other things, places and events that Dael could not see. In a quiet voice he said, "They have used it there. Two times. But the path between the gate approach is very narrow and very well defended. The gate, Boac Muldare, the Castle of Light, is strong; its walls are high. Twice the bodies have piled deep before them. For days we fought and in the end we held. Two times we held, but just barely. The cost was high on both sides. It was said by a Kaltan seer, a prophet of theirs as he was dying after the last attempt, that once more the madness would come. ‘Three times before the end.' he said, ‘Three times before the darkness comes!' I had always thought the darkness signified their darkness, their defeat, and their end. But now..."
Lotar did not finish but stared off into the distance again seeing what could not be seen.
Dael too stared for a while then spoke. "Once before alone in the cold darkness of night I resolved I would do what must be done even in dying. Again I so resolve, not in the darkness of night perhaps and not alone. We shall do what we must."
A Home Again
Moglor stood looking at the entrance to the narrow defile that led to the way into Sakol. He was not too concerned that his attempts to capture the three fugitives had failed. The repeated failures were annoying, to be sure, but they would only make the final victory sweeter.
He had his doubts even when this last report had come from Shul that two had been killed and one captured. Shul was a fool to think the two were dead because the hounds had not returned. He should have the evidence first. Moglor's assumption would have been that the two had killed the hounds. Shul was also a fool not to have killed the one he had captured on the spot. Such foolishness had no place in Moglor's thinking. He had sent the detail back with more troops that very night for the body of the dead fugitive. He had found a body, but not the one he wanted. Moglor was not surprised.
The failure of his spies in the Sakol army was also irritating, but who could have foreseen the interference of that scout and his cat. Well, their failure was their failure, and Moglor did not tolerate failure in others. These would never fail again. Their fate would go far in impressing on his other servants that they must not fail!
The thing that bothered Moglor the most was the loss of his chief lieutenant Mulk. For that he would have to exact some revenge, but only after the capture of the gates. To think upon this now, however, would be ill timed. Besides which, Mulk could be replaced. There were many like him to be found.
One could not have seen all the events that allowed these three to escape and bring warning, but Moglor had planned for this eventuality. He did not know how many defenders now guarded the tunnel, but that did not matter. His men would soon capture it and be swiftly on their way down the valley toward the gates.
He had hoped not to use the drug until well inside the valley. All the time they gained would be useful. But using it now was safer. There would be no question that his men would defeat those that guarded the tunnel, even if there were a large force which Moglor did not believe there was. And it was within the time limits he had set for himself. The effect of the drug would last long enough for the main army to reach the gates and destroy Sakol's feeble army trapped outside. His men would still be control at that time. After that, he really did not care what happened to this force. They were expendable. Yes, he would succeed, of that he was sure. He had pushed these troops hard, but the drug would give them the added strength and energy they needed to reach the gates and hold them until the deed was done. It was the time to use it.
He motioned to an aide who had approached. "Are they ready?" Moglor asked.
"Yes, Sir, it is prepared. We had a small problem with several of the Sakol scouts. They tried to attack the party setting up for the Pledge, but were driven off."
Moglor smiled. "Yes, they would probably recognize the ceremony. All the better! Let them know how easily they will die. Fear is our weapon too!" He laughed as he made his way back down to the camp.
For the defenders of the tunnel time seemed to crawl. Each minute seemed as long as an hour. Neither Talin nor Iden had yet reappeared, but then no one really wanted then to do so. Their appearance would only mean the attack had begun, that enemy troops were on their way.
All was done that could be done. Arrows had been gathered from the previous skirmish. Boulders had been pushed close to the canyon's rim to be dropped upon any enemy that might happen there. Given time the tunnel might have been blocked, but any effort on their part would be insignificant at this point. Nothing was left but to wait.
Then Talin and Iden came running up through the canyon. Talin shouted as he climbed the walls to join those on top. "It's started. They have three forces just as we suspected they would. Two smaller forces are moving out on the flanks, the larger one is coming straight up the canyon. The smaller units left first. We waited until the main force moved out so they will be here very quickly."
Lotar replied, "And the ritual?"
Iden answered, "That is as we suspected as well. They enacted it."
Indeed, it was not much longer before those who were the highest, Dael and Abal, gave warning. The flanks were being attacked. Soldiers appeared on the sides moving very quickly from cover to cover. Dael, with his greater range was the first to fire. Three soldiers dropped before others were in bow range.
"Three out of how many?" Dael wondered aloud. "We shall be defeated by their numbers alone!"
Then the arrows began to fly. Dael set aside the crossbow and picked up the bow taken from Mulk. But in the hail of arrows it was difficult to fire any weapon at all. The enemy might not be as accurate as the defenders were as bowmen, but they did not need to be. They were able to loose many times the number of arrows as were those of Sakol. The defenders were forced to keep down.
Another man just below Dael was hit. Dael quickly moved to help him, but the man waved him back. "I'll take care of it." he managed to say. When Dael saw that he could handle the wound, he returned his attention to the fight.
It was just in time for an enemy soldier appeared coming around a rock. The man stopped and fired quickly not heeding any danger. It was too quickly for the arrow flew over Dael's head. Dael's return shot did not miss.
Then there was a shout from below. The first enemy troops had appeared in the canyon. But Dael's attention was still on the field of battle before him. Another soldier appeared, but he stumbled and fell before Dael could draw his bow and fire. He lay on the ground struggling but unable to rise.
"So much for that one, I wonder who got him?" Dael muttered as he ducked two more arrows. He fired and missed two other targets. Now he noticed there were fewer attackers coming up from the side away from the canyon. He thought this unusual and wondered what the Kaltan plan was. But even as he thought upon this he saw another attacker fall.
"But that man was not hit?" He said aloud to his wounded companion. He was not even in bow range. Something strange is happening."
He glanced down into the canyon. There were many more soldiers visible, but something was happening there as well, for they had stopped advancing. Many were down, others struggling to stay on their feet. As Dael and the other defenders watched stunned, unable to speak, the attackers continued to drop to the ground.
Moglor too watched in silent rage. What was happening? His men were dropping like raindrops. The drug! It must be the drug! They were all affected, all but a few, including Moglor, who had not taken it. He had never known it to react like this. He would find those responsible for the drug; they would dearly pay for this failure.
It was lost, at least this attempt. This was certain. Moglor was not one to fight to the death, not when any other option was open, and he still had many. Fighting to the death was for those whom he commanded. Quickly he summoned his own guard, who also he had exempted from the drug, and prepared to retreat at once. Even as he began to make his way down to the meadows, he began to devise ways to turn this disaster to his benefit. It was time he knew for Moglor to disappear. He had served his usefulness. Moglor would die, but he would continue his quest.
At first Dael and the others thought this must be some kind of Kaltan trick. But it soon became apparent that whatever had happened was not planned by the attackers. Many were trying to run, throwing away their weapons, but few succeeded in going very far.
Cautiously, the Sakol fighters made their way down to the fallen soldiers who lay upon the snow. At first they approached those closest to them finding they were indeed playing no trick. They were not dead, but quite unconscious. Puzzled, but elated at this miraculous turn of events, Lotar had his men begin removing the weapons and binding the wrists of the fallen enemy while he, Dael, Talin and Iden went to scout the enemy encampment.
They passed many bodies lying as they had fallen. Most were not moving now. It was not too long before they reached the camp. A few men lay on the ground, but there was no one else around, except for one lone person.
A solitary figure sat by the remains of the fire eating. As the four approached, he looked up but made no attempt to flee. He calmly went on eating. Lotar and the two brothers drew their bows that they had carried in readiness, but Dael shouted and began to run.
"Jaes! What happened? What did you do? Why are they all sleeping? How?"
The three Sakol fighters removed the arrows they had to their strings and watched in astonishment.
Dael meanwhile had reached Jaes and embraced him. Jaes with a grin on his face said, "You always ask too many questions too quickly. I do not know where you want me to start. Which shall I answer first?"
But Dael seeing the three that came with him looking on in astonishment said, "First, let me introduce you. Lotar, this is my brother Jaes whom we left, as I told you, behind the Knife's Edge. These three, Brother, are: Lotar, who commands the few of us who are here, Talin and Iden his brother."
Jaes replied, "So, Dael, you have joined the Sakol army! Talin and Iden I have already seen earlier today. They did not see me, however, and I apologize to them for some trouble I caused them."
Both men looked at each other questioningly.
Dael spoke again, "But what can you tell us about this, what happened?"
Jaes laughed and said, "What has happened? Well, Little Brother, as you can clearly see, they have all gone to sleep. All, that is, with the exception of the commander and a few of his men. They wisely decided to quit this fight and are even now on their way back across the high meadows."
"That we know." said Dael. But the drug they took was supposed to have another effect. It was supposed to bring on a state of battle madness or something."
"I do not know anything about that drug, Little Brother, but I do know one should not drink water that contains an extract from the entrails of blind cave fish. And someone put this in that big pot over there sometime before they had that big celebration. It worked much quicker than I thought it would. Maybe this other drug you said they used had something to do with that."
"But how did you do it?" Dael asked. "How did you get into camp to put the extract in their pot? In fact, how did you manage to keep up with them with your ankle?"
"More questions?" Jaes replied. "I'll tell you, but briefly. First, keeping up was easy. I simply borrowed one of their pack ponies, one that looked remarkably like our pony, and used it until they reached these meadows. By then, my ankle was well enough to keep up. I stayed behind them. For some reason all their scouts were up ahead. They never looked behind them."
Secondly, I never did get into this camp until a short while ago after the good commander took his leave. They put the extract in themselves."
He turned to Talin. "You were chased off by the Kaltans earlier today down by the stream."
Talin nodded.
"Well, I confess that I gave away your position. I apologize once more for that, but it was necessary. They would never had seen you on their own. I was behind you and stood up and pretended to draw my bow. They saw me as I intended and gave chase. But I let them chase you two while I hid and slipped back to where they were filling the water bags. I noticed they were filling the water pot with these. I thought it might be a farewell meal or something so I added a little something to one of the water bags."
"I made the extract a day after you and Kar left me, Dael. The cave I found in which to hide had a good supply of blind cave fish. I remembered that Dad told me once that some trappers used to make an extract with these fish, and then put it in a waterhole to catch the game that drank there. I hoped I might have a chance to slip it into some place where they would drink. But there was never an opportunity until now. It wasn't hard to do at all, I confess. And now I have a question. How is Kar, is she safe?"
Dael nodded. "Yes, she is I'm told. We shall have the chance to see her soon I hope."
This turned out to be the next day. The work of disarming and confining the enemy soldiers would take a good while, but it was left to Lotar and those commanded by him. Jaes, Dael, and Abal, who was helped by two of the youngest boys, were sent back through the tunnel down the slope to the scout outpost with news of victory. An hour before nightfall, they were met by a party of men hurrying up. The good news of Kaltan's defeat was received joyfully. Several in the party turned back to carry this report down to the outpost which was still many hours away. The rest hurried upward to help in the work of guarding prisoners who might awaken at any time.
They, however, stopped for the night because it was too difficult to travel with Abal wounded. In the morning, they continued their journey arriving at noon at the outpost. Several more parties passed them that morning going upward. Not only had they heard of the victory, they had messages from Lotar himself. A signal post had been set up on the ridge above the tunnel. Messages were now being sent by signal fire to the outpost.
Kar met Dael and Jaes. She hugged them all, including Abal. Then they spent the rest of that day resting and talking. Jaes was required to tell of his journey behind the Kaltan army by pony and then by foot, and how he slipped the extract from the cavefish into the ceremonial pot. Dael also had to recount his adventures, especially how he managed to defeat the Kaltan force holding the tunnel entrance so help could get through. Kar had to tell of her journey down the mountain to the outpost. Even Abal was not refused his time to speak. And, of course, he elaborated in detail on the events he participated in.
When Abal heard of the crossing of the Dead Lands, he became very interested. This interest turned to excitement upon hearing of the presence that seemed to follow them. "So, it has happened. The watcher has awakened. You brought warning of a Kaltan attack, but this is even a greater warning," he said. But he would say no more, nor explain his statement.
When the stories were over and they had eaten and rested, they began to wonder what they ought to do next. Dael inquired of those who now maintained the outpost where they ought to go and whom they ought to see concerning permission to stay in the valley. The man replied that there was no need to go anywhere for now since those who had that authority were even now on their way here. Besides that, Lotar, commander of the outpost and regional commander of the scouts, was on his way down from the tunnel. He had much to say and ask of the three.
Lotar and the others arrived late that night. The three did not see him nor could they find him the next morning. A council was being held and his presence was required there. Even Abal went to this, as it seemed, did most of the other scouts who manned this post. Kar and the two brothers were not invited and had most of the morning to themselves.
It was nearly noon when a messenger summoned them to this meeting. A few of those who were there, they recognized; Lotar, Abal, and some of the others Dael had fought along side with. But many they had not seen before. Dael, Jaes and Kar were formally presented to the council, and those of the council introduced to them. Tabor l'Breena, commander of the governor's guard and acting as his official representative, Lamish l'Alan, commander of Boac Muldare, and Tagir l'Dal, commander of the free scouts, sat on the high seats of the council.
They welcomed the three and gratefully thanked them for the services rendered to Sakol. It was at this point that a lunch was served. While they ate Abal, whose flare for telling stories was recognized throughout Sakol, recounted in vivid detail the deeds and events that had transpired.
Then Tabor stood and spoke. "Representing the Governor, I now welcome you to our valley. Your service has been recognized and our thanks given here in assembly. This is not as we would do it normally, so we request that you come to the Assembly of Elders in a month's time to there receive the thanks of our nation."
"But words of thanks and praise cannot adequately honor what you have done. If you so choose it, citizenship of Sakol has been granted to each of you. If you do not choose this or choose not to come to the Assembly of Elders, then be it known to all that you are free to travel or sojourn within our borders, subject of course to our laws, for as long as you please."
"Consider the offer of citizenship, but consider it carefully. It is not offered lightly to anyone, nor is it to be received lightly, for while a few privileges come with it, one shoulders many more responsibilities as well. Many who dwell within our walls do not possess this; many do not want it. But Abal can tell you of all these things. He is a citizen himself and has been appointed to be your guide and advisor as long as you need him."
"If there are other needs you have, you only need ask."
"And now we shall be dismissed from council. Lotar will not be happy until he learns all he can of Kaltan from you. He wants to ply you with questions and have you tell your story over at least four times. I also think he wants first chance to recruit the services of your two brothers." he said smiling at Kar. "Such abilities are dearly needed here."
With that the council was over. Everyone left to attend to his or her various responsibilities. As the three walked away to see Lotar, Dael asked, "So what do you two think? Are we going to stay here now that we have done what we set out to do? What about our own valley, and finding a new home?"
Jaes grinned and said, "Well, in the end I think we have found our home."
But Kar said, "In the end? No, Big Brother, this is just the beginning!"
###
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
The author is a graduate of Dallas Theological Seminary, a former pastor of Trinity Bible Church in Gulfport, Mississippi, and a former teacher at Muncie Christian School in Kansas City, Kansas. When they were young before our children could read for themselves Paula and I read to them The Hobbit, The Lord of the Rings, the Narnia Tales and other classic stories. This story was a Christmas present to them. 
The author still teaches Sunday School and occasionally fills in for the pastor at Calvary Bible Church in Bonner Springs, Kansas. He also has a Bible Study website at DBartonBibleStudy.com.
Hunters of the Night was intended to be the first in a series of stories. The stories are still there and may one day work their way into a readable book format.
Thank you for reading the story of Dael Jaes and Kar. I truly hoped you enjoyed it.
