
I Am The Light

by David J. Wighton

Book #29 in the Wilizy Series

Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2021, David J. Wighton

This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. 
Although this e-book might be sold at no cost to the reader at times, I retain ownership of the copyright and may elect to charge a small amount for its purchase at times. 
Thank you for respecting my copyright. 
Acknowledgements

Cover design by Rita Toews at E-Book Covers, East St. Paul, Manitoba.

Image from David Zydd @ Pixabay

This book describes an Arizona university and its students in an unflattering way. That description is fictional. No insult to any Arizona institutions or to any Arizona citizens was intended. The fictional Arizona in this book does not resemble the real Arizona in any way. 

Non-Wilizy Characters in this Book

Heaven
• 	Guinny, Galahad, Paula, Lillian, Keely, and Joe-Joe. 
• 	Shields and other crewmembers of the Angelion.52.

Angelion Operation 
• 	Commodore Ritchit and K-Lit
•	Fridal, Dr. Ling. 

Arizona Operation 
• Maureen McReady, Leonardo Santos, Larry the Leopard, Horatio Portabello, Mitch Caruso, Don Giovanni, and Eleanor.

Asmodeus Operation 
• Asmodeus and Zelda. 


Table of Contents

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4 
Chapter 5 
Chapter 6 
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10 
Chapter 11 
Chapter 12 
Chapter 13 
Chapter 14 
Chapter 15 
Chapter 16 
Chapter 17 
Chapter 18 
Chapter 19 
Chapter 20 
Chapter 21 
Chapter 22 
Chapter 23 
Chapter 24 
Chapter 25 
Chapter 26 
Chapter 27 
Chapter 28 
Chapter 29 
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Books in the Wilizy Series
About the Author: David J. Wighton
Chapter 1

A large songbird circled high above a tranquil setting this first day of May, 2094. Below the bird, a medieval castle rested peacefully beside a lake. Inside the castle's kitchen, a mortal was putting finishing touches on her welcome home costume. The timing on finishing that costume was critical. A friend at the spaceport had reported that Galahad's ship had landed ten minutes ago and he had immediately disembarked. Winnie figured he'd be landing in front of the castle within two minutes. It was time for her to use the ice cream scooper. She had never done anything so daring before. It took some derring-do. Winnie had lots of derring and she knew, as per the planning sketch she had made, what to do.
Winnie went to the castle's front door and cracked it open a smidge. Fortunately, nobody was around to see. She didn't notice the large bovine songbird that continued to circle lazily in the sky. Moo, moo, it sang. 
There, in the distance. A cloud of dust. Out of that cloud galloped a palomino horse with its gold coat and flaxen mane and tail. The most famous palomino horse of all time had been Trigger, the star of the Roy Rogers TV show in the 1950s. Some critics claim that Trigger was a better actor than good old Roy. Trigger was also smarter. He and Buttermilk (Dale Evans' chestnut brown horse) had had a secret affair for years, which was only revealed when Buttermilk produced a palomino colt out of nowhere. The studio hushed it up. They didn't like it when they had to admit that their stars might be having sex. It was the 50s. TV husbands and wives slept alone in single beds. Where their five children came from was a mystery. 
Trigger #2 came to a sudden halt in front of the castle and reared up on his hind legs, his fore legs waving in the air in time with his whinnying rendition of a famous 50s melody: Happy trails to you, until we meet again. Happy trails to you, keep smiling until then. Trigger was a better singer than Roy too. You try winnie'ing when you're dancing around on your hind legs. It's harder than you think. 
Sir Galahad hopped off his gallant steed. "My love, I bring you greetings from the far reaches of the Cosmos." [He was directing his comments to Winnie and not to his horse. With cowboys, you can never be sure.] 
"Greetings? Is that all you brought?" the sliver of face in the doorway asked. Not wanting to appear greedy, but Winnie had expected he'd bring her a t-shirt with the words I heart the Cosmos at the very least.
"I bring many gifts," Galahad announced and undid the saddlebags across Trigger's withers. Then he slapped those withers, which were now withouters and Trigger galloped away. 
Moo moo, the bovine songbird sang. It was still circling lazily high in the sky. 
"I have a gift for you too," Winnie announced and stepped into the light in her Welcome Home costume. It would be difficult to find the words that could describe the intricacies of Winnie's welcome home costume. Sparse would be one such word. Temptationally revealing would be another two words. The words incipient frostbite were also appropriate. The danger of freezing was also enhanced by the contents of the costume. Essentially, Winnie's body was now a mortal banana split, complete with two banana slices and three scoops of vanilla ice cream sitting inside cups that she had positioned strategically around her body. Strings of chocolate sauce were also strategically placed, along with whipped cream and a cherry on the top. A few scraps of cloth didn't stop this costume from being R-rated.
 Galahad was approaching Winnie when a cattle stampede distracted them. Perhaps, not a stampede. A single longhorn cow sauntered into view. Moo, moo, it sang. 
A figure dressed in buckskins and a cowboy hat hopped off the cow. "Hold on there, strangers," the figure said. In addition to the buckskins, the figure had two gold handled guns inside two pearl covered holsters. She pulled the guns out the holsters, put fingers inside the trigger guards, and twirled the guns around her fingers. That didn't work so well and both guns cow-pied by her feet. She tried again with similar results. 
"Guinny, what are you doing here?" Winnie asked. Winnie was becoming acutely aware of the imminent meltdown of her costume.
Guinny holstered her guns. "That spinning trick is harder to do than you think," she observed. 
"I'm in a time critical situation here."
 "I simply wanted you to know that your granny is wandering around inside your castle."
"My granny is here in Heaven? Is she in my bedroom?" That bedroom had also been decorated for love, but without any melting parts.
"Not yet, but she's climbing some stairs."
"ACK!"
"Hold that cow," Guinny called out to an invisible cattle herder. She mounted the cow, kicked her heels into its flanks, and the cow soared into the sky. Moo, moo, it chirped.
"Great timing!" Winnie complained to the ghost cow-rider in the sky.
"Happy trails of ice cream to you," Guinny replied.
 # # # # # # # # 
A minute later, Winnie, Doc, and Granny were sitting side by side in the castle's boardroom. Granny was in her mortal body, not having any other choice. Doc had been skating in the rink when the longhorn had stampeded through the valley and he also was in a mortal body. Winnie had sacrificed her ice cream welcome home costume to the waters of the lake and had thought on a sweatshirt and sweatpants. Underneath, she was still sticky and soggy.
"How long have you known?" Winnie asked Granny.
"About Doc's new body? I knew about five minutes after he returned home from his death ritual. I didn't say anything. After Guinny gave me a new body, I figured that she was from Heaven. I knew that Doc had received the same treatment and he was disappearing on a regular basis. He was trying hard to keep a secret, which he has never been particularly good at. So, I told him that I knew about him and Heaven and asked him if I could partner up with him. Doc said that he'd ask somebody named Keely. She visited me in the cadet camp and suddenly I was here in this castle." 
"So, you know that we move around in Heaven as angels?"
"Is that where we are?"
"Yes. I'll show you my angel body." [That took care of the clamminess.] 
Granny leaned over, removed a brown stain from one of Winnie's face feathers, and tasted it. "Is this chocolate?"
"I was baking."
"Something with whipped cream too, apparently." Granny had found another bit of Winnie's welcome home costume on her face.
"Let's talk about Heaven."
"Can I have a tour of your castle?"
"Later perhaps. We have to talk about what you're going to do in Heaven."
 # # # # # # # # 
"For now, we have a good action plan. I'll arrange for an aerie to be set up for you and Doc this afternoon. That will be a temporary home for you. I'll arrange for this area around the lake to become a Wilizy compound. That way we'll all be together. You two need to tell me what you want for your permanent residence here. It can be a house or an old structure like this castle."
 "OK."
"Doc, you're running the Nemeses. What part of the process can Granny help with?"
"Capture, I think. Disposal, perhaps. Granny has planted lots of perverts in BC."
"Sounds good. Now, both of you need to decide what mortal body you want to have in Heaven. There's no reason for you to maintain the body that you'll have back home. Pick the age you want to be here. For example, Doc is using his young adult body to practice hockey. You can do the same thing, Granny. If you want, we can build you an indoor basketball court. Let me know."
"Can I play basketball in my former Yollie body?"
"Sure. Next, pick your angelic name. My angelic name is Guinevere. You can have whatever angelic name you want. Try to be unique. Don't pick Angela."
"Is Yollie taken?"
"I don't know. We can check. The two of you will need to create a cover story for the family back home. That will depend on how often you want to be in Heaven. Where will you pretend to be on Earth during that time? Traveling, perhaps?"
"Traveling in a young body sounds heavenly."
"Granny, your time with the Nemeses will not fill your day. Your angelic body does not need much sleep, so you may have to think of a project that you can to do to keep yourself busy."
"I'll need a project too if I'm in Heaven more often."
"I have something perfect for you, Doc."
Joe-Joe came into the boardroom. 
"This is Joe-Joe. He's going to fit you for your angelic body and will install an aerie for you overlooking the lake this afternoon. Doc, Granny can practice flying over the lake. Joe-Joe will set up a portal for you that will allow each of you to move instantaneously from your home in the cadet camp to your aerie at any time. That portal will also allow you to enter downtown Heaven and you may want to wander around. Doc, make sure Granny is comfortable flying first. Heaven covers a very large area. This castle and the lake is in a private part of Heaven that only a few angels can find. You can wander around here in your mortal body if you want. For security reasons, I have a lock on the castle door. You won't be able to get back into the castle after you leave. That security precaution will be only temporary."
"Where are you off to, Winnie? You seem to be a little jittery." Joe-Joe said this with a straight face. 
"I have a military combat lesson to go to. Hand-to-hand combat. That kind of thing."
"Is that what they call it now? I can give you a military cooler if you wanted to take some ice cream for afterwards. It'll stay cold for hours."
"Ah, man!"

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 2 

"Did you have to execute all nine of them?" Zelda peeved.
[The conversation you're about to read was focused on the nine apprentice devils that had been afterliving in the cave complex in Hell's FeroCity. At the end of Queen Karita's Revenge [Wilizy #28], those nine mortals had developed some severe animosity issues against each other. The fracas was reported widely inside Hell. Nobody in Hell knew why they acted as they did. Nor did they care after they disappeared.] 
"They were an embarrassment to Hell. Satan does not support this program. When they drew his attention to their juvenile behavior, that was it."
"What about their fathers?"
"Most of them had already been retired. Zelda, nobody supports this program except for you and you carry no weight whatsoever."
"Does this mean you're pulling my funding?"
"For the four counseling sessions each year? No. That funding is guaranteed as part of Hell's contract with you. But, with the demise of the nine mortals, your spawn will not have to write reference letters any longer. You should start thinking of a way that they can contribute to Hell's success. They could serve as test subjects for some of our poisons, for example."
"In other words, kill them off."
"The word kill has many meanings. I think of their deaths as sacrificing their afterlives for the glory of Hell. All of these spawn are severely handicapped. Their mortal lives will naturally be very short anyway."
"All the more reason to give them as good a mortal life as I can now."
"There will be pressure on you. Your contribution to Hell has reached very low levels. You need to find something more to do for us."
"That's my choice, not yours."
"True enough. But find something soon. When Xlkde was killed by the angels in Salt Lake City, that serious mistake produced uncomfortable questions. For example, What idiot threatened to blow up the Salt Lake City Temple? Plus, he was part of a disastrous plot for California to control the western US states that failed miserably. Satan asked me, What was this idiot thinking? I had no answer."
"I am not responsible for how the spawn behaved when they were given an unsupervised life on Earth."
"You're right. But your name is now associated with an embarrassing defeat. Plus, the Colorado governor is making waves. California and Colorado may soon be free of prejudice. We've worked long and hard to promote bigotry on Earth. We need to stop him soon. You could help us with the governor."
"How?"
"Get on the governor's staff and tell us what he's doing. You have no sulfur smell and that means you have little chance of being discovered." 
"How would I get on his staff?"
"I can arrange for somebody on his staff to die."
"Not die."
"Sick or injured then."
"I'll think about it."
"Another option would be for you to become an assassin. Heaven has its Angels of Death squad. I'm sure Satan would approve a Devils of Death squad. Your body would allow you to kill easily. Your first assignment would be the Colorado governor and his wife. Lots of people hate them. Nobody would suspect Hell."
"They'd learn about me when their souls reached the sorting station."
"Angels don't remember their lives as mortals. It's a stupid, stupid policy. A good assassin could kill thousands of outstanding mortals before Heaven would notice the pattern. You'd avoid the torture pits for sure when you died."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 3

"What about our production levels?"
"They're on target. With university classes out, we are able to build up our MescalMeth inventory levels considerably. We have lots of chemicals for the meth component. Plus, we have dedicated pickers roaming through the desert looking for peyote cacti and the mescal ingredients."
"Are you expecting any blowback from the faculty?"
"That's difficult to know. We had five professors resign in April and take up jobs elsewhere. They were concerned about the party school environment in general. I saw no signs that they were aware of our satellite campus in the desert."
"The new faculty?"
"That's difficult to predict. All universities consider the first year as the year where students have to grow up and become responsible. I doubt that the new faculty members will be any different."
"Did you look into the governors who voted against me at the last meeting?"
 "I saw no signs that they had been influenced in any way."
"What about that player who wanted the transfer. What was her name?"
"Maureen McReady. Are you concerned that she'll talk? She's no threat. She never went out to any of the desert lodges."
"Find out where she'll be living in Tucson."
 # # # # # # # # 
[Narrator: MescalMeth was a synthesized combination of the chemically constructed crystal meth and the mescaline that was derived from the peyote cactus. 
You've had one exposure to chemmies already. In Second Base, #13, Cowboy sent three chemmies packing out of Helena. He warned them that they might end up staked to the ground until they were dead. 
Before 'The Troubles,' chemical addiction was a very big problem for most countries. Having to fight just to find enough food and water to survive took care of that. For those states that were still practicing frontier justice, any chemmies caught were usually killed on the spot. At least, Cowboy had given them a chance. 
Wide-open and low populated states like Montana, the Dakotas, Wyoming, Nebraska, Nevada, Utah, Kansas, and Oklahoma were chemmie free. Arizona and New Mexico were not. The development of a new addictive poisonous industry in Arizona was successful because it was well hidden behind the mask of a major university. That university was led by the Chair of the Board of Governors who just happened to be the owner of that industry. New Mexico was sliding that way too because Arizona's drug mules headed east when they peddled their wares.]
 # # # # # # # # 
It's the end of April, which was approximately the end of Lylah's first trimester. Granny had a suggestion. 
"We know that this could be a difficult pregnancy for the three of you. Four of you now, I guess. Doc hasn't seen anything to worry about, but with the radiation damage, the two of us think that we should involve doctors who are trained to handle difficult births."
Doc continued. "You may sail right through without any complication, but if there is a difficulty, it would be good if an obstetrician had been seeing you on a regular basis."
"Are you suggesting that we go back to LA?" Lohla asked.
"No. We need to stay in current time," Doc replied. "When Granny had her hip fixed, she had that done in Toronto at a children's hospital. The two of us went back there earlier this week and looked around. They have an entire wing dedicated to newborns. They said that since I'm a doctor, I can refer you to them. I'd like to do that."
"They'll see you on a regular basis and keep a chart on the progress of the pregnancy. They have the capability of doings sonograms, which we can't do here. What do you think?" Granny asked. "We can be there and back in a day."
It didn't take long for them to make a decision. As Granny predicted, they were back in a single day. The obstetrician reported that everything was normal. 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 4

May and June slipped by quickly for both the Earth-based Wilizy and the Heavenly contingent. Neither had any operations on the go. Winnie was the busiest with her efforts to create a Wilizy settlement around the lake. 
Doc and Granny settled into a lakeside cottage complete with an industrial-sized kitchen and multiple freezers. The living areas were very similar to what they had in Montana. They added a dock and two canoes. Both of them decided to live in the same mortal bodies that they had in Montana. They were used to how they looked. Old, but surprisingly fit. 
In addition to their roles in the Nemeses, Doc was kept busy creating a new skating dimension for Heaven that stemmed from Winnie's idea to shorten the angels' workweek and give them access to recreational activities during their time off. In this way, Heaven would be a much more enjoyable place to inhabit. No more twenty-hour workdays, even if they did receive satisfaction from helping others. Winnie argued with Guinny that they should have enjoyment from an afterlife away from heavenly business as well. The skating dimension would be a pilot test. 
A dimension focused on skating activities would allow angels to play hockey, figure skate, and ice dance. Multiple covered rinks would provide that kind of access to potentially hundreds or thousands of angels. In addition, Doc was planning to construct several arenas where hockey teams could compete against each other. These arenas were suitable for having figure skating exhibitions as well. He'd plan on temporarily releasing the mortal memories of experienced hockey players so that they could form house-league teams and compete against each other. The temporary release of mortal memories was an experiment. Winnie had long believed that mortal memories should not be unilaterally blocked. An important devil in Hell considered such policies as stupid, but his opinion was not sought. Granny had a similar new dimensional development but focused on basketball. It also was a pilot study.
Reese and Karita were offered a home in Wilizy-land and they accepted. Reese still attended university in London via portal, but when he brought his study materials home, he mastered them quickly with his angelic body. He was beginning to make a name for himself in the mock trials that always were a major part of a law degree in good universities. 
Winnie wanted Karita to live in Heaven because she wanted her to have real tutors in the same manner as Maddy was receiving. This was only fair. No more learning on her own. She did arrange for Karita to study different courses, however. As you know, Karita and Maddy were entirely different people. With her angelic body, Karita was now moving through her high school years quickly. 
 Reese and Karita wanted to live in a log cabin mountain chalet with a shining light cave hidden behind. Winnie thought that this would be a difficult goal to achieve given that no mountains existed in Wilizy-land. However, Joe-Joe informed Winnie that their current dimension could be expanded to include a single pointy and snow covered Swiss Alp. The back of their chalet could also be adapted to include a mountain cave with shining lights that could be ordered on and off by voice command. Karita ruled that there'd be no more sleeping on a rock floor though. She changed the rocks to a very comfortable double bed. Reese began to understand that quality was better than quantity. 
Cassie and Paula were also invited to join the group. They decided to share a modest two-bedroom bungalow. 
 # # # # # # # # 
Arrangements for Maddy were in some ways easier to arrange. She wanted her academic lessons first thing in the morning and she'd take them in her angelic body, which learned faster than her mortal body. At the three-hour mark, she'd begin packing up and at the three-hour plus one minute mark, she'd be on the grass around the lake fighting with Shields. The classroom instruction was something to be endured, nothing more. She got it out of the way early. 
Shields' first lesson each day was on acrobatic flying, as in spins, cartwheels, tumbling, and dives. These were intended to distract a devil until Maddy could finish him off with face-to-face combat in which she would employ Shields' thumb of death. [Devil eyes are not covered with scales.] For now, Maddy's killing blow was a swat to Shield's face with a foam cudgel. Keeping in mind that there were limited ways to kill a fully scaled devil, Shields concentrated on teaching Maddy how to get into position with acrobatic attacks. Learning the killing blow could come later. 
Shields' second lesson each day was focused on using a descaler weapon that Joe-Joe had added to Maddy's body. This was the same descaler weapon that Winnie had used. Winnie used her descalers to attack from different unexpected locations. Maddy took the descalers to an entirely different level. She fought like a buzz saw attacking a large feathery pillow, which actually was one of the props that Shields used. Maddy's personality meant that she would always think full bore offences rather than unexpected attack. Maddy was turning into a killing machine that had only one speed - full out attack. Shields requested, and obtained a white chain mail vest for Maddy to wear as part of her angelic body to protect herself from a lucky blow. That's the risk of an all out assault.
In the third daily lesson, Shields began preparing Maddy for an enemy that realized what he was up against and declined to go into combat. The thumb of death and the descalers worked only in hand-to-claw combat. Maddy had to kill from a distance as well. With Maddy's ability with a baseball, it was natural for Shields to think of a throwing weapon, which in this case, was a customized ninja star. For now, Maddy was learning to use the pinch grip on the star from a standing location. 
Normal throwing weapons would be virtually useless against heavily protected devils. However, Shields created a throwing star that would explode on impact and deliver a stinging cloud of acid. That cloud would be followed by direct combat. Since metal weapons were banned in the afterlife, the throwing stars were made from sharpened cartilage.
With six hours of the day committed to instruction of some kind, Maddy gave herself some free time in the afternoon. She was working on a hobby that her tutor had suggested. Artistic endeavors such as drawing, painting, singing, or dancing were non-starters. They were too girlie to even consider. But she did show some interest in cartooning because the figures that she drew didn't have to look like something others expected. The fact that Maddy's cartoon characters bordered on the grotesque should not surprise you. 
When she had a gap in her day, Maddy would visit Karita. Karita had shut down her scientific study on clucking chickens, so there wasn't any entertainment to be had. Still, they enjoyed sharing the details of their day. 
Maddy would leave Heaven in time to arrive at her apartment in Tucson by 5 pm. There she gave herself the treat of some mortal food, namely frozen meal packages prepared by Granny. At 6:00, she'd leave for the baseball machines where she would do a gentle warm-up, as designed my Maureen. By 6:30, she'd be on a machine as would be Maureen. Both would end their workouts at 9:30 with a gentle warm down. They'd shower at 9:45 and be out of the gym complex by 10:00. 
Although Maureen's early registration in the university gave both of them access to the baseball machines, that access didn't include a room to sleep in. Maureen's scholarship didn't kick in until September and that meant that she was temporarily homeless. There was a simple solution. Maddy invited Maureen to sleep in Winnie's bedroom, which she never used. 
 # # # # # # # # 
Small details now:
Winnie arranged for Reese and Karita to receive a steady salary from Heaven to cover their incidental expenses. Maddy had access to Winnie's bank account in Tucson for her own expenses. 
Meghan was also put on a salary from Heaven and would no longer need to work on her fugitive chasing jobs. Her salary included back pay so that she could make an immediate down payment on the Halifax house of her choice. 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 5 

Friday, July 2, 2094. Winnie is sending Maddy a message.

"Maddy, the castle will be shut down for constructional upgrades on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday next week. I've notified your classroom instructor and Shields, so you can have those three days off. Would you like to stay in Tucson on those days?"
[Those three days just happened to be July 5, 6, and 7. On those three days, the Angelion curse would be running rampant through Castle Camelot.] 
"Shields offered to give me a taste of military life if I wanted it. I can stay in the barracks and we'll have our normal battle training, but in the military's facilities. I wouldn't mind doing that during the day. I'll continue to sleep in Tucson. Would that work?" 
"That was nice of her. It's OK with me."
"What will you be doing?"
"I'll be supervising the upgrades. These have to be done every six months for old, old buildings."
 # # # # # # # # 
[On Saturday, Winnie met with Doc and Granny to describe what her body would be doing during the 'construction.' The initial part of the meeting was descriptive in nature. That part is over. You already know what you need to know about the curse.] 
"What is it that you want us to do, Winnie?" Granny asked. "You said that you'd have angel friends watching over you. Would you like me to help?"
"Yes, but what I really need is help from Doc."
"I don't think I should be there, Winnie. You've described the Angelion curse in a way that you found tremendously embarrassing."
"I definitely don't want you there, Doc. I don't want any male seeing me like that. What I want from you is your medical knowledge so that I can find a cure for the curse."
"Surely there are medical doctors here in Heaven who can work miracles."
"There are. But their patients are mortals and souls who have become angels. Only a few angels in Heaven have an Angelion angel body. As far as I know, Heaven's doctors don't know about the curse and wouldn't know what to do."
"What about the doctors in Angelion?"
"If there are any, they've had thousands of years to find a solution and they haven't. They consider the curse as a quirk of DNA that cannot be changed. They don't even try."
"Why do you want to fix it then? Six days of forgotten uncontrollable impulses every year seems like a small price to pay for a body that has so much going for it."
"This DNA curse has a huge indirect impact on Angelion. Their children are raised by strangers. They'll never know who their parents were. Parents won't know who their children are. Husbands and wives are so scarred by the experience that they never have sex again. These angels are nothing like the angels of Heaven who look over mortals on Earth and want to help them. Angelion is a planet full of unhappy, cold and nasty inhabitants that happen to be called angels but they're not angelic in the way we think of them."
"I still don't see how this is your problem, Winnie," Granny said. "Just leave it to the Angelion medical community to solve."
"Would you give me different advice, Granny, if I were to tell you that there are no women doctors on Angelion?"
"Ahh. I see where you're coming from."
"I do too," Doc said. "Male doctors are ignoring the problem because they're male?"
"Perhaps. Perhaps not. I'll find out in a few weeks when I go to Angelion. I plan to snoop around."
"What do you want from us?"
"I want Doc to think up all the different medical tests that he would run if he were looking for the source of the curse. We know there's a DNA component. What we don't know is if it can be treated. What I want is for Doc to comes up with the tests and Granny to administer them when I'm bonkers."
"Blood work for sure," Doc started. "Urinalysis too. You'll have to wear diapers."
"I don't care. I won't remember any of it."
"The blood work will have to be frequent so that Doc can look for changes in levels," Granny added.
"Consider me your personal pin cushion."
"Does Heaven have the necessary laboratory tests?"
"I don't know. Give me a list of the tests that you'll want. I'll find out who the top medical lab angel is. If the tests aren't in Heaven, we can get them from Heaven's hospitals on Earth."
"I gather the daily progression is fixed," Doc introduced a new idea.
"Yes. It doesn't seem to matter whether a male is present at any time of the curse or not. I was male free for the three days and still obsession crazy."
"I wonder what would happen if a male presence were introduced on the second or third day."
"Not Galahad. I don't want him to ever see me under the curse."
"His aroma, perhaps. Some clothes, perhaps."
"I would recognize that. I'll let Lillian, Keely and Guinny know what you'll be doing. They watched over me last time. Mostly to keep me from hurting myself, I think." 
 # # # # # # # # 
Shields was giving Maddy an assessment of her flying skills on Wednesday, the last day of the repairs to the castle. 
"Your flying attacks are good but I wouldn't want to bet on your endurance. You haven't done any of this yet, so add a one-hour flying endurance test twice a week. Start from the same place and head east. There's lots of open heavenscape in that direction. Take a beacon and put it down at the thirty-minute mark. Turn around and fly back. Make sure you get back to the starting point before the hour is up."
"I did that kind of test with running. It got kind of boring after a while."
"It won't be boring when you life depends on it. Let's see how you today. You set the pace. I'll accompany you so that it's not a lonely experience. I do endurance flying too. It'll be easier with two of us flying together."
 # # # # # # # # 
It's still Wednesday, the last day of Curse City, but now we're in the castle. That must make it Curse Castle.
"Did she attack the same black slate last time?" Granny asked Keely.
"Yeah, she did. She couldn't stop herself. I noticed that she didn't have any dust bunnies under her bed last time I was helping. Something in her past is driving her to be obsessively neat. It seems to be a strong compulsion."
"Strange," Granny said. "I wonder what it could be. I have to take some more blood."
"I'm surprised that she has any left."
"We'll replenish some fluids. Get the thermos. I'll tilt her head back and open her mouth while you pour."
...
"She didn't even notice. I think this curse has run its course."
"Let's move her into her bedroom."
 # # # # # # # # 
"Looks like I suck at endurance flying," Maddy admitted. "Are you tired even a little?"
"No. All of the angels in Galahad's command fly long distance twice a week. You can't expect to be good at something the first time you do it."
"Am I going to hurt your training if you keep flying with me?"
"No. I've added a weight belt around my waist to give myself a workout. Did you always finish your runs with a sprint?"
"Yeah. You gotta dig deep if you want to be good."
"So that means that you're ready for the next event."
"Yup. What is it?"
 "Accuracy test with the throwing stars." 
 # # # # # # # # 
"She's falling asleep," Granny said. "Is this a little early?"
"Perhaps. She's had physical exhaustion plus blood loss, plus dehydration. Those could be factors. Time for a little experimentation?"
"OK." 
Granny left and returned wearing a man's shirt. One of Doc's actually. She stood in front of the near sleeping clean-aholic.
Winnie raised her head off the pillow and sniffed.
...
"A little help here would be appreciated, Keely." Both of Granny's hands were tied to the headboard of Winnie's bed. Winnie was working on tying down Granny's left leg, which she was kicking vigorously. 
"Interesting. I wonder what she'll do when she finds out that you aren't a man. Is the compelling attraction the smell of the man, or the actual feel of the man's body against her own?"
"Like I say, a little help would work wonders. She's enormously strong. Keely.... Keely, where'd you go?"
Keely returned in feather mode. She opened the bathroom door, turned on the shower and then re-entered the bedroom battleground. Holding Galahad's nightshirt in her talons, she flew in a circle at ceiling level. 
Winnie raised her head, sniffed, and lost interest in finishing Granny's restraints. Much as a fish would follow a tempting lure, Winnie followed Keely into the bathroom. By now, she was jumping into the air, trying to grab Galahad's nightshirt. Keely threw Galahad's odor into the steaming shower and watched as Winnie pounced and captured the nightshirt. For the sake of my readers' sensibilities, we'll leave the bathroom now. 
 # # # # # # # # 
"Maddy, your status in Heaven is complicated."
"How so?"
"You are part of the two secret mortal teams - Winnie's team as well as the Nemeses. Your role on those teams will open some doors for you in terms of being allowed to snoop in Hell, for example, but your role could also keep other doors closed."
"What closed doors?"
"Military doors. These doors give you access to all military resources in Heaven and on Earth. But I am giving you full scale military training. You will have the skills of an assault angel. As such, you should have access to all of our military resources."
"Why is this important to me?"
"Whenever you leave Heaven, you must assume that you might have to call on your military training at any time. This means you should have all of the tools and resources that you will need with you if you encounter any potential threats. Combat conditions can arrive without warning. Not having the necessary equipment with you could be fatal. It would be like you going for a midnight walk in the streets of Chicago without your sling. You would never do that. You must also never appear on Earth without your emergency kit."
"OK."
"See this door?"
"Yuh."
"Behind this door is a storeroom that has every conceivable weapon or materiel that a military angel might ever need. You're going to break into this storeroom."
"I am?"
"You are. To break in, you will have to do something that is gross and icky."
"I can do that."
"Give me a hug."
"Huh?"
"Give me a hug. Not a namby-pamby hug, but a real hug." 
...
"Why did I almost puke?""
"Let's not tell anybody that a mortal earthling has broken into one of Heaven's most secret storehouses. Deal?"
"Deal."
"Now, you get to go shopping. Anything you take out of here has to fit inside a rucksack. You'll carry that rucksack on your back or on your shoulder whenever you leave Heaven. Deal?"
"Deal."
 # # # # # # # # 
The liberated Granny and the nightshirt fishing-angel cracked the bathroom door open and peeked inside. The steam in the room had dissipated after the hot water tank had run out. Winnie was curled up in the bathtub, shreds of Galahad's nightshirt littering the bathroom. She was sound asleep. Granny turned off the shower. 
"The night shirt would have lost its odor quickly in the bath tub," Keely predicted accurately.
"When she couldn't find his odor, Winnie panicked and shredded the night gown looking for it?"
"Either that, or she tried to clean the porcelain off the tub and shredded the night gown in the process." 
"Let's clean her up and back in her bed."
"It's interesting that she had the attack impulses on the third day," Keely observed. "That wasn't supposed to happen. We know exactly when it happened so the blood data sets might show a spike in some levels."
"Why did she forget about me and go after Galahad's night shirt?"
"Beat's me. Again, it's something that shouldn't have happened."
 # # # # # # # # 
"You'll be out of commission for about an hour," Shields said to Maddy. 
"I'm getting a clone of myself?"
"No. Not a clone. You're receiving a more lethal angel body. I spoke with Joe-Joe about your lack of access to military resources and your need for them. He agreed that you should always be ready to go into battle mode at any time."
"Will this be like having another person living inside my body? I don't want to do that."
"No, it won't be like that. You may need to use all sorts of different weapons as a combat angel. You have your chain mail vest around your chest, your ninja stars which are attached to forearm sheathes, and your descalers which are attached to your hands. Don't forget the knives that are strapped around your legs. In addition, you have a rucksack of emergency supplies and equipment that you have to carry with you on your shoulders. How long does it take you to put all that gear on?"
"Three minutes?"
"Please, Mr. Devil, don't attack me yet. I need to put on my gear?"
"I get it."
"I carry hidden weapons on me at all times. All military angels do. They're built into our body. But you live a lot of your life in a mortal body. You may need to go from that mortal body to a military angel's body instantly. You have to be a little different from us. That's all this is."
"OK. That'll make my angel body heavier than I'm used to, which is why I'm flying long distance."
"Yup. Even though it's boring, don't skip that training. The good thing is that you are now considered a member of Heaven's military." 
"Why do I want that?"
"You get a pass to one of the messes where you can drink lots of free beer."
"Oh goodie. I always wanted to be an alcoholic."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 6

It was early morning, a week after Winnie's amorous encounter with a smelly night shirt. She was in Guinny's office, enjoying a hot chocolate. The drinks were accompanied by a plate of warm fudge brownies. Winnie was accompanied by the angel that had provided both. 
"You say that the blood and urine samples that Winnie provided were useful?"
"Yes," Granny replied. "We received the report from Heaven's endocrinology specialists yesterday. The fluctuations in the readings from one day to the next, and to the sudden change in hormonal environment, suggest four very strong viable research opportunities."
"Sudden change in hormonal environment?"
"We exposed Winnie to male odors on the third day. She reacted as if it were the first day. That generated a lot of attention."
"Why?"
"It suggests that the pattern of behavior that we thought was part of the normal curse reaction was not as fixed as we were led to believe it was."
"Or, I'm different from other angelion women," Winnie added.
"Do any of those research approaches require a change in DNA?"
"Definitely not," Granny answered. "Neither Doc nor I have the knowledge to carry this further. Doc does understand though that hormones that govern human and angelic reproductive systems are actually chemicals. Chemicals can be adjusted minutely. Enzymes are the key here. When Heaven's top endocrinologists say that they have research opportunities, that means that they have potential scientific solutions that could turn out to be quite easy to create at the lab level."
"And you want to take these results to Angelion. Why? You are hardly affected. Six days a year of hormonal madness that you don't remember is hardly a reason for us to try to find a cure for you." 
That question was directed to Winnie, who made two quick chews of a chocolate treat and a quick swallow before answering. "It's not for me. It's for the Angelion planet as a whole, and the Angelion women in particular who suffer from this curse. I sent you a report after my last visit to Angelion and described the impact on the entire population."
"I read that report. How do you respond to a reaction that it's their curse and therefore it's their business?"
"That's true. They may not like us intruding into their internal affairs. But all I want to do is offer the Angelion planet an opportunity to participate in a proper scientific research study. Right now, we have a sample size of one that you can only test twice a year. They can provide any number of women volunteers to participate in a three-day study that they'll never remember. I don't see why any angelion woman would not be interested in doing that if it meant no more curse. I don't see their medical community turning down that opportunity. Our scientists can run the experiment on Angelion with the full involvement of their own endocrinologists."
 "Low risk of negative reactions then?"
"I believe so."
"And what do we gain?"
"We gain credibility and theoretically some gratitude. Producing a cure that they can develop on their own and apply to their population on their own should demonstrate to them that we are more than a source of Cosmos funds."
"Theoretical gratitude?"
"These angels are not nice people. I don't know if gratitude is an emotion that they ever have."
"What do we charged them for our involvement?"
"Nothing. But I'll take a cargo load of flowers to the war games. I'd like to see what their women think is a fair price." 
"I'll have an answer for you tomorrow. Granny, will you be coming back tomorrow?"
"I'll bring Nanaimo bars tomorrow."
"What's that?"
"Mouth heaven."
 # # # # # # # #
Three months have passed since Lylah first visited the Children's Hospital in Toronto. Today, Lylah had some exciting news to pass on to Angela, their obstetrician. Lylah had felt the baby moving the previous week. That movement had grown into kicking this week. 
"It's time for an ultra sound," Angela remarked. "There's no radiation involved, so you have no cause for concern. I'll check the heart beat, take a measurement of the baby's length for reference later, confirm that the baby is receiving enough oxygen, and generally look for possible problems." 
...
"Everything is good," Angela reported. "Would you like to know the gender? The sonogram can usually reveal that." 
Well, that offer prompted some discussion. 
"How reliable is the sonogram?" Lohla asked.
 "Mistakes can be made because fuzz in a sonogram can make the reading difficult. In this case, I had a good profile shot."
"I don't want to know," Lylah said. "If something happens, knowing if it's a boy or girl will make it more difficult to lose it. Right now, as far as I'm concerned, it's a frog." 
"I want it to be a surprise," Lucas said.
"Me too," Lohla added. 
"No news is good news. Monthly check-ups from now on," Angela directed.
 # # # # # # # #
"That sonogram you did for my patient this afternoon. What gender would you say?"
"Male," the sonogram technician replied.
"How sure are you?"
"Enough to bet on it. Did the parents want to know?"
"No. But the sister wondered about the reliability of a sonogram."
"No question on the gender in this case."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 7

It was the second Wednesday of July and that meant that the Spawn of the Devil (SOAD) were meeting in Cleveland. Being Valentine's Day probably meant that the hotel rooms would be busy. They were.
Winnie wasn't there, but Paula and Cassie were. Their instructions? Follow the counselor lady home. 
That assignment took them first to Cleveland's PUS station where the counselor boarded a car to SinSin-atti. After passing through border security, she walked directly to a large stalactite, which she entered and then strode to the elevator. She pressed the button for the bottom floor. When the doors opened, both Cassie and Paula sensed the presence of a very powerful devil. They retreated to the top floor. The counselor never returned to the top floor. 
 # # # # # # # # 
"She remained in her mortal body the entire time she was in PUS?" Winnie was debriefing the two spirits. Paula was the one doing the answering.
"Yes. Border guards helped her go around the security gates. In SinSin-atti, she walked through the tunnels without interference. She drew a lot of attention from pedestridevils, in part because of her mortal body as well as the gumboots that she was wearing. She put those on at border controls. The guards pulled them out of a storage bin and gave them to her."
"Did you see the powerful devil in the executive suite?"
"No. We didn't dare go any further into the stalactite."
"You did the right thing. She never reappeared?"
"Not in her mortal body. If she were in a devil body, we wouldn't have known. I stayed at the bank of elevators while Cassie wandered around the outsides the building."
"Any identifying signs on the building, Cassie?"
"No. It's a much bigger building at ground level than I expected. It had multiple exits. It also had stairs."
"Which means that she could have worked her way up to ground level in her mortal body without exiting the elevator at ground level?"
"Yes."
"I'll talk with Meghan and Keely. Good scouting report, guys."
 # # # # # # # # 
"It had to be one of the inner pentagram devils," Keely said. "They were smart to break off contact."
"Do you have a name?"
"It's difficult to say. Any one of the five could have been in that complex. Nobody knows much about them or what they do."
"Would it help to identify the building?"
"The devil might occupy only the bottom level with a small staff. Many other offices might be in that complex. The pentagram devils work hard at maintaining a low public profile. I don't think I ever saw one in the sewers. They might not even afterlive in SinSin-atti."
"Could we learn more from our custodial friends?"
"Too dangerous, I'd say," Meghan warned. 
"Looks like we're at a dead end. I'll tell Guinny." 
 # # # # # # # # 
Cassie and Paula never saw the counselor leave because she was still inside the complex when they returned to Heaven. While Paula was waiting for her to appear at ground level, the counselor was opening a door at the bottom of the stalactite and climbing up a short flight of stairs to her private apartment. The stairwell was too tiny (i.e., it was mortal sized) for any devils to enter. The living quarters were mortal sized too. She had a reading room, a bedroom, a kitchen with a stove and microwave, cupboards and a refrigerator full of mortal food. She also had a huge office that contained screens showing what each of SOADs were doing in real time. If any needed her help, she could counsel them remotely, or in dire situations, meet with them on Earth. Nothing could be done about Hell's smell. She didn't notice it any more. 
 # # # # # # # # 
We don't know exactly when the red light in the counselor's apartment began to flash, but we do know that it did flash. The counselor left her apartment, walked down the flight of stairs, entered the boardroom and sat down in a devil-sized chair. A devil was already in his chair behind a marble-topped desk. 
"It's time for you to make a decision, Zelda. You must contribute more to Hell's operations. You'll be living on Earth from now on."
"What about the spawn?"
"You can continue to host sex trysts for them once every three months."
"Are they on their own the rest of the time?"
"Yes. I have a record of the number of times that you have spoken with them remotely this last month. They don't need you."
"What are my job choices?"
"Assassin or spy."
"Just the one time?"
"You're not that stupid."
"Same targets as you mentioned before?"
"Yes. The Colorado governor and his wife. The assassin duty comes with perks. No torture pit assignments after you die."
"I'll be your spy, but nobody dies in order to open up a position for me on their staff."
"Agreed."
 
Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 8 

The crew of Heaven's space ships were not expecting any problems for the upcoming war games, July 31 and August 1. As my readers likely recall, the last war games were quite eventful with the Angelion.52 reaching the final battle, at which point Winnie conceded the battle to Commodore Ritchit for strategic purposes. Out of that concession, they received a free freighter (Angelion.98), plus free maintenance and supplies for both of their space ships. They had left Angelion.52 behind for servicing. [Bring Your PJs, #27.]
Everything was supposed to go smoothly for these war games. Shields would captain the Angelion.98, the first female captain to have that honor. Winnie would promote Heaven's flower crop with a cargo hold of free samples. She would also explore the possibility of Heaven collaborating with Angelion in the pursuit of research on cures for the Angelion curse. 
Galahad, Shields and Winnie knew, but did not care, that Angelion's techs had searched the Angelion.52 to find the secret of their success during the previous games. That success was due to William's adjustments to the ship, most importantly the invisibility of the lifeboat. Angelion would never discover that invisibility because Galahad took the invisibility filaments off the boat and put them in his pocket. At the end of these games, they'd get the Angelion.52 back and they'd have Angelion.98 serviced. Nobody cared about their placement in these war games. Their success in January 2094 dictated that they'd receive another invite in January 2095. 
They arrived at Angelion's spaceport early Friday, July 30. They moored the freighter in one of the slots for the Cargo Port Office where they would be able to empty their cargo hold. After that, Winnie, Shields, and Galahad went their separate ways. 
Guinny had already set up a meeting for Winnie with Angelion's Chief Medical Officer. She had indicated to Angelion's CEO that her emissary wanted to discuss how Heaven could assist with the Angelion curse. 
Winnie found Angelion's Planetary Hospital easily enough, checked in at reception, and gave her name. An angel arrived soon afterwards, announced that she would give Emissary Guinevere a tour of their hospital, and then proceeded to do that. The tour consumed fifteen minutes and ended at the top of the five-story building where their business offices were located. She brought Winnie to a corner office, rapped on the door, made the introductions when an angel in a white coat opened the door, and then left. 
Dr. Ling was an angel in white feathers and a white coat. Winnie realized that she would have difficulty picking him out of a crowd of five angels. She looked for something that was unique and failed to find anything. Meanwhile he was seating her in a comfortable chair that appeared to be built with angels in mind. 
[A reminder: Angels in Angelion use only a single name to identify themselves.]
"How may I help you?" he asked as he sat down behind his desk. A normal, everyday looking desk.
"Perhaps I could ask you some questions first? I know very little about your healthcare system."
"By all means," he said and smiled.
"How many hospitals does Angelion have?"
"One. This one. We serve the entire planet."
"I saw very few patients in the hospital during my tour."
"That is normal. Angels are hardy creatures. We are not vulnerable to diseases."
"Is that why your guide didn't take me onto your fourth floor?" 
"Yes. It's shut down."
"I don't recall seeing a maternity ward during the tour."
"What's a maternity ward?"
"A set of rooms dedicated towards helping women give birth."
"Angelion women deal with that themselves. They enlist family members for the most part and in some cases they have women volunteers. They do that in the community where the mother will give birth."
"A doctor is not present?"
"No. It would be unseemly for a male doctor to be involved in this process. Women have been giving birth for centuries. They know what they're doing and they have no reason to call on hospital resources."
"What's the most common ailment that you treat in your hospital?"
"Wing stresses. Ligaments, mostly. Angels deal with scrapes and bruises themselves."
"So, you're hardly busy at all?"
"I get to push electronic paper, supervise staff, schedule holidays, that kind of thing. I have a stress free job, as do most angels."
"You have a medical degree?"
"Of course. If surgery were ever required, I would be the surgeon."
"Do you ever conduct research?"
"No. It's not needed. Angelion hospitals rarely get any surprises."
"Do you ever wish that you could conduct research and make a real difference for your citizens?"
"That sounds like a lead in to why you're here," he said. 
"It is."
 # # # # # # # #
[At this point in the meeting, Winnie introduced herself as a woman with the Angelion curse. She indicated that she was hoping to find a cure to the curse and Heaven's scientists had begun research. They were hopeful that some tests that they had run would lead to a decrease in the severity of the ordeal if not a complete cure.]
 # # # # # # # #
"You're wasting your time," Dr. Ling observed. "The curse is a genetic anomaly that can only be eliminated by a complete DNA change. Even then, there'd be no guarantee that we wouldn't have a similar curse."
"Perhaps we are wasting our time, but the rewards would be great. We were hoping to enlist some of your women into our research efforts as test subjects."
"What would that involve?"
"During their three days of the curse, we would give each woman a chemical treatment that we believed would be a cure. We would also take samples of their hormones and enzymes. This would be painless and, of course, they would not remember any of this at the end of the three days. However, if one of the treatments we had developed led to a solution, we would know very quickly."
"We wouldn't want to give them false hope."
"It wouldn't be false hope. I can assure you that a solution exists. Medical science has changed dramatically in the last century. Heaven's scientists are at the top of the field. We WILL find a cure. All we need are Angelion women to serve as subjects in experiments that will not hurt them but could help them enormously."
"How would these test subjects be selected?"
"Do you have information on the Angelion women who are subject to the curse or soon will be?"
"That information is confidential."
"Of course. But the Angelion medical community must know the dates when a woman is going to enter the curse. How else could they arrange for help for these women? These women do receive help, right?"
"Yes. At the community level."
"But as the Chief Medical Officer of the entire planet, you would have access to those dates. Right?"
 "Yes. But those dates are confidential. You can't have them."
"We don't want them. We want you to invite the women who will experience the curse in the near future to participate in a research study. Our scientists will conduct the study under the supervision of your staff. We will not know anything about the women in the study. We will do these research studies until we find something that works. At that point, our scientists will create a pill, capsule, or injection that could eliminate the curse completely. This could completely change life on your planet."
"Yes, I see that it would."
 "Well?"
"I will pass your request to my boss. May I take a picture of you? That way he can put a name together with a face."
"Sure."
 # # # # # # # #
Narrator: Some of my readers may be wondering how angels in Angelion had learned English. Winnie was fluent in only that language. Surely, English explorers had not been able to fly their sailing ships to Angelion. So, how could Dr. Ling understand her?
 The Cosmos had thousands of planets. Almost all of them had their own language. Communications and trade between planets would be impossible if all the planets could not understand all the languages. 
The solution was a language chip that all Cosmos citizens were given at birth. That chip was included in Heaven's angel bodies that would need it. That meant all of their military and senior angels could travel between planets and understand any language they heard. Hell had a similar program because of its relationship with Lucifus. 

Back to the Table of Contents
 Chapter 9

When Winnie got back to the freighter, she found Shields sitting at the boardroom table with about fifty bots lying in a jumble on the table in front of her. "What are these?" she asked.
"Each bot contains a form that we have to fill out before we are eligible to trade goods with Angelion."
"Why would we want to trade with them? We're part of Angelion."
"We have to fill these out before we can unload our cargo. First, we need to have permission to use the cargo port and to hook ourselves up to the land-lines. Then, we have to submit a description of the cargo we will be unloading. Each flower is considered a separate trade item. They want to know the date of manufacture for each of them and a list of the separate components that were used to produce each trade item. They want a guarantee that each trade item is free of poisons, viruses, or other toxic materials that could pose a danger to Angelion or its environment. I also have to produce the trade agreement number under which we will make the trade including the agreed tax rate as determined by the trade agreement."
"But we don't want to trade anything. We want to give them some flowers."
"I explained that. I even gave the noxious port control creature one of the flowers. He said that we were trading it for free, but it still falls under a trade agreement. If we don't have a trade agreement in place, then there's a box of bots that we will have to fill out and submit through our embassy."
"But..."
"I know, I know. I said we were from Heaven, which is a part of Angelion. He had never heard of us. He looked us up in a directory of some kind and couldn't find us. I explained we were guardians of a per-civilized planet named Earth. He said pre-civilized planets aren't allowed to trade with civilized planets. If we wish to open up a trade agreement, we need to fill out some forms with the Cosmos first. Incidentally, we aren't allowed to park the ship where we are. We will be subject to a fine and towing if we don't move it within two passages of their sun."
"Did you explain that we are here for the war games? We've never needed a parking permit before."
"I tried. He said that there was no provision in his instructions for Angelion ships that are in the war games to park at the port. We'll have to fill out the forms on the table before we can move into Parking Area G."
"Where is that?"
"Apparently, that is confidential information and he'll release a map after I submit these forms. By the way, he's charging a processing fee for each form."
"We won't unload the cargo. When nobody is looking, we'll leave this part of the port and move to where we normally would moor the ship for the war games. The three of us can take some bundles of flowers to the dance on Sunday night and give them away. That worked well last time."
 # # # # # # # #
Galahad had a much more enjoyable experience. He went to the War Games Command Center where he completed a form to enter the Angelion.98 into the war games. It was a simple form. Name of ship and name of captain.
"You're not participating this year, Captain Galahad?" the official in charge of receiving entry forms asked as he perused the form.
"No. Captain Shields has been working with the crew and is more familiar than I am with its capabilities. She's the better choice. I'm going to enjoy watching from the sidelines."
"Some of the captains are in the club house, Captain Galahad. They'll be interested in hearing about your entry. We weren't sure if you would be entering the games or not."
"I brought a crew to pick up the Angelion.52 and return it to Heaven. I expect that it's ready to go."
"I wouldn't know anything about that, Captain. The club house is to your left as you leave the hall."
 # # # # # # # #
"Port Authority to Angelion.98: Prepare to open your cargo hold."
"Angelion.98 to Port Authority. What's up?"
"Port Authority to Angelion.98: We will be unloading your cargo in five minutes. Do not resist."
Galahad turned to Winnie and asked, "Why would we resist? I thought that we would have to unload it."
"I'm surprised that they're going to let us unload. Shields was inundated with forms this afternoon. She headed off to her bunk early with a headache."
"How about that. Angelion is showing us a little hospitality."
"I had an angel smile at me twice today." 
 # # # # # # # #
"This form gives us authority to impound your cargo under Section 21.3 of the Angelion Clean Air Act."
"What? I'm not familiar with that act," Galahad reacted with surprise.
"One of your crew gave me a sample of the flowers that you were trying to import into Angelion. I read up on these things you call flowers. They contain spores that drift through the air during a flower's reproductive period. Such spores can cause something called hay fever. Were you deliberately trying to spread a fever throughout our planet?"
"Spores are a natural part of how a flower reproduces," Winnie explained. "They're not poisonous. Besides, these are cut flowers. They are not in their reproductive period. They have no spores."
"Please produce your testing certificate that certifies that these cut flowers don't have any spores and they won't poison our air and our citizens."
 "You require a test certificate? For cut flowers? Cut flowers are effectively dead flowers."
"So you admit that they themselves are poisonous even to themselves. Open your cargo bay."
"All crew. Open cargo bay. Be prepared to assist with cargo offloading."
"What will you do with the flowers?"
"We will burn them."
[Don't say it, Winnie.]
[Don't say that burning the flowers would spread the spores through the atmosphere if they did happen to have spores?]
[Yeah. Don't say that.]

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 10

Early Saturday morning, Shields, Galahad and Winnie met in the 98's boardroom on Galahad's request. "We can't let the stresses that we had yesterday influence our performance today," he opened. "We should take the high road as far as the confiscation of our cargo is concerned. Clearly Angelion has no understanding of flowers and an ignorant customs officer was unable to reconcile our intention of giving the flowers away with his rule book. It happened. It's over. Are you OK with that now, Winnie?"
"Yes. If we do any form of trade or donation of flowers, we can hire an expert to handle the bureaucracy. For this weekend, the three of us can still go to the dance and give away some flowers. I had already taken the flowers for the wrist corsages out of the hold before the cargo was confiscated. They're in the cooler in the galley ready to go."
"Shields, the stress you had yesterday was understandable. You haven't been trained to navigate bureaucratic forms. Are you OK now?"
"Yes. I'm ready to have our crew meeting. I've been holding off because we don't know what team we will be on yet."
"Wasn't that information distributed Friday night as normal?"
"No. All the war games captains have reported that they are in their ships and ready to begin but nobody knows their team. This delay will mean that the two teams that will start the games won't be able to meet ahead of time to discuss strategy."
"That will be a disadvantage for those teams. I'm surprised they'll let that happen."
"What about the extra crew members that we have?" Shields asked. 
"Keep them here on the ship in case you need them. They have some war game experience. For now, let them stay in the mess so that they won't be in your way." 
Why are you doing that, Galahad? Isn't that an extra burden on Shields?
There's no reason for this delay. Determining teams is a simple process. Something is wrong. I want all of our crew in one place where I can see them.
 # # # # # # # #
"War Games Command to all ship captains: The start of this month's war games has been unavoidably delayed due to difficulties in composing the teams. In the interest of fairness to all, the start of the games will be delayed a half an hour so that all teams can discuss strategy. I'm distributing the team compositions now."
...
"They didn't put us on a team, Captain."
"Captain Galahad to War Games Command: Please advise which team the Angelion.98 should meet with."
"War Games Command to Captain Galahad: Lieutenant Shields is not accredited to lead an Angelion space ship into battle. We require a minimum rank of a captain."
"Captain Galahad to War Games Command: My entry form was very clear. Captain Shields is the captain of this ship. She has the required rank. She will take the Angelion.98 into battle."
"War Games Command to Captain Galahad: We have no record of approving this lieutenant's promotion to the rank of captain. She has not completed any of our required courses and she has not been examined for promotion by one of our ranking officers."
"Captain Galahad to War Games Command: Captain Shields completed all of the required courses that Heaven's spaceship command required. In addition, she has been examined and approved for promotion by Heaven's ranking officer." 
"War Games Command to Captain Galahad: But, we haven't approved her."
"Captain Galahad to War Games Command: You don't get to approve her. She is not a member of the Angelion command structure. The Angelion.98 is not your ship, she is Heaven's ship."
""War Games Command to Captain Galahad: A very large number of ship captains have come to me and threatened to withdraw from the war games if they are forced to accept Lieutenant Shields on their team."
 "Captain Galahad to War Games Command: What reasons do they cite for refusing to team up with Captain Shields?"
"War Games Command to Captain Galahad: They are concerned for the safety of their crew and their ship. They say that Lieutenant Shields is ill equipped to be a ship's captain."
 "Captain Galahad to War Games Command: On what basis can they make such a claim? None of them has seen Captain Shields in action."
"War Games Command to Captain Galahad: Nevertheless, they refuse to team up with the Angelion.98. Will you withdraw peacefully or must we force you out?"
"Captain Galahad to War Games Command: Please hold."
 # # # # # # # #
By this time, the crews of the Angelion.52 and the Angelion.98 were crowded into the 98's command post. As soon as the transmission ended, they crowded around Shields in a group huddle and under a featherly shield. Winnie and Galahad moved aside to give them more room.
Was he lying?
Yes, when he talked about the reluctance of the captains to be on the same team. 
What about the first part about not being accredited?
That was true. He really didn't think Shields was capable, but not for the reasons he gave. 
It's because she's a woman, isn't it.
That's what it looks like.
I talked about Shields taking the team into battle when I met with the captains yesterday. I didn't see anything in their reaction to that news, but I expect that you would have.
Are you going to support her?
If that's what she wants. She can challenge one of the teams to a 1 versus 4 preliminary battle. I know a battle strategy that will allow her to defeat four ships. 
She might have a plan already. Ask her what she wants.
 # # # # # # # #
"Captain Shields of the Angelion.98 to War Games Command and all captains in the war games: I understand that many captains have concerns about my ability to take an Angelion space ship into battle. I am informed that many captains have gone to the extremes of refusing to have me on their team. War Games Command is pressuring me to withdraw from the war games. No male Angelion captain would ever flee from the prospects of battle because of some meaningless threats. Nor will I. I hereby challenge any of the already constituted teams to serve as the defenders of the home planet in a preliminary war game battle. The Angelion.98 will attack the home planet. That will make it one against four. Will those odds reduce your fears enough to take on a sole freighter captained by a female?" 
That will certainly rile them up. Were those words hers or yours?
Mine. She was busy listening to you and then instructing the crew. Did she use your plan?
The tactical side of it. You'll love how she's going to use your flowers. 
It's time for you and me to leave the ship. Shall we observe the action from Battle Command's patio? 
It might be safer to watch from inside the building.
 # # # # # # # #
The four ships of Team Orange were arrayed in a curling defensive line between the Angelion.98 and the home planet in the distance. To make this opposing force easy for you to visualize, the orange team had a small ship, a medium ship, a large ship, and a very large ship. Small ships are generally used as scouts. They have speed, but very few defensive capabilities. Their job is look over the battle scene quickly before their team's main force arrives, determine the enemy formations, identify where weaknesses might exist, and then get out of Dodge City fast. The big boys would settle the matter. Angelion.52 would have been considered a scout ship before William converted it. 
Medium sized ships had increased amounts of defense and offense, but on their own, they could not withstand concentrated fire. Strategically, a battle commander could use the speed of two medium ships to quickly isolate a large ship, fire at it from two different locations, and destroy it. Thus, two medium sized ships could destroy a large ship if they worked together. The same ratio applies to large sized ships. Two of them, if used properly, could destroy a very large ship. Very large ships are slow but powerful. With concentrated fire, a very large ship could defeat any single ship in an armada. 
The Angelion.98 was considered a large ship because of its freight hold. It had a powerful engine for its size and warp 6 capacity that made it quick at hyper speed. It had notable offensive and defensive capabilities. With an empty cargo hold, the Angelion.98 was faster than its size would predict. Think of it as a large+ ship. Team Orange was not aware that 98's cargo hold was empty. 
Looking at the threats facing Shields: Team Orange's very large ship could, in theory, defeat the Angelion.98 if it could sustain a withering fire on it for a concentrated period of time. However, with its speed, the Angelion.98 could easily dodge and escape. None of the Orange Team's individual ships could defeat the Angelion.98 on its own. Shield's offensive strategy became: Stop the Orange ships from teaming up. She was going to keep them too busy to team up. 
 # # # # # # # #
Each ship in the war games carried a running time clock that would ensure that every ship would begin the battle when it was allowed to. That same clock would allow them to coordinate their actions with their team. This battle would end at T+20 minutes if the Angelion.98 weren't destroyed earlier. The time clock was now at 59 seconds and counting down. At 30 seconds, Angelion.98 went to warp. Team Orange ships put their sensors on high, and retreated a little to the home planet. 
At T+30 seconds, Angelion.98 emerged from warp. It had spent that minute traveling at high warp speed in a large semi-circle that took it from the front of the planet to the rear of the planet. Being at warp speed meant that it couldn't be sensed. Shields maneuvered the 98 at normal speed into a position where it was high enough to see a broad swathe of the home planet. That broads swathe included Angelion's commercial spaceport. The 98's un-armed missile took twenty seconds to hit that spaceport.
"Captain Shields of the Angelion.98 to War Games Command and all captains in the war games: I have destroyed Angelion's commercial port with a missile shot from outside your atmosphere. If this were a real war, Angelion would not be able to receive any goods or supplies from friendly neighbors. You are now isolated in this war."
With that notice, Shields went to warp at T+2 minutes. Team Orange was left to realize that when Shields had said that she would attack the home planet, she actually did mean she'd attack the home planet itself. Why attack the ships waiting in front of it when all sorts of defenseless goodies were waiting to be destroyed behind it. 
At T+4, Shields came out of warp. She was orbiting above Angelion's southern hemisphere. This part of Angelion was lightly populated and consisted primarily of agricultural land. It was from here that Angelion received most of its food. 
"Captain Shields of the Angelion.98 to War Games Command and all captains in the war games: I have fired a missile carrying a poisonous virus into the agricultural lands of your planet at position 32:45:160:44. While your population can continue to live on solar power, the virus is contaminating your air and ground water. The longer you take to eradicate the virus, the longer your planet's main economic driver will be off line. Right now, you can't eradicate the virus because you have an enemy star ship prepared to launch another virus somewhere else."
At T+5, Shields went back to warp. 
Team Orange was faced with the dilemma of defending an entire planet with four ships. The team leader placed them at the 12, 3, 6, and 9 o'clock positions and waited. This strategy was entirely predictable. 
At T+9, Shields came out of warp and orbited into position directly above the most important target on the planet. She dropped the ship low enough so that it would be visible to all of the war game spectators and then fired a missile. 
"Captain Shields of the Angelion.98 to War Games Command and all captains in the war games: Those of you near the Battle Command Center have just witnessed a missile striking the ground 100 metres in front of your building. That missile, and the others that I have already used, only contain flowers of peaceful greetings from Heaven. But had I been your enemy, all of you would be dead now. In terms of this war game, all battle command personnel are dead. Your communication systems are destroyed. Battle Command, you no longer are able to communicate with your defensive forces in the simulation. Step away from your communication devices." 
At T+11 Shields accelerated away from the Battle Command building and went back to warp. 
At T+14, Shields came out of warp at the 6 pm defensive position. As luck would have it, the small scout ship was in this position. The ship had the speed to escape, but the 98 had surprise on its side. The battle lasted thirty seconds.
"Captain Shields of the Angelion.98 to War Games Command and all captains in the war games: I have destroyed Team Orange's scout ship."
At T+16, Shields went back to warp. Team Orange's leader brought the three remaining ships into a defensive position where they could support each other. In doing so, he left the planet completely open for attack.
At T+19, Shields came out of warp, orbited and fired off her last flowery missile. 
"Captain Shields of the Angelion.98 to War Games Command and all captains in the war games: While Team Orange was busy protecting itself, I have destroyed the planet's sole hospital. If this were a real war, all of your casualties would die from lack of medical attention. It is now T+20. This war game is over."
 # # # # # # # #
It took War Games Command another twenty minutes to declare the winner of the initial war game.
"War Games Command to all captains in the war games as well as to Lieutenant Shields: We note with dismay that Lieutenant Shields' missile strikes were dangerous to innocent civilians. We also are dismayed that the Angelion.98's uncertified officer in charge failed to observe speed restrictions within Angelion's atmosphere that also threatened the health and safety of innocent civilians. War Games Command thereby rules that Angelion.98 has forfeited the right to participate in this and future war games. Team Orange is declared the winner of the initial war game. Angelion.98, you have 48 hours to leave Angelion's air space. Do not return." 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 11

Sunday, August 1. Day 2 of the war games. Shields and the two crews were working in the Angelion.98 making lists of supplies and materials that the ship needed. While Angelion was unlikely to keep its previous agreement to provide free maintenance to the transport, the crews might be able to pilfer the supply warehouse again with the help of their inside friend. Shields would feel really stupid if they had that opportunity but didn't have a list.
Galahad was all for leaving immediately after the ruling that the 98 had been disqualified. He even took some of the crew on a search through the shipyards looking for the 52. They found it tethered to the ground with a notice attached to a sturdy looking lock. 
The notice read. Take notice that the Captain of the Angelion.52 must present himself to the Commissioner of Interplanetary Relations on Monday, August 2 at 11 am. Until then, the Angelion.52 is grounded. Harsh penalties will be applied if this ship is moved or entered without permission. 
That's interesting, he thought. Interplanetary relations? He returned to the 98 to find Winnie holding a copy of the same document. She didn't have any idea what was happening either and the angel who delivered the document would not respond to any questions other than how to find the meeting room. He did insist that she sign a document that verified that she had received the invitation. This did not bode well for their peace of mind this day. 
"I want to look around Angelion," Winnie said to Galahad. "Let's see if William's sling invisibility powers work on the planet. They should. They worked in outer space." 
...
"You can travel with me in my sling. Our bodies will have to touch," Winnie observed. 
"I'll grit my teeth." 
And so, that's how Winnie and Galahad observed Angelion's male and female angels as they went around their daily life. Turns out that Sunday was not a special day on Angelion [Duh] and so they were able to see male and female angels at work and perhaps play. 
They returned to the 98 at 3 pm. Winnie and Galahad sat in the boardroom to discuss their observations. "I don't want to talk about what we saw," Winnie opened. "I want to talk about what we didn't see."
It was a short list.
"I didn't see any male angel interacting with any female angel in a social setting," Galahad said. "When we were in that pub, we saw no interaction between the genders whatsoever."
"I didn't see a female angel in a position of authority," Winnie volunteered.
"What about that remote care facility? A female was in charge of that."
"True. Let me revise. I didn't see a female and a male angel together where the female was in a position of authority. The care facility was entirely female. Obviously, female angels are able to assume authority competently. They don't get a chance when a male is present."
"In all the businesses that we saw, I never saw a male angel speak to a female angel in anything other than through orders or instructions," Galahad recalled.
"I didn't see angels smiling. The hospital angel that I talked to was the only friendly looking angel that I have seen."
"Perhaps that's a cultural thing. Perhaps they are communicating with each other in ways that we don't perceive."
"Perhaps the difficulty that the captains had accepting Shields on a team was simply a reflection that Angelion is a male dominated planet." Winnie was confident in that assessment. 
"You said that you saw a lie when Battle Command talked about the captains and their unwillingness to take Shields on a team. But I think the lie was when he said that the captains had come to him. They never would have come to him."
"Even if they were truly unwilling to take females on a team?"
"Military people do not complain to anybody outside their unit when they receive an order they don't like. The proper protocol is to express concern to your superior and then obey whatever he says."
"But the captains were still anxious."
"Yes, they have no experience with women in authority. That will bother them. But if their superior officer ordered them to take a female on their team and treat her properly, they would try their hardest and not complain about it."
"Where does this leave us?"
"Battle command made up that story about captains complaining and, more importantly, the angel who is the superior to these captains was cut out of the loop. The captains would have gone to him. Since they didn't go to him, that means he was not involved in any of the decisions. The captains wouldn't have behaved this way if he were, and Shields would have been included from the git go."
"Their superior is Commodore Ritchit?"
"Yes. I wonder why they froze him out."
"Who are THEY?"
"I'd guess THEY are the people we're going to see tomorrow." 
"We should go to the officer's mess tonight. Ritchit might be there."
"If not, somebody will know where he is."
 # # # # # # # #
Are you feeling better about the day now? Winnie and Shields were crammed into a corner of the mess. It was hard to hear with so many captains talking and drinking so they went to mind messaging. 
Yes. I think all of the captains have come by and congratulated me. The four that I faced in battle came as a group. 
Galahad said that military people will praise good military tactics even if they don't particularly like the person. 
Are you saying that they don't like me? I'm crushed.
Right. Are you all set to re-supply the 98?
Yes. We'll start in a couple of hours. We have a big crew tonight so we'll finish it quickly.
Before that, how'd you like to visit Commodore Ritchit with Galahad and me?
Sure. Where is he? I haven't seen him.
We have the address. I've been told that he would dearly like to meet the first female Angelion ship captain, even if you do ignore speed limits.
What a crock that was. 
That crock shows that somebody in Angelion is desperate. I'm hoping Commodore Ritchit will tell us who and why. 
 # # # # # # # #
That was disappointing. [Winnie]
Ritchit is under some form of house arrest, I assume. Shields, when you peeked inside, did you see a way that we could meet with him without a guard present? [Galahad]
There's no way to do that. I saw guards inside and outside. Why would he be guarded so tightly? [Shields]
My guess? He knows something and those guards are there to prevent him from talking to anybody. [Winnie]
Something to do with why we're meeting with the Commissioner of Interplanetary Relations? [Shields]
We should assume that. He's not under house arrest because you beat them in the war games. [Galahad]
In our meeting tomorrow, I'll have my mortal pinky ring on my angel finger. I'll record everything. 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 12

The office of the Commissioner of Interplanetary Relations was on the second floor of a sturdy building across from a busy square facing Angelion's version of Government House, which had a lot of white translucent spires. The sturdy government building housing the Commissioner had a lot of square brown bricks. Those were its most appealing feature. 
An anonymous door on the second floor was guarded by two sturdy male angels who moved in front of the door as our intrepid trio approached. One flipped through three pages holding three photos and nodded to his partner who opened the door, motioned them in, and led them to a sturdy table with three sturdy chairs. "Sit," he sturdified.
The table and chairs faced a dais on which a sturdy table claimed citizenship rights. The three chairs behind the table appeared to be comfortable. A bank of lights on the ceiling was the only other feature worth noting. The walls were painted beige, but all government walls throughout the known Cosmos are painted beige, so this was hardly worth describing. 
A chime sounded. One of the sturdinosaurs grunted, "Stand," which our heroes did. A trio of angels strode across the dais and sat in the three chairs. They wore white feathers, [duh] and a long white cape. "Who do we have here?" the angel in the middle of the table asked the pair of sturdinosaurs. The one with the thickest neck responded by saying their names and pointing. "Captain Galahad of the Angelion.52; Guinevere, an emissary from Queen Guinevere of Heaven, and Lieutenant Shields of the Angelion.98. You may sit now." The pair of sturdinosaurs took up position against a wall by the exit door. Winnie and Shields sat. Galahad reversed the chair, straddled the seat and sat. He rested his arms on the top of the chair back. 
"This tribunal is now in session," the head cape wearer announced.
"Identify yourselves," Galahad got in the next words. 
"You will speak when you are told to speak!"
"No, I won't. In any formal proceeding in Heaven and I'm sure in Angelion, the angels running the proceeding are required to identify themselves. You know who we are. Now tell us who you are."
"We're giving you the courtesy of..."
"We're leaving," Galahad said stood up. He helped Winnie and Shields dislodge their sturdy heavy chairs from Angelion's gravity enough for them to stand and begin the walk to the door. The two sturdy but slow reacting goons blocked the door. 
[I got this.]
Shields moved close enough to do the traditional stare down. She added an unexpected grip of death to each throat. The goons slowly edged up onto their tippy-talons as Shields squeezed and lifted her arms. "Permission to kill, Captain?" Shields asked in her nicey-nice voice.
"Not yet." Galahad turned and looked at the dais. "What's it going to be? We came here voluntarily, not because we were ordered to. We expect this meeting to be run properly and that includes identification of the participants. Shield's thumbs are poised to crush some larynxes. Make a decision. Your angels are turning blue." [Finally! Angels that weren't all white.] 
"We'll give you our names."
...
"Fridal, we will leave when we want to. We expect you to treat us politely as guests to your planet. Shields' is not a lieutenant. She is a captain. The two angels guards will stay outside this room. You will give us comfortable chairs to sit in."
Head angel Fridal nodded and instructed his two minions, "Bring them some armchairs from my office." 
 # # # # # # # #
"What is the role of the Commissioner of Interplanetary Relations on Angelion?" Winnie asked.
"The commissioner is the government official charged with maintaining good relationships with other planets with whom we have trade treaties. His purview extends to the Heaven - Angelion agreements."
"But none of you is the commissioner himself?"
"The commissioner has charged us with investigating concerns about breaches of the Heaven - Angelion agreements. He has given us wide latitude to investigate and solve."
"You think there's been a breach in our agreements?" Winnie was still running point on this part of the meeting. The angel in the middle of the table was the one who was talking. The other two never did say anything during this meeting. 
"Not yet, but there could be."
"Ask your questions."
"Captain Galahad, in the war games held at the end of December 2093, the Angelion.52 had remarkable success. To what do you attribute that success?"
"Superior training and superior team skills."
"I understand that you were able to disable the communications equipment that linked the ships of your opponents. How did you do that?"
"With superior training and superior team skills."
"I understand that disabling the communications equipment required your ship to hit the tiny tip of an antenna from a very long distance away. You did that multiple times. How were you able to do that?" 
"With superior training and superior team skills."
"Would other Angelion ships be able to duplicate your results?"
"Of course. We all have identical ships."
"The captains of the affected ships claim that hitting that antenna multiple times from such distances was impossible. They would have needed an entirely different weapon with different targeting equipment. How do you explain that?"
"If those captain employed the same superior training and superior team skills that we have, they'd be able to hit that antenna."
"Our scientists have examined the offensive weaponry in our ships and considered the likelihood of that weaponry achieving the success that you had. They say that your success was impossible to achieve with the weaponry available to you. How do you react?"
"If your scientists were smart enough to be able to use your weaponry to its fullest, they'd be able to hit the targets that we did."
"Did your ship have a different weaponry system than what was given to all of Angelion's ships?"
"No. The Angelion military knows what weaponry the 52 had. Your military installed it. At the end of the war games, the 52 went immediately into your docks. If the ship had another weaponry system, it would have been impossible to remove it without leaving marks. The military has had the 52 in your docks for six months. Did they find an upgraded weaponry system while they were servicing it?"
"No. "
"Therefore, the 52 did not have an advanced weaponry system during the war games. Are we done here?"
"No. If Heaven had created a new weaponry system...."
"Enough with this line of questioning," Winnie interrupted. "Hypothetical questions can be structured in such a way to make them impossible to answer. For example, Fridal, if you had a pair of ovaries, would Angelion treat its women differently?"
 "That's insulting. We treat our women properly." 
[He lied.] "Do you see what I mean about hypothetical questions? I'm sure you treat your women properly. Move on to something else."
"Captain Galahad, at times during the war games, your ship went into warp drive almost immediately after coming out of warp drive. Our scientists say that such a short interval between jumps is impossible. No ship can reach warp speed that quickly."
"Let's short cut this. Galahad, assume that he will ask the same series of questions as before and answer those for him."
"The Angelion military knows what warp drive the 52 had. Your military installed it. At the end of the war games, the 52 went immediately into your docks. If the ship had another warp drive, it would have been impossible to remove it without detection. The military has had the 52 in your docks for six months. Did they find an upgraded warp drive while they were servicing it?" 
 ...
"Well, Fridal. Did your military find a different warp drive?" Winnie again. 
"No."
"Are we done here?"
"No. Are any of you aware that as part of the Heaven - Angelion agreement, if Heaven were to invent or develop a new weaponry system or a new warp drive on our ships, Angelion would own the rights to both?"
[Possibly a lie or a bluff.] "Does that mean that if Heaven were to invent a new flower, that Angelion would own the rights to it?"
"No."
"Why one and not the other?"
"You own the land on which you created the new flower. We own the Angelion.52. That makes any changes that you make to it ours."
"You don't own the 52," Galahad contradicted. "There are no changes to the 52's weapons or warp drive. You own the rights to nothing." 
"We own the rights to anything that you have used to improve the 52 because we own the 52."
 "We had an agreement in 2081 in which the 52 was transferred to Heaven's command." Galahad again.
"Who negotiated that agreement with you?"
"Commodore Ritchit."
"We have no record of that agreement. Angelion has great respect for Commodore Ritchit," Fridal smiled. "But, this great angel has lost his mental acuity and is in his final days." 
[All lies. That house arrest is going to be fatal.] "Any problems that you have with the Heaven - Angelion agreements should be taken up with the Cops of the Cosmos. For now, you have not shown any evidence that any improvements have been made to the 52, so you have no claim on the 52. We will be taking it with us when we leave tonight."
"The ship is ours."
Winnie continued. "The Angelion.52 was transferred to Heaven thirteen years ago. You have had ample time to act but you have not. If you have a problem with our ownership of the Angelion.52, take it up through the normal channels. Are we done?"
"No. Angelion does not believe you when you say that you have not developed new weaponry or a new warp drive. Those new developments belong to Angelion. We can only conclude that Heaven is lying to us. We refuse to have any agreements with a colony that lies to us. I give you one more chance. Transfer ownership of the new changes that you invented for the 52 to us or we will cancel all of the Angelion - Heaven agreements."
[He's lying about the new developments belonging to them. But, he's not bluffing. He wants us to turn him down.] "We will need a few minutes alone."
"You will decide now."
[I don't see how this is a bad thing for Heaven. Anybody?]
[If he wants us to turn him down, we should do that.]
[Agreed.]
"Your answer?"
"We do not have a new warp drive or new weaponry to give you. You ask the impossible. We're leaving now." 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 13

Shields collected her emergency kit rucksack from a nearby roof and the three of them winged to the Angelion.52's mooring. A mini-cutting torch from Shields' pack made quick work of the chain that was keeping the ship tethered. "I'll meet you outside their sensor range," Galahad informed Shields. "We'll talk there, but let's move the ships out of harm's way first."
"Try not to speed," Shields encouraged.
"Winnie, when we leave for Heaven, you will ship out on the 98. I'll go alone on the 52."
"In your dreams, Galahad."
 # # # # # # # #
"Any idea why they are cancelling the Angelion - Heaven agreements?" Galahad asked Winnie. They were sitting in the 52's lifeboat, which was floating invisibly in space next to the 52 and the 98. All were outside the range of Angelion's sensors. 
"No. It doesn't make any sense," she replied. 
"They've found a way to blame it on us," Shields observed. "That will play well with the home crowd. Plus, they accused us of cheating in the war games. We're such a bad colony."
"Good point," Galahad said. "They're politicians. As politicians, they have saved their planet from a bunch of cheaters. They won't get any reaction from their citizens."
"The military knows the truth about the war games," Winnie said.
"The military has been neutered. The commodore is under house arrest and will soon die of senility. They'll replace him with somebody they can control."
"I agree with Galahad," Shields agreed.
"But why are they doing this?" Winnie bewildered. "These people are reacting in ways that are incomprehensible."
"Would it be because of your talk with the hospital guy?" Shields asked.
"Probably. That's how he got my picture. But, we aren't getting anywhere in our investigation. We don't know anything today that we didn't know last week. Namely, they're a male dominant society and the male angels don't like women. How is us knowing that a threat to them?" 
"What about your request for some subjects for your study?" Shields asked.
"Even if I did find a cure for the curse, nothing would change in this planet. The women would still be second-class citizens. There's no risk to the politicians if I find a cure. Why would they care about the study?"
"We may never know," Galahad predicted. 
"So, we go home? This is none of our business?" Winnie wasn't particularly happy about this.
"We go home very carefully. They do want to find out how we turned 52 into a supership. They'll have bugs in the ship now. We'll have to do a thorough check when we arrive home. Until then, nobody speaks about the ship's capabilities."
"Is that why we're in the lifeboat?"
"It's one reason."
"And the second reason?" Winnie prompted Galahad.
"As far as they know, we and the three justices are the only ones who know the truth about what happened in that meeting. What would the status of the agreements be if we didn't get home?" 
"That's somewhat paranoid," Shields observed. "But, it's never a bad idea to be paranoid when you're around some lunatics. They're prepared to kill one of their own. Why wouldn't they kill us too? Captain, the 98 should tow the 52 home."
"What are you saying, Shields?" Winnie asked. 
Galahad explained. "If somebody wanted to kill us before we arrived at home to report, they could do that with an explosive device on our warp drive."
Shields had a slightly different idea. "If I wanted to kill us, I'd put two devices on the warp drive. We'd feel good about finding the first one, relax our precautions, and then go into warp."
"Thanks a lot, Shields. I'm going to sleep really well going home."
"Still, you'll wake up. What's the third reason why we're sitting in this lifeboat, Captain?"
"You have a third reason?" Winnie had to play catch-up.
"Of course. There has to be. We're sitting inside an invisible lifeboat."
"Galahad?"
"I figured we should get a quick start on the rescue mission you want us to make."
"I never said anything about that."
"You mumble in your sleep. It's part of all that disgusting drooling." 
"I do not mumble and I do not drool!"
"Are we rescuing Ritchit or not?" Shields asked. "Winnie, did I gear myself all up for nothing?"
"I don't have much of a plan yet."
"Sure you don't. Cast off the lifeboat, Captain Shields. Take us to Angelion."
"Aye-aye, Captain Galahad."
 # # # # # # # #
"He's still alive," Shields reported on her silent entry into the commodore's home. "I didn't try to rouse him. His heart beat was strong."
"Guards?"
"None in his bedroom. Two are posted outside the front and back entrances. Both are hidden and awake. A third guard is in a second bedroom inside and is asleep. They may have a rotating schedule. If so, it wasn't posted. Three pill bottles are in that second bedroom. The names of the pills didn't mean anything to me."
"The bedroom is on an outside wall?" Winnie asked.
 "Yes."
"Could you personally escape quietly through that wall, Shields?"
"Yes. Ritchit's home is similar to one of our aeries except it's fastened to the ground. It looks like the planet is under climate control, so the house basically keeps the rain and wind out."
"Could a sharp kitchen knife slice a hole through it?"
"With effort, yes."
"What are you thinking, Winnie?" Galahad asked.
"We can't break him out of that house covertly with three guards on site. Also, we can't risk being identified by the guards as heavenly angels. That means that the commodore has to escape on his own, or at least appear to do that. If I were aware that I was being drugged, I could pretend to swallow the pills, fake being drugged, and then break out of the house in the middle of the night. We need to paint that picture."
"I'll take one pill out of each pill bottle and leave them near his bed," Shields offered. "I'll make it look like he pretended to swallow them."
"I'll break him out," Galahad said. "His finger prints will be on the knife."
"I'll create a trail that a drugged angel might leave behind him," Winnie offered. "Shields, I need to know the names of the pills. Galahad, I'll need some of his feathers."
"I'll pluck a few to test whether he'll remain asleep," Galahad added. 
 # # # # # # # #
Tuesday morning. The escape plan had worked. What they needed now was to give Commodore Ritchit some medical attention. The further away that medical clinic was, the better it would be. Galahad and Winnie had observed a medical clinic the day that they had explored Angelion. It was a long way from the commodore's ex-home. That's why they were here. Winnie was meeting with the head caregiver in her office. The commodore was in the lifeboat talking with Galahad. He was still slurring his words and appeared disoriented, but he was conscious and he could walk. Shields was counting the number of female angels in the care facility. She was also checking if there were any males in the facility or near by.
"Your name is Winnie and you are from another planet. We don't receive many extraterrestrial visitors. You can call me K-Lit."
"I am part of a delegation that has been visiting Angelion. Do you know anything about Heaven?"
"Not much. I know that it's an Angelion outpost in a pre-civilized planet."
"That's right. The planet is called Earth. I'm one of the angels in that outpost. I have a pure Angelion angel body, complete with the curse."
"You look too young for that."
"I've had three incidents."
"Would you mind looking at this light?"
...
"I'll have to look away soon. I can't handle shimmering lights."
"I can see that." She turned the light off and put it back in a desk drawer. "You haven't borne a child yet."
"No. You didn't trust me?"
"No."
"Why not?"
"Why are you here?"
"I have some influence in Heaven. I am initiating a scientific study through which Heaven hopes to find a cure for the curse."
"You're wasting your time."
"I've heard the claim that the curse is caused by a genetic failure. That's not the case. Our endocrinologists have discovered four solid research leads that they believe can either relieve angels from some of the effects of the curse or cure them completely."
"What science tests are your leads based on?"
"Blood and urine analysis. I was the test subject."
"What level of analysis did you reach in your blood tests?"
"I'm not a doctor, so I don't know if this is what you want. Heaven's scientists are looking at changes in enzyme levels as the key to finding a cure."
"You have labs that can do that?"
 "Yes. Can Angelion test for blood enzymes?"
"Angels hardly ever get sick. There is one such lab in the Planetary Hospital. If you wanted to do a study, why didn't you approach the Chief Medical Officer at the hospital?"
"I did. I met with a Doctor Ling who seemed interested and said that he would pass my request for test subjects to his boss."
"I'm surprised that he showed interest. Why did you assume that?"
"Because he smiled twice as I was describing what we wanted."
"Do you mean he showed you his teeth?"
"Yes. A smile is a very common way to greet strangers in Heaven and on Earth. He was friendly when we haven't been receiving that reaction."
 "Could you come with me into the hallway?"
"Sure."
"We have more space here. You're going to turn your back to me. I need a minute or so to prepare. When I tap you on your back, turn and look at me." 
...
 # # # # # # # #
"Would you take your knee off my throat, please," K-lit croaked. 
Winnie did and then helped K-Lit to her feet.
"Why'd you do that?" Winnie asked. 
"Does your body always change like that when it is attacked?"
"What change?"
"Look at your feathers. They're all sticking out straight. You have some kind of claws on your hands. You're in a semi crouch. You had me on the floor before I could pull my hand back. Your eyes are somewhat scary. Can you blink for me? Come on, blink for me. Good. Now stand up straight. Let's sit in the office. I need to breathe."
...
 "What just happened?"
"Did you see my teeth when you turned around?"
"Yes, I thought you were a vampire about to chew up my throat. I thought that you would stab me too. What did you have in your hand?"
 "A spring-loaded injectable pod. The needle was long and sharp but I had taken the spring out. You weren't in danger." 
"Why did you do this?"
"Many centuries ago in the beginning of the evolution of the Angelion angel, our bodies had four extended canine teeth. Think of them as fangs. Prehistoric angels used them to fight off predators and to rip off the flesh of animals that we had killed for food. Over time, as our predators went extinct, those fangs became normal canine teeth. When threatened from a sudden danger, all Angelion angels exhibit a primal fear response. For us, that primal response is to bare our teeth. In prehistoric times, the next step in that response would have been to rip the predator's throat out. Nowadays, since we have very little to fear in our world, we hardly ever see somebody showing their teeth in a social situation. Ling wasn't being friendly toward you. He was unconsciously showing you a primal fear response. I showed you what he actually wanted to do, namely to chew your throat apart. You reacted with your own primal fear response. You attacked like a whirlwind."
"Ling wanted to kill me?"
"He smiled because you frightened him. In prehistoric times, that fear could cause him to attack the most vulnerable part of a predator's body, which is usually the throat. It's clear from that smile that you are a threat to him in some way."
"So, I shouldn't expect him to recommend our scientific study to his bosses."
"You have as much chance of that happening as I have a chance of being assigned to a doctor's job in that hospital."
"You're a doctor?"
"I am fully trained. I was the token female in the class. I thought that they would give me a chance to work in the hospital. Instead, they assigned me to work in the most remote care center on the planet. They say that I can have more of an impact here. That was true. I can. There's hardly anything for doctors to do in that hospital. But I deserved to have the chance to turn the job down. If Ling fears you, I want to be on your side. I'll help you with your study. But first, you have to tell me why your primal fear response was so different. The erect feathers are normal. Your attack wasn't. I've never seen anything like that."
"I have had some military training."
"Now I understand. A trained response has replaced the primal response. Those claws?"
"To be used against our natural enemy in Heaven."
"Are they predators?"
"Yes. Earth is pre-civilized There are threats everywhere. Let me change the subject. If an Angelion angel smiled while he was talking about a famous angel, what would that mean?"
"These subconscious-driven smiles cannot be controlled. They're a reflex and that angel is unlikely to know what he's done. That famous angel is a threat to him. Who is the famous angel?"
"I'm glad you asked that question. I believe he needs medical help. Can you look at him?"
"Bring him in."
"How about you and I go for a walk in the woods and you can meet him. Here's a list of some medications that he's been given. He's not doing well."
...
"That's not surprising with these medications. Give me a minute to pack an emergency bag. Am I doing something that Angelion males will object to if I help you?"
"Yes."
"Good."
 # # # # # # # #
"The heavy sedative will not be a problem for you, Commodore. It will clear your system within two days. The anti-venom medicine will not affect your system on its own because you haven't been poisoned. It's the side effect that I presume they wanted you to experience and that will also dissipate when you stop taking the pills."
"What was the side effect?" the commodore asked. 
"It creates the symptoms of dementia. The third pill is more dangerous. How's your appetite?"
"I have very little."
"Do you have pains in your abdomen?"
"Yes."
"Are they becoming worse?"
"Yes."
"How's your mood? Are you enjoying life?"
"No."
"Normally, this pill is used during invasive operations. It is a strong narcotic that will control the pain of the surgery. If you take too much of it, the side effect of this pill will be to drive you into deep depression for as long as you continue to take the pill. With the other pill's dementia side effect, a presiding doctor would have ample reason to register you in an end-of-life program through which you would be euthanized."
"And if I stop taking this invasive operation pill?"
"How long have they been giving it to you?"
"I've been confused. Four or five days at least."
"That's long enough to made you dependent on a high strength addictive narcotic. Given your age, it will be difficult for you to handle the withdrawal pains when you stop taking the pill."
"Where should I go for help? Planetary Hospital?"
"No. That's where those pills came from." 
 # # # # # # # #
Winnie, Shields and Galahad were back in the 98, which was towing the 52 slowly away from Angelion. The two crews were in the 52 and taking the engine room apart, one bolt at a time. Galahad had already reported to Heaven that they'd be delayed returning. They didn't have a secure transmission line to Heaven, so he didn't elaborate. 
"The commodore is in good hands, Galahad," Winnie reassured him. "K-Lit will help him through the withdrawal." 
"Taking him into her own home was an extraordinary offer given her views on male angels," Shields observed. 
"National hero meets the best doctor in Angelion," Galahad observed. 
"How do you know she's the best doctor?" Shields asked.
"That's what her staff and patients think of her," Galahad said. "They gave her a coffee mug with the inscription Best Doctor on Angelion. She showed it to me when she was moving the commodore in."
"I like the precautions that she has taken," Shields started. "No woman is admitted into the compound that she doesn't know personally or doesn't have a recommendation by a female angel that she knows personally." 
"Somebody is out to get her?" Winnie asked.
"She thinks that's a possibility. She's been outspoken about the level of personal care that women need when they're in their three-day cycle and how males are completely unsuited to caring for Angelion women. She doesn't allow any males anywhere near the compound. She also provides a comfortable maternity ward environment and tries to counsel the angels after the birth. She has a huge compound. One of her aides gave me a tour. Everybody loves her."
"How will Ritchit fit in after his withdrawal from the narcotic?" Winnie asked.
"He's a national hero. They'll keep him hidden." Galahad seemed confident about the commodore's safety. "The alternative was for us to take him to Heaven and he didn't want to do that. He volunteered to learn how to use our blood testing equipment so that they can conduct the scientific study Winnie wants. It'll give him something to do, which he needs."
"I have four research leads to pursue. I'll focus on one lead at a time. K-Lit receives lots of clients, so I'll have enough subjects. We'll return to the compound each month with a set of pills. She'll give the subjects a pill three days before they're due to enter the cycle. The blood analyses will indicate what enzymes have been affected and by how much. In a best-case scenario, the subject won't show symptoms of the curse and we'll have the cure. We should have good news within four months. "
"Don't forget the follow-up safety studies," Shields warned. "They don't want any dangerous side effects. Plus, we don't know if they will have to continue to take a pill to keep the curse away."
"Now, all we have to do is get home without blowing ourselves up." Galahad stated the obvious.
"Perhaps we should," Shields mused.
"Perhaps we should what?" Galahad pursued.
"Blow ourselves up. We have to return to Angelion every month. The lifeboat can probably get us close enough to home to call for help. We'd have more peace of mind if the Angelion military and Fridal thought we were dead."
"I like that idea," Galahad responded. "The commodore is now convinced that at least one angel in the senior ranks has committed some heinous acts. He had heard some rumors and was poking around. That probably spooked the traitor and caused the house arrest."
"Traitor?" Winnie asked.
"Absolutely. Military angels swear an oath to defend their planet. Acting dishonorably at a personal level is considered being a traitor to that oath."
"If they think that we're dead, they won't worry about us trying to cure the curse. We can push that as fast as we want."
"Looks like we're agreed that we should blow ourselves up. Are we still within range of Angelion's sensors, Captain Shields."
"Yes, Captain Galahad."
"Alert the crew of the 98 and then execute the double warp. Let's give them a nice big explosion." 

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 14 

"Angelion.98, communicate with Heaven immediately." 
Winnie was at the helm of the 98 when that message came through. The rest of the crew were in the 52's engine room. Galahad had successfully convinced Winnie that the best way that she could contribute was by driving the 98. That would free up a trained crew member to look for explosive devices. Winnie knew how to steer the ship. She didn't know how to answer the communication. She did know how to reach Galahad. 
Galahad, Heaven is communicating. Sounds urgent. 
The 52 received a similar message. I'll respond from here. 
 # # # # # # # #
Back in Tucson, it was Wednesday, August 3. Tryouts for the U of A baseball Wildcats would begin the next Monday. All of the eligible members of last year's team were now working out in informal groupings on the baseball field during the day. Six new faces were at those practices, one of which belonged to Maureen McReady. Last year's team knew Maureen well from her days as a Sun Devil and welcomed her enthusiastically. The other five newcomers were first year students hoping to win a spot on the team. They worked out on their own. Maureen worked out with the team. 
It was common for spectators to be in the stands, often because of the air conditioning in the ball park. Nobody had any reason to look at the two men siting high in the stands pretending to read some Welcome to the University of Arizona pamphlets. They certainly didn't have any reason to listen in on their conversation. We, on the other hand, have a reason to listen in. 
"Do you see the big blonde girl with the pony tail?"
"Yeah. She's throwing..... now."
"That's her. She'll be here for another hour. Then, she'll go to the cafeteria and eat. At about 7, she'll go into the training center and work out on some of the machines."
"I don't know where the training center is."
"I'll show you. Few students will be on the machines, so we'll be spotted easily. We'll hang around outside. At about 9, she'll leave for her apartment. I know where that is. She always takes the same route. There's a little park on the way. We'll meet her there. I've stolen two bats and have hidden them in the park."
"We're attacking her with bats?"
"Yeah. We'll leave them behind after we're finished. Wear gloves and a hoody."
"Possible witnesses?"
"Unlikely at that time of night. But she shares the apartment with a little girl, possibly her younger sister who is blonde too. She's might be twelve. She might be walking home with her. That shouldn't matter. You'll kneecap the big girl's left leg; I'll kneecap the right. Five seconds max and we're gone."
"Why are we doing this?"
"Some people need to be taught a lesson."
 # # # # # # # #
Joe-Joe: Can you confirm that both ships and all crew are well?
 Galahad: Yes. We've been delayed in our return, that's all.
Joe-Joe: Angelion is claiming that both ships were destroyed in a huge explosion as you were leaving the planet. They say that the cause was likely gross disregard for safety on the part of Lieutenant Shields and yourself.
Galahad: This is not a secure line. 
Joe-Joe: How long will it take for you to get here?"
Galahad: Winnie will be there as soon as she can. It would be best if you did not communicate with us again.
....
"Take Guinevere to Heaven, Helm. Use impulse engines to take the 98 further from Angelion before going to warp."
"Have you found anything yet?" Winnie asked Galahad. 
"So far, we found one device on the warp drive that shouldn't be there. It looks like a miniature button. None of us have seen anything like it before. We're reluctant to fiddle with it. Here's a picture of it. Ask Joe-Joe if he knows what it is."
"Helm, as soon as you drop Guinevere at the space station, tell the commander what we're facing and inform him that I'm requesting that he send you back with some technical help. We'll continue on our current heading with our impulse engines." 
 # # # # # # # #
"It doesn't look like the blonde is coming. How much longer should we wait?"
"We can go now. There's no rush to do this, but it'll be easier if we get her before the campus becomes crowded."
"Should we follow her from the training center tomorrow night?"
"No. Some women sense it if men stalk them. We'd have to run to catch up and she'd hear us. Best if we wait in the park in the dark. She bound to go by it. It's the most direct way."
[Maureen had been invited to a team reunion party. She invited Maddy to go with her. That way, she could drop some hints to the team about the batgirl position. They didn't get home until 1 am and they arrived from an entirely different direction.] 
 # # # # # # # #
"Lillian, you need to see Winnie's tape. Did Joe-Joe go back to the 98 with the technicians?" This was Guinny reacting to Winnie's report. 
"No."
"Bring him along. Book a couple of hours. We'll need it."
[My readers already know what Winnie is going to show and tell Guinny, Lillian and Joe-Joe. Let's skip that.] 
 # # # # # # # #
"I see a lot that we have to talk about," Guinny opened up the discussion. "Winnie, what's your first priority?"
"Getting the ship and crew home safely. Joe-Joe said he's never seen this kind of device. We can't take a chance of removing it if we don't know what it is. It may not even be an explosive. There may be more of them."
"It's an explosive device," Joe-Joe reacted. "Angelion was expecting an explosion. We should talk with Harry. He may know what it is and how to defuse it."
"I'll do that," Lillian volunteered. "Winnie, now is a good time for you to meet a talking dolphin."
"Should I bring the tape?"
"Definitely."
 # # # # # # # #
Maureen and Maddy were on their way home after a long day of baseball. Maureen was exhausted after a ten hour day of self imposed baseball practice and wasn't in the mood to chat. She was barely mobile.
Maddy had showed up in Tucson in the afternoon and sat in the stands watching. To watch properly, she felt it was necessary to be in her practice clothes and cleats. She had even checked out some catcher gear from the equipment locker. Maureen saw her in the stands and called her onto the field. "Maddy, we need more catchers. Can you help?" It wasn't like this was planned or anything like that. 
With her late start, Maddy had more energy. Now, as they walked home, she had a rucksack of emergency angel gear secreted on her shoulder. It was only natural for her to scan the dark park as they approached. She had been ambushed in a park before, although she had been expecting that. [Happy Valentines Day, #25.] Tonight she wasn't expecting anything other than a soft bed. 
The explosion of bodies out of the bushes wasn't perfectly synchronized. The first hoody was out first and was quicker. Anybody running at her wearing a hoody in a very warm Tucson summer evening was going to catch Maddy's attention. Plus as they approached, she could see that the each of them was carrying a club of some kind. Her mind immediately clicked: cudgels need to be drawn back before they can be swung. 
As they closed the gap, she could see that both were running directly at Maureen. Again, automatic reflexes kicked in. She stepped in front of Maureen, calculated that the hoodie on the left would arrive first, he would plant himself to get a solid foundation, and then he would bring the cudgel back, whooops....make that a bat, into swinging position. Maddy attacked before he could set his feet. She stepped into his 'wheelhouse' before he could load up and broke his nose with her right fist. He went down hard.
The second assailant didn't have time to learn anything from his partner's experience. Maddy repeated the same attack and used her left fist to break his nose. This ambifistrous was solely because that was the way she had planted her feet. 
By this time, Maureen was trying to fumble something out of her sweat pants pocket. Maddy stopped her and grabbed her by both shoulders. 
"Maureen! Look at me! Get into the condo as quickly as you can and lock up completely. You'll be shaking soon from the adrenaline. Have a long bath. I'll take care of this. I'll turn these guys into the proper authorities and that will mean a lot of interviews. I won't be back to the condo tonight. Don't worry about me. These guys are out of action."
Maureen look at the two men lying on the ground, moaning. Maddy turned Maureen's shoulders towards the condo and pushed. Maureen ran, but under control. Maddy turned back to the first batter and drove a thumb into the nerve cluster in his neck. One nerve sent a message to his brain that it was time for a little nap. She did the same thing to the second guy and then flew invisibly behind Maureen until she had entered the condo building. 
As she was flying, Maddy messaged Karita. I could use some help. I'm in Tucson. 
 # # # # # # # #
The room was a sterile rectangular box. A simple meeting table sat in the middle of the box. A speaker nestled inside a white box sat at the end of the table. On one side of the table, a young angel sat in a comfortable chair. An older angel was standing at the door.
"It was good to hear your voice, Harry. I'll leave the two of you to talk now."
"You're leaving?" the young angel in the comfortable chair said in surprise.
"Yes," the older angel replied. "I have fish to fry back home."
"Hey, watch that," the dolphin said. "That could be my cousin twice removed."
"Just a metaphor, you big sardine."
"I know about metaphors. I would call you a feather pillow, but that would be unseemly. Greetings to Joe-Joe."
 ...
"Now, how can I help you, Guinevere?"
"I have some questions about interplanetary trade to start with."
"Harpoon away." [Mortals would say, 'Fire Away.' Dolphins have a different perspective on semi-violent metaphors.] 
"How difficult is it for planets to enter trade agreements?"
"It's very simple. The Cosmos bureaucracy provides various agreement templates. The two parties would pick the template they wanted and then fill in the blanks. At worst, it would take half an hour of your time. No lawyers needed. The Cosmos has tried to discourage the use of lawyers except when targets are needed for shooting practice."
"Are you joking?"
 "About the shooting practice, yes. About the general absence of lawyers in the Cosmos, no."
"Would the party trying to export goods encounter fees to use the port?"
"No." 
"How about a detailed description of each item being exported."
"No."
"Pre-payment of taxes?"
"No. The general rule is that trade between planets is encouraged. Anything that inhibits the trade is prohibited. Taxes might be applied when an inhabitant of a planet buys an imported item, but the planet exporting the goods is considered to be a very good friend. A planet wants that planet to off load its goods, leave quickly, and come back quickly with more goods. A general description of the cargo in the ship's hold is all that is necessary."
"I've heard of a reference of Heaven and/or Earth being Angelion's colony. I don't understand what that means."
"Back in Earth's history, countries like Great Britain, France, and Spain discovered new lands in North and South America. People from those countries emigrated to the Americas and started raising families. The home country provided its colony with military forces that would protect them from invasions and wars from their neighbors. In return, the colony shipped goods back to the homeland at very favorable rates. A colony was considered a possession that was very weak and powerless. The home country was there to take advantage of the colony, often with laws and taxes that were arbitrary. If you've heard that Heaven/Earth is Angelion's colony, it's a derogatory term meaning that they consider you next to useless."
"In the Cosmos, would a colony face obstacles in trying to trade with the home planet?"
"First of all, the Cosmos prohibits a colonial status for planets. If Heaven/Earth wanted to trade something to Angelion, that trade should be encouraged and no obstacles would be put in the way. Interplanetary trading would be a significant step forward for Earth because it means that the planet was approaching civilization status. Interplanetary trading requires spaceships. We've seen signs of Earth moving towards interplanetary travel. We've observed satellites for example. One country has a giant old boat floating in their outer atmosphere."
"Is it possible that a cargo could be deemed to be poisonous to the home planet and confiscated and burned?"
"That depends on the cargo. Is Heaven exporting old fashioned, gasoline guzzling cars?"
"No. How about cut flowers? It is remotely possible that some of those flowers might have had some pollen."
"Angelion's main exports to the Cosmos are agricultural products. They have vast stretches of their land under cultivation. No citizen of Angelion would be susceptible to pollen or spores of any kind. Are you ready to tell me what this is all about now?"
"I can't. As I understand it, you're an impartial mediator. I need guaranteed confidentiality for what I'm about to tell you."
"I can give you confidentiality by engaging you as my agent from time to time. To become my agent, you will have to answer questions under the truth ray. You then will be able to conduct formal investigations under the auspices of the Cops of the Cosmos. Other than reporting to your superiors, you must keep your investigation for me confidential too. When you report to me at the end of the investigation, we may act. We may not act. It will depend on what evidence you have discovered."
"My operations always involve a team approach. I can't exclude them. It would appear that I didn't trust them."
"You may involve your team as well."
"It would be like I was an undercover cop of the Cosmos?"
"Yes."
"I'll investigate for you and will answer questions under the truth ray."
"Truth ray on Guinevere. You appear to be too young to be an Angelion descendent in Heaven. First question: Have you heard about the prime directive?"
 # # # # # # # #
Maddy and Karita were sitting in the uppers tier of seats in the Wildcats' baseball stadium. It was the middle of the night so neither of them was concerned about being observed. Karita had asked Maddy to leave her alone with the goons while she hypnotized them. She said that she was concerned that the presence of another person might influence her ability to put both of them under, especially now that both were conscious. Maddy agreed and left the stands to kill some time. She killed it by working in the batting cage. Does this surprise you?
Karita wasn't concerned about being able to put each goon into a hypnotic state. A simple elbow to the temple would do that. She was concerned that Maddy might remember that Karita had put her into a hypnotic state with a similar elbow to the temple. [Queen Freya's Revenge, #28.] Karita was ready now to report on the hypnosis.
"The bigger of the two goons was in charge. He hired the other guy because of Maureen's size. Their job was to destroy Maureen's baseball career by taking out her two knees with baseball bats. This is known in their business as kneecapping. Goon #2 didn't know why they were doing that, but he was happy enough to take the job. $100 for one knee."
"Goon #1 was hired by some guy who calls himself Larry the Leopard. He is an aide to Leonardo Santos, Chair of the Board of Governors Arizona State University. Larry is the governor's top aide and contracts out the goon work. Larry didn't tell Goon #1 specifically why Maureen was going to lose her baseball career. Apparently, she had to be taught a lesson. Santos is heavily involved in the MescalMeth industry in Arizona." 
"What memories have you blocked?"
"I've blocked the memory of what you did to them, the memory of their conversation with me, the memory of who they were supposed to kneecap, and the memory of where they were supposed to do that." 
"But they will remember that they tried to kneecap a young woman."
"Yes. That's what you wanted."
"What about who they are? I don't want them coming back here." 
"They now believe that their parents named them Goon #1 and Goon #2. You've taken their IDs. That should keep them away from Arizona."
"They're unconscious right now?"
"Yes. They'll stay that way until you wake them with the code words you gave me."
 "Thanks. I'll take care of these guys now. I've seen that governor before. Reese said that his colors were very dark. I'll talk with Winnie about that."
"Do you need any help transporting them to justice?"
"Nah. This won't take me long. I'll be back in the castle soon."
 # # # # # # # #
It was morning in London when Goon #1 awoke to find his eyes blindfolded. He started to lift the blindfold when a female voice spoke softly. "Here's what it feels like to be kneecapped." He stopped lifting and began screaming. Fortunately, he was lying in an alley close to a London Hospital. The police found a baseball bat in the alley next to him. 
Goon #2 received the same treatment, but he was in Glasgow and a baseball bat was left there too. Glasgow and London police did put the two cases together, but that's as far as they could go. The two men had no ID and seemed reluctant to say anything to the police. Maddy's code words to wake each goon up? Welcome to kneecap justice.

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 15

"Captain Shields, I have a starship on long range sensors. It's on a course that will intercept us."
"Where is it coming from, Helm?"
"From Earth's solar system, Captain. It's too far away to read its silhouette."
"Keep an eye on it. Don't communicate. I'm going across to the 52 to talk to Captain Galahad."
[The 98 was towing the 52. The two ships were joined together at an airlock that allowed them to move crews back and forth with ease. Shields was taking her turn on the 98. They had found two potential explosive buttons on the warp drive but had left them in place. They were taking the impulse engine apart now. ]
 # # # # # # # #
"Captain Shields, I can pick up the silhouette of the incoming ship."
"Who does it belong to?"
"The Cops of the Cosmos, Captain." 
"We're being rescued, Helm. Let the 52 know."
 # # # # # # # #
"Captain Galahad, I'm seeing Morse Code flashes from the incoming ship. They're repeating the same message."
"Translation?"
"Heave to and prepare to be boarded. Joe-Joe."
"Follow the instructions, Helm. Then bring all of the crew of the 52 over here." 
 # # # # # # # #
Galahad, Shields, and Joe-Joe were meeting in the board room of the 98. 
Joe-Joe was speaking. "From the pictures that Winnie provided, Harry identified the device as a high explosive export from a planet that sells mining equipment with other planets. It is not an Angelion device."
"But they installed it in the 52," Shields said. 
"We may safely conclude that, but we must not make any accusations of this to Harry. The Cops are simply rescuing a ship that has lost its warp drive for unknown reasons."
"Sounds sneaky," Galahad observed. "Winnie arranged this, right?"
"Yes."
"By any chance, does somebody on that ship know how to disarm this device?"
"I have been told that all warp drive engines can benefit from regular washing with liquid nitrogen. I'm also told that a hazmat suit would be useful during the cleansing process," Joe-Joe said. "They have some liquid nitrogen if we need it." 
"We have enough of our own. I'll do the wash," Shields volunteered.
 # # # # # # # #
"What about the impulse engine?" Joe-Joe asked. 
"We've taken it apart and found nothing," Galahad reported. "We weren't expecting it to have an explosive device. If it had, we would have been blown up in Angelion's atmosphere."
"Does Harry suggest that we do any other inspections?"
"As a matter of general maintenance, Harry said that all electronic panels that provide vital functions should be opened and inspected. We're not looking for buttons. We're looking for cut wires."
"Harry is a very cautious dolphin."
"What about listening devices?"
"Winnie sent this flashlight to you. I was warned not to press any buttons. Apparently, you know how to use it."
"One of William's inventions," Shields explained.
"I don't know anything about a William."
 # # # # # # # #
"Are you coming back to Earth with us or with the Cops?" Galahad asked Joe-Joe.
"I'll return with Harry. We have some catching up to do."
"Catching up?"
"I'll spend the time with Harry playing pool."
"Dolphins can hold a cue stick?"
"No. For Harry, playing pool means he tries to drown me in his salt-water pool. I try to throw him out of the pool. If I win, he has to do dolphin tricks."
 "Tricks?"
"Like leaping out of the water, catching a sardine and eating it. Demeaning things like that."
"Do you ever win?"
"Dolphins are very slippery when they're wet."
"What happens when you lose?"
"I have to catch and eat the sardines. They're quite tasty if you have enough tequilas first."
"The two of you are playing a drinking game!"
"Whatever gave you that idea?"
 # # # # # # # #
In Toronto, it was time for the seven-month check-up.
"The baby is great. How are you feeling?"
"Fine. I'm sleeping well. I have good energy levels. I'm not too big yet, so I'm moving around fine."
"Good. See you in a month." 

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 16

It was a Sunday and Winnie was taking advantage of being in this part of the Cosmos to visit family in Montana. Maddy was with her. She had already told Winnie about the knee cappers, the information that Karita had pulled out of them, and what justice she had given them. Winnie had no problem with Maddy's justice and told her that. She had asked her if Maureen had been suspicious of how easily she had handled the goons, but Maddy had explained it by saying that she had attended a military school, which was entirely true.
While visiting with her parents was important, the real reason for this visit was Winnie's request to speak with the Board of Directors plus Mac and Melissa. Doc and Granny were off travelling somewhere exotic, so Hank and Yolanda represented the board.
"I have a potential operation for the Wilizy if you're interested," Winnie started.
"Personally, I'm very interested," Melissa was quick to answer. "It's time for William to pull his weight taking care of the kids. Would a two year operation be asking for too much?"
"Me too, on the two years," Mac added. "The kids are driving me crazy. I ask you, what's wrong with having school all year long. Has anybody given any thought to boarding schools?"
"How long you take is up to you. I know about this guy, but I can't take him on. I'm way too busy. He's a bad one. I ran across him when I was in Arizona with Maddy."
"The Wilizy have nothing on the go right now, Winnie. Why don't you brief us and we'll see."
"Thanks, Dad. The guy's name is Leonardo Santos. He is the Chair of the Board of Governors of Arizona State University, which gives him a huge influence in Tempe. He's heavily involved in the drug business in Arizona, primarily MescalMeth."
"I'm not familiar with that, Winnie."
"Neither am I, Dad. I know that it's hugely addictive. Arizona State University has a terrible reputation of being a party school. I suspect that this guy is the reason for that. Reese did a color reading and he said that Santos had very dark colors."
"Why was Reese involved? I thought he was very busy in London."
"He is, Mom. You've probably heard of Maureen, Maddy's coach, when she was in Arizona. Maureen wanted to transfer schools to the University of Arizona this summer. Santos refused to give her permission. Maureen made a second request and this time the two other governors agreed that she could transfer. Santos again voted against her. He had no reason to be so nasty. Maddy and I were at the Board of Governors' meeting to give Maureen moral support. I asked Reese to come too because Santos' opposition to a simple request for a transfer didn't make sense. That led eventually to us finding about his links to the MescalMeth industry. If he hadn't been such a jerk, we'd never have learned about him."
"What do you want us to do?" Melissa asked.
"I think the Wilizy should put him out of business. Without his influence, young people in Arizona might not be spending all their parents' university money on drugs."
"Any ideas on our approach?" Mac asked.
"I haven't had time to even think about it. I have a special request that may limit how you plan. As you know, Maddy has been working closely with Maureen this summer. Maureen has been living in my apartment with Maddy because she didn't have a place to stay in Tucson and she didn't have any money. I've been out of town so we had the empty bedroom. This arrangement worked out very well for her because, a few days ago, Maureen was attacked by two goons who were out to destroy her knees along with her baseball career. Maddy prevented that from happening and then took the two guys to the police. Maddy and I have no doubt that Santos ordered that assault."
"Santos did that because she was allowed to change universities?" Yolanda was incredulous at that idea. 
"Yes. The goons' confessions confirmed that. So, your plan has to ensure that Santos doesn't come after Maureen again. In a week, Maureen will be living in residence at the university. She'll be much harder to get at, but another assault won't be impossible. Maureen was fortunate that Maddy was walking home with her. She may not be so fortunate if there's a next time. Maureen knows nothing about the origins of the attack and what I'm telling you. I didn't think she should be living in fear. Maddy is willing to help you in your operation. She has many reasons to help Maureen."
"I'm sure we can use you, Maddy," Mac said. 
"I'll be able to watch Maureen when the team is practicing. I got the job as the team's batgirl, so I'll be with her most afternoons and evenings. I'll use my sling to guard her when she's walking to her residence."
"We'll make the operation go as quickly as we can," Melissa said. "We'll have to research Santos plus the whole drug industry in Arizona."
"We need to celebrate Maddy's new job," Mac announced. "Special dessert for supper tonight."
"Do you like being a batty girl," Yolanda asked. "What do you do?" 
"When we're on road trips, my job will be to make sure that the players aren't caught having their sex orgies. I'm allowed to peek. It'll be educational."
...
"Whoever is giving Maddy that sense of humor needs to stop it, Winnie."
"Mac, that's unfair. I'm not the one that wrote the job description."
Way to get me in trouble, Maddy.
It's not my fault. I'm 14 and I'm in my impressionable years. All that sex you're having in the castle is rotting my brain.
Galahad and I hadn't seen each other for a month!
Nice role modeling, sex fiend.
You weren't even there.
I didn't need to be. How often do you check your drone bag?
You're lying. I can see your face.
Had you going though. Got'cha.

 Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 17

Winnie and Galahad were visiting K-Lit and Commodore Ritchit in mid August. They had travelled to the limits of Angelion's sensors with the 98's warp drive and then snuck into a hiding place near the clinic where they could land the invisible lifeboat. Now, Galahad was showing the commodore how to set up and operate the portable blood analysis lab that Heaven's medical scientists had created. K-Lit's staff had built a new structure that looked like it was a care building, but it was actually Ritchit's work place. The set up procedures for the lab were somewhat complicated, so the men will be busy for a while. We shall leave them in peace to play with their whatchamacallits. 
"I see that Ritchit survived the withdrawal pains," Winnie said.
"I knew he was in pain, but he never showed it. It was like he had refused to admit that he was in pain, at least when I was there."
"I expect that he was like that when you weren't there as well. It's the military way of handling stresses. Stress and pain don't exist so why would I be bothered? Galahad does the same thing, but from time to time, he has to vent. He does it where nobody can see or hear him. Showing emotion like that would be considered shameful behavior."
"But you know about it?"
"Yes, we are a couple. We share everything including the venting. I vent with him too."
"We have no couples here. A few of the women share feelings among themselves. Many women become depressed and suicidal after the birth. I do what I can for them, but I'm a surgeon. I haven't been trained for that. I don't know whether the Angelion males share."
"All of that is a result of the curse. Perhaps life in Angelion will change after we find the solution. Have I explained the medical instructions clearly enough?"
"Yes. One injection twice daily for three days before the anticipated onset of the symptoms. During the three days of the curse, one injection daily."
"The scientists have chosen a heavy dosage for this trial. It might be reduced later."
"This is potential solution #1?"
"Yes. The sample has to have at least thirty subjects."
"I can satisfy that easily each month."
"We'll be back in a month. Does the commodore have enough to do?"
"He has taken over my calendar and is scheduling me and the clinic's professional staff so that we can see more people daily. We have a briefing each morning and he wants staff to tell him if the schedule is too difficult to meet or if they have any concerns. I don't have to worry about schedules any more, or handle staff complaints. All of my time is now with patients."
"So the staff know about him being here?"
"That was never going to be a secret, especially with us sharing a cottage when he was coming off the meds."
"Why is he still in the cottage? I thought that he was out of harm's way now." 
"We're simply being prudent. Side effects can come back."
"Nobody will spill the beans?"
"Our food prep staff are always careful when dishing out food. Why did you change the subject?"
 "My bad. Spilling beans is an earthly metaphor. I meant to ask if any of your staff might tell outsiders that the commodore is here."
 "He never interacts with patients because his odor could be damaging to their progress. So, they won't know that he's here. The staff treat Commodore Ritchit like a national hero. They're sort of saluting him now whenever they see him. This wasn't anything he asked for. He just... he just is the kind of angel that people salute with a wave or a nod. We're used to hating men."
"Is he happy here?"
"I think so. Do you salute Galahad?"
"No. Technically, I'm his boss, so he would be saluting me in some fashion. But, when we're alone, we are equal."
"What's it like living with a man as equals, Winnie? Am I supposed to talk with him?"
# # # # # # # #
"I have to do something about the new woman on my staff, Stook." This was Sheila speaking and they were having a quiet dinner together and sharing thoughts that they might not share if staff were around. Changes in personnel was one topic that came up from time to time when the governor's cook/serving person was off duty. 
"Which woman is this?"
"Zelda. She was Francine's replacement when she was injured in that freak accident."
"I remember the accident. She was lucky that she wasn't killed. Zelda isn't fitting in?"
"The day after I hired her, she visited Francine and took her flowers. She's visiting Francine weekly now and trying to help her recover from the trauma of a tree falling on her when she was out for a walk."
"And that's a horrible thing for her to do?"
"She's handling my calendar completely now, including complaints that would normally come to me. I don't have to deal with those any more. She finds a solution that will work for both parties. It takes a lot of diplomacy. I have some strong-minded people that report to me."
"What a witch! How are her interactions with you?"
"We meet early in the morning so that she knows my daily schedule and can adjust it if emergencies come up. She also asks about your schedule."
"Why?"
"If we're going to be in the same place at the same time, she wants to give me more time with you. We hardly ever see each other, Stook."
"We have our evenings together. Are you feeling lonely?"
"No, it's not that. We do not have times where we are together publicly. Zelda is trying to arrange it so that we can share more of our public time together. She's thinking about us. She's trying to solve a problem for us, even though that problem doesn't exist. We don't need public time together."
"We could hang her from the yard arm."
"What's a yard arm?"
"I don't know. It's a nautical term."
"We're not using Zelda properly. She is a very empathetic person. People open up to her. She's very caring towards them."
"What do you have in mind?"
"You know how we are beginning to get more non-whites into the state now."
"Yes, families are coming to Colorado for jobs."
"We may never change the attitudes of our adult whites about non-whites. But, we can make sure that those attitudes aren't passed on to their children. Some schools are reporting tensions between whites and non-white students. Nobody knows how to defuse those tensions. I think Zelda could defuse them."
"And in the process, show the school staffs what to do." 
"Exactly."
"What's your plan?"
"Check with Zelda first, offer her the job, reassign her to the Ministry of Education, and create a state wide position for her."
"Salary bump?"
"Of course. She'll do a lot of traveling and she has to be compensated for that. She won't have much of a family life, but I don't believe she has anybody in her life right now. We need to set up a vehicle for the schools to report incidents to her. She'll need some authority to ensure that she can talk personally with the students."
"All of that can be done by the Minister. Tell him what I want him to do." 
"I need a position title."
"Something about counseling?"
"That'll work."
# # # # # # # #
Melissa and Mac were meeting in Mac's house after Jock and Emily were in bed. They had invited Winnie to come but she was away. Maddy was there instead. 
"That's our basic approach to the operation," Melissa said. "What would Winnie think?"
"I can't say," Maddy replied. "But I can tell her about it. I think that she'll be back in Tucson in two days."
"We need to get Santos' attention right away if we're going to warn him off Maureen. We were thinking we could use what you did to the two goons as a starting point. As far as Santos is concerned, what does he know about those two guys?"
"They disappeared and he'll be unable to find them."
"That's good. It'll be a little mystery for him," Melissa said.
"They won't reappear in the middle of the operation, will they?" Mac asked.
"No."
"How do you know that?" Mac persisted.
"They're on a different continent and they have no way to return home."
"Do you have any of their possessions that Santos would recognize?" Melissa again. 
"I can get their ID." 
"Good. Now, we need something gruesome to show Santos."
"I can give you gruesome," Maddy said. 
"TG has drones in all the places that Santos has been since we started trailing him. He's been sticking close to Tempe, so we probably have more to discover. At least we know where he lives."
"I can help with drones if that helps," Maddy offered.
# # # # # # # #
"What do you mean that you can't spy any more?"
"Sheila transferred me to another job."
"You're on a first name basis with her?"
"Yes, I was. I knew both of their schedules."
"Why didn't you call in the assassin?"
"They were never together in a public setting. I was trying to build in some joint public meetings, but they didn't want those."
"You should have refused the new job."
"She was very insistent. It included a promotion, more pay, and more responsibility. No mortal would turn that down. I'd be under immediate suspicion."
"Will you be based in Denver in your new job?"
"Yes."
"And will you have regular meetings with the wife?"
"Yes."
"We'll assassinate just her. The governor won't be the same after that. Let me know when you are going to meet with her next and I will schedule an assassin."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 18

Winnie was back from Angelion and her first meeting was with Doc and Granny. Both were unhappy. 
"I've finished the plans for the Hockey dimension that we've talked about. Engineers have converted my plans to blueprints. From a planning perspective, I'm ready to go. But I can't go any further."
"Why not?"
"Heaven does not have the materials to construct the big building I want. And even if we could construct the building, no angels would be able to use it. They would need skates. Those skates would have to be custom built to fit an angel's foot. Heaven has no materials to build those skates."
"You're in the same situation, Granny?"
"Yes, exactly the same, except that I need to make customized basketball shoes. Why is Heaven so poor, Winnie?"
"That's a long story."
[You may now assume that Winnie is telling them how Heaven has no manufacturing capabilities nor does it have money to buy such things.] 
 # # # # # # # #
"I'm up to date on my school courses and Shields says that I can miss some weeks of martial arts."
"You want to work with Melissa and Mac full time. Will they agree?"
"I think so. I've offered to help out placing some drones. I can do it so much quicker than TG because I can get inside buildings in my demon body. Plus, I can keep an eye on Maureen better than anybody else."
 "What did you think about Melissa's plan to hit Santos hard?" Winnie asked.
"I like it. At the very least, we'll find out who's in his organization and where they are. Maureen will still be at risk though even if she's living on campus. What do you think of her plan?"
"I like it. You can learn a lot from Melissa."
"She's very sneaky. Santos won't know what hit him."
"The Nemeses may still need you. How did their operation go without Kashmira last week?"
 "I thought it went well. Karita recorded their confessions. Granny killed them painlessly and then she buried the bodies in a dogwood tree orchard. She told me that we used to have a group called the Raging Grannies that took care of perverts. The new system of putting multiple perverts on trial on the same day went well. Doc said that Keely was impressed and will give us new targets when we have time to deal with them."
"So, make sure you're available if they need you. You're the only warrior they have. Pervert pick up and transport will be the Nemeses' vulnerability. Otherwise, go full time with Melissa. Learn as much as you can. Volunteer a lot."
 # # # # # # # #
"How long has it been since Heaven added new buildings?" Winnie was meeting with Guinny. Granny was there too with three plates of chocolate goodies.
"All of the buildings you see were built when Heaven was established. This construction was Angelion's responsibility as the home planet. They built way more buildings than we needed back then. We've been filling them up ever since. About thirty years ago, Heaven asked Angelion to construct more building. They told us to use the buildings we have more efficiently."
"We have engineers that could construct them, right?"
"Yes. Lack of building materials are what's holding us back. Heaven has no mineral deposits of any kind. Somebody did a study decades ago about mining the back of the moon. That idea was roundly panned. We looked at secretly acquiring minerals from Earth but we wouldn't be able to disguise where it was going. Plus what mineral deposits Earth has are well known. We can't go down there and cart them away."
"So the only way we can acquire building materials is by trading?"
"Looks that way. That's how Angelion received the building materials that they gave us. They traded for them. They're an agrarian planet. They don't have any mining industry."
"And materials to build customized hockey skates and basketball shoes?"
"That would be far down our wish list. We need more buildings first."
"We won't get them by trading cut flowers."
"You can't ship the flowers to their destination quickly enough and there's always the risk that your trading partner will steal your idea."
"This sucks."
"What is this dessert, Granny?" Guinny asked.
"It's called Sex in a Pan.
"Do you have anything called Sex in a Ice Cream Scoop?" Guinny asked.
"Give me a break!"
"I've never heard of that," Granny confessed.
"Back to business. Shields want to join my crew permanently. She said that she made it to captain rank, which was her goal. She doesn't want to be a starship bus driver if and when we have our space ships operating on trade routes. She likes doing undercover operations to Angelion though. I haven't mentioned this to Galahad yet."
"What else would she do for you?"
"She's very smart, she's sneaky and she's lethal. Having her on an operation would give us really high security."
"Maddy can't do that yet?"
"No. In time she will."
"And what will Shields do when you aren't on operations?"
"I could put her in charge of our flower industry. She's had some good ideas."
"Have Shields talk directly to Galahad and ask him if he would agree to putting her on the military reserves. She would keep her rank and could serve in the space force if Galahad ever needed her." 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 19

"Governor Santos, this package for you was delivered this morning from the university's mail room. It's marked Confidential."
"Thanks, Tracy. Just put it on the floor by the door."
 ...
Santos forgot about the package until he left his office to go for lunch. He brought it back to his desk. It was a relatively big box, but light. Addressed to him personally just as his girl had said. Big CONFIDENTIAL sticker on the top. No return address. Heavily taped. He needed a pair of scissors to cut through it all. 
Even when the box was open, Santos had to wade through a lot of packing materials to see the contents. Two gruesome looking skulls were looking up at him from the bottom of the carton. 
 # # # # # # # #
Larry the Leopard was looking at the two skulls that were still in the bottom of the box. Larry was Santos' top aide and fixer. As a fixer, he made problems disappear. His real name was Larry Leopardicky. For reasons you may appreciate, he didn't use his surname very often. Schoolmates can be so cruel.
"These were in the box too." Santos pointed at his desktop. "I assume that you know something about this." 
"These are the IDs of the two goons that I hired to take care of the baseball player who needed to have a lesson."
"And the skulls?"
Leopard reached in and pulled both out. "Somebody took a blow torch to these skulls. Flesh and hair have been burned off. All that's left is the charred bone."
"Were they tortured before they died?"
"Perhaps. Or burned after death."
"Did they know anything?"
"No. They could they have lost their IDs and some stranger might have picked them up."
 "Unlikely. This picture was in the packing."
"Maureen McReady."
"Read the back."
"GO AFTER HER AGAIN AND I'LL DETONATE THE BOMB," Larry read.
"What bomb?"
"The bomb you have to find."
 # # # # # # # #
Larry the Leopard was very diligent in his search for the bomb. He started with Santos' house in the Paradise Valley suburb of Phoenix. Then he searched a discrete apartment in Tucson where he found a lot of frilly feminine underwear but no bomb. Next was Santos' mountain retreat in Flagstaff, again stocked with frilly underwear. 
The most extensive part of Larry's search was saved for the largest lodge in Punkin Center. The public part of the lodge was still empty, it being August and university students were not yet back from summer holidays. The non-public part of the lodge was humming along nicely. In his diligence, Larry asked staff about strangers who might have been hanging around. The same staff showed Larry where a bomb would have devastating consequences. 
As diligent as Larry was, he wasn't as busy as Maddy who was following him everywhere, listening to conversations, installing her drones, and making notes of the best places to hide a bomb. 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 20

Early September: 
"Are you putting me under the truth ray, Harry? May I call you Harry?"
"No, I'm not putting you under the truth ray and yes, you can call be Harry. I'm meeting with you in your capacity as my secret agent. What is the latest in the communications between Heaven and Angelion?"
"After Angelion informed us of the destruction of both of our ship in early August, Heaven replied with a request to acquire two other space ships and suggested that we'd be content with two of their older ships. Angelion replied that since we had destroyed both the Angelion.52 and the Angelion.98, that meant that our entire space personnel were also destroyed. There was no point of giving us ships if we had no crews. Plus, they said that they couldn't entrust even their old ships to our military. We had displayed incompetence right from the very beginning of our space program."
"You explained to me that they had created that picture with false war game results. Is that still true? Is it possible that somebody in your own space program lied to you?"
"Truth ray on Guinevere. That information is true. I saw some of it personally. Truth ray off Guinevere."
"Have they pursued their threat to cancel all of the Angelion - Heaven agreements?"
"No. They were using that treat to coerce us into giving them the technical improvements they thought we had made to the 52. We didn't expect them to go through with the threat since they themselves had blown up whatever technical improvements we might have made in the 52. They have,, however, sent us a bill for reparations."
"Reparations?"
"Through our incompetence, we destroyed two of their ships. They are denying that Commodore Ritchit signed an agreement giving those ships to us. We can't produce Commodore Ritchit as a witness yet."
"Will he speak, inevitably?"
"Yes, he'll confirm that we own the ship once we have a cure for the Angelion curse. We're stalling until we have the cure. Last week, we sent them a complaint that as part of their agreement to be our host planet, they were responsible for increasing Heaven's building infrastructure. They have provided no support of any kind in that regard since Heaven was created. We are demanding that they give us raw building materials that we can use to create more buildings and other equipment, like chairs that are built for angels."
"That may be why they've asked for an informal meeting with me."
"Informal meeting meaning they can lie?"
"Yes. Have you made progress on determining why Angelion is refusing to help you cure the genetic disease?"
"No. I haven't started my investigations. I don't want to risk getting caught and being forced to abandon the research on the Angelion Curse. That's my first priority."
"Anything positive on that yet?"
"No. Our first set of treatments was not successful. I'll smuggle in our second set of treatments next week." 
 # # # # # # # #
The Wilizy executive was meeting with Melissa, Mac, and Maddy. Doc and Granny had taken a break from their traveling, so the full executive was there.
"We're struggling to review all of the information we are receiving from Maddy's drones. We've added some of the youngsters to the analysis teams and that will help."
"Too many drones?" Maddy asked.
"No. We're receiving lots of information on Santos, but none of what we're seeing in the data dumps could be proven in a court. We want to go at him with the biggest charges that we can substantiate in a court of law. The inherent support of the Governor of Arizona in the meth labs is something that we can't hint at. If we disclose it, we have to prove it. That would means we'd have to break into some banking records. That would be risky." 
"Doc and I can help with the data dumps."
 "Thanks, Granny. We still don't have any evidence that those rooms in the lodges are drug related, nor do we know that Santos knows how they're being used. We should have some data on that once the students are all back in class."
"Larry the Leopard never found any bombs. Could Santos think that the skulls were a bluff and go after Maureen?" Maddy added her concerns. 
"We should give him a bomb in a place that Larry didn't look." Granny had the good idea.
"Any ideas, Maddy?"
"Let me think."
...
"We should put the bomb inside the toilet tank in his Phoenix home. He didn't look inside any toilet tanks."
"I'll ask Wolf for a bomb. Maddy, you can hide it. We'll need an accident that will reveal it."
"I'll take care of that too, Mom." Maddy volunteered. 

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 21

Winnie's early morning meetings with Guinny were now scheduled for only one meeting a week because everything that she was doing was proceeding in slow motion. As usual, Granny was there too. The number of goodies on the individual plates that she handed out was increasing. 
"Angelion's curse research?" Guinny asked.
"We're now on the second possible cure. No problems sneaking in and out. Commodore Ritchit is running the clinic like a well-oiled military organization. He's still living in the same cabin as K-Lit. Something interesting might be happening there."
"Romance is in the air?"
"Not romance. That's a foreign concept for them. More like friendship? Think of them as roommates. K-Lit had asked me if angels were expected to talk with a roommate. I said that she was. This last visit, Ritchit asked me if he was expected to answer K-Lit's questions. I said that he was and the answer should be more than one word long. Each of them mentioned to me how much they admired the other."
"Why did Angelion want to meet with Harry?"
"To complain about our incessant demands on their resources. We destroyed two of their ships. Now, we're asking for building supplies. When will it end? Harry thinks that they're setting the stage for a dissolution of our agreement."
"They had already tried to dissolve it."
"Yeah. Unfortunately, we died when we blew ourselves up by speeding in a playground zone. If they can come up with one more aggravation, I think they'll push ahead with a formal request. What would Heaven's position be on that?"
"I put the question to the senior angles. Our position is that we will welcome the dissolution because Angelion has been such a poor home planet. But, we would agree only if Heaven is given the status of a planet within the Cosmos. I don't see how the Cosmos can do that. We aren't an actual planet. We're an entity that is hidden in a dimension surrounding a pre-civilization planet. We need to be able to trade with other planets to survive but we don't have a space port."
"I'll ask Harry about that informally."
"Ask him also for his informal take on the merits of Angelion's accusation. This is a big step for us. We can't continue to live off Earth's second hand stores."
"We could use trade to bring in resources," Winnie suggested.
"Cut flowers won't do it."
"What's our position on the cure for the Angelion curse? We're doing the study without any charges. Do we extend that free study to providing them with the cure?"
"What's your recommendation?"
"I don't think we should make money off other people's misfortunes."
"I agree. So, interplanetary trade won't be a solution for us."
"This is very depressing," Winnie groused.
"Have another piece of fudge," Granny suggested. "That always works for me."
"I'll have to increase my long distance flying soon," Winnie admitted. "I'm putting on weight. I find it hard to say no to a piece of fudge. Yum."
"I'll take a piece too, Granny. How's Maddy and her martial arts training? Is she ready to take on a devil yet?"
"Shields thinks highly enough of her that she gave her some time off so that she could help out with the Wilizy's operation in Arizona."
"Did Galahad put her on the reserves?"
"Yeah. Now all I have to do is talk with her about what she wants to do next."
 # # # # # # # #
Fast-forward a couple of days. The Wilizy directors and the three M's (Melissa, Mac, and Maddy) were meeting in Granny and Doc's house. Everybody had something to share from what they and their helpers had discovered from Maddy's drones. They're onto a new topic now. Maddy is reporting. 
"A pipe burst in Santos' bathroom that led to a flood which led to the discovery of a bomb in the toilet tank. Maureen is safe for now. Santos freaked out when he saw how close he had come to being a bloody smudge on a shower curtain. Larry has been busy revisiting all the toilets in Santos' world."
Mac came next. "We now have ample evidence that all of the rooms in the lodges in Punkin Center are there for Arizona State University students to drug up. We have pictures of the students passed out, and we have pictures of the staff in lodges distributing the drugs. We also have pictures of those staff receiving their supplies from the basement of Santos' lodge. Distributors from the other lodges receive their supplies from that same basement. Some form of accounting takes place when the drugs are sold to the other lodges. It's difficult to know exactly what they're doing financially."
Melissa took over. "We don't have forensic evidence on this yet but we have heard the people in the basement making the drugs discuss how their equipment had been purchased by Arizona State University for their science labs." 
Granny now. "Santos' frilly feminine underwear in his Tucson apartment is shared by a number of different women that Larry the Leopard brings to the apartment. Larry has them in blindfolds before they step out of the copter and they return to the copter the same way. The women are of age and appear to be willing. I'd guess that they are university women and they are trading sex for drugs. Larry slips something into their hand when they put on their nightwear. I couldn't say for sure that it's MescalMeth, but Mac said that it's in the same type of packaging as they use in the labs." 
Doc added to the picture. "Larry also supplies women to Santos' mountain retreat in Flagstaff, but Santos is not the beneficiary of Larry's procurement. Again, the women are in blindfolds, they are university age, and they also are paid in small packages. One of the men using the retreat is Mitch Caruso, the Governor of Arizona. I found a picture of him online. I could not identify the second man. I do have a picture of him and will continue to try and determine his identity."
"Are we outraged enough yet?" Granny asked. 
It turns out they were. Operation Godfather would begin in five days. Those days would be used to brief their foreign cast members. 
 # # # # # # # #
In case you haven't had your full dose of evil for the day, Zelda tried to explain to her devilian supervisor that she couldn't say when Sheila could be assassinated because she was out of Denver so much. When she was in Denver, getting a few moments alone with Sheila was hit and miss. There was no time to call in the assassin. 
That led to a change in her occupational designation. Zelda's tenure as a spy was now terminated. From now on, she would be an assassin. As to her weapon of choice, Zelda chose poison, as administered by a syringe. 
 # # # # # # # #
We're at the Toronto Children's Hospital. It's the eight-month check-up. 
"The baby is fine," Angela said. 
"You were doing a lot of work with that blood pressure cuff," Lucas observed. 
"Yes, I was. Lylah, your blood pressure is a little high compared to what it has been. I notice that your feet are swollen. Have you been spending a lot of time standing?"
"No, not really."
"How often do you just sit and rest?"
"I don't feel the need to. I have lots of energy and I can still move around."
"Do you puts a lot of salt on your food?"
"No."
"Junk food?"
"Never."
"I want you to lie down three or four times a day for half an hour. Elevate your feet. Relax. Think about pleasant experiences." 
"Is this a problem?" Lucas asked.
"It's probably nothing to worry about. Higher blood pressure than normal is common in many, many pregnancies. Let's be careful. I want to see you again in two weeks."

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 22

Santos woke. He was awake enough to realize that he wasn't in his bed, which is where he should have been. He couldn't move. Well, some of him couldn't move. He realized that he was sitting in something that felt like a chair. His hands were bound to the arm of that chair. His feet were bound too. He tried pulling on the restraints.
"Stop that," a voice said. When he didn't, he felt a smack across the back of his head. His head jerked forward in reaction. He felt a covering of some kind over his eyes. Over his head too. He stuck his tongue out and licked the outside of his lips. He could turn his head left and right, up and down. 
 "Where am I?" he asked. He could hear his voice. He realized that he was cold. "I'm cold," he said. 
"Tell somebody who cares," the same voice said. Feminine. Sitting to his left. 
"Why are you doing this?"
"You should never have gone after Maureen."
Then he felt the prick of a needle in his left arm.
 # # # # # # # #
When Santos woke again, he realized that his head had slumped forward onto his chest. He raised it. His neck hurt. He was in a different kind of chair. Still restrained by hands and feet. Still blind. Still cold. He was riding on something that was going over an uneven surface. He could hear a putt-putt sound. 
"Release me or you'll regret it."
"Maggot," the same feminine voice said and he felt a smack on the back of his head again. "You have an hour before you die. Try and enjoy a pain-free life while you can." 
The machine he was on stopped. The putt-putt sound diminished. He felt the vehicle rise up as the driver stepped out. He heard the sound of something opening. A door? The driver returned, rolled the machine forward a bit, and got out again. She closed the door behind them. He felt the driver loosen his head covering and pull it off. "I'll let you see your temporary home away from home."
She was blonde, young, and a little short. She looked like she could handle herself. She got into the vehicle, which was an old-fashioned putt-putt machine. It rolled forward. He was in a tunnel of some kind. The floor was uneven with rocks that had fallen out of the walls and ceiling? Dim bulbs were in the ceiling. A bulb would come on as the putt-putt approached. After they had passed it, the light would turn off. Another one in front of them would turn on. The lights were bright enough to see by. 
His hands were fastened together by leather restraints. He was wearing a pink bra. Even worse, he was wearing pick panties that were far too tight and constraining to be comfortable. He recognized them. They were from his Tucson apartment. Somebody would have had to work hard to put them on him. To be brutally honest, he didn't fit into the panties all that well. 
The putt-putt stopped and the blonde got out. A type of cell was built into the wall. The back side of the cell was rough rocks from the tunnel. The sides of the cell had vertical iron rods stuck into the rocky ceiling and floor. Horizontal bars were also a feature. The spaces between the bars were narrow. He saw an iron door that would complete the cell. It was wide open and fastened to the nearby iron wall. 
The cell was open space in a natural alcove of the tunnel. No bed, no stool, no toilet. Simply an empty cell with two manacles hanging from a chain fastened to the rock wall. The chain and the bars had been here for centuries. The manacles looked reasonably new. 
"Get out of the putt-putt," the blonde said. "Do as you're told and I won't hurt you much."
She led him to the back of the cell and turned him so that he was facing towards the putt-putt. The chain holding the manacles reached his waist. She put his wrists in the manacles. Then she fastened a dog collar of some kind around his neck. She pulled an electronic wand out of the putt-putt's storage bin, pointed its at Santos, and depressed a button for a second. Santos' body jerked up. "Do you pray?" she asked.
Santos shook his head negatively. 
"Prayers wouldn't do you any good anyway. You should have stayed away from his great niece. It will go faster if you're honest."
With that, she sat in the putt-putt and continued down the tunnel alone. 
 # # # # # # # #
Santos could hear the sound of the putt-putt before it appeared. The blonde was driving. An elderly man was sitting in the passenger seat. She helped him out of the cart and held his arm as he took some hesitant steps. He wore black dress pants, an ivory white dress shirt, and a purple cravat the matched the purple beret on his head. She gave him the wand and he put it in his shirt pocket. 
"I will come back in an hour to dispose of the body," she said.
"I don't think he's strong enough to last that long," the man said. "Make it twenty minutes."
"Thank you for doing this, Don Giovanni," she said. 
"Sweet thing," he said and caressed her cheek with his right hand. 
She grabbed that hand and kissed the honking big purple ring on the fourth finger. "I don't want to ever have to worry about Maureen again."
"You won't. A man that dies in his pink bra and panties will be ridiculed forever."
She walked down the tunnel and her footsteps faded away. Don Giovanni got in the putt-putt and positioned it so that he was facing the pink-pantified man. "Let's see if this wand works," he said. 
Santos jerked like a sentient wooden puppet would if it had just seen a roaring chain saw approaching. 
"Yup, it works. That was a pain zap of one on a scale of ten. Why did you ignore my warning? Were the two scorched skulls of your goons not clear enough? Was the bomb in your toilet not a clear enough message to stay away from my grandniece?"
"I didn't do anything to her after I received your message."
"Why then did your man stalk her again? We had 24-hour surveillance on her. My people saw him."
"What man? What man? What man?"
"Larry the Leopard. What strange names you Yanks have."
"I never ordered him to do that."
"Why do you wear women's pink underwear? Are you, ... you know?"
"No, I'm not. My mistresses wear them."
"The ones who are paid with your meth? Larry told my people about you. How you dress up as a prostitute. How the women you entertain have to be drugged senseless before they'll agree to go to your Tucson apartment. You give organized crime a bad name."
"Larry lied. Yes, the women receive drugs in payment, but they come willingly. They wear the pink panties and bra. I'm not a pervert."
"But, you do make meth and sell it to university students?"
"Yes."
...
"How much net profit would you make in an average week?"

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 23

Henrik and Santos were sitting in the old dormitory where the women employees had been confined to the basement years ago. Only one bed was there now along with a table with two chairs and an invisible drone.
Santos had been relieved of his pinkedness. He was wearing one of the old nun habits that the women analysts had worn when they emerged into the streets for their outings. His neck was bare. 
"You have two choices," Henrik quantified his remarks. "I don't have any businesses in Arizona. I feel like expanding. Your first choice is to convince me that I can make money by investing in your business and opening new markets for the two of us. I will take 30% of your incoming revenue. You will have the rest. Your second choice is to return to the cell and die in your pink underwear. I will then take 100% of your business and put your leopard man in charge." 
"I choose option #1."
"I thought you would. Before I invest, I must know how solid your business is and whether it has room for growth. You will answer my questions honestly. If I invest in you, and find out later that you lied, you will experience option #2."
There was a knock on door.
"Enter," Henrik said.
Eleanor poked her face into the room. "Please pardon the interruption, Don Giovanni. Our shipments to the subsidiaries in Europe are ready to go. I need your approval."
"Very well. Bring in the shipments so that I can count them."
Eleanor opened the door wide and a muscular young man with a big chest pushed a flat bed dolly into the room. It was covered with stacks of gold bars.
"Vienna, three bricks," Eleanor said and waited. 
"Approved," Don Giovanni approved.
That was followed by the approval of four bricks for Berlin, two bricks for Rome, three bricks for London, one brick for Marseilles, two bricks for Paris, two bricks for Brussels, and five bricks for Vienna. [Only the top brick in each stack was real. I will remind you that Eleanor ran one of Switzerland's most profitable banks.]
"Eleanor is my most trusted employee," Don Giovanni explained. "She controls what goes in and out of my vault. Today she is shipping gold to my businesses in Europe. Tomorrow, she'll do Asia. "Eleanor, can I afford an investment of $500,000 in Arizona."
"Yes, Don Giovanni. I can take that out of petty cash." 
"Lucas, turn on the light when you leave. I find it a little dark in here. [That was the signal for Lucas to activate the invisible drone aimed at Santos' face. Don Giovanni's beret was also in the shot.] 
 # # # # # # # #
Don Giovanni had a lot of questions. Leonardo Santos had a lot of answers. Within an hour, anybody viewing the feed from the drone would know everything that you, my readers, already know. 
Here's what you don't know yet.
"I will need to see your complete set of company books," Don Giovanni instructed. 
"I can give you access to them. They are kept by the Arizona State University's Comptroller, Horatio Portabello. He's in charge of the university's financial accounts and that makes it easy for him to use government funds to purchase chemicals and equipment for my MescalMeth lab in a remote community called Punkin Center. On paper, they're intended for university science labs but nobody knows that they've even been ordered let alone delivered to my lab."
"He does this out of the goodness of his heart?"
"Of course not. I pay him the same salary as the university does, so he has become a very wealthy man. I benefit because my books are professionally done and include all the revenue, expenses, lists of employees and part-time workers and their salaries, and more."
"Do you also pay him with product?"
"No. Drug addicts make terrible employees. Horatio likes young women. First year university women mostly. He shares my mountain retreat in Flagstaff with another of my sponsors. It's very remote. Larry takes the women to him under blindfold and pays them with product after Horatio is done. If they're injured too severely, he takes care of that too."
"One of my employees will need access to those books."
"Of course. I'll write an authorization letter."
"What are your risks?"
"Some claim that Arizona State University is a party school. We say that all young people like to explore. It's part of growing up. The heavy addicts are primarily first year students and most of them don't come back in the second year. As far as the university is concerned, this is typical for all universities."
"Except that you create addicts. What happens to them?"
"We take the most addicted first year students and turn them into drug mules. We're pumping drugs into New Mexico right now and plan to expand further in Arizona. The students who attend enough classes to pass into second year are able to control their habit. Many of them are employed as staff at the Punkin Center lodges. They are paid in product. Nobody investigates because nobody knows how many addicts there are."
"If anybody did investigate?"
"It would be at the state government level. The Arizona governor would quash that investigation."
"Out of the goodness of his heart?"
"No. We make large donations to his re-election campaigns, plus he has access to the Flagstaff house and all of its temptations."
"Larry again?"
"Yes. The governor likes young women. You could say that he's addicted to them. We can cut off his supply if he starts acting frisky."
 # # # # # # # #
Henrik's interview with Santos was Friday afternoon, Geneva time. Citing the need to investigate further, Don Giovanni left Santos in the locked former dormitory. Periodically Eleanor brought him food and water. 
Sunday morning, Arizona time, the lieutenant governor of Arizona responded to a pounding on his front door and padded in his slippers and robe to answer it. 
"Urgent high priority package," a delivery person said and thrust a thick envelope into his hands. While Arizona's second highest official was reading the words OPEN THIS NOW on the envelope, the delivery person left. 
Inside he found a warning: The information in this envelope will be released to the public at noon today. Some people will need protective custody before noon. Act now!
Also in the envelope was a bot. The lieutenant governor found a comfortable chair, inserted the bot into his brain plug, and began watching and listening. 
At 10:10 am, he called the Phoenix and Tempe sheriffs to his home. "As of now, I am assuming the position of Governor of Arizona. The governor is not in his mansion and I can't reach him. We have a state of emergency. I have filed the necessary papers with the state's supreme court to assume control." 
 "Now, here's what I need you to do. The Tempe Sheriff's Department is to find Leonardo Santos, Head Governor of Arizona State University. Install him in one of your jail cells and bring in all of your deputies to work in case we need them. Tell Santos he is in protective custody for his own safety."
"The Phoenix Sheriff's Department is to find Horatio Portabello, the Comptroller of Arizona State University. Install him in one of your jail cells and bring in all of your deputies to work in case we need them. Tell Portabello he is in protective custody for his own safety."
"Go now. You have less than two hours to get this done."
After they left, the Temporary Governor of Arizona rummaged through the clutter on the top of his desk, pulled out a piece of paper, and made a call.
"Cowboy, this is Yonny. By any chance are you and your wife still in Arizona?"
"Yeah. We're camping in the Prescott National Forest. We hope to fish for a day before moving north again. We have to get back home before Bean becomes too big to camp. Why?" 
"I'm so glad that you came into the office to inquire about transferring out of Montana and into Arizona."
"Billings is good, but it's remote. Both of us are looking for a change after the baby is born."
"I have a problem, Cowboy. We have a state of emergency and I've had to take charge of the government because I can't locate the governor. He'll be in a lot of personal danger and I need to put him into protective custody. It's possible that he is staying in Flagstaff in a mountain retreat owned by a friend. Could you try and find him?"
"Sure, we were planning to go to Flagstaff tomorrow anyway. We can go now. What exactly do you want me to do?"
"If he's there, he's safe enough. Can you put him on ice until I sort things out?"
"Sure. I don't have any authority to act here however."
"I know. Improvise."
"That, I can do."
"I'll talk to you later when I know more. Thanks."
...
"We're fishing in the Prescott National Forest?" Bean asked. "I could have sworn that we're sitting in a comfortable mountain retreat in Flagstaff."
 "I'll look in on our fishies and make sure they're still sleeping."
"I'll let Mac know that we have Larry the Leopard and the Arizona governor in protective custody."
 # # # # # # # #
It was 12 noon. 
"This is Fanny Fandigity reporting to all Arizona citizens. You won't believe what I have to tell you today. That's why I am sending you this stunning information in the form of a video recording. The man you will see talking is Leonardo Santos, the head governor of Arizona State University. He is talking to a mafia criminal named Don Giovanni. They are in Europe somewhere. You will see only his beret, but you can hear him clearly." 
"Santos is telling the mafia don about his own criminal MescalMeth production facilities here in Arizona. He is targeting Arizona State University students. He's talking to the mafia because he wants Giovanni to give him money so that he can expand his drug business deeper into Arizona and into New Mexico. At the end of the tape, you will hear that a very important public figure in Arizona is supporting Santos' criminal business. You have my permission to download this video and circulate it." 
 # # # # # # # #
Later that afternoon, the lieutenant governor was listening to the Tempe sheriff report that they couldn't find Santos. Yonny had another emergency on his mind. 
"Leave one man at his house and move the rest of your men into Punkin Center. I'm hearing reports about a fire burning out of control. That area is a tinderbox. Find out what's happening and report back." 
# # # # # # # #
"We were lucky to be in the right place at the right time," the general in the Saskatchewan Army uniform said to the Tempe sheriff. "The battalion was returning home after our training exercise in Mexico and we saw a plume of smoke. Naturally, we landed to provide assistance. Our men were able to rescue all of the people in the smaller lodges before the fires consumed those building. We were able to keep the fire away from the main building." 
"You saved a lot of lives, General."
"We found 318 unconscious people within these lodges. A quick examination of some of their IDs suggests that they are students from Arizona State University. Our mobile hospital staff put them onto sleep pads under the shade of our tarps and are watching them. We found strong evidence that all of these students are under the influence of some artificial chemicals. Our nurses are keeping them hydrated, but until the students can recover from the chemicals in their bodies, there's nothing else my nursing staff can do right now."
"By 'under the influence of some artificial chemicals,' you mean they're drugged to their eyeballs," the sheriff commented.
"That's another way of putting it, yes. When the soldiers were bringing these drugged students out of the big lodge, they found what may be a drug manufacturing business in the basement. They saw labels with the words MescalMeth on them. Those words may be meaningful to you but we don't have such chemicals in Saskatchewan."
"MescalMeth is an addictive poison. Did you find any people in the lab?"
"No, but we did find eighteen men sleeping in a dormitory next to the lab. Our men reported that they had the same smell as the lab did."
"What did you do with the men?"
"We locked down the entire basement until we could get direction from somebody like you."
"And this group of students who are awake? Where did they come from?"
"Again, from their IDs, they appear to be Arizona State University students. We found them in the bedrooms on the upper floors of the big lodge. They were crammed in there four to a room. They had uniforms in their rooms that suggest they were employees. We're guarding them in case somebody in Arizona wants to question them."
"We will do that."
 "Now that Arizona's law enforcement is here, we'd like to return to Saskatchewan."
"We're a little overwhelmed right now, General. I see you have a troop transport. Could you take the drugged students to Tempe's hospital?"
"Yes. Our nurses can hand them over to hospital nurses. May we go now?
"A person named Fanny Fandigity has released a video that is likely to bring a stake mob to Punkin Center. Could you provide law and order? I don't have the manpower to control the mob that will be here soon."
"What's a stake mob?"
"It's like a lynch mob where villains get hung from a tree until they're dead. We don't have a lot of trees in Arizona. We have a lot of desert. Unsavory characters can find themselves staked to the desert. It's a slow death."
"Much like addiction to MescalMeth, I assume," the general said. "I have no authority to provide law and order in Arizona. That might put my soldiers in the situation where we might injure innocent citizens who are in pursuit of justice. We'll take the poisoned students to Tempe and then return to Saskatchewan."
"Thank you for saving these students, General."
"Fires can be difficult to put out, Sheriff. We did our best to save some lives. You have a dilemma."
"Not much of one, actually."
 [Jock didn't say that he didn't have to save the students in the other lodges from a fire. He started the fire AFTER the cadets had pulled them out. You've probably figured out that the nurses were the Valkyries.] 
 # # # # # # # #
The Tempe sheriff solved his dilemma by telling the lodge employees to go home. They were obviously following somebody else's orders and couldn't be convicted of any crime. Then, he told his officers that they had duties back in Tempe to find Santos and he joined them there. No Arizona law officer was in Punkin Center when the stake mob arrived. The chemmies were locked in a basement, but the Tempe sheriff must have forgotten about them. The stake-mob didn't have any trouble finding the chemmies. They were behind a locked door that had scrawled writing on it: Caution: MescalMeth production lab. The stake mob did what stake mobs do. They also burned down Santos' lab so that nobody else would be tempted to start it up again. Naturally, the fire spread to the entire lodge. Oops.
 # # # # # # # #
Later that day, Comptroller Horatio Portabellow, Larry the Leopard, and Governor Mitch Caruso were in protective custody which meant they were behind bars in either Phoenix or Tempe. Santos was still at large.
Later that evening, Santos woke up slowly. He couldn't see much in the darkness, but managed to determine that he was lying on a sidewalk. He was cold. He stood up and managed to keep himself erect. He was dizzy but that cleared off. Santos recognized the neighborhood. Paradise Valley, Phoenix. His house was two blocks away. 
Santos fumbled with the keypad on his front door but got it right the second time. He opened the door to find a law officer waiting for him. "Leonardo Santos, I am here to put you under police protection. Please put your hands behind your back so that I can cuff you for your own protection. If you don't mind a comment, you need to buy larger panty sizes, Sir."

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 24 

It was Monday in the last week of September. Winnie was meeting with Guinny in the castle. Granny was there as well, but this time she brought a large variety of goodies. Winnie explained. "I asked Granny to show us how many different chocolate goodies she had in her freezer. We can have a vote to determine which is the best goodie."
"I can't possibly try each one," Guinny confessed.
"We've had many of these before," Winnie coaxed.
"I know. I wouldn't be able to pick the best one. I loved them all."
"I do too," Winnie said. "Granny, what do you like best?"
"After a life time of making goodies, I don't eat them very often now. Doc does. He can't help himself. I have to put keypad locks on the freezer doors to stop him from raiding my inventory."
"So, all of these goodies are extremely good and if we weren't exercising a lot of self control, Guinny and I would be bingeing. Have I got that right, Guinny?"
"Yes. What's your point?"
"We know that chocolate is extremely tasty. We know that chocolate goodies can be frozen without any loss of flavor. I popped in to see Harry last week. Harry isn't aware of any planet that is manufacturing chocolate, but there might be. He just doesn't know."
"Are you thinking that we could trade chocolate to other planets?"
"Give that winner a chocolate goodie."
 "I'll take the fudge."
"I'll keep you company with the Nanaimo bar."
 # # # # # # # #
"Chocolate comes from cacao beans," Winnie started her presentation. "Cacao beans grow as seeds in large pods that sprout from the trunk and branches of a tree. There are many different varieties of trees, some better than others. Growing a cacao tree from seed can take three to five years before it becomes a pod-bearing tree. A healthy, productive tree can yield up to 2,000 pods a year."
"How long before we had enough chocolate to trade?" Guinny asked. 
"Three to five years if we grew the trees from seeds here in Heaven. Or, there are huge swathes of jungle on Earth where it's too hot for humans to live, but cacao trees continue to thrive. We could take thousands of trees out of those areas and nobody would notice or care. Cacao trees have a peak growing period of ten years, but their productive life can extend for decades. We could transfer the trees to heavenly dimensions created solely for chocolate production."
"How deep is a tree's root system?"
"The cacao tree has a taproot with only a few other roots. When the soil is deep and the growing conditions are favorable, the taproot can grow to a depth of about 5 feet. The primary function of the root system is anchorage." 
"The single tap root would be an advantage for us," Guinny commented. "Our engineers could find a way to extract the tree without damaging its root system. We can set up a portal from the jungle we're working in directly to the heavenly dimension that we want to use. Extract one tree, plant the same tree complete with pods within minutes." 
"I'm sure our horticultural experts and the engineers can work out a method that won't shock the tree."
"We can put unique climate controls on the dimensions where we plant the cacao dimensions. What kind of environment do they need, Winnie?"
"Humid tropical climates with regular rains and a short dry season. The trees need even temperatures between 21-23 degrees Celsius, with a fairly constant rainfall of 1000-2500 mm per year."
"That would be easy to manage. What kind of maintenance would we be looking at?"
 "Mortals have found that growing cocoa is hard manual work and very labor intensive. Caring for and harvesting the beans requires close and continuous attention. The cocoa tree flowers and bears fruit throughout the entire year. Humans harvest the cocoa pods with machetes or sticks. As pods do not ripen at the same time, the trees need to be monitored regularly."
"That could be a problem."
"Our scientists can use AI to develop monitoring machines. The same machine could probably include a solar powered cutting implement."
"Would we still need some form of angelic involvement that would require working in sweltering conditions?"
"Yes."
"How are you planning to provide that? I doubt many angels would want to perform that kind of work."
"Are you aware that we admitted 1330 devils into Heaven in October 2091?" [Morgana Foils the Duke's Plan, #23.] 
"I've read about that. You were responsible for that, I believe."
"I was. We memory wiped them, gave them angelic bodies, and tried to integrate them into heavenly society. Their angelic bodies have a chip that allows Joe-Joe to keep an eye on them. He told me that they aren't a risk, but they aren't happy either. They don't like flying and they complain about being too cold. They are aware at some basic level that they are different and they keep to themselves."
"Is this going somewhere?" Guinny asked between chews.
"Tending the cacao trees will require angels to work in hot humid conditions that will put a strain on their own heat levels. It will be challenging job for them." Winnie paused to swallow and then continued. "A hot humid environment is home-sweet-home for former devils. I suggest that we put them into cold-blooded devil bodies with some heavenly overtones. White scales that look like feathers, for example. I suggest that we establish a community where these angel-devils can interact with each other. They will still be able to interact with angels because we are all white, but they will have cold-blooded bodies, which can easily withstand the hot conditions. With 1330 of them, we can have 1330 dimensions, each one growing cacao trees. Each angel-devil can have the responsibility to manage his own dimension."
"Millions of cacao bearing trees," Guinny said and reached. "What about processing the beans?" she asked.
"The beans have to be extracted from the pod, crushed, and separated from their shells. What's left is ground into cocoa paste. The paste is melted into liquors that can be molded into blocks of raw chocolate. All of the processing can be automated with the supervising angel-devil stepping in where the automation can't work. Were you going to take that piece of chocolate taffy? "
"No, I'll have the sex in a pan. Who would be in charge? The angel-devils have to be supervised to some degree. We would have to load the raw chocolate into multiple freighters. We'll have to find customers. Treaties have to be prepared and signed. Are you going to do that?"
"Wdlmlsss," Winnie mumbled.
...
"Sorry, I had the chocolate taffy stuck in my teeth. The treaties will be easy because the Cosmos provides templates. For the rest, I'd suggest Shields be put in charge of the entire enterprise. She can keep the angels-devils in line. She's smart enough to be able to work with the scientists on the automation. I haven't approached her yet."
"Profits?"
"With 1330 dimensions available to us and with each dimension operating at capacity, the revenue would be ginormous. Our expenses would be minimal. Anything that we'd have to buy to create the AI automation, I suppose. It's all minimal cost. Do you have any water around here, Guinny."
"I'll get it," Granny volunteered.
"Get some for me too, please Granny. I'd have to take it forward to our key angels. It will completely change our role as protector of mortals."
"It won't change it; it will add to it. Could you pass me that chocolate-marshmallow square?" Winnie asked.
"I'll get it for you," Granny said.
Winnie continued. She was on a roll. "With exports that other planets want, we'll be able to sit in angel furniture. We'll be able to create dimensions that will give angels a more enjoyable afterlife. Like recreation dimensions with hockey, basketball, and any other sport."
"Here's the big problem, Winnie. Granny, is there a wipe or something handy? My fingers are all sticky."
"I'll get it."
"What's the big problem?"
"We don't have a space port that can accept foreign freighters. We need to be an importing/exporting planet but we can't violate the prime directive."
"Can I have a wipe too, Granny? We can ship freight out of the solar system using our own ships. We can't let ships from other planets be seen. So, we ship out chocolate and return with our own freighter full of whatever we've agreed to trade for. We continue to load and unload via portals."
"That'll mean a lot more freighters. Where do we get those from? We don't have chocolate to sell yet."
"Let me think on that. I don't have an answer right now. Can you at least approve the concept?"
"I'll take the concept forward. Granny where'd all those goodies go? Were you sneaking them when we weren't looking?"
"Wasn't me, Guinny."
"I'm not feeling so good, Guinny."
"It could have been something you ate, Winnie," Granny said with a straight face. 
"I had a light breakfast."
"It's a mystery."
"I don't feel so good either," Guinny confessed. "What's it called when the mortal stomach regurgitates its contents?"
"I'll be leaving now," Granny said. 
"Huh. Strange expression. It would be appropriate I suppose if the contents of a stomach could speak."

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 25 

Last days of September.
Winnie and Galahad headed out to Angelion. Their first attempt at a cure hadn't worked, so Winnie was back with a second set of pills. Delivering them took five minutes. Galahad wanted to spend some time with Commodore Ritchit, who seemed happy to have a male military man to talk to, so they stayed longer. Winnie was content to listen to K-Lit's challenges with the clinic. More patients were arriving from urban centers. This was stretching their facilities as well as their personnel. Asking for government support would be futile. More staff, more training, and more money for buildings were needed badly. 
For the afternoon, K-Lit and the commodore offered to give Winnie and Galahad a tour of the northern reaches of the planet, some of which were quite scenic. The four of them used the clinic copter and off they went. Think of it as a picnic without the ants. 
The commodore related some funny stories from his years in service and Winnie talked about her idea of chocolate exports. Naturally, she had brought samples and those disappeared quickly. K-Lit wondered if chocolate could be a benefit for the women who were depressed. They talked about depression, and all four happened to have a personal experience to share. Commodore Ritchit provided a note of reassurance on the concept of trading around the Cosmos. Freighters carrying trade goods did not need trained military men to crew them. Piracy within the Cosmos has been eradicated. 
All in all, it was a pleasant day. On the way home, Winnie commented on how K-Lit and Ritchit were communicating with each other now and seemed to be comfortable in each other's presence. Galahad shared that the commodore had confessed to him that retirement to this clinic was the best thing that had ever happened to him.
 # # # # # # # #
The red light in Zelda's apartment was flashing when she got back to Hell. She left her apartment, walked down the flight of stairs, entered the boardroom, and sat down in a devil-sized chair. A devil came into the boardroom minutes later. 
"Explain your lack of progress."
"Whenever I come back to Denver, she's in the middle of a meeting. I can't get to see her when she's alone."
"I've brought the spawn back to Hell. They're in the caves where the other spawn had been living. It's somewhat crowded but they can squeeze in."
"Our contract said that I could counsel them and arrange for consensual sex."
"You still can. The contract didn't say anything about where they would live while you were doing that."
 # # # # # # # #
Arizona's justice system was getting a work out. First into the Tempe courts was Larry the Leopard. He didn't have much authority in Santos' business, so the prosecutor chose to focus on his hobby of finding Arizona students dependent on MescalMeth and offering them to Santos' business partners. While the girls themselves were blindfolded on their way to and from the mountain retreat, they weren't blindfolded when Larry approached them, offered them the job, and paid them in MescalMeth afterwards. It wasn't hard for the Tempe sheriff to interview the students who were still in hospital, show them a picture of Larry, and ask if they knew him. Many did. He was charged with Procuring which essentially meant recruiting young women, enticing them into prostitution, and offering them to customers as their pimp. The trial took about an hour. The presiding judge found Larry guilty and sentenced him to five years incarceration in the California Penal System Facility for Men in the Mojave Desert.
 Santos' trial was also quick. The prosecutor played Fanny's tape for the judge in which it was very clear that the former Head Governor of Arizona State University had been caught pink-bottomed [a close relative to being caught red-handed]. He was sentenced to fifteen years in the California Penal System Facility for Men in the Mojave Desert for multiple crimes, including the production of an illegal substance and running a criminal enterprise. He was offered five years off for good behavior, which was defined as being a witness in two upcoming trials. Santos took the offer. 
Horatio Portabello's trial was delayed while the prosecutor's office found the second set of accounting books that he was keeping for Santos. That and Santos' testimony sent him to the same California Penal System Facility as the other two. His crimes were being the accountant for a criminal enterprise and defrauding the Arizona State University by ordering equipment in their name but sending it elsewhere. He would serve ten years. 
The governor insisted on a jury trial. Nobody claimed that he was stupid. It's not a crime to accept anonymous donations for a re-election campaign. While Santos claimed in his testimony that the governor had agreed to prevent any inquiries into Santos' business, Governor Mitch Caruso claimed that he had only said that so that he could enjoy some short-term relationships with university women. He would never interfere with a lawful investigation and never had. He did admit that he had lied to Santos.
Everybody on the jury knew that politicians lie, so that actually worked in Caruso's favor. He was just being a normal politician. As to engaging in sex with drug addicts, everybody knew that politicians would sleep with anything that didn't have four legs in the course of campaigning for re-election, so that charge actually showed that Caruso was an enthusiastic and dedicated governor. The governor was charming and well liked. Caruso figured he would be acquitted. 
The suspense of the trial ended when the prosecutor put a Phoenix deputy on the stand. This particular deputy had supervised Caruso during his booking. He was watching when Caruso exchanged his governor clothes for a spiffy orange jump suit. The deputy's testimony of what he saw during that exchange of clothes caused the jurors to recoil in disgust. 
The judge ordered Caruso to stand, face the jury, and strip to his waist. They gasped again and looked away. The image was too obscene to bear. The public gallery in the courtroom demanded to see Caruso's chest as well. Had it not been for the heavy presence of law enforcement officers in the courtroom, they'd have hung him right then from the gently turning fan in the ceiling of the courtroom. 
 # # # # # # # #
Narrator Interlude: A word or two of explanation will be necessary.
Sporting rivalries can be intense. In university sports, some rivalries are legendary. Florida-Florida State; Georgia-Georgia State; Texas-Texas A&M; Michigan-Michigan State. You'll notice the pattern. Not to be outdone, the rivalry between the University of Arizona and Arizona State University dated back to 1899 when the Territorial Cup was awarded to the winner of an early football game. It was the oldest rivalry in university sports and extended across all the sports that the two institutions offered. As the governor of the state, Caruso was expected to be impartial. In practical terms, no governor would be elected were he to pick one of the two schools as his favorite. He'd automatically lose 50% of the vote, so deep were the emotions of fans of both schools. Peace within the state demanded that the Governor had to be impartial. 
 # # # # # # # #
Let's resume the trial now. Governor Caruso had not picked a favorite Arizonan university. He truly was impartial. He didn't care if University of Arizona won or if Arizona State won. That way, he didn't infuriate either side. But he was a fan of football. When he was ordered to strip to the waist, what the jury and the court saw was a three word tattoo on his chest. The tattoo also had an image.
The words were: Hook'em Horns.
The image on his chest revealed a hand with its fore finger and its pinky finger arranged in a gesture of a hand grasping two miniature horns. For anybody outside of Texas, that gesture would be obscene. For some fans in Texas, that gesture is simply a sign of affection. Caruso truly was impartial as far as Arizona was concerned. He was an avid fan of the University of Texas Longhorns to the point where he had covered his chest with longhorn tattoos. For those of you who are not football fans, Arizonians hate the Texas longhorns. Longhorn fans hated them back. 
Caruso's political career was now over. The prosecutor thundered that he'd prosecute Caruso for being a traitor. The defense offered to help. The judge ruled that a trial was not necessary. Caruso was obviously a traitor. 
Caruso almost made it out of Tempe before the stake mob caught him. Since he was such a fan of Texas, they let him enjoy his final days in Texas' Chihuahuan desert. 
Arizona had certain standards and expectations. For Arizona voters, being a sleaze ball was fine. Sleeping with drugged women was fine. Agreeing to help a MescalMeth manufacturer? Just part of promoting business expansion within the state. But favoring a Texan football team over the Arizona football teams? That's the work of a traitor. 
 # # # # # # # #
"The baby is fine," Angela reassured Lucas, Lylah and Lohla. Doc was also at the meeting in Angela's office. "You, however, don't look so well."
"I don't feel well either."
"Time for a full scale examination next door. This one will be private."
"Can Doc come?"
"Yes, of course."
...
"The swelling has spread to your face and hands. Your feet are worse than two weeks ago. Have you been lying down?"
"I've spent a lot of time lying down the last couple of days. I have my feet on a pillow." 
...
"Your blood pressure is way higher. I'll need a urine sample."
...
"Doc would you deliver this to the lab? Follow the red line and give them this form." Angela checked seven tiny boxes and then wrote NOW! on the top of the form. "Wait for them to do the work. While you're doing that, I'll be peeking inside." 
 # # # # # # # #
"Thanks, Doc. You know what I'm looking for, right?"
"Yes. There was protein in her urine."
"Any headaches, Lylah?"
"One yesterday."
"Bad?"
"Dull ache."
"Fatigue? Shortness of breath?"
"Yes. I figured lying around all the time would do that to me. Plus, I'm big and I am carrying a bowling ball inside me."
"Does its feel like a bowling ball as in it is hard?"
"No, as in big. I figure that's normal." 
"Any pain here?"
"No."
"How about here?"
"Yes."
"Scale of 1 to 10?"
"3."
"Any nausea or vomiting?"
"No. But I don't feel like eating."
"Let's join the others."
 # # # # # # # #
"Why don't you start our report, Doc?"
"Lylah has a mild complication called preeclampsia. It's reasonably common and is often found with first pregnancies. It is also associated with pre-existing conditions like high blood pressure, diabetes, and kidney disease. If it becomes worse, it can lead to premature birth. Unmanaged preeclampsia can prevent a developing fetus from receiving enough blood and oxygen, damage a mother's liver and kidneys, and, in rare cases lead to some serious health risks for the mother."
Angela took over. "We have twenty six days before her due date. If she gets worse, we will take the baby out by C-section. This hospital has the equipment to handle premature births of up to two weeks. We'll admit Lylah to the hospital today, watch her closely and make the necessary decisions on a day-by-day basis." 
"You better bring me in too. I feel exactly like she does." Lohla warned.
"You're not pregnant."
"Doesn't matter. I should be as close to her as possible. If not, both of us will stress out. If you start cutting into her, I'll need the same pain killers."
 Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 26

"How are you enjoying your new aerie," Winnie asked Shields.
"I can't believe how much space and privacy I have when I'm not bunking with a dozen soldiers."
"Is that why you chose to live inside a big sphere?"
"I got the idea from our space ships, but it isn't actually a sphere. It's a geodesic dome." 
"What is that when it's not gleaming on the very top of our mountain? It looks like a sphere to me." 
"It is a hemispherical thin-shell structure based on a geodesic polyhedron."
"Right. I repeat my question."
"It has great strength. Plus I can see forever when I'm inside. And I can even fly inside it. Plus, I have the huge office space that I'll need for the chocolate project."
"But it's a sphere."
"Think of it as a big bowling ball that will roll down the mountainside and crush your puny little castle."
"You'll have to drain the lake first. Are you ready to report?"
"Don't I get some of Granny's chocolate goodies?"
"I'll get some for you. I still feel queasy when I taste them."
...
"What's with the bulging three ring binder?" Winnie asked. 
"Progress is measured by the weight of the report."
"Sez who?"
"Sez the guy that invented paper." 
"You've made good progress then. Boil it down."
"I've spent the last week on Earth talking with cacao tree owners. I now know everything I need to know about the different varieties of cacao trees, how to tell one from the other, which are best for long term growth, and how to achieve that growth. Most of this binder will become a source of information for the angel-devils supervising each dimension. There's some very practical information that should save us from having to learn from losing crops."
"The tree farmers gave this to you willingly?"
"Tree farmers have organizational meetings where the play fun games. To get their help, I had to play strip poker."
"I've seen you play. Did you ever lose?"
"I lost when I wanted to keep them motivated."
"A military career where you play poker for days on end is useful after all."
"For us, it was very useful. I also have an idea how we can yank cacao trees out of the soil. I'll try it out as soon as we set up a functional chocolate dimension complete with the right type of climate controls and the right type of soil. All of that information is in the binder."
"Is Joe-Joe working on creating the dimensions?"
"He has approval to go ahead. He had to wait for the specifics."
"You have to yank the tree straight up. How are you going to do that? Mobile cranes in the jungle?"
"We have no room to set them up and move them. I'll use the Angelion.52's invisible lifeboat to pull a tree straight up. If it's strong enough to break out of a planet's gravity, it'll handle a cacao tree."
"And planting the tree?"
"Drop it into a pre-dug hole and cover it with the soil we dug up."
"What will you use for that? Shovels and slave labor?"
"A simple mechanical digger. They've been around Earth since 1900."
"I have no money to buy it for you."
"I found one in a deserted junk yard. Joe-Joe said it can be fixed."
"An impressive couple of weeks, Shields."
"Thanks, Boss."
 # # # # # # # #
Winnie was meeting in the castle's boardroom with Cassie, Maddy, Karita, and Meghan. 
"We've been trying to find the lady who is in charge of the SOADs. We don't have a name for her yet. Last time the SOADs met, Paula and Cassie were able to trail her to SinSin-atti, but they lost her when she entered a large stalactite. They couldn't follow her because of the reek of a powerful devil. We believe that she may have left through one of the many exits of the stalactite."
Winnie continued. "This woman is of interest to us. She smells like a mortal, but she receives special treatment in Hell that allows her to keep her mortal body while she lives in Hell. Back in April, Reese said that the SOADs had light face colors and the counselor had even lighter colors. Maddy and Karita spoke directly with her and commented on how good a counselor she was. We want to know what a light face-colored mortal is doing in Hell. Tomorrow, we'll infiltrate Hell with sufficient numbers to cover all sides of that stalactite. Cassie will trail her from Cleveland. The rest of us will pick her up when she is close to the stalactite. Meghan will be in devil form, Maddy, Karita and I will be in demon form. When we find her leaving the stalactite, we'll follow her." 
"Where's Paula?" Cassie asked. 
"I don't know. Lillian borrowed her. The SOADs always meet the second Wednesday in January, April, July, and October. We'll meet in the Drury Plaza Hotel Cleveland Downtown at 8 am tomorrow. I'd like to know how the SOADs are arriving in Cleveland. Questions?"
"Do you have any idea why she is allowed into Hell?"
"I have no idea whatsoever. With her light face colors, I don't see how she could be a weapon for Hell. That kind of collaboration would affect her colors."
 # # # # # # # #
The next day at 9:30 am. 
"Winnie, I've confirmed with the hotel that the SOAD booking was cancelled," Karita reported. "No reason was given. The cancelation was electronic."
"Do we have contact information on any of the SOADs? Cassie, weren't you and Paula checking the homes of some them?"
"We each did two and then reported back. It was a dead end." 
"Do you still have a memory of going to their homes? You could look for any cancelation announcements in their homes."
"That's a good idea. Back shortly." 
 # # # # # # # #
"They aren't in their homes and I didn't see any indication of where they went," Cassie reported. "I saw no notices about cancelling the convention. I did see notices reminding the SOADs of the convention. Those had a September 15 date. The food in the apartments was still reasonably fresh. There's no way of knowing how many clothes they took with them."
"They suddenly left in the last two weeks," Megan theorized. 
"Most of these people aren't capable of caring for themselves," Karita reminded.
Megan drew a conclusion. "Their departure was probably organized and involved a lot of bodies. Not only are there thirty spawn, but many of them have difficulties managing their own bodies."
"Hell grabbed them for some reason." Maddy, with a reasonable conclusion. 
I agree," Winnie nodded. "But we don't know where Hell put them. Thirty mortals in Hell would draw a lot of attention. It's possible that Hell moved them to a single mortal location on Earth so that the counselor could care for them more effectively."
"I could see her doing that," Karita said. "She's very caring." 
"That would mean that the counselor is not in Hell at all," Meghan observed. 
"So, the counselor poses no threat?" Cassie asked.
"None. We might as well go home."
 # # # # # # # #
In Toronto, Doc had asked for a private meeting with Angela. 
"Looks to me that she's getting worse," Doc observed. "Her face is swollen now, and her hands and feet look more swollen than before. The blood pressure monitor shows heightened blood pressure."
"Protein levels in the urine are higher. She's suffering from more headaches with higher pain. Her aversion to bright light has increased. We shut the overhead lights off for her comfort."
"I noticed that. Is she getting out of bed at all?" Doc asked.
"No. She says that she's too tired. She has pains throughout the abdomen now. Levels are at 6 or 7.
"Nausea or vomiting?"
"None, but she's not eating. She and Lohla are on a constant drip now."
"Lohla?"
"She has the exact same symptoms except she has a flat tummy."
"They're sleeping in the same bed, I see. Lucas brought that in?"
"Yes." 
"The baby?"
"Heart beat is good. We have 18 days to go. That's too early to operate."
"I'll let people know what's happening."

Back to the Table of Contents


Chapter 27

In the third week of October, Winnie, Galahad, and Shields boarded the Angelion.52 and set warp for Angelion. Winnie was trying hard not to get her hopes up. This would be the third attempt to find a cure. She simply wanted to drop the meds off, spend a day with K-Lit and Ritchit, and come back home. She was more interested in finding out how the two of them were getting along. Obviously, her matchmaker genes spanned species. She wasn't expecting what Ritchit did to her.
"The second cure worked," K-Lit exclaimed and opened out her arms. "It couldn't have gone better. "
Winnie finished the hug with K-Lit to find Ritchit standing in line. Arms open, and yes, ready to make body contact. Mind you, he was virtually standing at attention throughout the hug, but the thought was there. It was both an awkward moment but also a wonderful moment. Angelion males could be saved after all. 
After that, Galahad and Ritchit did something male-ish while Winnie and Shields visited with the twenty-eight Angelions that had formed the research group. Again, a lot of enthusiastic hugs and exuberant chatter followed. Shields brought that part of the afternoon to an end with a reminder to Winnie that Heaven's scientist wanted to have as much anecdotal information as possible. Shields taped the answers while Winnie asked the leading questions. Other than headaches for three days for some of the women, most had no side effects. They were conscious for the full three days, ate regularly, slept regularly, and even engaged in some group games. It was like they were blessed now and not cursed.
The hard part of the meeting came when K-Lit asked, on behalf of the women, when the women could go home.
"It looks like Heaven's scientists have found the basis of a cure but we have more studies to perform. We want to know if you will need a second round of pills again. We want to know if the dosages should be reduced to perhaps eliminate the headaches. But, we can do that with other test subjects. For the moment, let's assume that the Angelion curse has been de-cursed. I'd like to ask you if that means that your life now on Angelion will be wonderful. Or, do other aspects to your life need to be cured. Shields will record your comments. Tell me this: what else needs to be changed?" 
So, that took a long time. My readers will know what most of the women's comments revolved around. We'll skip this part. 
 # # # # # # # #
 Winnie is wrapping up now. 
"You asked me when you could go home. If you go home and if you tell your friends that the curse is cured, the reaction of the men could be much less enthusiastic than you hoped for. If you want to have equality in the work place like you say you do, the disappearance of the curse won't change anything. I can tell you that I have some investigations to make that will focus on some disturbing events that happened earlier this year. If you don't know this already, I will tell you that Commodore Ritchit was almost assassinated and we brought him here so that he could hide and remain safe. He won't be safe if you talk and his would-be assassins learn where he is." 
"I need to finish some inquiries about that assassination attempt and other issues. If you go home and talk, I won't be able to do that. I'm asking you to remain here for a while longer. Don't tell anybody outside this camp what we've discovered. I'll work as quickly as I can. In the meantime, I know that many other women in camp have severe issues with depression. Why don't you take your happiness and share it with them? Try and help them. Tell them that the future will be brighter."
 # # # # # # # #
"Chief, I need an operating room for Lylah now," Angela insisted. "Her baby's heartbeat is weakening. We need to do a C-section." 
"How long to the due date?" The chief surgeon asked. 
"Sixteen days." 
"The only space that I have right now is on the 5th floor which is off limits. A visiting surgeon brought in an emergency an hour ago."
"We're going to lose the baby. Perhaps also Lylah."
"This surgeon is world class. I'll ask her if she can handle a C-section at the same time as her emergency. While I'm asking, get Lylah prepped."
"Lohla has to go with her. They have to be holding hands."
"I've heard of this about twins before. Prep both of them."
....
"Angela, the specialist will take Lylah and Lohla. Keep them in the same bed and with the same drips. One of the hospital's security guards will take them up with you. You won't be able to reach the fifth floor otherwise. Take your case notes and brief her. Then, come back and sit with the family. The specialist has her own staff and won't accept observers in her operating room."
 # # # # # # # #
The guard knocked three times on the operating room door, unlocked it, and opened it. It looked like an ordinary operating room. A patient was lying on an operating table, an IV stand close by. Three people were bending over the patient. All of them were in green surgical garb. 
"Ma'am, I have your next patient."
A surgeon in gown, gloves and mask approached and stood well back from the doorway. Two eyes were all that could be seen. "You're Angela?" the figure asked.
"Yes."
"I can't have you contaminating the operating room. Put your case notes on the bed. Sergeant, push the bed into the room, shut the door, and lock it. Angela, I will inform your chief when I'm done."
"Yes, Ma'am."
...
The doctor waited for the door lock to engage before turning around. "We're clear. Doc, I could use a hand pushing this monstrous bed into the room. Paula and Granny, you can take off the green. This room is entirely sterile." Lillian moved the bed under the lights and then doffed her green garb. "This is your plan, Doc. What's next?"
"Paula, Granny has a drink for you that will help you. After that, you have 15 minutes. Granny will take care of you. She's done this many times before. Relax while you can."
"Lillian, what's the status of Lylah's baby?"
"No heartbeat."
"That's a shame."
"A radiation scarred fetus cannot last long after birth."
Doc took charge. "Lylah comes first. Lillian, use a C-section to remove the fetus. Then, look around inside. We know her ovaries are toast. The uterus is too now. Those can come out. Can you give her healthy organs to replace anything else that needs repairing?" 
"Yes. I came prepared. Shall I do Lohla too?"
"Yes. Can you do it without leaving a scar?"
"I believe the polite answer would be duh. What will you be doing, oh master planner?"
"I'm going to watch you and learn."
 # # # # # # # #
Narrator interlude. An explanation is probably in order. 
Back when Doc was in LA listening and observing, he realized that the extent of both Lohla' and Lylah's radiation burns were so severe that having a baby live through the entire pregnancy and birth would be a miracle. If it were going to take a miracle, he reasoned, why not plan and schedule the miracle? He spoke to Keely and told her what Lohla and Lylah were facing. She then took Doc to Lillian. Their conversation went something like this. 
------------------
"This is a direct result of the buffoons in NORAD?" Lillian had asked. "The ones that the Wilizy had to de-nuke?" [Books #17 and #18]
"You knew about that?"
"I believe that Lucas, Lylah and Lohla were involved in the operation. You and Granny were also."
"Yes. It was a full family operation." 
"Looks like we owe you for doing a heavenly job. Do you have a plan?"
"Matter of fact, I do."
-------------
Doc's plan involved Paula. Their conversation went something like this.
"Doc, you want me to keep Lylah's second fertilized egg safe?"
"Yes Paula, I do. I know that you would do a great job. After all, you'd be the baby's grandmother. Who would work harder than you?"
"You'd give me the frozen egg and I'd check on it from time to time in some refrigerator in Heaven."
"Not quite. If the first fertilized egg isn't going to work, the baby will be stillborn. That will be traumatic for all of them. In addition, Lylah has a uterus that is barely functional now because of the radiation burns. It probably would not be able to accept a second fertilized egg. This means that we should have a second baby all ready to be delivered safely when Lylah's body can't go any further. If the first baby survives, they'll have two. If not, they'll have one."
"So, you're going to hide that fertilized egg inside of me. I will keep it safe by being a host mother."
"Yes."
"I'm a spirit. I don't have the necessary equipment."
"Nymphomaniac does."
"Can a fake human body have a baby?"
"Joe-Joe says Nymphomaniac has a fully functioning body."
"You want me to give birth to my own grandchild? Do you realize how weird this is?"
"Yes and yes. For this to work, you have to give birth at the same time as Lylah is giving birth. We can handle a small amount of prematurity."
"Doc, I'm long dead. Do you actually think that a dead grandmother can give birth to a healthy baby? Surely, there are rules about that." 
"The spirit world doesn't appear to have many rules. This is the only way you're going to have a grandchild, Paula. Don't worry about weird. You'll fit right in. Everything about the Wilizy family is weird." 
 # # # # # # # #
Back in Toronto. It's about five hours later. Angela is giving Lucas the good news.
"You were lucky, Lucas. We had a visiting specialist that was able to save your baby. It's a girl. Lohla and Lylah are still coming out of sedation and I'll bring them down soon. The baby is very premature but the specialist assures me that she has the necessary lab equipment to bring her to birth weight and height. It's absolutely essential that there is no chance of infection, so you will not be able to see her for two weeks or so. I do have a picture for you though. She has brown skin and brown eyes. Do you have any idea on a name?" 
"I do actually."
"I thought it was going to be a boy. I'm sure glad that you didn't ask for my opinion on the gender."
"I was hoping for a girl."
[Baby Wiltz spent two week coming to full term in Heaven. The first milk that she tasted was Paula's. One of the first things she saw was a heavenscape when Paula held her up to a window in the hospital. She wouldn't remember that, would she?]

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 28

The red light in Zelda's apartment was flashing when she returned to her suite. She left the suite, walked down the flight of stairs, entered the boardroom, and sat down in a devil-sized chair. A devil came into the boardroom minutes later. 
"Any progress yet?"
"I've tried coming back to Denver more often. I still can't get to see her when she's alone."
"Is she in the mansion on weekends?"
"I don't know. I don't have access to her schedule any more."
"When you did have access to her schedule, was she in the mansion on weekends?"
...
"Well?"
"Sometimes, yes."
"Why aren't you trying to assassinate her on the weekend?"
"I've tried, but they're away or they are holding private functions. I don't have access to her schedule and I don't have access to any of her weekend functions."
"You're not trying hard enough to assassinate her. You could do it if you wanted to."
"Killing humans wasn't part of our deal." 
"Let's take a look at that deal. I'll put your contract on the big screen. Here's the clause where you agreed to sell your soul to me. When you die, you will come to Hell no matter what. Do I have that right?"
"Yes." 
"And in return, I agreed that Hell would no longer allow devils to go to Earth and have sex with mortal women. That's what you wanted. Have I done that?"
"Yes. I saw Satan's announcement."
"Tell me. What's our agreement about the devil spawn?"
"I get to counsel them and four times a year I am allowed to arrange for them to have consensual sex."
"Have I allowed you to do that here in Hell?"
"Yes. I was counseling them earlier today."
"Are you Zelda Asmodeus and is this your signature here?"
"Yes."
"My devil name is Asmodeus. Is this my signature here?"
"Yes."
"So, is the contract legal and binding?"
"Yes, but there's nothing in the contract that says that I have to kill mortals for you."
"There's nothing in the contract that says you have to live to a ripe old age either."
"I don't mind dying. I don't mind being tortured. I achieved what I wanted. Your lust for mortal women can never be satisfied again. Nor can any other devils go the Earth and have sex with mortal women again."
[Narrator: Asmodeus is one of the inner pentagram devils. He is known as the Devil of Lust.] 
"You take after your mother."
"Thank you."
"That wasn't a compliment. Why did you choose to poison the governor's wife when you could easily break her neck with a simple twist of her head?"
"When I was growing up, I was always bigger than my classmates, thanks to your genes. Mom kept telling me that I had to be careful not to hurt them. I was so big and they were so tiny. Even a little bump could make them fall. So, I learned to be very careful. If I did hurt somebody, I apologized. Mom insisted. If they were crying, I learned how to make them feel better. I can't hurt Sheila with my body. It's physically and emotionally impossible for me to do that. I tell myself that a needle wouldn't hurt anybody." 
"Tell me. What do you see now on the big screen?"
"All of the devil spawn."
"There's nothing in the contract that says the spawn have to live to a ripe old age."
"I assassinate the governor's wife and they will live to a ripe old age?"
"No. You assassinate the governor's wife and one of them will live to a ripe old age."
"The others?"
"That's up so you. Each time you assassinate a mortal for me, that equals one ripe old age for a spawn. You can choose which ones."
"There are thirty spawn." 
"I have lots of targets and not just politicians. Scientists, peaceniks, clergy, doctors... just to name some. If they're going to Heaven, you'll send them there early before they can do too much good on Earth. Heaven will never find you because you have no smell. Your name will become notorious in Hell." 
"Meaning your name."
"Of course. Zelda, if you're thinking of committing suicide to escape from your contract, all thirty of them will die with you." 
# # # # # # # #
"How can we help you?" Shields asked Winnie. 
The three angels were in the 52 that was orbiting Angelion. After two days, Winnie had finally come out of her meditation trance and announced that she had the beginning of a plan. 
"For now, I need nothing from you. I have two leads to research: Dr. Ling at the Angelion hospital and Fridal from the Commission of Interplanetary Relations. I'll drone their offices, follow them home, and drone their homes. After that, I'll hack into their home and office computers. We know they have something to hide. It'll probably be on one of their computers."
"OK, Galahad and I are going to find some star maps of this portion of the Cosmos. I have no idea what planets are close to us. Perhaps there's an interstellar guidebook with a list of planets that they trade with. I'll pick up whatever information that may be useful for our chocolate business."
"We'll need to coordinate with each other for using the lifeboat to get to and from the Angelion.52. What body will you be using?" Galahad asked Winnie.
"Primarily my Wilizy body, I think. I put several rucksacks of drones in the cargo hold, so I'm not going to hold back on planting a drone everywhere I can. I'll have to be on Angelion a lot to read the drones. The drones don't have the power to communicate outside the planet."
# # # # # # # #
It's Wednesday night now and the scene is the boardroom of the Angelion.52. Winnie had found no incriminating evidence on the computers, in the offices, or in the homes of her targets. 
"Time to put boots on the ground," Winnie announced. 
"Doing what?" Galahad asked. 
"If homes and offices have no clues, that must mean that they do their dirty work somewhere else. I'll follow Dr. Ling everywhere he goes during the workday. I know that he spends his evenings at home alone."
"How about I take Fridal?"
"Thanks, Shields."
"I'll follow the angel who filled Commodore Ritchit's position as Chief of Staff He benefitted from Ritchit's disappearance."
"Sounds like a plan." 
 # # # # # # # #
Thursday at noon. All three angels independently followed their targets into the same luxurious small dining room on the top floor of the building housing the Commission of Interplanetary Relations. Three military officers including Galahad's man were part of the dining room patrons. Every seat at every table was occupied. Twenty male butts were doing the occupying. 
Five military aides in full uniform were serving the meal. Three military cooks were in the kitchen that was behind two swinging doors. They weren't wearing uniforms, but their posture said they were military. 
I'll take pictures. [Galahad] 
They won't dare say anything sensitive when a military aide is hovering next to the table. [Shields]
I'm going to explore. [Winnie]
 # # # # # # # #
Friday at noon was a repeat of Thursday except that the patrons were sitting at different tables with different tablemates. 
They have a protocol. The first person to arrive sits at the first table. Second, third and fourth to arrive fill up that table. Then they start on the next table. My guy was third to arrive.[Shields]
If they all go in different directions after lunch, we won't learn anything more today. Is that small room down the hall still completely empty Winnie?[Galahad] 
Yes. After lunch, let's go back to the ship and get our pictures ready for Saturday. You have more than one shot of each angel, right?[Winnie]
Yes, I took an extra set just in case. [Galahad] 
 # # # # # # # #
It's been two week since a certain grandmother gave birth to her daughter's daughter. The happy threesome plus one cranky baby were now back in Montana. Lylah solved the crankiness by feeding the kid. It was her second day, so any awkwardness was gone. "Do you wish you could do this?"
"Gawd, no," Lohla exclaimed. 
"What do the two of you say to choosing her first name?" Lucas suggested. "I'll pick the second name."
[As you may remember from books #7 and #8, Lucas gave the baby her second name. But before that, they had to discuss how three parents were going to raise one daughter. It's hard enough for two parents to agree on parenting. Try three. Lohla made it easy.
"Guys, I'm not mother material. You know how I grew up, Lylah. Do you actually want me rearing the kid? Besides, I may be spending more time on the military side of Wilizy operations. Mac asked if I wanted to spell her off from to time being in charge of the Valkyries. She's finding Jock and Emily to be a handful. I thought that I might take the Valkyries but I wanted to talk with you first. I'd be away only when the Valkyries are away. You really don't want me chirping away at you about the proper way to toilet train. I'd say something stupid like Let her walk around outside with nothing on and then Lylah would react and so would I." 
"That would happen," Lylah agreed. "Don't you want any role at all?"
"You're going to be a great mom, Lylah. I'll be the aunt. She doesn't need to know how we shared in creating her and birthing her. That would be very weird."
"How about we name her Lohla? That way, you're more than an aunt." 
And that took care of the first name.
 # # # # # # # #
Before Lucas told them what his second name for de kid was, he had to reveal some long held secrets. In brief, he told them how a guardian angel had found him and talked with him while he was slinging invisibly through the sky. She had saved his life numerous times by showing him how to avoid assassination. She had saved him from going crazy when he was poisoned and imprisoned in the basement of a courthouse. Later, the guardian angel had told Lucas to fly immediately to Colorado Springs. His quick arrival there was instrumental in getting Paula, Lohla and Lylah out of immediate harm. 
It's hard for people to believe that guardian angels exist. Lylah and Lohla were no different than most.
"I decided to create a military corp and call them the Guardian Angels because of her."
"We didn't know that," Lohla said for both of them. 
"Without her, there'd be no guardian angel corp, no Lylah, no Lohla, and no baby."
...
"I thought you were my guardian angel for a while, Lylah."
"Why was that," she asked.
"Because my guardian angel said that she had blonde hair and blue eyes. When I first met you, I thought you were an angel."
Well, that admission didn't do any harm to Lucas' well being. By this time, de kid was sleeping on a pad and Lucas was on the sofa sandwiched between two blonde bombshells. Both had been blessed with some different internal features, none of which diminished their bombshelliness. Their heads were leaning on Lucas' shoulders. Lylah lifted her head, steered his face towards hers and smoked one right across his plate, baseball wise. Not to be outdone, Lohla offered her curve ball for consideration. 
"Holy kangahoopdedoodle," Lucas expressed his contentment. 
"I had forgotten about that word," Lylah said.
"Me too. Who made that up? You or me?"
"You did."
"You know that she was blonde and blue eyed. What was the angel's name, Lucas?" Lylah asked.
"Azure."
"That would make a good middle name," Lohla blessed the christening. 
"I agree."
"I bet mom is up in Heaven right now smiling at us." 
Lohla was right about Paula smiling, but she wasn't in Heaven. She was much closer than that.

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 29 

Galahad spent most of Saturday October 30 with Ritchit. Winnie and Shields stayed in Angelion.52 studying all of the information that Shields and Galahad had discovered about the Cosmos. They met at dinnertime and shared. Galahad started. 
"Ritchit knew all of the men who were meeting for lunch. Essentially, they were the richest and most powerful angels in Angelion. He attached their names to my pictures and added a few words of description. Half of them worked for the government as high-level bureaucrats. The two most important politicians were present, as were the angels who headed up the main industries of the planet. I had thought the military guy would be Ritchit's second in command. He wasn't. The third in command had been promoted over him. This is unusual. Military promotions usually are awarded by rank. Ritchit agrees with me that the third in command was probably responsible for the attacks on him."
"That took all day?" Winnie asked.
"No. We spent most of the time speculating why these twenty angels meet for lunch in secret daily. They have plenty of opportunity to meet in the normal course of their business."
"Did you come up with an answer?"
"A possible one: These twenty angels meet in secret to enrich themselves and make themselves more powerful. They do that planning after lunch when the waiters and cooks are gone. This planning happens perhaps once a month, so they're not likely to be noticed. This is not how Angelion is supposed to operate. Ritchit was very despondent when I left. K-Lit was trying to cheer him up."
"By any chance did she take his hand and hold it?" Winnie asked. 
"How'd you know that?"
"Lucky guess," Winnie smiled.
 # # # # # # # #
Winnie was summarizing what she and Shields had accomplished. 
"We found an interplanetary map of most of the Cosmos. Earth isn't on it, but Shields was able to approximate our location from the map's scale. Distance on the map is calculated in how many hours of warp 6 travel are needed to move from one planet to another. Angelion is on the map and we know it takes us 8 hours of warp 6 to travel between the two planets. Shields knew the heading to look at. It was easy to find where we are. She put a red dot on our location."
Shields took over. "We're on the periphery of the Cosmos, Galahad. We knew that, of course. But seeing it on a map of the Cosmos was disheartening. We found two planets closer to us than Angelion, but both are marine life planets. Chocolate will not be something they will want. As you approach the center of the Cosmos, interplanetary distances can become as small as two hours of Warp 6. The Cosmos has travel guides on all civilized planets and that includes a brief history and what kind of trade goods they'd be looking for."
"That'll be a big help for us when we want to set up some trade relations," Winnie said. "Can we travel faster than Warp 6, Galahad?" 
"The 52 can cruise at Warp 8. It will max out at Warp 9.8 and I wouldn't want to push that speed for long."
"Do you think that William could pop us over Warp 9.8?"
"The theoretical upper limit is Warp 9.9. I've never heard of any planet surpassing that. It would have been mentioned in the war games that we went to."
"I bet William could beat 9.9."
Galahad disagreed. "Not with the solar powered engine design that we have. Traveling at warp speed means that the ship is bombarded by radiation. Even if you did manage to exceed the upper limit, the people inside the ship could be glowing red when you come out of it."
"So, it's not only the engine he'd need to rework, but the material making up the shell of the spaceship as well?" 
"Right," Galahad confirmed.
"What about trading with the vegetable planet that you found, Shields? It's pretty close to Earth. They might enjoy chocolate."
 "I don't know anything about that one." 
"I know a bit," Winnie admitted. "It started out with humanoids eating vegetables but the vegetable rebelled when they became sentient. The planet went through a long history when the vegetables hunted and barbecued the humanoids. Now, they've reached civilized status and they do have an active trade portfolio."
"What vegetable are they?" Shields asked. 
"Mixed greens I think. The power is held by the Brussels Sprouts."
"OK, you had me going for a bit."
"I've always hated Brussels Sprouts. It must be part of our DNA history to hate them. I used to roll them off my plate when nobody was looking and stomp on them. Shields, you will have to do the negotiating."
"Does Winnie have these crazy spells often, Galahad?"
"Sometimes. It's supposed to be a form of mortal humor."
"Have you heard my Monty Python voices? Those are funny!"
"I'm leaving now, Galahad. You're on your own," Shields warned.
 # # # # # # # #
Sunday. Winnie and Shields were sitting in the boardroom playing a game of rummy that neither was particularly interested in. Galahad was doing something mechanical somewhere in the ship. He said that he wasn't interested in games that didn't have poker chips attached to them.
"Would you show me how to operate the lifeboat?" Winnie asked. "It's not particularly difficult, is it?"
"No. You'll need half an hour of instruction and then guided practice in setting courses and navigating. How much about the lifeboat do you want to learn?"
"All of it. We should aim for coming back to the 52 for dinner."
"I'll let Galahad know what we're doing."
 # # # # # # # #
"We've covered everything you would need to know if you were alone on Angelion and had to return to the ship. I haven't covered how to seal the lifeboat to the 52 but I'll do that when we're finished here. Do you want to return to the ship now?"
"A few question more. Is the lifeboat always in invisible mode?"
"When it's away from the ship, yes. If it's docked in the ship, no. This green button turns it on and off."
"How would I find an invisible lifeboat if I were alone and it was hidden somewhere on Angelion that I didn't know about?"
"Let me back you up a bit. Our ships and lifeboats are always locked when we are away from home. All military angels have an embedded body chip that will unlock a ship's door and airlock. We don't use physical keys. They are too easily stolen or copied. When a crew member approaches the ship, that internal chip will vibrate. You'll feel it. The chip will also set off a flashing light in the ship's command center to indicate that a crewmember is approaching. "
"Lifeboats?"
"Same principle. The chip will unlock the lifeboat automatically when you are next to the boat. Since the lifeboat might be invisible and difficult to find, the chip is much more sensitive. If you have only a rough idea where it is hidden, you'll find it."
"I haven't felt any vibrations."
"Technically, you're not on the ship's duty roster. I'll change that. Are you ready to go back to the ship?"
"Do I need to know anything else in case of emergency?"
"What's up Winnie? If there's trouble in Romance Land, it's none of my business. Don't tell me." 
"It's not that. Did you notice Galahad's reaction to my Brussels sprouts story?"
"He didn't react at all. He hardly said anything."
"Exactly. When the two of us are relaxing together, one of us might start some stupid story, and the other would extend it and we'll go back and forth making things up. Nobody else would ever see that side of Galahad, but he can be quite funny. I deliberately gave him an opening but he didn't take it."
"I was there with you. Perhaps, he didn't want me to see that side of him."
"I don't think so. Both Galahad and I think of you as family. We don't feel the need to disguise ourselves when you're around."
"That's nice of you to say that. So why are we hiding out here in space?"
"Galahad knows something and he's not sharing it with me."
"Something dangerous to you?"
"I don't think so. I've been on him about not protecting me. I think he gets it. I don't feel that he's protecting me this time. But something is up." 
"He would become quiet before the war games."
"I think he and Ritchit know what's going to happen soon. He came back from that meeting quiet. Normally, he's quite talkative about his chats with Ritchit."
"Could he be mentally preparing himself for something that will stress him badly?"
"Yeah. I'd buy that. I think that he's preparing himself to be cold and not to react emotionally. He has his soldier face on now."
"What should we do?"
"He knows what's coming. He'll be prepared. We do whatever he asks us to do."
"And in the meantime?"
"Galahad and I have been in the 52 alone when we were delivering medical supplies. If something incapacitated him, I wouldn't even know how to radio for help. Would you teach me how to handle the 52 in an emergency so that I could return to Heaven on my own if I had to?"
"You have a premonition?"
"I don't know. It just seems to be prudent thing to do." 
"We can start tomorrow after the secret lunch is over."

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 30

The private lunch in the Commission of Interplanetary Relations building was coming to an end. Dishes had been cleared off the tables, and coffee was being sipped. Other than Galahad, Shields and Winnie, no outsiders were in the room when Dr. Ling stood up and rapped his spoon against his cup. When the conversations in the room ground to a halt, Dr. Ling continued. "As is our custom, I will be organizing a lottery tomorrow, the proceeds to go towards our usual priorities. If you will join me in the adjoining room, you will be able to select a ticket. We'll use the normal procedures for collecting prizes starting tomorrow morning."
 The diners stood and surged towards the adjoining room, which now had its door open. Our three extraterrestrial invisible spies held back and were the last ones into the room.
Dr. Ling was holding a wicker basket above his head. Members were in a loose line in front of him. The first person dipped a hand into the basket, fished around a bit, and then withdrew a slip of paper. He stepped forward into the empty part of the room, looked intently at the paper, and then left by the same door he had entered. On the way out, he dropped the slip of paper into a wicker basket that Fridal was holding. The next person in the line, ..... etc. Ling and Fridal were the last two to pick. 
"I'll stay with Dr. Ling," Galahad said. "Winnie and Shields, go with Fridal. If he hands that basket off to anybody, one of you should follow the basket. Find out what's on those slips of paper. We'll meet at the lifeboat." 
 # # # # # # # #
Galahad was the last to arrive at the lifeboat, said nothing, and proceeded to lift off for the Angelion.52. On the way, Shields arched an eyebrow question to Winnie who shook her head negatively. When they had docked successfully, Galahad held up a hand as the two women stood up.
"Shields, do you have your emergency rucksack in the lifeboat?"
"Yes. It's right next to yours."
"Winnie, where's your collection of drones?"
"In the lifeboat too."
"What was on the paper slips?"
"The numbers 1 to 30," Shields replied. "It looks like a real lottery."
"Nothing else?"
"No." 
"Did Fridal do anything out of the ordinary, Winnie?"
"No."
"You know Harry the Dolphin, right? Joe-Joe mentioned that you had met him when his vessel rescued us."
"I know Harry. He's been giving me information on trade."
"Good. You have to leave now and bring the Cops of the Cosmos back with you. You're the only one that can approach Harry with credibility. Shields will take you to his ship. Make no communication transmissions on the way there, Shields. Winnie, tell Harry what we know."
"What will you be doing?"
"Collecting incontrovertible evidence. If he wants to see for himself, he should be orbiting out of range of Angelion's sensors by Thursday night."
"He can't leave his pool, Galahad."
"Then there's no rush, but caution him to stay out of Angelion's sensor range. I have the lifeboat and can dock with their vessel after Friday night."
"OK." 
"You're not going to argue about this?"
"No. I won't add to your stress. Plus, you're right that I am the best one to talk to Harry."
 # # # # # # # #
The red light in Zelda's apartment was flashing when she returned to her suite. She left the suite, walked down the flight of stairs, entered the boardroom, and sat down in a devil-sized chair. Asmodeus came into the boardroom minutes later. 
"It's Friday. Will you be assassinating the governor's wife tomorrow or Sunday?"
"No. I can't find out where they will be."
"Can you not just walk in and ask to see her? Tell her that you have an emergency. She'll meet with you."
"Don't you want me to escape too? After all, I have twenty-nine more mortals to kill after her. My escape has to be built into my plan and I can't plan if I don't know for sure where and when I can meet her privately."
"You're making excuses."
"I can't just disappear like you. I can't walk through walls. I have a mortal body."
"I'll put you in a devil body."
"That body comes with a smell. Are you sure you want to do that?"
"You are impossible! Follow me!"
 # # # # # # # #
"Are all thirty out of their caves now?"
"No. Some are very scared of their new surroundings. They stay in the caves all the time. The others bring food back for them."
"These vegetables are cringing against the walls of the cavern. You've made them scared as part of your counseling." 
"No, I haven't."
"You lie."
"Scaring them would make their lives worse. You know that I can't do that."
"I warned you about stalling."
"It's been less than two weeks since we last talked. I can't control what the governor and his wife do."
"That one," Asmodeus pointed. "Bring it here."
"No. You can't do this."
"Who's going to stop me? You?" 
"You're not allowed to kill mortals!"
Senior devils are very big. They aren't so good squeezing into tiny caves, but they can cover open ground quickly. Two seconds later, Asmodeus was holding a spawn over his head, one second later its body was crushed again a rock wall, two seconds later, the broken body was lying on the ground. By then, the other spawn had fled into the caves. 
"You killed him, not I," Amadeus said to his daughter. "That thing's death is your responsibility. You can dispose of it. I'll be back here a week Monday and another spawn will die. You know what you have to do to stop that from happening." 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 31

Shields made the trip to Harry's Enterprise.3 in six hours. Winnie was allowed through the airlock, but Shields had to wait on the 52. Winnie found her way to the sterile rectangular box and spoke immediately when Harry's white box said "Hello Guinevere."
"Harry, we know what has been happening on Angelion and why. Galahad is recording evidence right now that the Angelion public will not believe unless they see it happening in front of their eyes. He'll turn that evidence over to you when you get there." 
"You look angry," Harry said.
"I know what he's recording. Shields and I figured it out on our way here. He didn't want to tell us. It's really bad."
"Does your shipmate Shields know anything that you don't?" 
"No."
"Let's not jeopardize your status with us then. Tell her to dock the 52 in Heaven. I'll ask Brunhilda to join us here via your portal. I'll need to talk with her."
 # # # # # # # # 
"While we're waiting, tell me briefly what the Angelion public will not believe."
"The twenty most powerful and wealthy angels on their planet are taking turns right now raping a young woman over the course of the three days of her curse. The young woman won't remember the assaults, so they will get away with it. Galahad will know how they manage to do this and is recording it. This has likely been going on for a very long time. I suspect it's the reason that they planet has made no effort to solve the curse. It's also the reason they tried to kill me because if I cured the curse, they'll have no more rape lotteries."
"How's the cure going?"
"We've found a cure. Our friends on Angelion are keeping that success a secret for now." 
 # # # # # # # # 
"Brunhilda, I'll take the Enterprise.3 to Angelion today and pass Guinevere's report to the Cosmos' Department of Justice when I'm within range. Guinevere, they'll use your report to guide their own investigation."
"How long will that take?" Brunhilda asked.
"One to two weeks. We know now there is contagion on Angelion, but we don't know its depth. We will leave the twenty angelion men in place until the justice in charge of the inquiry is satisfied. She calls herself Justice. When it's time to arrest them, cops from other humanoid planets will be available to pick them all up at once. I'll question them under the truth ray here in the ship. In situations like this, Justice brings all the inhabitants of a planet to one central spot at the end of the investigation to hear her decisions. Since Heaven could be impacted by Justice's rulings, you will be allowed to take a small delegation to the event, but you cannot be seen. Guinevere, you can use the portal outside to return to Heaven now." 
Harry and Brunhilda watched Guinevere leave the sterile room and waited for the door to click shut.
"Will you or Guinevere be going to Angelion?"
"Guinevere will continue to be our lead representative. Shields and Galahad will accompany her. However, Galahad is stuck on a lifeboat orbiting Angelion. Should we pick him up?"
"I understand that he's quite close to the former commodore."
"He is."
"When I receive his evidence, I'll suggest that he stay with the commodore as a security measure. Heaven will have to make certain decisions about the future. These will involve interplanetary issues. Will you leave those decisions in Guinevere's hands?"
"She will lead us."
"She's rather young for this kind of responsibility, don't you think?"
"Yes. She has already decided to donate the curse's cure to the women of the planet for free. That tells me something."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 32

While Winnie and Shields were waiting for Harry to call them to Angelion, they were working on the chocolate trade. Heaven's agricultural experts had designed the kind of cacao harvester they would need and had a working prototype. Shields transferred six trees from Earth to Heaven and it worked perfectly. They replaced the machetes or sticks with a claw that grasped the pod, lasered the pod off the branch and deposited the pod in the harvester's basket. Right now, Shields was operating the machine by hand and it worked reasonably well. Next, the computer scientists would add artificial intelligence. They gave Shields a two week target.
While that project was in progress, the agricultural experts were building a system of tools that took the beans and made them into liquid chocolate. This would probably require a large manufacturing plant with multiple stations all linked together with conveyer belts from the Sorting Station. The prototype might be fully constructed in a month.
 # # # # # # # # 
Back on Earth, Maddy was fully involved in the university baseball season. Double headers were scheduled every weekend. So far, the Sun Devils were undefeated. Maureen was not playing as a starting pitcher, which had been her position in Tempe. Now, she was playing full time as the team's starting catcher. This would triple her times at-bat. If the game got close, she'd take the mound and close out the game. 
With Winnie busy elsewhere, Maddy made sure that she visited home each week, but the baseball schedule dictated that the visit had to be Wednesdays. It was on this Wednesday that Mac asked her if she'd like to tell Stook about the Arizona operation. He had heard some rumors about the Arizona governor disappearing and was wondering if the Wilizy had been involved. Stook had been interested in her baseball career, and this way Maddy could talk about that with him too. Stook and Sheila had a very busy weekend, but were planning an intimate dinner alone on Saturday night, November 13. All Maddy had to do was give her name to the security station at the gates to Government House at about 6 pm and somebody would take her to their personal quarters. 
Bean looked like she had ingested a beach ball and so Maddy spent most of this Wednesday with her and Cowboy. Bean was so thin everywhere else and her belly was so large that Maddy spent most of the evening rubbing Bean's back and listening to the achievements that the unborn sadist had already inflicted on his mother by kicking her gut from the inside. When Maddy returned to Tucson, she looked at her own belly, put a scrunched up blanket that approximated the size of the sadist under her shirt, and looked in the mirror. Any boy that touches me, dies became her sworn oath for her 14th year. 
 # # # # # # # # 
Saturday evening, Maddy was brought to a small anteroom in front of the doors to the Governor's quarters. The guard indicated that the governor and his wife were wrapping up a meeting behind another set of doors and would be coming out in about 15 minutes. The conference was running long. Maddy wandered around, there being no seats or benches. 
Maddy was looking at some artwork on the walls when she noticed the figure of another guest walking towards her. She saw no security person accompanying her, so that must mean that she worked here. Maddy watched as she approached. She didn't have anything else to do. 
"I know you," Maddy exclaimed as the other visitor drew near. "You're the counselor in Cleveland. My sister and I talked with you."
"Oh?"
"I'm Maddy. My twin sister is Karita. You helped us a lot."
The guest stared back and said nothing. 
Could Maddy be wrong? She saw a big woman, black hair cropped tight to her head, strong shoulders, old fashioned black pant suit in an extra large size, white blouse, in her 30s, pretty face. Yup, definitely the counselor.
"We never did get your name," Maddy said and extended her right hand.
The counselor took her right hand out of her suit pocket and extended it. "My name is Zelda."
The handshake was quick. Maddy was wearing her best clothes which were a frilly black sleeveless party dress, hose, half heeled black shoes, and a white shawl. Actually, the dress was Mac's. Maddy was under strict instructions to return it in the same condition as she had borrowed it. Normally, Maddy wouldn't have been caught dead in a party dress like this, but she was making an exception for Stook and Sheila. And just because she would feel naked without them, she had two knives strapped to her thighs under the dress. The shawl had metallic filaments running through the length of it. Small heavy weights were sewn into both ends of the shawl. She could choke an enemy with the shawl filaments or knock him out by whipping the ends. The knives offered her many way of killing an assailant. Stabbing, throwing, and slicing were just the obvious.
"Why are you here?" Maddy asked.
"I work for Sheila. I'm here to have a quick chat with her."
"She and Stook are in a conference. They'll be out soon."
That news seemed to distract Zelda. She put her left hand into the left suit pocket, fiddled around in it, and then removed her hand, apparently reassured. "How do you know the governor?"
"They are friends of my family. They invited me to dinner. We're going to talk about baseball and some other things."
At that point, the conference doors opened, and about a dozen men and women streamed out. All were dressed in business attire. Stook and Sheila accompanied the last man out. Stook was talking with him and shaking his hand vigorously, Sheila was scanning for Maddy.
 "Zelda!" she exclaimed. "What a surprise. What are you doing here?"
"I need a minute or two of your time. Could I talk with you now?"
"I can give you more than a minute. Come and have dinner with us. We have plenty. I see you met Maddy. Hi Maddy. Good to see you. I think you'll have to fight off the boys with that outfit."
"I've made a solemn vow that no boy will touch me and live."
"That's nice." Sheila's mind was obviously elsewhere. Stook was alone now. She put one arm inside his arm and linked her other arm to Maddy. She steered the trio towards the entrance to their private quarters. "Zelda is going to join us for supper, Stook."
"That's nice," Stook said. His mind was dwelling on his conversation with the last guest. 
Zelda put both hands into her jacket pockets and pulled out two syringes. It was now or never. She raised both hands into a stabbing position and then called out Sheila's name. All three turned to look at her as Zelda attacked. 
Attack might be the wrong word. Zelda moved forward into striking distance one micro inch at a time. Slugs could slime forward faster. Maddy had somewhat quicker responses. A chop to Zelda's left wrist caused one syringe to fall. A similar chop on the other side had similar results. By this time, Maddy was nose to nose with Zelda and then Zelda's nose fell to the ground. The rest of her body preceded the nose thanks to a back heel that caused her to trip backwards. By the time Zelda bounced of the floor, Maddy was straddling her body and she had returned to a nose on nose position. 
Then it was back to business. The sensation of the sharp point of a knife pressing against an artery in her neck caused Zelda to swallow a lot. 
"Don't move. My mom will kill me if I get your blood on her dress," Maddy advised. Her peripheral vision saw Stook moving toward the nearest syringe. "Don't touch that syringe, Stook. It'll have poison in it."
Maddy had forgotten that Stook was an ex-lawman. He certainly would not be touching any evidence. "Actually, the syringe is empty," he observed from a squatting position next to it.
"Kill me," Zelda said. 
In their astonishment, nobody moved.
"I tried to assassinate both of you. Kill me!"
 # # # # # # # # 
Winnie had reacted quickly to Maddy's emergency call, and was facing Stook and Sheila. "Maddy and I will take care of Zelda. For now, pretend that nothing happened here. You had a nice meal with Maddy. That's all."
"Baseball is going great. The Arizona governor was staked out in the desert because he was a traitor." Maddy summarized their pretend dinner conversation.
"Traitor?" Sheila asked.
"He was a University of Texas football fan."
"That makes sense," Stook said.
"Not to me." Sheila countered. 
"It's similar to why John Elway had to flee Colorado. He was hiding a deep dark secret that was highly offensive to the voters. [#17. Nice Birthday Party, Governor.] Will you need any help from me, Winnie?" 
"I'll let you know if I do. The company that I work for has been looking for Zelda for some time but not because she's a villain. She's more like a witness."
"When did you become so lethal, Maddy?" Sheila asked.
"I hate wearing a dress. The stress was too much. I kinda lost my mind."
 # # # # # # # # 
Winnie and Maddy were now in the Tucson apartment. Zelda was still unconscious from the nerve jab that Maddy had used to put her out in Denver and was sleeping in the spare bedroom. Karita had arrived from Heaven, her interrogator skills raring to go. Maddy had explained what happened in Denver as soon as she arrived. 
"I want to talk to Zelda first," Winnie explained. "After that, we'll leave Karita to pull out the reasons why she pretended to be an assassin. Maddy and I will be out here in the living room so that we won't be a distraction." [That was the official reason why Karita wanted to be alone with her subject when she was interrogating. The real reason was that Karita was still hiding her hypnosis skills from everybody but Maddy.] 
"Maddy, can you wake her up?"
Turns out Maddy could. 
"Zelda, my name is Winnie. You already know Maddy and Karita. You're in a hiding place on Earth. We know that you live in Hell. We know that you haven't done anything wrong. We know that you have helped the SOADs. We know what happened to Cooper Rivera, Ambrose Murphy, and Neil Gorman. We know what they were. We know that you tried to assassinate two of our friends in Denver, but did it in such a way that you'd be caught. We want to know why you acted that way. We want to know why you pleaded for Maddy to kill you. Be honest with us and we may be able to help you."
 # # # # # # # # 
Karita didn't need her hypnosis skills. If she had been taking notes of the interrogation, she wouldn't have been able to keep up. Fortunately, Winnie always travelled with drones. 
The interrogation complete, Zelda was in the bedroom, polishing off a take-out pizza. Maddy, Karita and Winnie were in the living room. 
"I think she told me everything," Karita reassured.
"I've never heard of somebody selling their soul to the devil," Winnie confessed. 
"A wizard named Faust made a pact to serve Satan in exchange for power and renown in the middle ages," Karita explained. When both Maddy and Winnie looked at her incredulously, she added, "It was in one of my literature courses."
"Did she say anything about having a copy of the contract, Karita? "
"No. I'll ask."
...
"Her copy is in her apartment in Hell."
"Yuck. About the caves holding the rest of the SOADs - are those the twelve caves near FeroCity where the older SOADs were living?"
"Yes" 
"That's good news then. She doesn't know that Asmodeus didn't have anything to do with Satan's announcement that devils couldn't have forced sex with mortal women any longer."
"Who was responsible?" Maddy asked.
"Satan made the ruling, but Heaven forced him to."
"I don't think we should tell her that," Karita suggested. "It would make her feel that her sacrifice of selling her soul was wasted."
"Good point. It's important though. I gotta get that in somehow."
"Do you know what we're going to do already?" Maddy asked. 
"I know what to do about the SOADs. I have to talk to Reese about Zelda."
"Will we be involved?" Maddy spoke for herself and Karita.
"The two of you will be going to Hell. The timing could be tricky. First things first."
 # # # # # # # # 
"Zelda, I think we can help you," Winnie provided some optimism. "But I will need a copy of the contract. Can you get that for me?" 
"Asmodeus doesn't know that I was in Denver on Saturday. I have until Sunday to kill them. Generally, I can go in and out of my apartment without him knowing. If he sees me in Hell on Sunday, I'll just say that I am on my way to Denver now."
"Can you return to Tucson?"
"Yes."
"When you have the contract, return to Tucson and come back to the apartment. Karita will be here and will let you in. Maddy, please ask Stook to make a public announcement on Sunday night that he and Sheila were almost killed by a member of their staff. Fortunately, his security team caught the woman. She was badly wounded and is receiving medical care at a facility that has the capacity to treat her wounds. He and Sheila were unharmed but they are adding further security in case there is another attempt. Anybody who can shed light on the reasons for this attack is asked to contact the governor."
[Do you want me to guard her to Hell and back?]
[Good idea Karita, but put Cassie and Paula on that. Less risk.]
 
Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 33

Zelda has been living in Tucson for three days now. Winnie has been busy trying to finish the planning for what she was now calling Operation Asmodeus. This was complicated by having to move that operation along quickly before Daddy Asmodeus executed the rest of the SOADs. She also had to do something about Daughter Asmodeus. Tucson as a hiding place wasn't going to cut it. Zelda was too noticeable with her size and shoulder demons could soon be looking for her. 
Meanwhile, Harry had informed Winnie that she should return to Angelion soon. The Cops of the Cosmos were finishing up their investigation and Winnie would want to see that. Plus, Galahad was trying to fly around the planet without a ship and without success. 
 # # # # # # # # 
"Who will run the operation while you're away?" Guinny asked Winnie.
"Paula. She's very sensible. Yesterday, she managed to take pictures of all of the SOADs without revealing herself. Cassie was there if she needed help."
"Did Zelda put names on all the pictures?"
"Yes. That's the last thing we were waiting for. Karita will be able to call the SOAD's by name now."
"Who's going to Hell with Paula and Karita?"
"Cassie for short range surveillance. Meghan will be long-range surveillance at the PUS station. If Asmodeus appears, she'll be able to warn Paula without raising suspicions. Maddy is there in case they run into trouble."
"What are the chances Asmodeus will kill all the SOADs?"
"Slim, I think. I asked Stook to make the following announcement: The staffer who attempted to kill the state's First Lady is recovering from her injuries. She has claimed that she had a black out from something that she ate and doesn't remember a thing. She had been a well-liked staff person and it's entirely likely that she will be granted bail until such time as the Denver's sheriff office can decide if they want to lay charges or not. Nobody was hurt in this incident other than the staffer." 
"That'll buy you some time. Anything else I need to know?"
"I don't think so. Joe-Joe messaged me that my package was ready for delivery to Angelion. Shields and I will arrive by mid afternoon."
"I hear that you'll be flying the 52 to Angelion."
"Who told you that?"
"Shields had a lawyer draw up a will. I'll receive all of Shields' weapons if you crash the ship."
 # # # # # # # # 
Winnie landed the invisible lifeboat in the usual place and walked into the clinic's main clearing. Galahad looked exhausted but managed to find the energy for a hug. Then he had to sit down on the ground. Winnie eye-browed a question to K-Lit who took over the welcome hugs and whispered Later into her ear.
Shields was also greeted with enthusiasm when she announced, "I have a full cargo hold with crates and crates of pills."
"I'll organize the work detail," Ritchit said and proceeded to do that. Galahad tried to join in but the commodore ordered him to check the neatness of his bunk in the cabin. Galahad trudged away to do that.
"I have some cargo for you too, K-Lit," Winnie said. "I'll need your help."
 # # # # # # # # 
"Are you awake now?" Winnie asked the cargo.
"I think so," Zelda answered. "What have you done to me?"
"Heaven has given you an angel body. We didn't have the time to show you how to operate it. You'll have lots of time and help learning how to fly. For now, get used to walking around with me."
... 
"Your father will never find you here because we have taken you to a distant planet called Angelion. Everybody here has an angel body. Your body looks just like every other body on this planet. You will live here for a while. It will be your decision whether to stay or leave. If you want to go back to Earth, you can have your mortal body back, but I can't guarantee your safety if you do that."
"What will I do here?"
"This is K-Lit. She runs a clinic here for Angelion women who have been badly abused sexually. They have trouble coping with that. K-Lit's staff do not have the resources to care for them. They desperately need a counselor. I thought that might interest you."
 # # # # # # # # 
That afternoon, this announcement appeared on every computer screen in Angelion and remained there until the next morning. 
By order of the Cops of the Cosmos, all adult citizens of Angelion are instructed to congregate in the Zilwanda Valley bowl by 10 am. You are advised to take chairs and enough provisions for a three-hour meeting. Only angelions who are unable to travel due to illness or incapacity are excused. These citizens will be able to view the proceedings live via computer interface.
 # # # # # # # # 
Later that evening. Zelda had taken her first flying solo and had announced that she wanted time to think. That gave K-Lit the opportunity to talk with Winnie about Galahad. As soon as her intentions were clear, Shields decided to bunk down in the lifeboat. 
"He's hurting, Winnie. He had to record three days of sexual abuse and could do nothing to stop the assaults. He wanted to be able to say that he had witnessed every minute so that there'd be no accusation that the recording had been falsified. As soon as he turned the recording over to a Cop of the Cosmos, he went for a fly. The next day, he flew further. The next day, he flew further. He's flying himself into exhaustion."
"He's exhausting himself so that he can forget what he saw. He has a way to de-stress back home, but I don't know if it would work for three days of sexual assault running through his mind. When I left, I knew that he was already preparing himself for something. I didn't know how bad it would be."
"He told us a bit of what he saw. We didn't know what to say to him. Now we know why some women of the planet are so traumatized. They may have had no memories, but I know that some of them had dreams that I couldn't decipher. Now I know what they were trying to forget." 
"The Cops are here. There will be consequences and Galahad will see what happens to them. Do you think that will help him?"
"Perhaps. You can probably help him by being with him, holding his hand."
"Where does he bunk? Winnie asked."
"In a tent. I'll take you to him."
 # # # # # # # # 
 The inside of the tent was dark. The lights outside the tent revealed two silhouettes. One was lying on a bed. The other was sitting on the side of the bed. 
"You've had a very traumatizing time, Galahad. Anybody would be sickened by what you saw. You are not weak for having these emotions. If you didn't have these emotions, you would be like Dr. Ling." 
"Mumble, mumble."
"Of course you'll get better. These angels will be punished and, after that, your memories of what they did will recede. It wasn't your job to punish them. You were entirely right to stay hidden. What they did to those women is not something that you could have stopped legally. Remember, this is not your fault, Galahad." 
"Mumble, mumble."
"Don't be so hard on yourself. Only a robot could have done what you did and not be affected."
"Perhaps we should come back later," K-Lit suggested. 

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 34

At 10 am, as the mass of angels settled back into their portable chairs on the prairie ground of Zilwanda Valley bowl, a bright multi-colored light exploded in the air. Angels raised their hands to protect their eyes. The light began to pulse, almost as though it were a living heart. The brightness faded and the sky throbbed. That same throbbing light appeared on every electronic screen in the planet. A female voice spoke. "I am the light that will lead you to the truth. I am Justice."
Well, that certainly got their attention. On a gentle slope above the Zilwanda Valley bowl, an invisible Winnie was paying a lot of attention. That bright throbbing light was my idea, she thought. I said that I am the light that will lead you to the truth. Winnie had indeed dreamt up that bright throbbing light watching over planets. She called herself Truth. [Trial by Nick, #11] This light called herself Justice. Winnie was accompanied by Galahad and Shields who knew nothing about Winnie's previous attempt to be a bright light. 
"I bring you some good news. Scientists in another world have developed a simple cure to what women here in Angelion refer to as the curse. Shortly, this three day period of madness for women will be controllable, if not eliminated completely. This cure was made possible by a female from another world who decided that she would search for a solution on your behalf." This last sentence was drowned out by the roar of approval from every woman on the planet. 
Justice paused for the applause to die down. She noticed that this enthusiasm did not extend to the males, but said nothing. 
"I also bring you bad news."
[I am pausing the story so that my female readers can continue cheering.]
"Inhabitants of Angelion, you are fortunate. You have a planet with a clean atmosphere and ample water. Your planet has vast areas of fertile soil that allow you to grow food that not only eliminates any risk of you starving to death, but it also allows you to trade for other goods that you don't have. Angels live longer lives than most other people in the Cosmos. You are not subject to life ending diseases or epidemics. Your hospitals need only treat you for sprains and minor injuries. You are one of the few species in the Cosmos that can fly. This eliminates any possible contagions that can hurt your environment through vehicles that other planets must employ to move around the planet. And now, the biggest threat to your happiness has been removed by another planet. It wasn't a DNA problem. It was a blood problem that you could have fixed on your own if you had tried. You simply didn't try."
"As members of a civilized planet, you know the benefits of being part of the Cosmos. Warfare between planets does not exist any longer. This has lead to free trade and economic prosperity for all planets. Thanks to the Cops of the Cosmos, piracy in space has been stamped out. Thanks to the truth ray, serious crimes such as rape and murder can be prosecuted with guaranteed justice for all criminals no matter how powerful they may think that they are. Individual rights and freedoms are required as part of the constitutions that all planets must adopt in order to be accredited as a civilized planet." 
"In order to maintain all these benefits for all civilized planets, the Cops of the Cosmos are diligent in investigating complaints or possible infractions of a planet's constitution. When they find evidence of significant failure to respect constitutional guarantees, they can call on members of the Cosmos' Justice Department to investigate. The Cosmos' Justice Department has received such complaints about Angelion. Members of the Justice team have been observing your people and institutions for the last week. In addition, the Cops of the Cosmos have identified over fifty angels who have been found guilty of abominable conduct, as has been confirmed by the truth ray. Cosmos leaders have reviewed the charges that I will make and have approved the verdicts that I will announce today."
"Twenty male angels, reflecting the uppermost strata of wealth and power of your planet have been found guilty of numerous rapes. We have a video recording of three days of rape of a single Angelion woman. We have verified that this recording is legitimate and has not been fabricated. Here's how these twenty angel planned their assault on that single woman."
"Some time in the last six months, the planet's Chief Medical Officer, Doctor Ling, met with a woman who had come to the hospital for care during her curse. He installed her in a room on an empty floor of the hospital. He used a lottery to determine the order in which he and his cohorts would assault the defenseless woman. As you know, she would not remember whatever happened during those three days and so could not complain. Each of the twenty angels had two hours alone with the woman. These two-hour slots had been pre-scheduled so that no hospital staff could interfere. All members of this lottery had keys to an emergency exit door that allowed them to reach the empty floor without being observed. These lottery-based assaults have been going on for at least a century. Justice investigators have identified thirty additional angels who had participated in previous lotteries but were not currently part of the favored group of twenty. I will now read out the names of all the angels that I have charged with aggravated rape. This is a crime against your planet's constitution." 
[My readers do not need to know the names. You do need to know that with each name, an angel appeared floating about thirty meters in the air above the crowd. That angel was bound in such a fashion that he could not fly away. Justice mentioned the rape had occurred in the previous six months so that the identify of the victim on the recording could not be determined.]
"I warn you that this video is very disturbing to watch. I will fast forward through a single day of assaults so that you will get a taste of how abominable this crime was." 
...
For a valley holding Angelion's entire population, the Zilwanda Valley bowl was eerily quiet. 
"I have found these fifty angels to be guilty of the charge of aggravated rapes. My verdict is: The accused will die from a fall from a great height. This is a natural fear for all angels. Their fall will be fatal. I hereby order their execution."
Most of the angels rose slowly in the air. Being bound meant that they were lumps of feathers that fell quickly to the ground. Their mouths were not gagged. Their screams of fear were blood curdling. Those screams echoed from one valley wall to the other. Justice waited for the angels sitting in the bowl to look up again. 
...
"Three additional charges have been levied against the members of this group who you can see are still alive. I charge them with attempted murder of the crew of another planet's space ship by installing two bombs that would detonate as soon as the ship went into warp. I also charge them with engaging in an act of war since the destruction of that space ship was an attack against the planet that owned the space ship. I also charge them with the attempted murder of one of your esteemed citizens, Commodore Ritchit. All of these actions were taken to prevent information about their rapes from being revealed."
The angels floated higher into the sky until they were mere dots in the sky. "Execute the verdict," Justice ordered.
 # # # # # # # # 
"The bodies have been removed. You should sit down again. I have other charges."
"For centuries, Angelion has been serving as the host planet for an entity that is known as Heaven. Heaven is staffed by angels who are attempting to guide the planet Earth into civilized status. This arrangement is not unusual. In this case, Angelion receives annual revenue from the Cosmos that will assist Heaven in its battle against evil, as provided by the entity of Hell, as hosted by the planet of Lucifus. Angelion is allowed to divert a reasonable amount of the fees to cover its own costs. Other than setting up the original structures over six centuries ago, Angelion has provided no revenue assistance whatsoever to Heaven. Every year since they constructed Heaven's initial infrastructure, Angelion has pocketed the entire fees leaving Heaven now virtually bankrupt. This theft has affected the lives of all citizens on Earth."
"This blatant pauperization of Heaven is even more offensive when you consider that it was an angel from Heaven who initiated the discovery of the cure to your curse. I hereby rule that Angelion's theft of the fees that should have gone to Heaven disqualifies your planet from receiving any future revenue whatsoever from the Cosmos. Fees from the Cosmos to help Earth to reach civilized status will now go directly to Heaven. I also rule that since this theft has been longstanding, Heaven is eligible to claim reasonable reparations from Angelion for their unlawful theft. These reparations can take any form that Heaven wishes, although the claim has to be approved by the head of the local Cops of Cosmos station."
"Furthermore, the constitution that Angelion signed when you entered the Cosmos stipulates that all adult citizens of Angelion are deemed equal. All citizens should share in the growth of Angelion's resources and be able to participate fully in the planet's growth. The members of the Justice Department have been watching how your parliament, your government, and your major industries operate. I now accuse the planet of Angelion of being a male supremacist planet and find it guilty. We could not find a single woman in any position of authority in the offices we examined. This is blatant discrimination based on gender. This is a severe violation of your constitution. I hereby rule that the total number of women in positions of authority in these three entities combined must reach 60% within five years." 
"Furthermore, in observing your society and how citizens live, Justice Department investigators have observed that there is a small ruling class of angels who accrue great wealth from their positions within the parliament, government, and industry. They flaunt their wealth and power. I now accuse the planet of Angelion with blatant discrimination on the basis of class and find it guilty. There should be no such thing as class. All angels should benefit reasonably equally from the resources of the planet. You will do that from now on or suffer the consequences." 
"I hereby rule that all members of the wealthy class must donate their excess wealth annually. After donations, your wealth may not exceed a fixed percentage of average wealth as determined by the government of the planet. For the immediate future, some of the donations should go to the care facilities scattered around the planet that are trying to help women who have suffered from the curse. Some donations should also go to the planet's schools, which currently receive no funding whatsoever. Each year, the planet's parliament will determine the maximum wealth allowed and identify the beneficiaries of the rebalancing. Planets in the Cosmos are supposed to take care of all of their citizens. You will do that from now on or suffer the consequences." 
"Furthermore. Angelion has not been following the constitutional requirement for regular, fair elections to your parliament. Citizens have not demanded such elections, so some responsibility for this failure is yours. When you see members of your parliament enriching themselves during their tenure in parliament, something is badly wrong. I hereby accuse your parliament of violating your constitution regarding the formation of parliaments. I will give you ten years to repair this particular problem. If you fail to do that, you will suffer the consequences.""
"Furthermore, I hereby rule that your current parliament is disbanded immediately. Nobody in this parliament may run for office again." 
"Furthermore, this pattern of violations of Angelion's constitution has been so prevalent and so damaging to your citizens that I must now rule that Angelion is no longer a planet in good standing in the Cosmos. You have thirty years to regain entry into the Cosmos. During this time, you may continue to trade within the Cosmos. At the end of thirty years, if you have not abided by all of my rulings, you will be removed from the Cosmos and will not enjoy any of its privileges."
 "This is a personal observation. My rulings have been based on the assumption that some of your difficulties have arisen through the separation of the two genders due to the curse. This planet currently consists of two genders that exist in the same planet but do not interact with each other. Now that the curse is cured, you need to learn how your two genders can live together. You also need to bear children that you raise by yourself. Your children have to know who their parents are."
"Now, go home. Think about your failings. Your most immediate task is to form a new government." And with that, the light blinked out.
 # # # # # # # # 
Winnie, Galahad, and Shields stayed invisible until all the angelions had flown away. That didn't take too long. 
"Wow," Winnie wowed. "Quite the ruling. She saw all the problems. I can't think of anything that she missed."
"Heaven will receive a bucket full of money every year," Shields enthused. "That'll pay for a lot of our expenses."
"Plus, we'll receive reparations for the revenue they withheld," Galahad noted. "Any idea what we should ask for, Winnie?"
"That's not my decision," Winnie said and observed Galahad's eyes weren't dead any longer.
"But you have some ideas, right?"
"I think that we should continue to look hard at the chocolate trade. I wish I knew if there were sufficient demand."
You should find good demand. No planet in the Cosmos grows cacao trees. 
All three looked around for the body that had provided that information. 
"Winnie, are you pranking us?" Shields asked. "Have you had ventriloquism training?" 
A bright light blinked on and off again. An angel with purple feathers appeared sitting beside them. "Sorry, it took me some time to build a version of your body."
"Purple feathers?" Winnie asked.
"I do not understand why angels think that they must wear white and only white. I saw you sitting on the slope when I was speechifying. I thought I'd come over and thank you for helping out on the investigation."
"We were invisible," Galahad said.
"Not to me, you weren't. How are your stress levels now, Galahad?"
"Better. How'd you know?"
"Nobody could record that monstrosity and not be affected."
"Zelda helped me a lot."
"She wants to be called Julia from now on. She wants to have a dainty name, not a thunky name."
"I'm not even going to ask how you knew that," Winnie announced.
"Bean had a baby girl and they're calling her Zelda."
"Really?"
"You can't have too many Zeldas in the Cosmos." 
"People in the Justice Department have a sense of humor?"
"You need it in my line of work. I was telling the truth about Julia. She deserved to be saved. I have no idea who or what Bean is. The question about the outcome of an imminent birth was sitting in your mind."
"Can you make those purple feathers white?"
"Easily."
"We're heading off to K-Lit's clinic to celebrate. Thanks to you, they'll be funded. Wanna come? With white feathers, you can be from Heaven."
"I wouldn't mind. I've been looking for a chance to plant an idea in Ritchit's brain. Do you guys play poker?"
"Not against an angel who can look into my brain," Shields said.
"Does the clinic have any tin foil?"

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 35

The room was a sterile rectangular box. A simple meeting table sat in the middle of the box. A speaker nestled inside a white box sat at the end of the table. On one side of the table, a devil sat in a comfortable chair. The table surface in front of him was bare. Behind him, a locked door ensured that he could not leave. Opposite him was an empty chair with an unlocked entrance/exit door. As he watched, an angel opened the door and sat down on in the chair. She put no materials on the table. Both of them heard the door lock. They looked at each other and said nothing. 
"This mediation meeting is now called to order," a metallic voice announced from the white speaker. "It is Friday, November 17, 2094 Earth time. Present in the meeting is the male devil, Ponzi. Also present is the female angel, Guinevere. Ponzi, Guinevere is taking the place of Brunhilda. She has the authority to talk for Heaven and has been briefed on the truth ray. Either party can invoke the truth ray for specific questions but, for now, it will be turned off. Guinevere, you asked for this meeting. You may proceed." 
"Thank you. I am pleased to meet you, Ponzi. I have a number of questions to ask you that have arisen from an encounter I have had recently. But first, Brunhilda wants me to determine if Satan has made a general announcement that devils are no longer allowed to go to Earth and have sex with mortal women. I gather that this was a commitment Hell made in a previous meeting. We haven't heard if this were done or not."
"Yes, Satan made a man-pagan announcement to that effect."
"If I may pursue this further. Was it Satan who made the announcement or did an underling make the announcement?"
"Satan personally made the announcement."
"I want to fully satisfy Brunhilda's misgivings about this, so please pardon a further question. Did Satan personally prepare the message or was this done by an underling. I ask because somebody might argue in a future meeting that Satan did make the announcement but it was written by somebody else and he hadn't actually read and understood the implications of the announcement."
"I drafted the message but Satan approved it after changing a couple words and then announced it." 
"Thank you. I apologize for this, but Brunhilda is a real stickler for details. Could you repeat what you just said but under the truth ray?"
"Truth ray on Ponzi. I drafted the announcement that devils were no longer allowed to go to Earth and have sex with mortal women. Satan approved it after changing a couple words and then sent it out in a pan-pagan announcement. Truth ray off."
"Thank you. Now for the purpose of this meeting. I have a lengthy preamble. Please bear with me, Ponzi. This is information that you need to know in order to answer my questions later. "
"On Saturday, November 13, a person working for the First Lady of the Government of Colorado attacked her and Governor Stookenhap. She appeared intent on killing both of them but she was subdued before she could do that. The assailant incurred some injuries when she was subdued. While she was under restraints, the assailant made a most remarkable request of her captors. She asked that they kill her. When they didn't respond, she pleaded with them to kill her. Nobody on Governor Stookenhap's staff acted to satisfy her urging. In the following hour, Governor Stookenhap had the assailant hospitalized for her injuries and announced that an attempt on his life and his wife's life had been made. He asked for anybody who could shed light on the reasons for this attack to communicate with him. This public announcement was made Sunday night, November 14 in Denver."
"Meanwhile the governor' staff was uncertain what to do with this assailant. They sought assistance through a broad network of friends. Eventually, their request for help reached me. I adopted a mortal body and began some inquiries. I had the opportunity of meeting with the assailant and she was very happy to confess all. You may find what she confessed difficult to believe. I certainly did."
"Truth ray on Guinevere. The assailant's name is Zelda and she lived in Hell. Remarkably, she was in a mortal body and had no sulphur odor whatsoever. She claimed that she had offered to sell her soul to a devil named Asmodeus provided that Hell banned devils from making any further sexual attacks on mortal women. He agreed and he also agreed that she would be allowed to care for thirty mortals who were living on Earth and were collectively called SOADs. This acronym meant Spawn of a Devil. Most of these mortals were impaired either mentally, physically or both. They could not live on their own. Zelda was herself a spawn of a devil. Her father was Asmodeus. She lived in Hell in a mortal-like apartment inside Asmodeus' business stalactite."
"In recent months, Zelda's father put increasing pressure on her to begin contributing more to Hell. She'd still be allowed to care for the SOADs, but he wanted her to spy on the Governor of Colorado and his wife. Zelda agreed, under pressure, to take a job with the First Lady and spy on her. The intent of the spying was so that she could notify her father in time for him to send an assassin to Earth. When that didn't work, he coerced her to become that assassin by kidnapping all of the SOADs and installing them in a network of caves in a lightly populated part of Hell. When she still resisted, Asmodeus took his daughter to the cave network where he murdered one of the SOADs in front of her and the other SOADs. Please note that these SOADs were all mortals in mortal bodies."
"Forced now to make a difficult choice between saving the SOADs or becoming a murderer, Zelda devised a plan that would give her another option. She pretended to try to assassinate both the governor and his wife by injecting them with a poisonous liquid with syringes but failed to fill the syringes with poison. In addition, she deliberately made the attempt so ineptly that she was caught. Her pleas to be killed were intended to free her from her father's grasp. He had already warned her that any attempt to commit suicide would result in the rest of the SOADs being killed. She thought if she were dead, she would no longer be imprisoned in Hell and in the contract to her own father. Truth ray off Guinevere. Ponzi, a reaction?"
"Pure fabrication on the part of this Zelda person. She's a mad woman who invents wild stories about Hell." 
"Truth ray on Guinevere. I was unable to pursue any further investigation to check on her story. Admittedly, I knew that this incident would come down to a he said, she said impasse. I had commitments to attend an event in Angelion and left for that event on Tuesday, November 15. When I came back to Earth on Thursday, November 17, I was given this taped recording. I viewed it and then met with the mediator to ask for a formal meeting. He has the recording now. Truth ray off Guinevere." 
The white speaker spoke. "I have viewed the recording and judge it to be sufficiently credible for it to become part of this proceeding. Full disclosure, this recording shows mortals living in Hell. I have masked their names so that their testimony cannot hurt them. Other than that, the recording is what Guinevere gave to me." 
 # # # # # # # # 
The recording began with a view of some rock well caves. A female voice began speaking. "This is a view of a complex of a dozen small caves on the outskirts of FeroCity. I am walking into the center of the complex and you can see some mortal faces peeking out of the caves. These are all spawns of devils who went to earth and raped mortal women. There used to be twenty of them. Now there are nineteen. They are recognizing and approaching me."
The view of the camera changed to show a pair of mortal feet and the complex's rock floor. 
"[static], you know how to use cameras. Can you take my camera and help me make a story book?"
"Sure, Zelda." 
"Raise it so that it's facing me."
The camera view rose. 
"Can you see all of me?"
"Yes." 
"It's already recording. Just hold it steady."
"OK."
"You're doing great I knew you could do this."
"It's easy."
"I'm going to talk now. My name is Zelda Asmodeus and I am a mortal spawn of a devil. My mother was raped by a devil named Asmodeus. She is dead now. This storybook is intended for my father. I hope he enjoys it as much as I'm going to enjoy making it."
"Listen up, all you SOADs. I'm making a storybook. I'd like all of you to help me. One by one, I'll ask each of you to come and stand next to me and answer some questions. You'll find it easy to do. Just tell the truth. We've talked about telling the truth. You know how to do that. Some of my friends are hiding in the caves. I can see your heads peeking out. We can play hide and seek another time. For today, I'd like you to come outside, sit down, and take a turn with me making a story book. There's nothing scary about this." 
 # # # # # # # # 
"What's your name?"
[Static.]
 "What's my name?"
"Zelda."
"Are we friends?"
"Yes."
"Will you tell the truth when you answer my questions?"
"Yes."
"Before you came to these caves, were you living on Earth?"
"Yes."
"Were you happy?"
"Yes. I liked the SOAD conventions the best."
"Now you're living in Hell. Did you want to come here?"
"No."
"Why did you come then?"
"A big devil told us that we were moving. If we didn't behave, he'd hurt us bad."
"Did he show you what he meant by that?"
"He picked up [static} and swung her around upside down until she cried. She was bleeding out of her ears too. We all said that we'd behave."
"I'm showing you a picture of a devil. Is this the devil that took you to Hell?"
"Yes."
"That devil's name is Asmodeus."
"[Static], come and take a close up shot of this picture while I count to ten."
"I can count to ten."
"That would be a big help for me. Thank you."
...
"[Static,] just a few more questions. Did you see that devil again?"
"Yes."
"When?" 
"The time that you guys came to the caves. The two of you were using your outside voices."
"What did you see him do?"
"He picked up [static] and threw him against a wall. We knew that [static] died because he wasn't moving or breathing. You picked him up in your arms and carried him away. I saw you crying. We were crying too. We were going to hide in the very back of the caves if we saw the big devil again." 
 "[Static,] do you have a mom?"
"No."
"What happened to her?"
"She died."
 # # # # # # # # 
"The other twenty-eight accounts are the same with some differences in wording," the white speaker informed. "At the end of the recording, Zelda added a long static shot of a contract between her and her father in which she sold her soul as she had earlier described. I have made two copies that I will have delivered to this room during a ten-minute recess. You may consult with you superiors."
 # # # # # # # # 
"We are re-convened." This time the mediator was in the room itself. He was inside a large vat of water resting on a four-wheel dolly. A collection of wires ran from his head to a speaker attached to the vat. "You may call me Harry. What is your reaction to Zelda's recording, Ponzi?"
"I am wondering why we are here. Devils will be devils. Are we done?"
Guinevere stepped in quickly. "Do you concede that what we saw and heard in the recording happened and the recording was an accurate accounting?" 
"Yes, but there is nothing in the recording that violates our treaty with Heaven to any substantive amount."
"Do you agree that Asmodeus kidnapped thirty mortals?"
"No. He offered them a tour of Hell. We're quite happy to consider the free tour completed and will return them to Earth."
"All twenty-nine spawn indicated that they didn't want to go to Hell. Harry, is kidnapping a mortal acceptable behavior according to our peace treaty?"
"No, it is not. What Asmodeus did would be considered thirty violations of the treaty."
"What about the murder of a mortal, Harry? Would that be a violation of the treaty?"
"Yes."
"Would it be considered a serious violation?"
"Yes. Hell is not allowed to kill mortals either in Hell or on Earth. This is a fundamental law."
"Given that this particular mortal was kidnapped as well as murdered, would that increase the severity of the violation?"
"Yes."
"Do you still say that this was just a devil being a devil, Ponzi? We're talking about thirty serious violations of our treaty." 
"Asmodeus is prepared to offer an apology for his exuberant behavior. It will not happen again. If we're done, Asmodeus wants his daughter back. As per the contract that we have seen and read, she sold her soul. She might complain about how she was treated, but she was treated like a devil would be treated. She was living in Hell at the time. Heaven has to return her. Otherwise, I will lodge a complaint that Heaven kidnapped a soul that belongs in Hell."
"Let's take a close look at that contract. The exact wording of the clause that applies is this:" In exchange for Zelda selling her soul, Asmodeus agreed that he would stop devils from going to Earth and having sex with mortal women. 
"I charge that Asmodeus misrepresented himself to his daughter. Satan put a stop to this practice. Asmodeus did not stop devils from going to Earth to have sex with mortals. Ponzi, you yourself confirmed this at the beginning of this meeting. Satan and Ponzi were the only two devils involved in that announcement. Did you lie about that announcement, Ponzi?"
"No."
"Harry, let's suppose that a devil made a contract to buy a soul. If that devil misrepresented that he had kept his part of the contract when he had not, would that not invalidate the contract?"
"If I were asked to rule on that, then I would rule that the contract was null and void. Other charges might also be levied against Asmodeus."
"Such as?"
"Such as fraud, to name one."
"Interesting. Shall I ask for a formal ruling, Ponzi?"
"We will not ask for Zelda's return."
"I'm tempted to ask for a ruling. Asmodeus might have fractured other laws. Before I do that, I have a question for you, Ponzi. You've agreed that you'll return the spawn to Earth. All of the spawn are motherless. Who will take care of them?"
"Zelda."
"Why Zelda?"
"She's been caring for them for years."
"She's been doing that under a contract that is now null and void. Why would she continue to do that when in human terms, it's the father's responsibility?"
"We don't know who the fathers were."
"Yes we do. Asmodeus assumed that responsibility when he gave permission to Zelda to care for them. She was operating as a caregiver under his authority and instruction. Legally, that makes him the father."
"We don't see it that way. "
"Harry, how would you see it?"
"The case would have to be argued under mortal law. Generally, fathers that do not share the costs of raising children are considered deadbeat fathers. They can't be forced to do the job, but they can be forced to pay for the care of their offspring. Legally, it's quite possible that Asmodeus assumed the role of father when he instructed his daughter to care for them AND when he paid for it. That's a major admission that he was assuming responsibility."
 "I could ask for a ruling if you want me to, Ponzi. But that doesn't sound like a gamble you would want to make. I would ask for a ruling on the fraud charges too. What do you think I should do, Ponzi?"
 "I need to consult."
"Before you do, mortal rulings on the amount of child support that fathers must make are based on the income of the father. Am I correct that Asmodeus is one of the wealthiest devils in Hell?" 
 # # # # # # # # 
"Asmodeus will offer to support the spawn by giving them or their guardian a fixed amount annually. He does not agree that he is legally required to do this. He is doing this out of the goodness of his heart. He will do this for ten years at which time the spawn should make other arrangement." Ponzi wrote down an amount on a pad of paper and slid it across the table.
Guinevere peeked at the amount, looked closely at Ponzie's face, and slid the paper back. "Is that the best you can do?"
"Yes."
"It's not good enough. Try again."
... 
"Is that the best you can do?"
"Yes."
"It's not good enough. Try again."
...
"Is that the best you can do?"
"Yes."
"It's not good enough. Try again."
...
"Is that the best you can do?"
"Yes."
"It's not good enough. Try again."
...
"Getting close. Try again."
...
"Perhaps that figure is good enough. We will require that the SOAD receive the amount you have offered for the rest of their lives. Do you actually believe that they will be able to care for themselves after ten years?"
"We will agree. We need assurances that when a spawn dies, they are removed from the contract."
"Heaven will implant a device in their bodies that will not respond to an electronic query when they are dead. Harry, would you serve in the capacity of checking on their health? It could be done from the Enterprise.3." 
"I will serve. If I am transferred to another post, my replacement will serve. For the sake of simplicity, I will receive Asmodeus' payment and pass it on to the appropriate person or institution that is caring for the spawn."
"To where do you want the spawn delivered?" Ponzi asked. 
"Outside the London PUS station, two days from now, 12 noon."
"Are we done?" Ponzi asked. 
"We're done."
"Stay for a minute please, Guinevere. I need further information."
 # # # # # # # # 
"What did you think of Justice?"
"I was impressed. She had everything covered. She came and talked to me, Galahad and Shields afterwards. She mentioned that chocolate would be a good export for us. Apparently, no planets in the Cosmos are growing cacao trees. That information helped us make some decisions. Queen Guinevere is informing the necessary people today."
"What decisions did Heaven make?"
"For reparations, we are taking ownership of five of their advanced freighters. Included in the reparations are free and timely maintenance in their shipyards as needed. In addition, we will complete a trade agreement by which our freighters will offload chocolate in Angelion and then return to Heaven for another load. Angelion freighters will complete the trade transaction by freighting the chocolate to its destination in their ships. This agreement is mutually beneficial and they receive 30% of the contract's value."
"What about the host planet complaint?"
"Heaven is declaring our independence from Angelion, but we have indicated that we still want to associate with them. We can trade back and forth with them as much as we and they wish. We like their furniture, for example." 
"I would not like to pay poker with you," Harry admitted. "How much more could Ponzi have afforded?"
"I left him a little cushion. He had obvious tells."
 "Are you going to tell me what's really going on with the spawn? You have tells too."
"I know. I can't play poker with Galahad. He knows when I'm bluffing. We celebrated back at K-Lit's camp. Shields, Galahad, Justice, Ritchit and I played poker. Justice whipped us all and we were wearing tin foil hats."
"I'm not going to ask. Carry on."
"Heaven will put the spawn into Angelion bodies. This switch of bodies will mean they have no memory of what happened to them on Earth or in Hell. In addition, we'll give them a full set of physical and cognitive skills. As part of our ongoing trade relations with Angelion, we will ship the spawn to Angelion who will help them integrate into their society. The spawn will use Daddy Asmodeus' child support to pay their way. Later, when they don't need help, they will have his full support payment to draw on for as long as they live."
"How long does an average Angelion angel live?"
"Several centuries at least."
"Asmodeus doesn't know what you did to him. And Zelda?"
"She's now known as Julia and she's living in Angelion where Asmodeus cannot find her. She's working as a counselor, which is something that she's very good at." 
...
"What do you know about the Justice woman, Harry?"
"Humanoid origin, I hear. Why?'"
"Just curious."
"Justice is not her name, of course. All of Cosmos' investigators provide justice. Usually they call themselves Justice Harry, for example. She goes with just the title. Perhaps she doesn't want her name known. That may be why she doesn't reveal her body either."
"She makes quite the entrance."
"Yes, I've heard of the bright pulsing light. No other justices appear as a light and hide their body. Great introduction. I wonder where she got the idea for that."

Back to the Table of Contents


Books in the Wilizy series

As of March, 2021, there were twenty-nine novels in the Wilizy series. Check below to see if you've missed any. 

Book #1: I Got'cha

If you think being a teenager in today's world is tough, try being one in 2081. In Alberta's It's Only Fair society, your brain-band will zap you just for chewing with your mouth open. One boy pried his brain-band off to see what living with emotions would be like. Being chased by the entire Alberta army was bad enough. It became worse when another 15 year old kid offered to help him escape. 

Book #2: The Get-Even Bird 

Will and Izzy are forced to flee from Zzyk's army. After months away from Alberta, they fly their sailing ship into B.C. thinking that they would be safe there. Bad mistake! Izzy is captured. All Will has to do to save her life is turn himself in for a free brain-band fitting appointment. That's what happens when you wear a Zorro costume to a dance. 

Book #3: Assassination Day

A DPS technician offers to defect if the Wilizy will rescue his daughter from The Citadel – some super smart military people who are friends with Zzyk. Izzy thinks that their new recruit is an assassin, but Yollie insists that he's a decent man. Can assassins be decent men? It will take a hair-raising experience to find out. 




Book #4: Hoist the Jolly Lucas

It's bad enough that Zzyk pins the blame for two assassinations on Izzy and launches a full out assault on their home compound. But then, another enemy takes advantage of a security lapse to get revenge for a war that happened 20 years ago. The Wilizy are left reeling with two key members kidnapped and stashed where they can't be found, let alone rescued. For the family to survive, everybody must enter the battle. The story is as much about the past as it is about the present. 

Book #5: Teenage Mutant Ninja Torpedoes (Yes, this is a Wilizy book.) 

Mac disappears and doesn't want to be found. Will and Wolf use time-travel to search for her and discover secrets she wouldn't want them to know. The Alaskans attack when Will is finding out what happens to a submarine's air when it is lying helpless on the ocean floor. Between the Alaskans' impenetrable fortress and their bubblegum weapons, life is going to get a little sticky for the Wilizy. 

Book #6: Bob, the Invisible Dragon

Raging hormones as well as Raging Gardeners play key roles when young Wilizy warriors are attacked and the Wilizy's scientific marvels offer no protection. The youngsters' future will rely on a different kind of warrior protecting them. Warning: events at the end of the story will move quickly. They certainly won't drag on. 
 
Book #7: Nary, Nary, Quite Contrary

Theo and Lucas move to Toronto to live on their own. Both meet girls but neither is brave enough to introduce his new friend to the family. They wouldn't have the time anyway, what with villains trying to assassinate them and Voodoo royalty greeting them as though they were Voodoo gods. At the end of the story, Lucas receives a surprise Boxing Day gift that leaves him speechless. 
Book #8: Maddy's a Baddy

Maddy had escaped from Big Momma only to find herself all alone in the cold and begging for food in Eastern Canada. While she's trying to return to her home in Seattle, the Wilizy have their own problems. Everybody in the family is intent on bringing the judge to justice for what he did to Lucas. It would have been so easy for them to rescue Maddy, but they didn't know anything about her. 

Book #9: Bite Me! 

Spurred on by Marie's desire to eat a meal with her former slave masters, the Wilizy plan to put Safe Haven ranches out of business. In the process, they encounter two foreign assassins intent on abducting Maddy. Theo and Nary become closer but a red-eyed chaperone does not approve. The Wilizy's war with Safe Haven starts with a bang but ends with a whimper. 

Book #10: Wheelchair Moccasins! 

A 13 year old girl pretends to turn to prostitution to gain her freedom from her crime boss father. In Wilizy family news, Winnie agrees not to meddle in Mathias' love life. No, the world isn't ending, so long as you don't have a green vegetable for your name. Best advice ever? If somebody wearing moccasins and sitting in a wheelchair offers to sing you to sleep... run!

Book #11: Trial by Nick

After the Scandinavians attack their home base, Winnie develops an idea for defeating Crown Prince Wilhelm that is a dramatic departure from their normal military battles. In their personal lives, the Toronto teenagers have to become schnobs to keep their basketball futures alive, Lucas and Lylah begin dating, and two of EmmaGee's personalities leave her body. 
Book #12. Tickled Pink

A man uses his unlimited wealth and power to assault women without fear of legal consequences. If they object, he'll humiliate them publicly and ruin their lives. If they don't stand up to him, their lives as they knew them will be over. But how do you fight a man who is above the law? Here's how. The Raging Gardeners help the women while Winnie attacks him where he isn't looking. 

Book #13: Second Base

Granny and Doc enjoy a spirited life in their new Australian house while Bean has to adjust to her mother joining her in the Wilizy cadet camp. She meets a charming man with country pumpkin witticisms whose entire life is dedicated to becoming a cold blooded killer. Meanwhile, Safe Haven's impenetrable offices aren't as safe as they thought they were. 

Book #14: Old Stone Face

Bean moves to Toronto with her sheriff who takes a job as a private detective. Before long, he's trying to bring a mad scientist to justice - the same man that Winnie is after. With both the Wilizy and a countrified sheriff after the same man, you'd think he'd be easy to catch. Too bad there are no laws about a mad scientist killing twenty-one babies. 

Book #15: Remember the Halocracy

Reese finds Annika - his first, and only, girl friend. For reasons that nobody fully understands, he sort of kidnaps her but she willingly accompanies him to the far side of globe. Reese figures out later that she could be trying to seduce him when in fact, she's actually going to try to kill him. 


Book #16: Coffee Can Kill Ya! 

Convincing Paula's brother to give her a proper share of her parents' estate had seemed so easy. Turned out that it wasn't so easy after all. In the Wilizy's defense, murdering extra-terrestrials that tried to kidnap a corpse created unique challenges. To their credit, the Wilizy dealt with those. But, how do you deal with something that you can't see and don't even know exists? 

Book #17: Nice Birthday Party, Governor. 

Plot twists abound as the Wilizy take on the Colorado government and the NORAD military simultaneously. Maddy quits the cadet corp to run a secret operation that ends in a one-on-one battle. Melissa breaks Reese out of jail and Cowboy shows his dramatic talents, which do not include stripping. Winnie directs two dramatic productions but only one of these involves wearing respectable clothes. 

Book #18: The Tale of the Scorpion's Tail

The Wilizy have to neutralize NORAD's nuclear missiles while defeating their air force without causing any casualties. A special weapon (guided bird poop) will be needed. Meanwhile, Heaven's guardian angels are under attack from within. The key to success? Rescuing a gerbil imprisoned in an escape-proof cage. "Molly Moonblossom" and "Nympho Maniac" play key roles. One of these actors is Winnie. 

Book #19: Brunhilda, the Steamroller. 

Billy Bump resurfaces and plans Maddy's death. Winnie accepts a secret mission but runs afoul of Yolanda, who is sure that she has a boyfriend. Yolanda's vision that Winnie will be attacked comes true. Demonic infiltrators into Heaven escape detection when the steamroller named Brunhilda prosecutes Arthur and finds him guilty. This time, he won't be going back to guardian angel school.
Book #20: Lock Up Your Corn Starch!

While Paula, Winnie and Arthur are on a perilous mission for Heaven, the Wilizy family is trying to rescue Charlie and Sheila from prison. Wilizy forces battle demented escaped convicts intent on slaughtering innocent victims to help a brown supremacist politician win an election. If you're intent on going to Hell when you die, be sure to read this book for a preview of what's waiting for you. 


Book #21: The Champion Kisser 

Melissa's Operation Beef Jerky, featuring pragmatic momma cows and flying unbranded calves, goes after a stinky justice. In Hell, Winnie has to deal with a dead pharmacist and an asparagus-shaped devil geek in her operation against the perfume-toting, hog-riding Rat. On her side is a pussy tat named Santa Claws and a junk food eating canary that has a fatal encounter with a loaded frying pan. 


Book #22: Black Cats: Lucky or Unlucky?

Strange characters abound in this story. You'll meet a woman named Fido, a purple gnome, a mining gal that can make a cowhand vibrate, a safe-cracking masked marauder, a stinker bell, a high wire gymnast afraid of height, three hench-devils, and a devil wearing an Elizabethan ebony doublet, complete with raven black satin breeches and a heart shaped codpiece. Oh yeah. There's also a black cat. 

Book #23: Morgana Foils the Duke's Plans

In Book #23, you'll meet a zesty Zulu goddess who pulls a spear of gold out of a lake bed. An angel named Prudence has a potty mouth. A dolphin in the Cops of the Cosmos arranges for Heaven to invade Hell. Queen Guinevere meets Sir Galahad, Sir Lance Lott, and Sir Launchalot, one of whom is not gallant. The perfume toting Morgana wields a devilish weapon of mass olfaction. 

Book #24: Who Painted Lord Percy?

Book #24 asks the question: Who Painted Lord Percy? The suspects include: a dead man who hunts perverts, a condom buying female angel, the devil named Gold Pinkies, a cherry pie barfing angel, a mortal resigned to joining The Borg's beehive, a skinny-dipping ghost, a devil named Adolf Hitler, an angel who can't pucker up to kiss, and the angels who protected Christopher Columbus.

Book #25: Happy Valentine's Day

Maddy is kidnapped by a witless devil named Pig Snout who stashes her in a retail outlet in Hell. With the help of Molly Moonblossom and Fanny Fandigity, the Wilizy bring a bullying businessman to justice and do it in a dandy way. Reese enjoys Valentine's Day in a way he never expected. A new hero emerges from the Wilizy's past. It will be nigh impossible for readers to guess who she is. 

Book #26: Lights, Camera, Action

Winnie gets a new angelic body, meets an angel from the medieval era, and gets a crash course on trident-shaped spaceships. Meanwhile, Satan is planning multiple changes to Hell that will have dangerous consequences for the Cosmos as well as for all female devils. If Winnie's three operations are successful, afterlife in Hell could be less misogynistic and perhaps even entertaining. 

Book #27: Bring your PJs

Readers will witness a treacherously-honest and bigoted politician take over a government and attack a defenseless opponent without warning. [Spoiler alert: This is the dastardly villain.] You'll also see heroes perform the national chicken revolution dance, defeat cheaters in a spaceship war, survive being cursed, and sneak off for a little romance without being caught by an all-knowing deity. 

Book #28: Queen Karita's Revenge

In this book, a brown-supremacist, power hungry politician uses her drunken army to subdue Nevada and Utah. The Wilizy use 'free trade' to defeat her. Readers will also learn about a strip-teasing jail-bait assassin, underage mortals entering and leaving Hell, Molly Moonblossom at work, the word 'gazendogalapadus,' Winnie becoming a mother, and Karita's cockamamie revenge. 

Book #29: I am the Light

In this story, you'll read about an R-rated welcome home costume, a bright light that talked, Sheila' and Stook's unwilling assassin, a pregnant ghost, a horse that could whinny a song, a female starship captain that was punished for exceeding planetary speed limits, an angel with vampire teeth, and a drug boss who wore pink panties that were far too small for him. The bra fit nicely though. 

Back to the Table of Contents



About the Author

David J. Wighton is a retired educator who enjoys writing youth novels when he's not on a basketball court coaching middle-school girls. The books in his Wilizy series peek at how people lived after the word's governments collapsed in the chaos that followed the catastrophic rise in ocean levels and the disappearance of the world's last deposits of oil. 

Wighton's novels have strong teenage characters driving the plot and facing challenges that, in many respects, are no different from what teenagers face today. His novels are intended to entertain and readers will find adventure, romance, suspense, humour, a strong focus on family, plus a touch of whimsy. Wighton also writes to provoke a little thought about life in today's societies and what the future might bring. Teachers may find the series useful in the classroom and the novels are priced with that intent in mind. 
 
Back to the Table of Contents

