Ice

Copyright 2014 M.S Watson 
Published by M.S Watson at Smashwords
Cover Image © Andrey Kiselev – Fotolia.com



Smashwords Edition License Notes
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.





Chapter One
‘The world breaks everyone, and afterward, some are strong at the broken places.’
Ernest Hemingway


Thea stared out the window, clutching her sweaty hands. Jason looked over at his wife, narrowed his eyes and hissed something below his breath. It smelled of alcohol and hatred, whisked around the small space of the SUV. The vehicle revved over speed humps and came to an immediate halt at the pier.
Jason glared at his wife and leaned over to shove her door open. Cold, billowing air filled the vehicle and Thea braced against the chill. She shut her eyes, rain droplets catching on the tips of her eyelashes. Or maybe they were teardrops. Thea looked at her husband with resolve even as she shook violently.
‘Hurry up,’ he prompted in a harsh voice. ‘We’ve got to get to shelter before the hurricane hits!’ He shoved at Thea, pushing her from the warmth of the vehicle and into the pelting rain. She reached out in time to catch her daughters as he snatched them from the back seat and tossed them carelessly at her. She was surprised when the twin girls remained asleep, snoring softly. Rain and tears drenched her cheeks as she juggled the girls in her arms.
Just a week old.
‘I can’t do it,’ she whispered. She thought she would be able to do it so easily. She hated being a mother more than anything. Especially when the girls were the reason for her stretched skin and ruined relationship with her husband. But she couldn’t participate in murder.
‘If you don’t do it, I will leave you here to rot,’ Jason cautioned her. ‘It’s either me or the girls. Take your pick.’ His gaze sliced through her and she shuddered. He wouldn’t leave her there. If she didn’t do this, he would kill her and the girls. He revved the engine menacingly and she lowered her head.
‘I’ll … do it,’ she murmured, hating every word. Her feet threatened to fall out from under her as she pressed against the wind and felt Jason’s murderous gaze on her spine. It tingled as she dreaded the walk along the abandoned pier. The waves crashed onto the planks at the very end and she trembled as she approached them. Her two girls stirred in her arms, the louder of the two releasing a scream as hail began raining down on her exposed face. Thea attempted to cover her at least a little with her thick blanket, even though hail was the last thing she should be worrying about.
‘Hurry up Thea!’ Jason shouted from the car. Thea didn’t spare a backward glance. She had been suffering from post-natal depression and only now did it begin to clear. She wasn’t a murderer. Maybe if she just hid the girls somehow, she would be able to spare them until the waters cleared and people returned to the pier. Maybe being the Santa Monica Pier, she could detour around one of the buildings and find a protective alcove to hide the girls in.
She was almost to the end, watching the waves crash against the pier and high over the building at the end. She took her footfalls as slow as she dared, her eyes focused on her daughters. Their eyes were open now, identical in their light cyan colouring. They definitely didn’t get the beautiful colour from either her or their father. She smiled faintly as she met their gazes, the louder one crying while the other appeared to stare at her knowingly. She shuddered as footfalls hit the wood behind her.
‘Give them to me,’ Jason ordered as he snatched the crying girl from her. She yelled out as he sauntered toward the crashing waves and tossed the girl over, watching with satisfaction as she hit the water. She disappeared under the churning water, leaving the pier eerily silent as he reached for the second girl. Thea moved to the side, keeping her daughter from his reach. 
He sneered. ‘Don’t make this difficult.’
Thea looked down at her child as her small hands clenched and released, searching for her sister. Jason took her distraction as an opportunity in order to snatch the child from her protective embrace. Neither girl had been named and never would as he tensed his muscles and the child was catapulted into the surf.
‘NO!’ Thea screamed, trying to claw her way to her drowning girls. She’d made a big mistake by thinking she should choose Jason. He was a maniac. She was too, but not a murderer. Jason grabbed her easily and swept her over his shoulder as though she weighed no more than a feather. Her fists pumped against his back, clawing at his shirt and drawing long trails of dark liquid.
‘I don’t have time for this crap,’ he muttered under his breath as he carried his screaming wife away from the pier.

∞

Poseidon stood upon his chariot and watched as he commanded the seas to do his bidding. Amphitrite approached his side, as beautiful as the day he had married her. Her striking curvaceous figure was clad in a white dress that blended with the sea foam by her feet and her pale skin would have easily burned in the faintest sunlight had she been a mortal. She narrowed her blue-grey eyes as she peered at the churning sea, tuning into the patterns and pockets of air.
‘Something is not right,’ she murmured, her gaze fierce as she stared out. ‘Are they … infants?’ Poseidon peered out at the night before him, the waves blending with the dark of the sky. He focused his mind on the waters and found that there were two foreign bodies, thrashing in the waves. With a wave of his hand, he commanded his chariot to bring Amphitrite and himself closer, capturing two small infants within air pockets that danced through the waves. He calmed the waters slightly, using gentle currents to coax the children toward the Goddess and himself.
Amphitrite stepped forward, her bare feet shimmering where they touched the calmness of the water and she bent down to pick up the first child. Remarkably, the children appeared to be untouched by the waves. They should have drowned, sunk to the bottom of the sea but they hadn’t. Amphitrite smiled down at the child in her arms, her golden hair falling down either side of her face.
‘Humans,’ Poseidon sighed, lifting the second child from the sea. His face screwed up as he tried to put up with the loud screams emanating from the young girl. Upon hearing her sister’s distress, the girl in Amphitrite’s arms began to cry. Amphitrite began to sing, tapping into one of her few powers as a Goddess. She rocked the child back and forward, admiring the child’s innocent beauty as her eyes gradually closed. The girl with Poseidon also fell under Amphitrite’s magical voice and reluctantly drifted off to sleep.
‘What do you suppose they’re doing out here?’ she asked, turning to her husband with wide eyes. ‘They’re human infants. They’re too small and fragile.’ The girl in her arms stirred slightly, snuggling deeper into the warmth of her embrace. She tightened her arms around the small girl, feeling oddly protective of the child. Poseidon watched as she did so, feeling oddly protective as well. He looked down at the sleeping girl in his own arms.
‘We can’t very well leave them out in these waters,’ he said, curious as he observed the human girl. ‘I’m intrigued to understand what force kept them alive.’
Amphitrite looked at her husband and he sighed. He knew that expression, the one that said she wanted something no matter what he said. The one she knew would get her exactly what she wanted. She rocked the child in her arms and peered over at the girl in his arms.
‘I name her Lainie Nymphaea,’ she whispered, bending forward to place a kiss on the child’s soft forehead. The child stirred and for the first time, she didn’t cry. She stared up at the Goddess with incredibly wide eyes, transfixed by Amphitrite’s beauty. Amphitrite smiled at the child and looked at the other girl, resting in her embrace. ‘A daughter of the sea.’
She smiled at her husband. ‘I name this young beauty Iris Chassidy. As beautiful and pure as a mortal could ever hope to be.’ She kissed the forehead of Iris and watched as the two girls’ foreheads glowed slightly. Amphitrite’s magic was setting into their D.N.A. and casting a protective and powerful bond between the girls and the sea.
‘Amphitrite,’ Poseidon said suddenly. ‘You know we cannot keep them with us. They are human. Mortal. We cannot risk it.’ The Goddess cast her gaze on him fiercely in a way that he rarely witnessed. Usually she bowed down to him when he used his authoritative tone of voice. Not this time. She cast him a thin smile that revealed to him her resolve on the issue.
‘I know very well that we cannot keep the girls,’ she chastised him. ‘I’m not silly. However, I do propose that we deliver them to a safe home close by the sea. A caring, deserving family will keep watch over them until they grow old enough to decide whether they would prefer to live on the land or venture into the sea.’ Her smile vanished. ‘I’m sure that one of your nymphs would be more than happy to educate the girls when they are of age.’
Poseidon disliked it when she spoke of his illicit relationships, especially when she wasn’t in one of her forgiving moods. Which right now, she obviously wasn’t. Her hair lifted from her shoulders as her temper rose and she had to work to control it when the children began to stir. Poseidon took that moment as an opportunity in order to reply to her suggestion.
‘I will see to it that they are unharmed and well learned when the time is right,’ he told her, his voice deep. She took him in and decided that he was at least telling her the truth - for once. She cast her gaze downward at the child.
‘Iris and Lainie: daughters of the sea,’ she pondered. She looked at Poseidon suddenly with wide eyes and smiled. ‘I know the perfect place.’
Half an hour later, Poseidon and his wife were trudging up the Beaufort docks of North Carolina with the two girls asleep in their arms. The night was coming to a close and people would soon be waking. Amphitrite led the way, leaving Poseidon in suspense as he followed close behind. They hadn’t changed from their immortal clothing and had to stick to shadows in order to avoid being spotted by human eyes. Poseidon grumbled below his breath but his wife merely rolled her eyes and continued forward.
When they finally reached one of the waterfront homes, Amphitrite’s eyes scanned the numbers on each house. ‘What are we looking for?’ Poseidon demanded but she simply shushed him and continued looking. It had to be here somewhere …
There!
She quickened her pace with Poseidon close on her heels as she clambered up the short paved walkway and placed the seaweed casket containing Iris on the door mat. Beside her, Poseidon carefully placed Lainie down in her own thatched seaweed casket and stepped back with his wife. They stared down at the girls, smiling softly. These children would have a new lease on life.
‘The young couple here are infertile,’ Amphitrite explained, carefully avoiding the touch of her husband. ‘They have been trying for children for quite some time but it simply is impossible. Now they have the opportunity to take in these girls. I’ve noticed them for quite some time and have grown fond of their family. They are gentle and caring. They will make excellent parents.’
Poseidon stared at his wife with an awe-struck expression followed by grief and guilt. He regretted having cheated on her. After all, she had become his wife unwillingly and to cut her so much deeper, he had had numerous illicit relationships. He vowed then to look after the girls, seeing how important they were to his wife.
‘I promise we will give them the best life we can,’ he whispered to her. He turned to the twins and bent down. He placed a kiss on Lainie’s forehead, followed by Iris’. ‘To Lainie, I give thee a gift of persuasion, much like Amphitrite’s. And to Iris, I give thee a gift of time manipulation. You will be able to freeze time at will when you come of age.’
He rose to his feet beside his wife and placed his hand on her shoulder. ‘Eighteen years will take a long while to pass but we will visit from time to time to keep watch over them. But for now we must leave. Come now.’
Amphitrite’s eyes fell on the two girls as they slept and the porch light switched on overhead, stirring the children. She allowed her husband to drag her away from the children, her head lowered and her bottom lip jutting as she fought to keep herself from crying. She had given the girls a kiss on their foreheads, thereby giving them both a piece of herself. Now, leaving them behind, she couldn’t help but ache to take them with her. Poseidon tugged her toward the bushes.
‘Who’s out there?’ Amphitrite watched as the girls’ new father stepped onto the front porch, scanning the patio with his flash light. The children stirred under the deep tones of his voice, drawing his attention to them. He looked surprised as his wife approached from behind, placing a hand on his shoulder.
‘What’s going on?’ she asked tentatively. She peered around his broad shoulder and down at the children. Her platinum blonde hair fell around her as she bent down and stared at the seaweed baskets. Her fingertips traced the intricate details, the thatched pattern interwoven with starfish and shells. ‘This is … beautiful.’ Amphitrite blushed at the woman’s compliment. It’d been her handiwork.
‘Yeah, but creepy,’ her husband countered. ‘Who in their right mind would wrap their children in seaweed? Why not a blanket?’ The woman suppressed a sigh and rolled her eyes. She reached down and lifted Iris’ basket.
‘Well, we can’t very well leave them out here to get sick, now can we?’ she retorted, knowing that she was right. Her husband sighed and gathered Lainie’s basket.
‘I suppose you’re right,’ he muttered. ‘But in the morning, we’re going to the police and reporting this. I don’t want a law suit on my hands.’ Their chatter began to fade until they shut the door and it cut off completely. Poseidon looked at his wife softly and wiped away tears that she hadn’t realised were running down her cheeks.
Poseidon offered her a small smile. ‘Eighteen years will fly by,’ he assured her. ‘Then you will be reunited with them. I promise.’ She looked at him, the promise in his eyes and found that it was genuine.
‘How do you know?’ she whispered.
‘I’m the God of the sea,’ he replied. ‘I’m intuitive. I just know.’
Amphitrite hoped he was right.  

Chapter Two
‘A leader is a dealer in hope.’
Napoleon Bonaparie

Eighteen years later…
I held my book in front of my face, fanning myself with its broad pages. Even as the air conditioner churned out cool air, its system was failing to combat against the heat that seeped through the walls. It didn’t help that all the bodies in the room were hot and sweaty, including my own as I tried to lower my body temperature. Even the teacher at the front of the room preferred sitting by his desk to teach rather than assuming his usual position by front and center.
It was just a typical day. Nothing unusual and no new students. Just life as per usual.
I cast my gaze out the window as the teacher’s voice droned on. I was so bored I couldn’t even remember his name. The heat was turning everything into a blur, leaving my brain as a pile of mush within my skull. I was surprised when I understood that the bell signaled the end of the school day when it echoed throughout the halls.
I didn’t waste time as I pulled my book shut and shoved my stationery back in my pencil case. I couldn’t wait to be out of this smoldering sauna and in the ocean. It was Monday afternoon, my only day scheduled with primary school children to teach them to surf. It wasn’t my ideal afternoon but it paid for my phone and car. It certainly beat wiping down tables and scrubbing bathrooms.
I joined the fray of the moving tide of human bodies as everyone exited the building and headed for buses and cars. It wasn’t difficult to guess that they would all be heading straight to the beach, but I was lucky in that they were mostly courteous enough to stay away when I was teaching small children the way of the waves. I myself was no different from everyone else as I slid into my car, blasting the air conditioning the moment I was inside. 
Catching sight of my sister was like a mirror image except dressed in a mini skirt and breezy white shirt that was now knotted at the back to reveal the skin of her belly. I wasn’t nearly as confident with my own body, but that didn’t matter. Just because we shared relatively identical exteriors didn’t mean that I didn’t have a mind of my own. She could do what she wanted.
As though she knew what I was thinking, her gaze scanned the parked cars as she conversed with her friends and spotted me in my car. She was meant to come home with me, but as her boyfriend approached her I presumed that she would be fine. She smiled and waved, and I did so in return before pulling out of the car park and flooring it out the exit. 
I was late!
I sped through intersections, glad that my father was Head of Police seeing as I knew that he had them all at a private function back at the station. Obviously others knew about the lack of supervision, too, because three cars sped past me in a street race. With their hoods down, the convertibles were sleek and a mass of wind-swept hair as they took a sharp turn and disappeared in seconds. I kept driving and finally arrived home, my eyes on the sky as I ran up the front steps.
I hoped that it didn’t storm.
It was nice walking in through the front door and shutting the heat outside. My mother was still dressed in her work clothes as I approached the kitchen and into the full force of the air conditioning. She smiled as she placed a bucket of home made sorbet into the freezer and left it to freeze. I dumped by school bag on the counter top and snatched an apple from the bowl of mixed fruits.
‘Hey honey,’ she addressed me. ‘How was school?’
I crunched into the apple before answering with a shrug. ‘Hot,’ I replied. She smiled as she started preparing for dinner, even though it was hours away. I took another bite before I slung my swimming bag over my shoulder and waved goodbye to my mother by the bench. ‘Got work. See you tonight.’
‘Okay. Love you honey!’ she called after me. I made my way out to the heat of the shed, its enclosed space stifling as I shoved the door open and stepped inside. I carefully maneuvered past the Chevy SUV with its faultless black paintwork and reached for my surfboard. I usually kept it down by the beach in a storage shed that had been recently built, but even more recently a break-in had occurred and resulted in a multitude of surfboards being stolen. I was one of the lucky ones, my board remaining untouched under a dust-covered tarp but others hadn’t been so lucky.
Ever since my board stayed at home in the safety of our garage, no matter how annoying or late it made me for work.
I glanced at the waterproof watch at my wrist and found that I was getting closer and closer to being more than fashionably late. With my board secure under my arm and my change of clothes enclosed in my other hand, I made my way to my car once more and secured the surfboard atop the roof. For once the clasps weren’t difficult in my grasp and I was able to slide back into the driver’s seat within a couple of minutes.
When I arrived at Atlantic Beach fifteen minutes later, I parked my car between two S.U.Vs and ran past the blue and white entrance sign, a series of mothers gathered there as they watched me run past with disapproving eyes. My footfalls led me past the public access sign and onto the soft sand where a group of children were seated, waiting for me with their surfboards waiting nearby. They were all lathered in sunscreen and peered up at me through the sunshine. Some children ventured along the beach, admiring the shells and some complaining as the sharp edges cut into their feet.
One of my regulars, Claire, raised her hand while the other brushed her blonde plait over her shoulder. ‘Iris, that water looks really dark,’ she told me. ‘It looks really cold in there.’ She appeared concerned so I walked over and placed a calm hand on her shoulder.
‘You’ll be fine,’ I told her. ‘It might be cold, but you have your wet suit to protect you from the brunt of it. You’ll love it.’ I offered her a calming smile, and she managed one of her own in return. She bit her lip and nodded, and I stretched to my full height before gathering everyone together. With my one-piece below the clothes I had worn to school, I quickly shed my layers and pulled on my wet suit. It was snug but admittedly, it was fun to dive into the ocean with the material tight around my body. It was like a second skin. It made me comfortable.
With the children in front of me I could accurately count five children altogether, ranging from ages six to twelve. Three were regulars, including Claire and two boys, while the other two were girls who came on occasions when they weren’t being swept off to visit their father across the country.
‘Now kids,’ I addressed them all. ‘If you get in trouble, don’t waste energy. I will come and get you. Remember to stay on the small two-to-four foot waves, and stay out of the path of the more experienced surfers. Paddle with cupped hands and duck dive under waves that are two large and powerful for you to handle. We’ve been over the process from beginning to finish so many times I won’t even bother boring you with them again. But I will recommend that you use caution and ask me if you’re unsure.’
I looked down at them with a smile. ‘Any questions?’ They shook their heads. ‘Ready to get surfing?’ They nodded eagerly and leapt up, voicing their joy in a chorus of shouts. They each took to the water, splashing and paddling as they maneuvered their boards in the direction of the outward currents. They all had keen sight, and when I joined them past the waves where it was relatively calm, I sat on my board and instructed them one by one.
Claire went first, followed by the two boys Henry and Alex. The two girls who weren’t regulars hung back with me until the first three trailed back into shore on their tiny waves and made their way through the surf to our group once again. The first - Emily - lined her board up and watched over her shoulder for a wave. I kept close by to make sure she was safe, and was proud when she balanced her body over her board and became one with the wave.
She waited back at shore, not nearly as confident in her swimming ability as Claire, Henry and Alex. Her sister Taylah was the least experienced of the group, and I made sure that I offered her tips and support every moment. She slid around the board, shaking with fear of being dunked by one of the larger waves as it built up and she drifted with me over the top. My feet tingled and I resisted the urge to wiggle my toes through the water. I needed my complete focus to be on Taylah.
‘I can’t do this!’ she said, her teeth chattering.
‘Yeah you can!’ Claire yelled above the rush of the waves. I moved my board close beside Taylah’s and gave her shoulder a gentle squeeze.
‘Claire is right, Taylah. You can do this, and you will do it well.’ I gave her a small squeeze. ‘Just have confidence in yourself.’ She offered me a tiny smile and nodded slightly. When her gaze turned back to shore an expression of determination passed over her face and made her appear much older than she truly was.
‘I’ll do it,’ she said with a nod, setting her lips in a thin line. I gave her a tight squeeze once more before releasing her and moving back a little to give her room. She scanned the waters behind her, watching with eyes narrowed in focus as a surge pulsed toward her through the currents. She took off when it met her, balancing her body along her board. She wobbled still and almost slipped off, but then gripped on tightly and pushed herself up. She remained crouched low, arms flailing but she managed to ride the wave into shore. Applause sounded from all around as my students, the parents on the beach and random passersby congratulated her on her efforts.
When my students and I returned to shore after another hour of surfing I approached Taylah and gave her a high five. She grinned up at me, her smile beaming as her sister walked up and slung her arm around her shoulders. Emily appeared thrilled with both of their progress this afternoon, and pride beamed from deep inside me as their mother ran over and scooped them into a tight hug.
‘Thank you!’ she said to me, peering over the girls’ heads. She tugged them up the sand and toward their car as thunder rumbled off the coast and lightning flashed nearby. The mugginess was still around and as the sea water dried against my skin, the dry wind whipped sand against my legs and sweat clung to me.
‘See you next week!’ I yelled at the retreating families. I quickly placed my board back in its protective casing and ran up the beach, undoing the back of my wet suit so I could replace it with my favourite white lace shirt and a pretty purple sarong. Rain began to fall by the time I got back to my car, and I threw my surfboard into place. Lightning struck nearby, causing devastatingly loud thunder to course through my ears and shudder through my body.
It was when I slid into the driver’s seat that I saw the odd colouring of the water.
I shook my head, looking back at the churning of the waves. The sun was probably setting, but it could have been caused by the darkness of the storm clouds blocking out the sun. Without a second thought, I slammed the car into reverse and gunned it away from the beach. Wind and rain pelted heavily against the car, to the point that I wasn’t so sure that there wasn’t a degree of hail mixed in with it. It got worse when I was driving over the bridge back to the mainland, sea spray washing over the few cars that ventured out into the weather.
It took double time to get back home but at least the initial onslaught of raw weather had passed within a couple of minutes. By the time I got my car into the automatic garage the wind had died down slightly and the rain was falling in drizzling mist. I got out, noticing that my father’s car was parked in the next space over. He was home. I wondered idly what he would have thought had he known that my sister hadn’t come home with me.
I pulled my surfboard from the roof of my car and brushed off the twigs and leaves that had fallen onto the protective covering. I placed it on its new shelf above my father’s vintage surfboard and opened the garage door, raising my arms above my head as I tried to block the rain from drenching me. I ran up the back steps and slowed my pace, shaking the mist from my hair as I stepped through the back door. The lights were bright but soft above the kitchen table as my mother and father set the table together. My father turned to face me, arms crossed as he cut me a sharp glare.
‘Iris,’ he addressed me. ‘Where is your sister? It’s well past closing time for any stores and I know she was meant to come home with you.’
I tried not to let him get to me as I strode past and placed my car keys in the ceramic bowl by the hall. He followed me, his arms falling to his sides as he strode in front of me. He turned on his heel, placing himself before me with a frown.
‘Iris, I won’t say this again. Where is your sister?’ I shrugged and tried to walk past and start mounting the stairs but he kept his arm out, blocking me from my escape. I met his gaze evenly, meeting the fire in his eyes with my own blue-green flames.
‘I don’t know,’ I told him. ‘She disappeared at school with her boyfriend and I haven’t heard from her since. Try her phone and if she doesn’t pick up, go out and look for her yourself!’ I’d been yelled at time and time again for tracking her down on my own, so it was about time that my parent’s suffered the consequences. I shoved past, running quickly up the stairs as he yelled at me from below. I found solace in my room the moment the door was shut. The bolt slid shut, locking out the rest of the world.
When I made my way out of my French doors and onto my private balcony that I shared with my sister, I leaned on the banister and overlooked the ocean. The rain fell heavier, piercing the roof with loud bangs that resembled a series of drummers. As though to match the beat, the ocean churned and overflowed onto the grass across the street. I peered in the mounting darkness, finding a vehicle slowly pulling up to the side of the street. Its headlights barely cut through the heaviness of the rain, but I didn’t need to see who was inside to know who they were. A moment later a door cranked open and a disheveled Lainie ran through the droplets until her feet were firmly planted on the front porch.
I rolled my eyes and focused on the rhythmic rolling of the waves as arguments ensued and lightning struck over the water. Wind whipped through the buildings, eerie as it howled yet where I stood was barely touched by the harshness. Thunder rattled down my spine and deep into my bones, leaving me cool despite the freezing rain. I stood at one of the only places along the balcony that I could stand close to the banister without being touched by the rain. It fell sideways, drenching Lainie’s end with plump droplets the size of golf balls.
I didn’t feel fear as I watched, barely moving as my sister slammed her bedroom door and the light danced across the balcony. A chill ran through my spine and down to my toes, tingling as though I’d sat on them for too long. Something flashed in my peripheral vision, a glaring violet light that all but vanished when I turned my head and stared at the churning waves. 
I blinked my eyes, spotting a large tail as it splashed through an enclosing wave and disappeared from view.
Chapter Three
‘You take your life in your hands, and what happens? A terrible thing, no one to blame.’
Erica Jong

Waking up felt odd. 
The act of waking wasn’t what was odd though. I recalled the previous day, especially the evening with its unpredictable weather and that tail … I rolled over, barely aware of the buzzing of my alarm as it rang out through my room. Sunlight streamed through the open lace curtains by the balcony doors. The window was slightly open, having fallen down during the night due to the slippery lock that refused to stay in place. A gentle breeze blew through the opening, ruffling the curtains and playing with my flyaway strands of hair.
The sunlight lit my hair into strands of gold and I lay in bed for a while, simply watching the dust motes play in the air. I could have almost fell back asleep if it weren’t for the scream that shook the house right down to its foundations. I heard footfalls from below mix with those from my sister’s room and she slammed my door open. Her steps were quick as she crossed the room, fury written across her face as she tumbled onto my bed. She shoved her phone at me and I barely caught it before she shoved her hands around her crossed arms.
‘What. The. Hell. Who is this Isabella Lim that I hear is hooking up with my Ryker?’ I could see simply from the wideness of her eyes and the set of her jaw that she was positively pissed. I resisted the urge to lay back down and shove my head below a pillow to ignore her rant.
Ryker Stewart was practically her double popularity-wise and in her opinion, he was made for her. She had been trying for years to gauge his interest, but he hadn’t been interested in anyone. In a desperate attempt to arouse the tiniest amount of jealousy from him, she had turned to Starden Leise, academic star of our entire region. He had been offered numerous offers to leave the state and travel not only to numerous academies within the country, but also around the world. He’d turned them all down. 
For my sister.
I felt a surge of guilt for not telling him of my sister’s intentions, but it wasn’t my place to say anything. I should have told him months ago when they’d first started going out. My sister nudged my arm and raised her shoulders in a gesture of impatience.
‘So? Sis, do you know who this girl is or not?’ she urged, snatching the phone from my hand. She immediately clicked on the profile picture and gasped, her face turning tomato-red. ‘She’s stunning!’ She turned and threw the phone, narrowly missing our parents as they stood by the doorway. They jumped back, watching as the phone smashed into thousands of shiny silver pieces. Our mother crossed the room and took my sister in her arms, our father muttering to himself about hormonal teenagers and boys.
‘She may be beautiful but Starden is yours, not Ryker,’ I told her. ‘Get over it.’
I stood and escaped while she sat in stunned silence, her fists clenching in fury. I sidestepped the smashed glass and plastic and descended the stairs. Our father was downstairs, pouring himself a glass of orange juice as I settled for some freshly made buttermilk pancakes and maple syrup. I drizzled it thickly over my stack, listening as breaking news became plastered over the television screen. Two people - a wife and her husband - were being taken into custody after an extensive search for their children. Found guilty, the two were being dragged into court with cuffs around their wrists, followed by footage of the two before the judge. The male was clearly a murderer, but the woman was charged as an accessory to murder.
I chose to turn away and my father switched off the television with an expression of sheer disgust plastered across his face. He turned to me and jumped, surprised to find me seated at the table. He looked about, clearly unnerved that I had been able to sneak up on him. I offered him a smile as he moved to collect his car keys and headed toward the back door. Clearly he was spooked and he barely mumbled his goodbyes before exiting.
The pancakes taste amazing as they interact with my taste buds, tingling my senses as I shove them down and complete the meal with a glass of fresh milk. I moved away from the table the moment I heard my sister stumble down the stairs and knew before I saw her that she would be wearing her tight white button-up shirt and barely-legal mini skirt in eye-catching ruby red. I shook my head, noticing how she enhanced her curves and shed light over her chest for even the most introverted of men.
‘Do you really want to be known as a slut in our final year of school?’ I muttered as she stalked past. She was short, so her skyscraper-sized heels almost tripped her as she halted and seethed at me.
‘I’m going to take back what is rightfully mine,’ she stated. ‘Starting today is the first day of project “get Ryker back”.’
I rolled my eyes. ‘He has taste,’ I pointed out. ‘Obviously, considering that every photo you saw of this Isabella girl had her wearing long skirts, dresses and shirts that don’t challenge the depths of the Grand Canyon.’ Lainie glared at me, her red lips pulling back in a severe sneer. If looks could kill …
‘Starden isn’t enough. He’s cute and a bad boy, but that isn’t my style,’ she said. ‘Give me a break.’ She turned, flipping her styled curls over her shoulder as she stalked outside. A horn blared and I heard her greet Starden by the sound of his wolf whistle. I saw our mother standing a few stairs from the top, a concerned expression marring her features. She finally descended when she noticed my stare and placed a hand on my shoulder.
‘I know you feel guilty for what Starden is going through; we all are. But don’t be too guilty. You know he only stays with your sister for her … physical qualities. Who knows, they may actually end up being a great couple when she understands that Ryker is out of her league.’ I nodded, offering her a small smile that matched her own. She made me feel better and I made my way upstairs. I quickly checked the time and almost had a heart attack when I saw that I was close to running late. I shoved my hair into a flyaway ponytail before rushing into a black, green and white floral dress. It usually wasn’t my style but I couldn’t care less as I rushed to my car and floored it out of the garage, leaving skid marks in my wake.
By lunch time I knew that I had survived the worst of the day: mathematics with Mr. Marks. The rest of the classes flew by and before I knew it, it was time for my swim team meet. So far we hadn’t decided who was going to be on the team, but I was practically guaranteed a spot. We offered an opportunity for anyone to apply, but it was always the same people who earned the places. It wasn’t bias that determined the spots - it was their swimming ability and reasons for applying that determined their success in earning their place.
I sat by the edge of the pool, pulling off my dress to reveal my one-piece swimsuit underneath. It was brightly coloured, sporting stretches of rainbow colours across the fabric. I could smell the chlorine from the pool, and watched as the doors at the far side opened. Ryker stepped through and offered an unfamiliar girl his hand as they strode toward Coach Marston. He seemed surprised when Ryker tapped him on the shoulder and he beamed at the girl.
‘Everybody, this is Isabella,’ he announced, stepping beside her and he placed a hand on her shoulder. ‘You have every right to try your hardest this year. There’s a lot of competition and only limited places. Isabella is one to watch.’
I was watching her alright. She had the typical baby blue eyes and dark hair, but her body was too thin for her heart-shaped face and curves. When she smiled, she exposed a set of brilliant white teeth, and I was silently pleased to find that they were slightly chipped, erasing her faultlessness of her overall beauty. That didn’t erase the adoration from Ryker’s face. I watched as he grinned and wrapped his arm around her shoulder. He planted a kiss on the crown of her head.
‘I’ll be watching baby,’ he murmured, squeezing her tight as I turned away to stop myself from gagging on their sweetness. I decided to focus on pulling off my shoes and making sure they were put aside, away from the firing zone of flyaway water droplets. My feet tingled with anticipation and I stepped toward the sparkling blue water to warm myself up. That was when Coach Marston stepped forward and shoved a thickly muscled arm across my shoulders, effectively stopping me in my tracks.
‘Hold on, Glass,’ he addressed me, though his gaze was on Isabella as she stepped toward the blocks. ‘We have to give the newbie a chance to impress.’ I rolled my eyes and sighed. Obviously she impressed everyone, considering the fact that I was the only one not tripping over my feet for a spot to watch her without obstruction. I crossed my arms and rolled my eyes, concentrating on her as she stretched and prepared for her leap of faith into the water below. She took a deep breath and pushed back her shoulders, poetic in her grace. Her swan-like movements followed as she leapt from the blocks and sliced through the surface of the water, shifting through the water with sheer elegance.
Her limbs slid effortlessly, capturing her entire audience as the water parted for her body. She started with freestyle, making her way through four laps. With each turn and slice through the water, I felt my temper rise and I clenched my hands and jaw to try and contain it. My body ached with the effort, and my feet broke out into full-on pins and needles as they screamed at me to dive in and ruin the beauty that Isabella was casting. I chided myself internally for being so ridiculous. I wouldn’t lose my place to her. I was a strong swimmer. I could do everything that she could - and more.
That didn’t stop my temper from reaching boiling point - and the boiling point of something else, too.
It started with her slowing gradually, her strokes becoming strained as she gradually came to a stop. She looked around, blinking her eyes as she tried to see what was going on. No one else seemed to understand what was going on either, confusing even myself as I watched from behind Coach Marston’s beefy arm. He took a step forward, raising his head as Isabella’s eyes met his own.
‘What’s wrong, darlin’?’ he asked, a frown settling over his forehead and pulling down his salt-and-pepper eyebrows. She shook her head and shrugged.
‘It’s … It’s …’ she said, struggling to find the words. ‘It’s heating up.’
Ryker shared a glance with Coach Marston and the old man shrugged, shaking his head.
‘I don’t understand,’ he told her. ‘The pool isn’t heated. It’s a cold water, chlorine pool. Nothin’ special or heated about it darlin’.’ She pursed her lips and shrugged, turning her body to face the blocks. ‘Go for one more lap and we’ll see how it is then. You’re goin’ great!’
I frowned, my pulse rising as I clenched my fists. Those final three words were what he always said to me, ever since I commenced training years ago. He’d only ever used it with me, and it finally peaked my jealousy to hear him use the same endearment with the new girl. Christ, she had only been here for one day! I had had to work for the endearment for years, pushing through pain and tears until I finally earned that comment - the highest compliment I’d ever heard him use.
Isabella made her way to the end of the pool adjacent to the blocks and flipped her body through the water in an elegant change of movement to face the blocks. I set my jaw as she shimmied towards the end, coming closer and deeper through the chlorinated water. My feet burned with the need to dive in, but it suddenly started to drain away, along with my energy. She was by the final twenty metres when the steam started to rise, like a sauna had just been magically installed.
She slowed once again with fifteen metres to go and stared at Ryker, then Coach Marston. Her expression was concerned as her pale white skin began to change to rose-red. She swiped her hand across her forehead and stroked some strands of dark hair behind her ear. By now it was evident that she’d been right about the heat rising in the water.
It started to bubble around her.
‘What … What’s going on?’ she stuttered, thrashing around in a circle. The heat increased and along with it, more and more steam began to rise from the water. Coach Marston’s eyes widened and he ran to the edge of the pool.
‘Get out of there!’ he yelled, his voice booming. ‘Swim here! Grab onto my hand!’
Sensing the urgency in his voice, she began to make her way to him. Her body was still graceful, but she was starting to lag. I was caught in place as the entire swim team applicants surged toward the edge, thrusting their hands out urgently for her to snag onto them. She surfaced, treading water as she began to cough and splutter, water rushing in and out of her mouth faster than she could stop it. Her arms started flailing and her body went under.
The girls began to scream around me and I finally woke from my internal slumber, realising the situation at hand. I surged forward, shoving a group of terrified girls out of the way and I dove into the water. By the time I made it to Isabella and had hold of her, the water was bubbling like a kettle and her body was severely burned. I snagged an arm around her waist and pulled her through the steam and water, shoving her toward the edge where Coach Marston and Ryker waited for her unconscious body. Immediately they attended to her while two strong boys a year lower than me reached down and quickly hoisted me from the water.
Instantly the water cooled, the steam vanishing and the temperature returning to its normal coolness.
I turned my attention to Isabella and the crowd surrounding her as Coach Marston executed first aid and had her breathing again. I heard the ambulance approach outside, and a moment later the doors burst open to reveal the paramedics as they wheeled a gurney through the entrance and over to where she lay. She didn’t stir as they checked her vital signs and resumed her breathing again, an oxygen mask placed over her face. Ryker cried as she was placed on the gurney and wheeled away, her severe burns stunning everyone in the room. Coach Marston stood in silence, his jaw dropped open in shock as he watched after them.
‘How did that happen?’ he whispered. No one answered. No one seemed to even have an answer for what had just happened. Police filtered in through the doors, gesturing for him to follow them. Two students went with him, guiding him with their hands clasped tightly around his biceps to keep him from collapsing. To my surprise my father stepped through the door, crossing the room dressed in his full attire. His badge shone and he dipped his hat in greeting to me as he approached.
‘This is pretty serious,’ he said, followed by stunned nods by the several remaining students around me. ‘Does anyone know how this happened? It’s suspicious that a completely unheated pool could magically erupt into bubbles of intense heat. Does anyone have any suspicions as to who did this?’ A sea of shaking heads followed his query and he sighed, shoving his notebook and pencil into his pocket. He took each of us in, pausing on me the longest before crossing to the next witness. I knew that we would end up with a full interrogation when I got home later. With just one more day until my birthday, the last thing I wanted to be doing was reporting to the Head of Police about a mysterious pool burning a newbie alive. Worst of all, it would stuff around with the swim team meets, or even suspend them indefinitely.
Crap.

Chapter Four
‘Remember no one can make you feel inferior without your consent.’
Eleanor Roosevelt

I woke up on Friday morning feeling great.
It was our birthday, finally, and what made it especially great was the fact that my father allowed me a reprieve from his interrogations by midnight - much earlier than I had expected. I hadn’t slept much though, which effectively placed a downer on my morning, but I managed to eat breakfast around the table with my family.
I sat across the table from my sister, our parents seated at either end. The wooden surface was laden with multitudes of food and I found myself feeling ravenous after having skipped dinner last night - a smart move considering my mother seemed to be cooking for a giant. There were fresh mulberries and apples, pancakes and maple syrup and caramel cookies. To our mother’s end sat platters of waffles and whipped cream, toast and cheese toasties, while pop-tarts, French toast and cinnamon sugar, yogurt and bagels sat at our father’s end.
I loaded my plate as opposed to Lainie, who simply settled for her own strawberry-flavoured slim shake. She sipped at it tentatively as our parents followed my lead and threw down as much as they could. Lainie was beaming, checking her Facebook every few moments to ensure that she was gaining more birthday wishes. She was obviously pleased with her new phone. I rolled my eyes and groaned in pleasure as I fought to eat more without becoming bloated. I smiled at our mother but it quickly faded when I saw her expression.
She picked at her food with the tip of her fork, not even interested in what lay before her. I glanced up at my father, noting his own sombre mood and I dropped my fork with a clatter, my arms crossed. Even Lainie looked up from her gadget to observe my weird reaction. I looked at our parents, noting the ways in which they dropped their heads and how our mother bit her lip. They were hiding something and it was big.
‘What?’ I asked. ‘What is wrong? And don’t say nothing, because I know that you’ll be lying!’
Our father was the first to snap, surprising me. Usually is was our mother, but that only highlighted the severity of the situation. My stomach churned and I instantly realised that I shouldn’t have consumed so much beforehand. I tried to focus on their obvious guilt rather than the sickening feeling inside me. I felt my jaw clench as I looked between them, and they finally broke the silence.
‘Darling, we love you,’ our mother began.
‘But you need to understand,’ our father continued.
Our mother followed on. ‘We haven’t told you because we didn’t know how,’ she whispered, tears streaming down her cheeks. ‘We’ve come to the conclusion that it’s time you knew.’
I looked at our father, then back at our mother. Even Lainie looked back and forth, the phone and corresponding Facebook messages of congratulations long forgotten. For once, something rated more important than my sister’s popularity and Ryker’s relationship status.
‘What are you talking about?’ I whispered though the churning in my gut told me all that I needed to know. Lainie’s mouth dropped open, the food and slim shake forgotten. She dropped her hand to the table, the phone clattering along the surface. It was too loud in the silence; a pin could have dropped and sounded like a bomb had detonated over an entire city. ‘No … NO!’
I jumped up from the table in unison with Lainie and she slammed a fist against the surface, leaving it trembling. ‘You’re trying to tell us we’re adopted!’ She didn’t question it - she knew. I knew, too. It was so obvious. No birth certificates, records of our earliest weeks. No baby photos or post-birth records. No hospitals mentioned, and nothing mentioned by our relatives.
Nothing.
Tears streamed down our mother’s - Nevada’s - face and she reached into her pocket, pulling out a crumpled piece of yellowing paper. She unfolded it but I didn’t need to look at it to know that it was the adoption paper in all its glory. Instead, I turned and fled a difficult situation for the first time in my entire life.
I didn’t realise where I was going until I stopped driving and pulled into a space near the entrance to Atlantic Beach, shoving the engine off before settling my head against the steering wheel. I drummed my fingertips against the top, sliding them down before slamming them against the dashboard. Thin trickles of tears slid their way down, leaving me shaking from shock and incredible sadness that gripped tight around my soul. Its icy fingers curled around me, constricting me into something hard and emotionless. I set my lips into a thin line and wiped the tears away, bracing myself before slipping out of the driver’s seat and locking the vehicle.
I made my way down onto the sand, finding dead fish along the edge of the water where they’d been washed up overnight. The stench was unforgiving, but it did help to clear my head enough to realise I was about to walk straight into the ocean, car keys and all. I took a few stuttered steps back and tripped, falling flat on my behind. Thankfully the stench was enough to keep others away as I grieved, alone and falling to pieces inside.
All my life, the memories … 
Everything: lies.
All those birthdays, the Christmases and hugs from cherished grandparents. The stories before bed and the memories they would recall with tears in their eyes. Tears of happiness … But just as many that were caused by happiness, I realised that there were just as many caused by guilt and lies. And they were far from white lies, too. Dark, ugly clouds swamped their minds for the past eighteen years. The only person I could count on was my sister. She was undoubtedly my own blood - we were identical twins!
I shook my head, feeling the intense fury seize my body and I clenched my jaw and fists against it. How could they? How could they smile and act happy every day, knowing that their very existence as our parents was a lie our entire lives? Why didn’t they tell us the truth?
Clarity wasn’t working for me right now, I knew, so I turned to my phone clenched in my fist as a means of distracting myself from what had just occurred. I found wall posts on my Facebook, dedicated to me stating that these people were all excited on my behalf. I wondered how they would react knowing that today may very well have just been another day for all that I knew. I didn’t know how old I was, or where I came from. Who were my parents? Who?
Who am I?
I glanced down at my phone again, irritated to find that for every wall post wishing me well on my birthday, there were approximately ten for Isabella wishing her well on her burns. She’d been in Beaufort for little over 48 hours and already she had a following. I wasn’t the popular type, preferring the shadows over the stifling life of a popular girl, but that didn’t mean I couldn’t get jealous. I rolled my eyes and screamed in rage, feeling oddly similar to how Lainie must have felt just 24 hours ago, waking to find the man of her dreams in a relationship with the newbie.
Was I really that insignificant?
In a sudden burst of rage, I rose to my feet and threw my phone down the beach, watching as it landed with a thud in the soft sand beside a rotting fish. The sunlight reflected off the phone’s screen, and I instantly regretted it. I didn’t have the kind of money to replace it. I looked at my wrist, the watch there telling me that I was well late for school. I shrugged. What the hell. Why not skip school?
I made my way down the beach and snatched up my phone, swiping the screen with my thumb to brush away the sand granules. It was dirty but was otherwise untouched, the phone’s screen responding as I played around to ensure the screen hadn’t broken during my fit of rage. I sighed, shoving it in my pocket as I gazed out at the waves. I shut my eyes, listening to the roar of the waves as they crashed over one another and retreated back for another whopping blow. My feet tingled to the point of pain, my toes burying themselves into the wet sand by the water’s edge.
I was almost completely relaxed when I heard a splash nearby.
It was to my right and I quickly opened my eyes, tensing to see someone emerge and say, ‘Scared you!’ But there wasn’t anyone there, just a purplish tinge to the waves as something long and graceful flitted through the waves and out to see. I was caught in place, both by fear and awe, before I finally got past the shock and retreated up the width of the beach. I shook my head, rubbing my eyes. Perhaps I needed glasses - I didn’t know my family, so it was very possible they had had eyesight problems. But the sound of the water splashing …
Back at the car, I sat in the driver’s seat again and settled my forehead back against the steering wheel. I stroked its leather cover with my fingertips, taking in the soft texture. Soothingly, the sound of the ocean rang through the car, like placing a seashell to one’s ear to hear its crashing. A moment later, though, the soothing quality was marred by the sound of Starden’s car revving into place behind my car. I reluctantly resumed an upright position before Lainie got in beside me, looking over with her own lips pursed. 
She’d changed into something more … her since breakfast. Her legs were laden in a pair of white denim shorts, with cream coloured high-heels and a coffee sleeveless, the chest high enough to leave imagination rather than dollar bills and adorned with silver chain-links. Her nails were white, her hair pulled back into a tight ponytail. Her makeup was subtle, and I had to admit that she looked amazing in that combination. It suggested innocence, something she herself didn’t emanate so it was best for her clothes to do so.
‘So,’ she began awkwardly. She bit her lip. ‘This whole adopted scenario, it’s real, right?’
I glanced over at her, offering a small nod. ‘It’s as real as we are identical.’ She laughed.
‘Well, identical in looks,’ she clarified. ‘Not in personality. Christ, I’d love it if you were more like me.’
I snorted and smiled slightly. ‘Yeah. Sometimes I say the same thing about you.’
We laughed and continued chatting like that for a while, something I missed. High school had made us as far apart as Earth to the edge of the universe. It wasn’t fun. I missed talking to her so happily, so carefree. Eventually we had to stop, given the insistent honking of Starden’s car behind us. I rolled my eyes and she laughed.
‘Look,’ she addressed me. ‘Don’t think about it. Today is about us, regardless of whether we were actually born today or not. It’s our day. Let’s keep it that way, shall we?’
I pursed my lips and thought for a moment. Finally, I nodded. ‘Okay,’ I answered, offering her a small smile. ‘It’s our day. No one else’s.’
She grinned. ‘Listen, I’ve got this big night planned for us and practically everyone from our school is invited. Even the loser librarians.’ She rolled her eyes. She knew I didn’t like people being left out due to their social status or intelligence level. ‘Dive into your closet and get something hot. We’ve got a whole night of partying and drunkenness to get under way, starting at sun down. Ignore Chris and Nevada. They’ll keep out of the way anyway.’
I managed a nod before Starden got out and stalked toward our car. He tapped on the window angrily but all anger died away as his eyes fell on my sister. Instead, a starstruck expression fell over him and he grinned as Lainie planted a kiss square on his lips. He looked across to me giddily and offered a half-assed wave.
‘Hey, uh, Iris …’ he said. ‘Uh … happy … You know. Happy birthday.’
I looked at my sister and found her offering me a wink before she said, ‘See you tonight Sis.’
She exited the car and followed after Starden, giggling and doing God only knows what else. A moment later, tires shredded the tar and the car veered around towards the direction of the bridge. I certainly didn’t want to know what they had planned as a birthday celebration, but considering the bombshell we’d received this morning, I didn’t need an imagination to guess what.
Shuddering, I shoved the car into gear and followed suit, crossing the bridge back to the mainland and I made my way to the Beaufort docks. I parked on the street, leaving the comfort of my car to enter the new modern water café that was positioned by the edge where the docks met dry land. A large sign above the entrance read ‘Macy’s’ in large, bold aqua lettering. It was a boat, refurbished and given an open-plan space in order to convey a modern hospitality establishment, and was coloured accordingly to attract local teenagers. Despite being school hours, I spotted nine people I recognised from school who were notorious for being no-shows.
They were seated around a white table with vibrant green and hot pink plastic stools, sipping from glasses shaped like flowers that matched the colours of their seats. The walls where there weren’t glass doors leading to the outside deck were white with wooden-framed photos of artistic ocean photography and dolphin spotting. A series of small, modern cream lights were embedded in the ceiling, casting a warm light over the wrap-around white bar that served the boat the entire way around.
A series of fridges, glasses, alcoholic and non-alcoholic facilities were in the centre of the bar, serving as a thick white pillar that held the ceiling up. The owner of the watery establishment spotted me and smiled, making her way over to me from where she’d been cleaning the espresso machine. She placed down the cloth and clasped her hands together, leaning onto the bar. She grinned, her name badge shining silver as it sported her name: Macy Devereux. Despite the origins of her name, she delved into her Scottish heritage a lot.
‘Well, well. Isn’t it the birthday girl herself, aye!’ she exclaimed, her voice loud enough to gauge the interest of her young high schooler patrons. They cast curious glances over their shoulders as she leaned over the bar to give me an awkward hug and patted me on the back. I rolled my eyes at her.
‘Hey Macy,’ I returned, offering her the truest smile I could muster. ‘How’s things?’
‘Slow,’ she said, frowning to herself slightly before beaming back at me again. ‘Better though now that you’re here! What can I get for you, young lass? Take your pick. It’s on the house!’
I thought for a moment, but it didn’t take long. I grinned at her. ‘How about a hokey-pokey deluxe thick shake with extra caramel sauce?’ She winked at me and nodded elaborately, her red-blonde hair falling into aged brown eyes. Her wrinkled brown skin stretched as she reached below the bar for the milkshake machine and its corresponding steel mug. As she pulled off the lid to the milk bottle and poured it in, she looked up at me curiously.
‘Skipping school, young lass?’ she queried, her eyebrows raised. I nodded with a sigh and rested my chin on my palm, using my elbow to prop myself against the bar top.
‘Yeah,’ I replied. ‘Tough day. I’d rather forget about it.’ She nodded, though she appeared to be worried by my reluctance.
‘Boy trouble?’ she asked with a wink, her laughter ringing. I shook my head and simply joined in her laughter. She finally finished with my thick shake and placed it in front of me, the majority in a glass like the floral ones by the other table and rimmed with caramel sauce. The remaining liquid was still in the steel cup she provided me with, giving me the option for a top-up when I was ready. I smiled and sipped through my straw, surprised to find it so thick that I could barely get a trickle of milk through the tiny space. She laughed at my reaction when I pulled away, gasping.
‘Wow, that is thick!’ I commented, watching as she slid a spoon across the bench to me and started to pull dishes and cutlery out of the dishwasher. She wiped them as she laughed.
‘Well, lass, it’s meant to be thick,’ she pointed out. ‘If it fits through a straw, it’s not a thick shake.’ I nodded and delved into the iciness with my spoon, scooping it into my mouth only to be met with an explosion of devilishly sweet thickness. It trickled down my tongue and melted, following the trail down my throat and through my body. It was tantalising.
‘Thank you Macy,’ I told her, scoffing down another thick spoonful. ‘This is exactly what I needed.’ 
She laughed. ‘Any time.’

Chapter Five
‘Either you run the day or the day runs you.’
Jim Rohn

I’m not a party girl in the slightest.
After I left Macy’s late in the afternoon, I returned back to the Glass house to get ready for Lainie’s celebrations. I’d found that Chris was still at the police station for a late night at work while Nevada made herself useful at Macy’s as a temporary night bar attendant. I’d walked into my room to find a black box labelled ‘Noir’ and a smaller box with ‘Gucci’ written on it. The larger box, I’d found, was a gift from Nevada and Lainie - a tight, black dress that covered the cleavage and showed off my short legs - while the smaller showcased a pair of strappy black heels that made me tower above my usual height.
Lainie had come in with an hour until party time, showing off her own tight black and red dress. Her lips were ruby red once again and her eyes were rimmed with thick, black winged eyeliner. It made her eyes pop, while her hair was braided intricately by Nevada before she’d left. Lainie had offered to become my own personal makeup artist and hairdresser, setting my hair into a messy but sexy set of windswept curls hanging loosely from a long, high ponytail.
My makeup was mostly natural, with nude lip gloss and eyeliner matching Lainie’s. I reluctantly wore mascara, but at the very least I’d been able to avoid the use of fake lashes. I couldn’t stand them. Finally, my nails were replaced by instant-drying fake nails that were painted as French tips in a nude shade. They squeezed on top of my natural nails, and I had to avoid rough handling to stop the glue from coming loose. I didn’t even want to consider the idea of taking them off right then.
Starden was the first guest to arrive, and I decided to take to the balcony rather than stay and listen to my sister’s giggling as he played with the silky, tight material. I remained on the balcony, watching as the sun set and more and more people arrived. It wasn’t long before music shook the house, thick with bass drops and alcoholic beverages being served. No wonder Chris and Nevada had stayed away - I couldn’t stand to think of them as my parents anymore.
I wasn’t Iris Chassidy Glass anymore.
I was nobody.
I couldn’t stand being in my room anymore, finally I stepped tentatively into the hall, using my antique key to bar my room from unwanted visitors. I couldn’t stand the idea of anyone making out in my bed, tearing up the sheets and pillows. Already my sister was well in her element downstairs. I descended onto the ground floor, squeezing between people and earning a few glares and the occasional good birthday wishes. Continuously I pulled at the hem of my dress, trying to make myself as small and insignificant as possible. It was obvious that the majority of these party-goers were here for either my sister, to satisfy their perverted minds or to simply party until the hours of early morning.
My only reprieve came fifteen minutes later when I stumbled through the front door and found the cool summer breeze of night blowing across my sweaty face. My hair was coming loose and I removed my shoes as I crossed the street and dangled my feet over the edge, tingling as the sea mist rose to tickle my toes. The energy coursed through me, zipping like an electric shock up my spine. It was tantalising, the feeling of being so close to the water and not being in it. I wanted to dive into its darkness and envelop myself in its waves. To swim right now was just the purest temptation, like a meth addict being offered a piece of crystal.
What made it eerily beautiful was the presence of the moon above the water, but it wasn’t silvery white that the water was tainted. Instead, a deep violet glow emanated from below the water’s surface, growing in intensity the longer I sat there. I panicked slightly, moving my feet quickly from the edge and onto the green of the grass. It prickled my feet, almost painfully so as I peered down into the small waves lapping against the land. It shimmered, and for a moment I could have sworn I’d seen a tail in the depths. I leaned closer, trying to gain a closer look when I was pushed from behind.
I screamed as I fell into the water, kicking my way to the surface in time to find a group of drunken boys from school running back to the house. I recognised one of them from school, a star champion along with me for many years on our swim team. I would have my revenge later, but I instead turned my focus on the shimmering of what could only be described as glitter in the water. There was movement through the water nearby, and I squinted as I tried to make out what it was that was causing it. I was met with only more glitter and darkness, right before I saw it again.
The tail.
It shone brightly, as though it were illuminated with its own inner radiance. It splashed brilliantly, spraying my face with droplets of salty water and I blinked against the saltiness. The waves rose, dragging me under and blinding me with darkness. I thrashed, my legs and arms weighed down by something that felt both thick and thin simultaneously. The undercurrent swept around me, dragging me deep down into the ocean. Coral scraped against my skin, seaweed wrapping around my limbs. I gasped for breath very well knowing that I would be met by only air escaping from my lungs.
My body ached, my muscles screaming with the intense pain of lack of oxygen. Yet even though I was a confident swimmer, I was useless against the power of the ocean. It was a powerful monster, gorging itself on my body as I tumbled to the ocean floor. The light above grew dimmer as I sunk, my eyes blinking as I continued to witness the beauty of the violet underwater world. Fish swam past, and even a shark, but nothing seemed to be fazed by my presence.
Gold flitted between the rays of light cast from the houses across the street, leaving me watching in awe as clarity streaked through my sight and I saw the world for what it was. Down by the bottom of the sea the bubbles danced their way back to the surface, my jaw falling open as I experienced what could only be described as my own personal version of heaven. I couldn’t feel any pain and the tingling I usually felt in my toes spread, the feeling enhancing as it shot up through my muscles and I shuddered with the sheer pleasure. My lungs constricted, and I choked despite the pure rapture I was under.
There was a slight give in the water, leading me to the false hope that I would be able to scramble to the surface by the time I ended up drowning. It wouldn’t work, I knew, but I could hope. I spread my arms, hands cupped against the water like wings expanding to capture the breeze under their feathers. I flexed my muscles, crying out in agony as I clawed toward the surface. There was little else keeping me below the surface, freedom so close I could taste its toxicity across my tongue. So close, yet so far …
That was when I heard her.
It simply wasn’t possible, but somehow I managed to hear a voice emanating through the water. It originated from below, at the heart of the glowing violet light. Cold tingles traced down my spine, seizing my muscles in place and I found the fight leaving me. Instead, I focused on the voice, enchanted by its harmonic quality and the vibrations that reverberated through the waves. Reluctantly, I gradually lost control of my body and drifted down … down …
The lyrics weren’t easily interpreted but I did manage to hear the words ‘ocean’s lullaby’ amongst the mumbled words. Deep inside, my soul tumbled inside me restlessly but the music performed by the magical voice was dragging me deeper. There wasn’t much light available from down here, and I noticed silently the first sign of the lightening morning sky. How long had I been down there? I had no idea but I didn’t really care. The final remnants of the give in tidal movements vanished, effectively pulling me down with the strength of a whirlpool. The suction was horrible, as though hundreds of octopodes were wrapped around me and sucking the very life force out from deep inside me. The light from above was dimming but it seemed to be growing from below.
I barely registered when my feet slid along the sea floor, my skin caressing along the shells and rocks as though it were no more than the softest of silk. My hair skimmed against my cheeks and shoulders, soft and smooth. There wasn’t much that didn’t tempt my senses, pleasuring every inch of my skin. I finally sat upright, blinking against the sheer strength of the light before me. The tail I’d seen earlier stretched out before me, and I couldn’t even move as I scanned upward to meet eye-to-eye with a beautiful woman. She approached me, her voice cutting off as she smiled and reached out with webbed but elegant fingers.
Her lips were full but her skin was lacking in colour and texture. There was no doubt at all that she would burn severely if she were left in the sun’s rays unprotected. Her high cheekbones sported a fresh, thin cut that sat jagged, leaving her skin appearing pallid, sickeningly so. Her body appeared to be thin and malnourished, leaving me able to see her rib cage through her skin. She wasn’t clad but her hair was long and as blonde as the midday sun, weaving around her body in a magical cloak. The thickness alone was amazing, making it noticeably challenging to sport had she walked above the water.
I watched for a moment longer, but my shock vanished the moment she opened her mouth and spoke to me, her voice clear as it rang through the water in the most beautiful and musical of tones.
‘Welcome, daughter of the sea,’ she addressed me. ‘It has been a long time.’
Finally, whatever spell I had been under broke in that instant. I screamed, startling the beautiful woman and her eyes widened as I thrashed. I kicked off from the sea floor and headed for the surface, ignoring the woman’s pleas for me to stop and listen. Finally she swam above me, drawing my eyes upward and to the realisation that I wasn’t going to make it in time. The pain returned with shocking effect, ripping at my insides as though I had swallowed a thousand knives. I thrashed, unable to take it anymore.
‘Stop! Stop!’
I screamed, bubbles escaping in varying sizes from my mouth and I oddly envied them. They would reach the surface. They would reach the oxygen I so deeply craved. Whatever force that kept me alive down here was fading and it didn’t help that the woman’s panicking and shaking hands were pressing over me. Light streamed from the woman as she enveloped me in a tight embrace, wrapping my entire body into a tiny bubble of human flesh. My soul ached for freedom and I pressed my lips together in a bid to keep from scaring her again. I oddly cared for her, recognising her slightly from somewhere I had been once before long ago. I listened to her, her lips close by my ear as she uttered beautifully majestic and lyrical words in my ear.
‘Hush now, Iris. Hear my presence. Listen to my words as I say this: Breathe, my daughter. It is time for you to return to us.’
With a kiss on my forehead, she hushed me as I began to whimper, my eyes beginning to cloud over as peace instantly blossomed in my heart and spread throughout my body. Her own body glowed brighter around me, both surrounding me and filling me with her magical essence. It was then that I truly accepted that I wasn’t going to die and that what I was seeing was real. It no longer felt like a dream, or even a nightmare. The pain faded and in its place, pleasure once again filled my every cell. I stopped thrashing my legs once again and found that when they settled together, they seemed to form a united entity.
My eyes flitted in the direction of my hands, my fingers spreading wide as I watched the imperfections begin to smooth over and the skin stretched, forming a delicate and shimmering blue web between each gap. My mouth opened and I gasped, aware of the sudden rush of water into my body and through my lungs. It would have meant certain death, but I was stunned to find that instead of water-logging my body, it filled me with the vital essence I’d been trying to get out of swimming and my connection with the sea for years. Only when the transformation was seemingly complete did I look down and finally see the sky blue scales that had formed a tail where my legs used to be. I lifted it, using the woman’s grip on my arms to keep myself upright as I reached forward and skimmed my fingertips along it.
It was breathtakingly beautiful, but even so proved to be too much. I turned toward the woman, shaking free of her grip as she levelled her gaze on me and her lips pulled into a wide grin. Her elation spread to encompass her entire body and she laughed in sheer bliss. Meanwhile my panic was beginning to cut through the pleasure, taking away my own elation and the magic of the moment. I stretched out and took her by the shoulders, shaking her furiously. Tears were forming in my eyes but the sea water carried them away easily. With gritted teeth, I glared at her.
‘What have you done to me?’ I demanded, watching as her head slammed violently back and then forward again. Then just as quickly as the rage had come, it settled and I released her from my grip. Without her body in contact with mine to keep me upright and my own … tail … refusing to budge, I drifted silently to the sea floor again. This time, I didn’t notice the beauty the same way. No longer under her spell, I saw the sea different from anything I had ever experienced. Everything I saw was faultless, but it soon began to all fade. The woman swam before me, looking grim as her lips settled from her wide grin into a formidable thin line.
‘Iris, I don’t know how to explain any of this to you,” she murmured, her voice still musical but I was no longer ensnared by her magic. Instead, I looked up into her eyes feeling miserable. I was changing and I had no idea how or why. This was meant to be impossible.
I guess I’m a somebody after all, I thought to myself, wondering if - maybe - this woman was in fact my biological mother.
‘There is a lot to explain,’ she began. I found, though, that though she began to speak more and more, my ears were beginning to switch off and my body began to drift. With half-lidded eyes, my body swayed and the woman moved to catch me. She appeared to be unsurprised, but even so I watched as she called over her should and murmured my name over and over again. The energy was escaping me at a fast rate, proving that both the shock and the energy the transformation had taken a large toll over my body. In the final moments before I shut my eyes, the water pressed hard against my ear drums and left me completely deaf to the words that she was undoubtedly saying. That was when the light appeared.
Four finned women.
Five sets of hands pressing against my body.
Finally my eyes slid shut and my body couldn’t hold out any longer. The hands faded, their touches becoming nothingness as unconsciousness loomed like a cruel haven over me. It took away the pain, the pleasure and the unbelievable, leaving just me. My core. Everything that I was remained, lingering in a darkness that appeared to be eternal and everlasting.
One last breath was taken before I finally passed out completely.

Chapter Six
‘Everything you can imagine is real.’
Pablo Picasso

When I finally came to, I was underwater, alone and lying against the sea floor as morning rays of sunshine passed through the murkiness and lit the scales along my tail.
In a single moment, the previous evening’s occurrences replayed through my hazy mind and clarity pierced my head, leaving it throbbing with an instant migraine. It was obvious to me that whatever had happened, it was supernatural and entirely impossible. Before me, my tail told me another story. First of all, mythology was no longer a debatable issue for me. I had witnessed it first hand and although waking would have led me to doubt it, waking with a tail convinced me altogether.
There were so many questions I would have liked to have asked her. Why did I grow a tail? How could I breathe under the surface, when I obviously had no gills? In hindsight, neither had she but that didn’t mean anything really when I had met a real, living and breathing finned woman that I only ever accepted having been in fairy tales. Did that mean other fishermen tales were based on truth? I had no idea, but I knew I would try my hardest in order to find out.
First things first though.
I bit my lip when I looked down at my tail, twitching a little to observe how it would react to my internal commands. It moved just fine and I found myself able to move it fairly easily, but it was obvious that it would be increasingly difficult to move the more I used it. Still, it appeared to be powerful and large enough to move me with little trouble at all. With my hands braced against the coral and stones beneath me, I pressed until only my hands touched the bottom and I moved my tail to propel myself through the water. I struggled at first, finding it difficult to move with both the bulk weight of my tail and the concept of using my body in a single unit, rather than the split use of using both legs separately.
The first few times that I tried, I scraped my back against the sea floor and spread sand through my blonde hair. It helped that it was daylight above, but at least having passed out the previous night, I had rejuvenated a large portion of the energy I had lost. The violet glitter was long gone, replaced by a fine blue mist that seemed to emanate from my tail whenever I gained enough power in it to keep me from drifting to the sea floor again. I clenched my hands, digging my nails into my skin for a moment before finally delving into my knowledge base of swimming. I cupped my hands much like I did when I was swimming freestyle and used their momentum to help keep my body from drifting down. In the same movement, I thrashed my tail and finally settled into a simultaneous movement of arms and tail, propelling my way toward the surface.
When I finally broke through the thin barrier between water and air, I gasped and took in gulps of air. There simply wasn’t enough that I could fill my lungs with at any one time, and I found myself coughing up water, leaving my throat cracked and raw from the saltiness. My lungs turned the water blood-red, but I finally stopped coughing up liquid and knew that it was all gone. Swiping my mouth with the back of my hand, I finally turned my gaze to the land and surrounding boats. I breathed deeply as I observed them.
The dawn had only begun to break the horizon, and already boats were heading out for their daily catch. I ducked below the surface as one came close, knowing that they would lift me inside to save me and notice my new addition. I couldn’t afford that. I had grown up in this town, and the amount of fishermen that would have love to have reaped the rewards of a scientific discovery were great in number and equally in amount of greed. They each would give their best catch just for a five minute mention on the local news station and bragging rights over every other fishermen. The local bait store was simply laden with yellowed newspaper snippets and photographs of apparent ‘sightings’.
I avoided a fishing boat - the one I’d heard passing by - and headed in the direction of the docks. The weathered wood pillars were easily identifiable, cutting through the water and unmoving against the gentle waves that lapped below it. I noticed Macy’s with hardly any effort, unsurprised to find the dark blue underbelly of her water café. With a tight grip of the closest pillar to her boat, I pulled myself up cautiously toward the surface once again and raised my head out high enough to scan for onlookers. The fishermen were gone, leaving the docks completely abandoned. Macy wasn’t around - it was too early for her to even be awake, let alone on the boat.
With this knowledge in mind, I braced myself against a loose coil of rope that was attached to the top of my pillar. I pulled on it, yanking enough to test whether my weight would hold considering how frayed and weathered it appeared. When I was satisfied, I was finally able to pull myself out of the water for the first time since I’d fallen in the previous night, finding that I was close enough to the wooden walkway in order to prop myself completely out of the water. My dress was soaked through and clung to me uncomfortably but I was relieved to be out and away from the finned women. Away from mythology and things that couldn’t possibly be real - but were.
As the sun rose higher, it gained in heat and I began to dry out, my hair turning straw-like while my legs began to replace the fins. They began were my dress ended, gradually disappearing until they returned to two separate entities with ten wiggling and wrinkled toes. In disbelief, I ran my now-no longer webbed fingers over my legs, surprised by their softness and the pleasure I experienced as the remaining water trickled down my skin and finally dropped back into the ocean. I sat like that for a long while, enchanted by the feeling and the magic I had witnessed before me. I was magic.
I stayed until the sun was finally high above me and I felt it begin to burn my skin, the water droplets long gone and I heard footfalls on the dock adjacent to me. Macy was finally here, whistling as she stepped aboard and fiddled with her keys. I made sure to sneak past, keeping low and quiet so she wouldn’t see me. When I was finally free of her sight, my feet caused the wooden boards to creak as I bolted back down the street in the direction of my house. When I approached, I was appalled by the state of the house and immediate vicinity. Trash had been strewn along the roads and sidewalks, the neighbouring yards littered with empty cans of drink, sleeping teenagers that had never made it home that night and flower beds of puke. Judging by the stench I could smell from such a long distance away, I doubted they would ever be able to regenerate any form of life in them again.
I kept to the sidewalk across the road from my house, scanning for the spot where I had been pushed into the sea and changed into a finned woman. My shoes were still there, surrounded by empty beer bottles but otherwise untouched by last nights party goers. I spotted Starden’s best friend passed out on the front porch, resting lazily in the white deck chair and a male’s genitals drawn in thick black marker across his face. With shoes in hand, I crossed the street and skirted the house, knowing that the back door made the least amount of noise as opposed to the front. As I tip-toed inside, I smelt the mustiness of spilled drinks, vomit and aged body odour before I even got past the kitchen.
There was no surprise that there were bodies strewn throughout the lower floor of the house as I approached the stairs, but I was certainly more than surprised when I spotted Ryker and Isabella passed out together on the couch. I sighed. Lainie would be having none of this when she finally woke up and came downstairs. I could just imagine her shrieks as she would shoo them from the house and slam the door shut, followed by a long string of curses and, later, loud sobs of heart break. I just wished that she would get over him already. Desperate was an understatement when it came to Lainie and Ryker.
With a shake of my head, I turned away from the sleeping couple and avoided treading in untold piles of muck and grit, before finally making it to my bedroom. That was when I heard the slight creak of a nearby door and I unlocked my room just in time to avoid being spotted. I kept it open slightly, peeking through the crack to find Starden stretching and Lainie giggling as she followed him. He was in boxers, whilst my sister was wrapped in his baggy t-shirt and sporting ruffled hair. Obviously they’d had a night they’d never forget, judging simply by their attire and the grins that stretched from ear to ear. I shut the door quickly, avoiding the visuals as I heard snippets of their muffled flirtations.
At least she knows she can’t say much to Ryker and Isabella when she notices.
With my attention turned elsewhere and my bedroom door locked to avoid intrusion, I finally allowed myself to be a little louder and move through the house without stealth. I opened my broken window and the balcony French doors, thriving in the cool breeze that blew through and alerted my senses, if only for a couple of minutes. I lifted the covers of my bed to reveal my pyjamas, neatly folded where Nevada had left them the previous morning after she had completed the load of washing. With a sigh and a strike of guilt, I realised how tough I had been on both Nevada and Chris the previous day. It really wasn’t their fault that my sister and I were unwanted at birth. They had taken us in, given us a home. They gave us something that our original parents had never been able to.
Then again, they had lied to us. They had told us lies, both great and small, in order to falsely lead us to the conclusion that they were our biological relations. They didn’t know how to communicate the fact that they were simply strangers who had taken two girls in when no one else wanted them. My body felt so confused as it battled between annoyance, guilt, anger and love. I wondered for a brief moment how my sister felt about the entire situation, but then I remembered who she was and how shallow she was. She would have used last night with Starden as her own personal therapy, just as a man whore would in a one night stand. Anger coursed through me, followed by sadness for Starden. I wondered if she really did love him, on some level. Maybe…
‘WHAT ARE YOU STILL DOING HERE!’
I cringed. Yes, she had found them. I was briefly aware of the sounds of crashing, followed by slamming doors and shouting obscenities. Usually my sister would never even dream of being rough and discourteous in the presence of Ryker but Isabella was apparently her Achilles heel. Her shrieks continued, almost completely drowning out the sound of Ryker’s and Isabella’s footfalls as they fled. Lainie would probably never forgive herself, but then I simply recalled the guilt I felt as part of being a bystander, watching her pull the ruse relationship she had with Starden. It was well deserved, her lack of self-forgiveness, when I justified it. Still, I couldn’t help but feel guilt as my sister broke herself to pieces downstairs.
Poor Starden, I thought to myself. He certainly has his work cut out for him.
Despite my guilt, I didn’t think of her for long. Instantly, my mind reverted to last night, the woman and other finned creatures I had seen under the surface. What had happened? It was so confusing and disorienting, it brought a horrible ache to my head. I sighed, rubbing my forehead as I made my way towards my small ensuite. I kept the light off, preferring instead the natural light that streamed into my bedroom and coincidentally into the ensuite. The silver glittered walls shone with their own luminescence and I could hardly wait until I was finally in the shower, positioned towards the balcony with a glass barrier to keep the water from spraying out. The floor was tiled in ice white, matching those that formed the floor of the shower.
A small, modern hand basin sat above a set of long drawers. Above it hung a modern mirror, circular in shape, that revealed to me how truly exhausted I was. The confusion and disorientation started in my eyes, leaving them glistening with unanswered questions. My hair was a mass of straw-like knots atop my head and when I tried to smile, it looked more like a grimace. I shrugged, moving towards the shower quickly as I shoved off the thick material of the dress and my undergarments. With the water freezing in temperature, my body shook and goosebumps formed even before I stepped into the raging torrent.
At first, everything was fine as I focused on the water running over my body. Water-wrinkled fingers pushed the haystack of hair back from my face, my eyes shutting calmly. The sound of the ocean was completely lost in the sound of the cold shower, my feet tingling slightly as a reminder of what they could do. Then it all truly hit me, the force of realisation like a freight truck running me down. I doubled over, my legs giving way and my knees hitting the shower floor with jarring effect. Mermaids. Fins. Underwater. Flashes of that night wouldn’t leave me alone, wracking against my inner mind like butterflies being trapped. My head wouldn’t stop aching and I groaned in pain as I gently laid it against the tiles, the effect ringing through my skull.
What am I?
The shaking grew gradually worse, all of my inner emotions colliding with one another in such a way that I wasn’t able to move or speak. Had I been able to, I probably wouldn’t have. Even with the shower running and my head against the floor, I could hear my sister and her fury. Shouting her way up the stairs, I cringed as her shrieks rang through my head. If I had ever experienced a hangover, this is what I would imagine it to be like. The door to Lainie’s room slammed shut, leaving me shocked to find the house still standing. As it was, the shower shook above me from the shock, spraying water droplets wayward. My hands clawed at my head, trying to contain the agony of so much conflict. How was it even humanly possible to endure so many at one time?
Finally, I broke.
At first it came as a small sob, that quickly emerged into a heart-wrenching onslaught of tears and bloody tracks that my nails drew against my forearms. I was blinded by the pain of enduring so much at one time, shock leaving me breathless as I struggled to keep myself together. Years ago, before my sister and I were introduced to high school, I would have called out to her, hugged her tightly as she aided me in placing all the pieces of my shocked soul back together again. Now, though, I would only earn shrieks of anger for not paying attention to the ‘important’ things, like her failed attempts of seducing Ryker.
‘What does she see in him anyway?’ I whispered to no one. I’d never asked myself that before, oddly enough. I sighed. Why was life so damn difficult? My sister and her ruse relationship were annoying at the best of times, but after last night? Irritation clawed at my skin, tearing through the migraine that was devastatingly painful to my entire body. I gritted my teeth and tried hard not to scream at my sister for being so shallow and manipulative. How could Starden not know that she would be ready and willing to leave him at the drop of a hat if Ryker ever so much as winked an eye at her. He never winked at her. So why was she so focused on giving up everything to be with him?

Chapter Seven
‘One day you will do things for me that you hate. That is what it means to be family.’
Johnathon Safran Foer, ‘Everything is Illuminated’

When Lainie’s cries of heartfelt agony dulled down, I finally was able to gain a couple of hours sleep. It was difficult to remain in slumber, my body restless despite the deeply ingrained tiredness. Tossing and turning, I finally relinquished myself to remaining awake, the few hours sleep leaving me sluggish but otherwise happy to remain in bed. I trained my eyes on the ceiling, watching the shadows dance as my ceiling fan whirred above. Everything was so hot and sweaty, the covers sticking to me as I absently kicked them off and they tumbled to the floor. Outside, the sounds of the ocean simply left me nauseated, increasing as the recognisable drone of Nevada’s car pulled into the driveway.
I rolled onto my stomach and pulled the pillow over my head as I listened to her let herself in downstairs. She called out for both Lainie and me, but only Lainie responded with a loud, ‘Coming!’ followed by Starden scurrying out onto the balcony and down a tree adjacent to the house. All traces of Lainie’s heartbreak were gone as she ran downstairs and spoke with a too-bright smile in her voice. Then again, after discovering that we were adopted, I didn’t think that Nevada could truly berate my sister for her sleeping buddy. Instantly I was glad that I had been sleeping on the bottom of the ocean. Living with the memory of Lainie’s screams all night would have simply made my skin crawl for the rest of my life.
When the footfalls ascended the stairs, I ran to the door to lock them out, my feet failing to grip against the polished floorboards. I was too late. As I approached, the door swung open and my sister and faux mother entered the room, wearing smiles and flashing shiny pink, purple and green credit cards. Nevada approached me sheepishly, only pausing long enough to place a purple and green pair of cards in my hand before tucking tail and returning to her place by the doorway. Lainie was slightly more adventurous, approaching well into my personal space as she fanned herself with a handful of the credit cards.
‘It’s hot, tiring and we’re in serious need of a new wardrobe before autumn hits,’ she pointed out. ‘I vote that we take these babies out and give them a workout.’ She winked at me and I begrudgingly relinquished a tight smile, losing it instantly when Nevada grew her own. She wasn’t in my good books yet, and I would be damned if I let her off easy now. She seemed to realise as much as I turned on my heel and approached my closet, sorting through the different items for something to wear. They seemed to take the point, closing the door quietly as they went to get ready themselves.
The thought of staying home and simply sleeping for the rest of the day crossed my mind more than once, but each time I insisted on pushing through the shock of becoming finned and finally, I was eventually able to focus on what I was going to wear. I settled for a white dress with peach-coloured flowers, the spaghetti straps covering up the uneven tan from constant use of strapped clothing. I left my hair down, brushing through the long strands and topping it off with a pretty white rose headband that looped over my head from ear to ear. I smiled slightly when I saw myself in the mirror in my ensuite, dressed in pastels and achieving an appearance of innocence and soft beauty.
Deciding against jewellery, I grabbed a pair of beige flats and slid my feet into them. For a moment, I paused and looked at my wrist, thinking of the birth mark there. It was barely a centimetre squared, faint tan in colour but oddly shaped in the form of a trident. Poseidon’s trident. I shuddered, my feet tingling with the memory of fins and mythological beings. Could I really be from the sea? Contemplating to myself, I thought about my sister’s birthmark on the opposite wrist. It was perfectly formed, identical to my own.
Maybe if I just push her in …
I shook my head and berated myself internally for thinking of such ludicrousness. My sister wasn’t attached to the sea as I was. She loved the sun tan and the adoring boys that came with basking on the sand. Never would she risk destroying her make-up and perfectly styled hair. I shuddered to think of what her reaction would be should she discover it the way I had. The concept of undertaking this new knowledge, not by myself as I had initially thought, but with my sister slowly became appealing to me. Maybe I could depend on someone else.
When Lainie and Nevada made their way downstairs with keys jangling in my fingers, I knew it was time to break out of my thoughts and follow them out. Who knew, maybe a miracle would occur and I would find it in my heart to forgive Nevada, but it wouldn’t be likely. Eighteen years of lies kind of does that to a person, especially within the first twenty-four hours of discovering the deception. Would I ever get over it? That was a damn fine question.
As I exited my room, I snatched a tan handbag from my bed and took slow steps down to meet my sister and the mother of lies. Lainie offered me a grin while Nevada smiled sheepishly. Watching it fall from her face, I almost felt sorry for her but the pain came back raw and fresh as a reminder. I didn’t know if I could trust her again. We left a note for Chris on the bench top, and another on the fridge in case he failed to notice the other, and we filed out onto the back porch. The sun was blaring in full force now, baking the green grass and rose bushes with all its fury. My own bridled fury burned deep within, threatening to scorch through me and outshine the sun. Lainie wiped her fingers under her eyes, clearing away her runaway make-up.
The car was in the driveway, shining brightly as we approached. When Lainie reached for the handle to the front door, she squealed and jumped back, waving her hand around and dancing on the spot.
‘Damn, that’s hot!’ she exclaimed, blowing on the burn as Nevada got in and leaned across to open the door for her. She strained to open mine, too, but I reached it before her. Ignoring the burn that ensued, I grabbed the handle and yanked it open. She paused for a moment, meeting my eyes before turning sulkily back and looking at my sister. Lainie was trying hard to keep her eyes from running, to the point I thought she would cry more from her make-up running rather than her burning hand. I rolled my eyes and pulled on my large, white-rimmed sunglasses, turning the world dark through the new perspective.
We made our way to the Beaufort Plaza Shopping Centre, parking near the more popular restaurants and shops. As we filed out of the car, I turned my attention to the Taco Bell. It was already beginning to reach full swing, customers filing in and out of the doors faster than they could serve them. I followed Nevada and Lainie through the expanse, taking in the familiar shops and noting a few new additions. Pandora Boutique had finally opened, a formal dress shop that appeared to be doing well. As proof, we walked past noting two girls in the store with an assistant, watching a to-be bride swirl around in a dress of white organza and gems.
‘Come on,’ I heard Lainie insist, grabbing my wrist a moment later. I was dragged after her and Nevada, earning a small smile from Nevada as I stumbled past. Lainie led me in the direction of the Pandora café, a branch off from the Pandora Boutique. It was lavish and expensive, and I almost declined her insistence, but then I changed my mind. Nevada clearly was up for a high day of spending, so why not have a decent meal once in a while? Lainie didn’t seem to notice my hesitation, her eyes focused on the beautiful café. She was practically glued to the salad bar, her eyes focused on a 99% fat free roll of salad. When she finally reached the salad bar, she released me and I stumbled in surprise, quickly recovering the moment I saw Nevada enter and noticed her concern for me.
‘Hello ma’am,’ the girl behind the black marble top addressed me. She brushed her side-swept fringe out of her eyes and focused on me with a smile. I returned it with my own saddened version. ‘What may I get for you?’ She stood back, pen at the ready in her long, pale fingers tipped with cherry red nail polish.
‘I’ll have a double caramel mocha with four sugars,’ I announced, noting her shock before it was swept clean from her face. She instead focused a very pointed smile at me. ‘I’ll also have a set of pancakes with your best maple syrup and hand-churned butter.’ She whistled in reply, shaking her head to herself as she recorded the meal on paper. When she finally finished and presented to us the price, I failed to listen for the shock. Almost sixty dollars later, I was sitting down to my double white mocha and pancakes while Nevada dropped her wallet ungracefully onto the table and sat down with a sigh.
‘You girls are expensive,’ she told us, offering a small smile. No, she rarely got annoyed for spending her money so plentiful on us. I suppose eighteen years of guilt will make a person lenient, regardless of the cost. She sipped on her own strawberries and cream mocha, frowning slightly as I imagined her contemplating the projected cost of the day’s shopping spree and the damage she would have to make up. I shrugged slightly to myself. It wasn’t my problem.
We ate and drank in silence, waiting for each other to finish before we finished our own. The awkwardness was almost palpable, my sister’s eyes glued to the newest information on her phone concerning Isabella’s burns and Ryker’s commitment to her. I didn’t have my phone on me, but I didn’t need to when I felt the raw guilt running through me, knowing that something had happened during that afternoon between me and the pool water, causing her burns. When my thoughts became too much, I turned my gaze across the room, scanning the customers as they filed in through the entrance and sat at their own tables. I almost turned away, bored with watching them, but then he entered.
Everything about him called to me.
From the way his dark hair was mussed to the way it fell over mysterious, cyan eyes. They glowed with their own inner luminescence. He was all tough, lean muscle that held definition without being that of a too-muscular body builder. His short-sleeved shirt clung in all the right places, and his height left him towering above the waitress. Then he met my eyes and I was swallowed by such depths of mystery and intrigue. I shivered with intoxication. When Lainie kicked my foot from under the table, I was finally able to drag my gaze away and break whatever connection it was that had fallen on me.
‘Stop eyeballing the dude,’ she hissed, flipping her hair over her shoulder. She sat up and I watched as she met his gaze and winked. In disgust, his lip raised and he turned away. Lainie rolled her eyes and took a sip of her drink. ‘Drop kick.’ He seemed to have noticed, because he chuckled as he bent over his ordered coffee. He blew the steam away and sipped, my gaze transfixed on him before I realised I was staring. I bit my lip and turned my focus on my sister as she watched.
‘You should watch what you say about people,’ I muttered, twisting a straw between my fingers. ‘Perhaps one day it might come back to haunt you.’ She rolled her eyes and flipped her hand, waving me off.
‘Don’t be stupid Iris,’ she told me. ‘Don’t pretend you care just because you like the guy. You and I both know nothing will happen. I’ll always be Queen-B.’ I laughed.
‘That’s until Queen-A comes and knocks you off the perch,’ I muttered, snickering as she attempted to kick me under the table. She missed, kicking her toe of the underside of my chair instead. My laughter only increased, until I was laughing loud enough to gain the attention of the entire café and a cold-as-ice glare from Lainie. I blushed, burrowing my chin against my chest as the patrons returned to their meals. My gaze flickered in the direction of the guy at the bar, and my blush worsened when I saw him watching me with open curiosity.
Nevada sensed it was time to leave. I sighed a breath of relief and practically ran from the inner workings of the café, brushing past the guy as my cheeks burned. Lainie took her time instead, running a dainty pink fingernail along the length of his shoulders as she passed. She breathed huskily in his ear before she met Nevada and me outside, and I grabbed their hands and quickly led them away. Nevada remained silent, but Lainie clearly wasn’t taking the hint when I elbowed her in the gut. She continued chatting merrily, teasing me well until we reached the car and ushered her inside.
‘Oh, come on sis,’ she groaned childishly. Nevada entered the driver’s seat whilst I made my way into the back. My jaw ached from how tightly I had been holding it shut, in fear that I would burst if I gave in. ‘It’s just a guy. No need to get all huffy about it!’ She huffed, crossing her arms as she kicked off her shoes and folded her legs. Obviously the shopping trip was off, if Nevada’s eagerness to leave was any indication. She reversed quickly, the wheels skidding as the newly falling rain of morning began to make the roads slick.We sat back in our seats as she made her way back home, and eventually the tension in the air began to thin out.
By the time we were driving past the docks, Lainie was well and truly recovered and ready to be out again. Pulling over to the curb, Nevada idled the car as I followed Lainie out with the excuse of visiting Macy’s. Nevada appeared to be reluctant to release us, but then she realised that being the more reliable of the two, I would keep my sister under a tight leash - or so she preferred to believe.
‘Be good girls,’ she told us through the open car window. ‘And behave! I don’t want to be hearing reports back from Macy saying that you’re harassing her too much.’
‘Yeah, yeah,’ Lainie replied, waving her off. She slipped her handbag higher on her shoulder and we listened as the car moved away and further down the road. She kept walking down the path, rolling her eyes as she examined her comments and statuses on her phone, narrowing her eyes when she spotted more information about Ryker and Isabella. I ignored her rants as we entered Macy’s. Macy was behind the bar, washing glasses as we approached. She and I exchanged a knowing glance before she turned to face my sister.
‘Vanilla coke?’ she asked, knowing very well what Lainie’s answer would be. She was already pouring the glass when my sister finally managed to pry her eyes away from her phone long enough to nod. I didn’t bother having a glass, following my sister outside after she dropped her bag behind the bar. She led me to the edge of the boat where it met the dock, the water lapping against the pillars below. Lainie sipped at her drink while she looked at me, her eyes scrutinising. It was unnerving, watching my mirror image look at me so closely.
‘So,’ she addressed me. ‘You like that guy?’ I narrowed my eyes. She was planning something, and depending on my answer, I probably wouldn’t like it. Eventually, I shrugged.
‘Even if I did, it wouldn’t be any of your business,’ I replied, narrowing my eyes at her. A thought crossed my mind, and before I knew it, I was pushing her into the water. She screamed as she fell, the coke splaying over my clothes and she entered the water in a splay of arms and legs. A moment later, I was diving in after her and dragged her deep under the water, close enough for her to surface quickly but far enough out that no one could see my emerging fins.
It was difficult swimming with my fins. The large mass of scales and muscles glided through the water, but when we eventually surfaced to give Lainie air, I noticed we were no longer near land. The buildings dotted the green of the land, the boats merely small shapes on the horizon. For a moment all I could hear were the slight waves around us. They lapped around me gently but were quickly interrupted by a spray of water droplets as my sister surfaced, shrieking a string of curses at me. She glared, her make-up ruined and her hair limp with water. She fisted her hands and battered me weakly, her nails drawing thin trails of blood. I finally caught her fists, stopping her in mid-swing.
‘LAINIE!’
I caught her attention, her eyes blinking as my fins lifted from the water in a beautiful show of blue and lilac scales. They shone brightly in the sunlight that peaked out from the impending grey clouds above. Her gaze finally focused, understanding dawning in her mind and she pushed away from me, screaming.
‘WHAT ARE YOU?’ she shrieked, her voice ringing through my head. I didn’t answer her though. Instead, I dived under the water and towards where her legs had been, intrigued to find that they had been replaced by a long, lean set of ruby red and orange fins. They were predominantly ruby red, but the orange formed thin bands around her, beginning at her hips and trailing down. She reminded me of a tropical fish, only so much more beautiful.
I finally surfaced behind her, smiling as I began to circle around. When I didn’t seem likely to answer, she shook her head and began to swim back to shore. She didn’t manage to swim far though, her new fins unable to move smoothly and she began to sink. She started to panic, and I swam forward to hold her above the surface. Her arms locked around me, just as she used to when she was scared when we were little. She began to cry.
‘I am the same as you,’ I whispered in her ear. ‘We are mythological creatures.’

Chapter Eight
‘The best people possess a feeling for beauty, the courage to take risks…’
Ernest Hemingway

I tried to explain what I could when I brought Lainie back to shore, but for the remainder of the weekend, she didn’t utter a word to me. For the first time since primary school, her statuses were untouched and messages of worry started to appear on her online profile at the conclusion of the first day. Even when school went back on Monday, she was unusually quiet, and her minion Damian kept up conversation on her behalf. She hadn’t showered either, instead preferring to douse her clothes in potent levels of her favourite perfume than risk growing fins in the shower. I vowed that morning to write her a note and let her know she could shower. Apparently only salty sea water changed us. At least I could keep up my position on the swim team, but my surfing career would never again be considered an option.
‘Iris!’
I shook my head, blinking mid-way through removing my books for English. My best friend Fran stood before me, her hand on my shoulder as she shook me from my stupor. She rolled her eyes, offering me a small smile. She looked like she had slept well, her dark African-American skin absolutely glowing with energy. Her deep hazel eyes matched, alert as they watched me. Obviously I was sleep deprived, my head leaning against the locker beside mine as I fought to remain upright. Her lips pursed with concern.
‘She’s still not talking to you?’ she asked. I shook my head. I had told her most of what had happened during the weekend, avoiding the finned-instead-of-legs part. She knew I had pushed Lainie into the water, and she couldn’t understand why Lainie wasn’t talking to me still. I simply shrugged as she pondered.
‘She’s Lainie,’ I pointed out. ‘She’s certainly unique.’ She laughed in response and I quickly shut my locker. I was late for class. Fran, too. We hurried, turning on our heels in the direction of our classrooms. I had English while she had Algebra, but at the very least they were right next door to each other.
‘Look,’ Fran said, ‘I know it’s difficult, but just try and get along. Don’t argue and give her some time and space. She’ll come around. She always does.’ I looked at her hopefully. She could sense there was more to it than I was letting on, but she also knew just what to say. Her advice was priceless.
‘Do you really think so?’ I whispered, pausing outside the English doorway. I could hear the drone of the teacher as they introduced some new person to our class. Fran reached across and squeezed my shoulder, her black lace dress swaying when she moved.
‘You’re family. She might be angry now, but she’ll get over it,’ she informed me. ‘Stay strong and patient. You’ll see.’
With a final squeeze and a small smile, she opened the door to her class and stepped inside. I remained in place for a moment longer, lingering after her as her words echoed in my head. Relief coursed through my body as I considered it. She wasn’t just my best friend. She was Lainie’s, too, and she always knew how to make things better. Her knowledge of my sister and I were immeasurable, and I valued her input highly. Had I been acknowledging Nevada, I would have asked her. I shook my head. No, she wasn’t forgiven yet.
My lips pursed as I grabbed the door handle and pulled, exposing the room to my entrance as I pulled my books tight to my chest. I looked over at the front of the room, finding that the guy who I had seen at Pandora was standing before me. All eyes had left him and were focused on me as I ducked my head, his curious gaze following me as I quickly apologised and made my way to the back of the room. I spotted Lainie death glaring me, quickly returning to face the front as our teacher continued to introduce the new student.
His name was Xanthias Adair. He came from Miami and was cousin to three girls from my school of the surname Davies. He was a straight-A student. Finally, he was allowed to be released from the front of the room and he trailed up the hall, scanning for a spare seat. His cheeks were slightly reddened with embarrassment and he kept his hair over his eyes, increasing the brightness of the cyan in his irises. When he reached the end closest to me, he met my eyes and smiled, leaving butterflies skittering through my chest. I bit my lip and looked down at my book, my hand itching to grab my pencil and draw to avert my eyes.
The chair beside me screeched across the floor.
I didn’t dare move. My chest barely moved as I tried to breathe as little as possible without passing out. From the corner of my eye, I could see his sneakers wrapped around the chair legs and his elbow resting on the table. The scent of cologne gently wafted over from him, not in the intrusive way that many males attempted in order to cover over their body odour, but in the way that was just right. Only when he eventually moved to remove his books from his bag did I chance a glance over at him, watching his muscles ripple under the dark material of his shirt. His skin was more pale than I would have imagined from someone that lived in Miami, but then again I was simply jumping to conclusions. I scanned him, taking in a general overview of his physique when I came across a long, jagged scar that ran the length of his forearm.
‘Hello.’ I jumped. When my eyes focused I noticed that I had been staring at him. He smiled, drinking in my surprise at being caught. I felt like a deer caught in headlights, my heart racing as our eyes held. His crinkled at the edges when he smiled, leaving him with an appearance of intense joy and happiness. I offered him a sore excuse of a smile in return, blushing as I finally relinquished to my itching hand and drew over my book. My cheeks burned as I felt him staring.
For the remainder of English, I ignored him. He didn’t try to speak to me further, for which I was grateful. I already felt embarrassed enough for what I had done during the weekend, let alone during class. When the end of class was announced by the drone of shoes against floors, I jogged from the classroom and didn’t stop until I was in front of my locker. I couldn’t get away fast enough, not even stopping when I almost bowled Fran over as she exited her own classroom. She called after me but I was already gone.
Only when I was shutting my locker did she manage to catch up to me, slamming her hand on the locker beside mine. Her eyes were narrowed as she tossed her books haphazardly in the open locker, crushing my bag with their weight. Her hands settled around her crossed arms, head cocked to the side.
‘Why the big hurry Speedy Gonzales?’ she questioned, her thin frame towering over me. I didn’t have time to answer her though, because the new guy Xanthias followed his cousins past my locker. He smiled at me before I could look away, earning myself a set of flaming cheeks and Fran’s gaping face staring at me. I bit my lip and shoved her books aside, grabbing my bag from within.
She stepped in my way as I tried to escape. ‘Oh, no you don’t,’ she managed. ‘You’re going to tell me every little detail of new guy Juicy Boy right there. He’s smitten over you, and you know it!’ She grabbed my shoulder and tried to steer me away but I shook my head. The last thing I needed right now was to be around people, and that unfortunately included Fran.
‘I’m sorry,’ I apologised, shaking my head. ‘I have to go. I’ll talk soon.’
Before she had an opportunity to reply, I was out of the doors and in my car, taking in the leaves that were beginning to settle against my car’s windshield. It wouldn’t be long until I couldn’t escape to the ocean for solitude, but until then I would swim until I couldn’t stand it anymore. With a mission on my mind, I veered out of the car lot and toward Atlantic Beach.
It was cold this afternoon for summer, but there were still some beach goers lingering along the water’s edge. They braved the piercing winds, whipping sand and sea spray through their hair and clothes, lashing against their skin painfully. I didn’t go onto the beach, instead choosing to linger near the bridge where a family were out for a pleasant afternoon stroll. I couldn’t believe how the weather had changed, from sweltering heat last week to freezing winds this week. I had no doubt that winter would be coming early this year, even though summer break hadn’t even started yet. The water felt the changes before the wind exemplified it.
I couldn’t help but watch the family curiously. They looked worse for wear, their clothes torn and dirty, stained in places with what appeared to be crude oil. The grime didn’t stop simply at their clothes. It marred the faces of the parents, and even their daughter’s. She couldn’t have been any more than five, grinning widely with yellowed teeth. She darted about the bridge, grabbing onto the banister and almost flinging herself head over heels before jumping down and returning to her parents. They didn’t appear to care, which worried me greatly as she teetered repeatedly over the edge. Not once did they call her back, her sweaty hands slipping on the banister. Finally, she ran further down the bridge, slipping her feet onto the highest bars of the banister.
‘Look at me!’ she called back to her emotionless parents. Her arms swung out wide. ‘I’m on the Titanic-’
Within a moment her calls turned to screams as she lost her grip and tumbled over the edge. Finally her parents appeared to come to life as they ran forward, reaching down in an attempt to catch her. She plummeted toward the churning, dark water below and broke the surface with a thwack!
I didn’t think as her parents yelled at each other. Neither of them could swim. I didn’t even strip down to my swimmers as I ran to the bridge and plummeted in after her. My swimming training kicked in and I sliced into the water, my body hardly presenting any drag. Under the water I blinked away the bubbles and felt as my fins tore through my shorts, forming a single blue-lilac entity. My eyes were wide as I scanned the water desperately, tuning into the harmonics of the water’s movements as I tried to get a hold on where she was. Finally, my ears received a series of gurgled screams as a response and I turned.
Through the darkness I could barely make out two shapes. One was obviously the young girl, her thrashing growing less as she fought to keep to the surface. Yet the other appeared to be much larger and loomed over her in a shimmer of movement. I flicked my tail, using the tough muscles to power me toward her. For a moment, I thought the looming figure was a shark, but as I approached I discovered that it was actually a finned figure.
Their fins were golden, like a lion’s mane in the sunshine and the masculinity of one, too. He moved with grace and precision, his arms encompassing the child’s newly unconscious form and he gently pressed a kiss upon her forehead, leaving her suddenly able to breathe. She coughed on the salty sea water, and as I watched from the distance, I saw his fins as they suddenly shimmered brightly and formed two separate entities. I blushed, realising that the figure was completely unclad. Thankfully I wasn’t close enough to make out any distinctions other than that his fins were gone, and he turned to face me as the child began to open her eyes.
I froze. He froze. Everything froze.
Literally, time froze. It was disorienting, no longer hearing the rush of the water against my ears and seeing the entire world on pause. I felt my energy draining and my mind quickly melting into shock, but in that moment I was finally able to make myself move. Moving through frozen water was like having my body set in cement. With each movement, I slowly made a few centimetres’ progress through the hardened jelly-like substance that was the ocean. My breath was frozen, like the rest of the ocean around me, but I found that I wasn’t breathless at all. Finally, I managed to make a decent amount of distance and my heart finally began to beat.
Like a rubber band snapping, time returned to normal and my body slackened, my muscles turning to runny jelly. I fought to keep myself in place, my eyes focused on the face before me. Dark hair rimmed mysterious cyan eyes and I knew who he was. I recognised him instantly, even though I had only seen him a few times. He recognised me, too, because his eyes flashed with recognition and in an instant, he was making his way around the land to the beach. There were people there. There were people to help her. She was safe.
With that realisation dawning in my mind, I finally broke out of my stupor and quickly darted back in the direction of the docks. I didn’t care that I had left my car at the beach, nor that I would be up for a long walk back to retrieve it. Thankfully my car key wasn’t electronic, pressed tight in my shirt pocket as I swam as fast as I could. It was overcast and began to rain when I reached the docks. Macy was outside, her washing hung over the edge of the boat as she quickly locked up the boat and tied it securely to the docks. The boat creaked as it knocked against the docks and I quickly noted where Macy was.
In a single surge of energy, I pushed myself from the water and reached for the towel closest to me. It was windy enough that the semi-dry towel could be assumed as having blown away, I thought as I snatched it. My body quickly descended back into the water with a splash and I vowed that I would return it to her after tonight’s storm passed.
After making sure that the coast was clear, I quickly yanked myself out of the water and onto the green grass across the street from my house. I landed with a thud on the ground, firmly securing the towel around my fins as my legs appeared in their place. Sea spray lashed up at me as I made my way across the street and onto the front porch, my body shaking with cold as I let myself in and clambered up the stairs.
Following a lovely, warm shower, I found myself sitting downstairs with a mug of hot chocolate and lightning dancing all around the house. Silently, I was kicking myself. My car was still at Atlantic Beach, probably getting towed away or destroyed by the storm. All I knew was that I had no hope of driving it to school in the morning. I sighed, shutting my eyes as I settled into the warm couch by the window. All the lights remained off. I was the only one home, and I quite enjoyed it that way. I sighed contentedly and almost drifted off to sleep when my phone beeped beside me. It was Fran.
The Davies want to speak with you. I gave them your number because they said they were urgent. Sorry. Goodnight darl’.
Franny.
I shuddered. The Davies. Xanthias’ relatives.
Perhaps it would be a good thing. I needed answers that Xanthias obviously had. Maybe they were all in on it, and it was some kind of massive operation. Top secret. Maybe I would be an undercover agent and this was my way of spying. Who would ever believe someone who thinks they see a mermaid on their radar? The more I thought about it, the more appealing it became.
Yeah, I thought to myself with a small smile. I could do that. I could be a spy.
These Davies would have answers, I was sure of it. But first thing was first. I leaned over to my phone where I had tossed it without a thought, dialing my sister’s number. She didn’t pick up, her prim voice picking up for the answering machine. The recorder beeped as it began taping my message.
‘Call me,’ I said.

Chapter Nine
‘Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.’
Arthur Ashe

Lainie didn’t return my call and I didn’t see her until the following day. After I retrieved my car I let myself in after school, kicking my shoes off at the back door before I climbed the stairs. The Davies had got in touch with me before school, asking me to visit their home that afternoon. My plan was to receive answers and leave, but if I couldn’t drag Lainie along with me, I determined that I wouldn’t go. I sighed and cleaned myself up in my room before descending the stairs, listening to the roar of Starden’s car as it puttered to a stop in the driveway. Lainie’s voice rang out as she waved him goodbye and I waited by the door with arms crossed as she opened the door and entered the threshold.
She stopped in her tracks, obviously unnerved to find me standing in the doorway. It didn’t take long for her to resume though, and she stalked past with a stormy expression. Her feet thundered up the stairs, threatening to snap the dainty heels that she wore. Following behind her, I kept my arms at the ready in case she started to fall backward. She finally reached the top and entered her room, slamming the door in my face.
‘You can’t ignore me forever!’ I yelled, bashing a clenched fist against the door. ‘Why did you ignore my call? Why didn’t you reply?’ I continued thrusting questions at the door, my fist conducting a rhythm as she tried to tire me out. She knew that I wouldn’t give up. Eventually she gave in and swung the door open. Her face was masked in fury, cutting deep wrinkles into her forehead and around her eyes. She looked older, and nowhere near as beautiful as she usually did. I made an internal note to smile more. Frowning was ugly.
‘I don’t want to speak to you!’ she shouted in my face. ‘Go away!’
Her hand grasped the door, ready to slam it again but I reached out and caught it mid-swing. She glared, trying to shake it from my hand but without success. Shrieking, her voice carried through the room and down the hall, and in a single moment I found that I was unable to stop myself from relinquishing my grip on the door. Cool air assaulted my face as the entrance shut before me and my legs worked unwillingly to drag myself back into my room. I frowned, my muscles almost snapping as I tried to stop them from moving. It was as though I were powerless against my sister’s wish for me to leave.
Desperate, I shut my eyes as my hands reached for my bedroom door and my muscles jerked in a tight spasm as I called on the time freeze that I had come to realise was a special ability of mine. I had been practicing the previous night, only managing to stretch the freeze for a few moments before time snapped back. I was afraid that if I played around with it too much, repercussions would occur. Nonetheless, much as I tried, I simply was unable to go beyond a few seconds before my energy depleted and the rubber band that was time snapped back into place. Right now, it took all my energy and concentration to cease time, but when I did I found that I was able to move freely.
With time paused for a few precious moments, I seized the opportunity to open the door to my sister’s room and slip inside. She was frozen, like ice, as she appeared to have been moving toward the curtains over her French doors. Our rooms were identical, only flipped like our personalities. While mine was a series of pastels, bare walls and bright light, her room was overbearingly golden in colour and sported numerous posters of her favourite celebrities. Amongst them all was a framed image of Ryker, stolen from his online profile and enlarged to fit as a shrine-like image surrounded by the lesser ‘Gods’ of her life. My head pulsed with an impending migraine just looking at him.
When I took my final few steps in front of my sister, time finally returned with a whiplash effect. My body shuddered from the transition, but my eyes were firmly focused on my sister’s face as she screamed and jumped back. Her body shook in fright and her eyes appeared to almost bulge completely out of their sockets. I stifled a laugh behind my hand and took a step toward her.
‘I want to know,’ I told her. ‘I want to know why you won’t talk to me.’
‘Ha!’ she replied. ‘That’s really quite simple. I am avoiding you because you scare me Iris! How am I meant to cope with all this, huh?’ She lifted her shoulders in a desperate shrug, but I was over her desperate act. My fists clenched and I gritted my teeth, barely keeping my temper under control. She met my glare fiercely, her nostrils flaring. In an instant her desperation faded into anger, and she stalked over me. She towered over my body, her heels giving her plenty of extra height. I wasn’t afraid of her though. I probably ought to have been, but my fury was taking over and I shoved a long fingernail into her spiky collarbone.
‘Don’t you think that I know how it feels?’ I demanded, forcing her to step back. ‘Don’t you think I understand how scary it is? I haven’t known for long either, Lainie. I only found out the day before you, on our birthday! Lovely birthday present, isn’t it?’ Her eyes were wide, her back against the wall by the time I stopped thrashing questions at her. Her shoulders were back, head pulled in like a scared turtle. I blinked, backing away as my phone buzzed in my pocket. I checked the caller I.D. It was the Davies. I swore under my breath as Lainie watched on. She barely seemed to breathe, too scared to do so in my presence. My shoulders dropped as I placed my phone in my pocket.
With my resignation, she finally began to return to normal. She dropped her own shoulders and she moved past me to her bed. She lay back onto the mattress, pressing into the softness of the pillows which always proved a little too firm for me. Her feet crossed over in front of her, kicking off her heels in a show of unladylike fashion that she would never let anyone but me see. I always was privileged to see my sister’s workings, but they were usually negative and something I could do without. My phone chimed in my hand again and a text message showed on the screen. Reluctantly, I opened it and scrolled down to read.
We’re waiting for you. Travel safe.
Pearl.
It was the old Davies woman from the phone call this morning. I sighed and looked at my sister, pulling out my keys in a peace gesture. It was my equivalent to an olive branch, but it caught her attention in no time. She was on her feet in an instant, gravitating toward the shiny metal. I pulled it away at the last minute, just as her thin fingers reached out to snatch it. When she appeared disappointed, I tsked my finger at her.
‘I will make a deal with you,’ I announced, gritting my teeth when I paused. My car was my baby. I never let anyone drive her, let alone the road maniac that was my sister. ‘I will allow you behind the wheel twice but only if you come with me to the Davies’ house.’ She frowned, obviously confused. She opened her mouth to speak but I tsked her again and she fell silent. Her lips pursed with the decision weighing heavily on her shoulders. She loved the feel of my car in her hands, which was exactly why she never got behind the wheel. She sped too fast, and slammed on the brakes at every turn. I blamed Starden for teaching her bad habits but I had to admit that the temptation to drive crazily was a sensation that I could barely stop myself from giving in to.
She looked at me, weighing up her options. Eventually she nodded, giving into the temptation. She knew there were strings attached but obviously being behind the wheel outweighed whatever consequences she knew would come of this. I took a deep breath and finally released the key, watching as it fell from my grasp and was snatched up in her greedy fingers. She clutched her hand to her chest, her fingers wrapped tightly around the metal. Without a second thought, she crossed the room and I had to run to catch up to her. Our feet thundered down the stairs and a moment later she was strapped into her favourite sandals and wandering out the back door. I could barely keep up with her fast pace.
The Davies lived on a property surrounded by trees closer inland but still within a short walk of the ocean. I had been there a couple of times during my childhood with Chris and Nevada but despite not having been there in years, word had it that the property never changed. The flowers were always in bloom, even during winter when the snow fell. It was falling heavier every year, but it only proved to bring the flowers even brighter each spring. It was weird and unnatural, and was the reason why we decided not to visit any longer. Even now, knowing that we would be going there, I felt weird. There was something about them that wasn’t … normal.
Lainie didn’t care though. She reversed onto the street, the wheels squealing against the road as she floored it. I was thrust back in my seat, gripping the door until my knuckles turned white in fear of what she would do to my car. Usually it would have taken nearly ten minutes, but the time flew in sync with the blur of traffic and scenery. Numerous times I told her to slow down, and for a while she did, before she started flooring it again to make up for lost time. I breathed a sigh of relief as she pulled into the Davies’ driveway, puttering along the holey dirt road.
We were met with an ancient-looking homestead, surrounded by trees and bushes, and garden beds laden with rainbows of colour. A series of varied wind chimes hung along the front porch, a large wooden swing set beside the wall. The homestead was well kept, washed often enough to practically shine in all seasons. The window sills had barely a speck of dust on them, and never a smear was to be found on the glass. The dirt road was lined with a row of trees that varied in shades of ruby red to sunflower yellow despite only being the beginning of summer, the leaves drifting down to meet us as we drove under them. Lainie pulled us to a stop by the steps leading to the porch. A small pond trickled with water from a fountain and was surrounded by the dirt road, indicating their wealth.
Pearl Davies sat on the porch swing as she waited for us. Lainie and I met her at the top of the stairs, offering her some smiles but still wary of her. She had barely seemed to age my entire life, her hair still deep brown with only a few white streaks to tell of her age. Her skin was remarkable, barely marred by wrinkles even though she was probably well into her seventies or eighties. No one ever knew for sure because she always looked far too young for her biological age. Even now, as she met us, she barely looked older than fifty. I crossed my fingers and hoped that I looked as good as she did when I aged.
She smiled as she greeted Lainie and me, pulling us into a quick hug. She was a plump woman, her cheeks round but not overweight. Her eyes were bright blue, like Xanthias’ and her skin resembled his pale complexion. I wondered if she spent any time in the sun, or if it was the reason behind their youthful appearances. She seemed to realise my reluctance to move closer and she took a step back. Her smile only remained as genuine as before, untainted by my reaction.
‘Welcome girls,’ she said, her voice heavily tainted with a Romanian accent. She stepped aside, gesturing for us to enter. ‘Please, come in. We’ve been waiting for you.’ Lainie almost tripped over herself in her haste. She loved the Davies’ homestead almost as much as she loved Ryker. I wavered for a moment and Pearl took that as a sign to enter first, her long hair swaying as she followed my sister. Inside, it was surprisingly bright and I discovered that despite the word around town, this place had changed. The walls were no longer dark violet, but an ice white and the windows had been enlarged. The floors were no longer adorned in thick, shaggy carpet but floor boards that shone almost white with their pallor.
A wall had been knocked down in the kitchen to create an open-plan living area for their family, and as I stepped inside I found that the lounge was connected as well. The old lounges were replaced with bright red couches that were plush and sunk down when my sister sat back in one. I did a quick scan, finding the three Davies girls from my school surrounding a shiny white counter top. They sat on black stools, while Xanthias and a woman younger than Pearl were out on the back porch, arguing amongst themselves. I swallowed and sat beside my sister, hoping that they weren’t talking about me. When Pearl sat across from us on another couch, I noticed another old woman sitting beside her with a cup of tea, sipping at it delicately as the steam poured off it.
‘Welcome to our home,’ Pearl announced, spreading her arms wide. ‘I’m sure that you remember it from your childhood. How are your parents? It’s been a while.’
She smiled as she sat back with her own cup of tea and waited expectantly. I cleared my throat and kept my eyes from glancing outside as I heard Xanthias and the woman enter. I heard them as they sat out of my range of view.
‘They’re going okay,’ Lainie answered for me, noticing my reluctance. ‘Dad’s going fine with his job. He’s actually been Head of Police for the past couple of years now. He got a pay rise and everything. He was finally able to pay off the last of the mortgage and we even were able to get a new car.’
Pearl seemed disinterested in our newfound wealth but nodded anyway. ‘That’s excellent news,’ she commented. ‘I trust that school is going well?’
Lainie jumped to answer, but everyone else in the room knew that it was small talk before we entered into the more tenuous information. I rubbed my hands together, digging my nails into the skin between my thumb nails and the first joints. It was a calming method for me that started when I was younger. Nevada told me to stop or my fingers would drop off. They hadn’t yet, and if I stopped one day they would heal. At least they didn’t cut deep and bleed like they had when I was still in primary school.
After finally breaking the ice with Lainie, Pearl steered away from her and addressed me directly. I kept my gaze on her as she spoke. ‘Iris, you may be wondering why I invited you here this afternoon, and I’m sure that it’s nothing that you’re thinking,’ she added, her gaze cutting to Xanthias. My anxiety eased a little, but the majority remained as she continued. ‘We believe that you have some important information to share with us, and we’re willing to do so in return. But we must ask first, do you believe in magic?’
Lainie and I exchanged glances, the first sign I had seen of unease from her. It suddenly dawned on her - judging by her expression - that we weren’t simply here for milk and cookies. I kept my back straight as I nodded.
‘I will admit I am more lenient as of recently about the possibility that magic may exist, yes,’ I answered, surprised when my voice failed to waver. ‘Why do you ask?’ Lainie remained quiet but nodded when Pearl looked to her for affirmation. She sat forward then and gently set down her tea cup on the glass coffee table that separated us. The woman beside her - a twin, perhaps - reached beside their couch and retrieved what appeared to be a thick and ancient text. It was dusty and the pages yellowed, and it made a weighty thud when they placed it on the table. They flipped through to a page and covered it over with a piece of paper before they looked at us.
‘We do believe that you, girls, discovered something recently that may be of interest to us,’ she continued, her eyes series as they leveled over us. I broke out in a sweat and barely winced when my nails dug in too deep, drawing thin trails of blood where they had pressed. She didn’t appear to notice, her gaze flitting between our two faces. Lainie sat forward, intrigued. She may have been afraid of me since discovering her fins but apparently these old family friends were trustworthy. I pretended not to feel hurt by her lack of trust in me.
‘Grandmother Pearl,’ the woman with Xanthias said. She stepped forward into my line of view. ‘Are you sure that you want to release these secrets? We hardly know them.’
It was a fair question. Pearl turned her gaze on her. ‘Yes,’ she replied simply.
The woman - probably Xanthias’ mother - bowed her head respectfully and returned to her position out of my sight. Pearl smiled apologetically and gestured to the woman beside her. They looked like twins, but the woman beside her appeared to be older judging by the immense streaks of white that pierced her hair.
‘This is Great Aunt Lisbeth,’ she introduced, the old woman bowing her head in respect. We returned the gesture as she brought the others forward. In turn we discovered that the woman from before was, indeed, Xanthias’ mother, Chrysabelle Adair. She appeared to be a tight woman, her lips pursed and her expression clearly indicating that she thought this wasn’t business for people she just met. Xanthias was next but while Lainie gave him a quick wave, I turned my gaze away. He passed by quickly without uttering much more than a ‘hello’.
The three young Davies girls I had already met at school, but I could never remember who was who. Like the others, they all shared the same dark hair, pale skin and blue eyes, but no one had the mystery of Xanthias. The eldest was Delora Davies, towering over her grandmother and great aunt as though they were dwarfs. She was a kind-hearted girl with a beautiful smile, but always a bit too odd for my liking.
Her sisters were younger, twins who - when they stood together - looked like a group of triplets. Athana Davies was known as the school’s head of the yearbook, while her sister Chelsea was a local surfing champion. She beamed, her eyes occasionally flitting towards the mantel where all her trophies were lined up in order of size. When they were all introduced, she didn’t stop beaming even as they took their seats back around the bench top.
Pearl smiled. ‘As you can see, youthfulness and beauty runs through our family,’ she said. ‘However, it doesn’t run through yours. We’ve known for many years that you aren’t biologically related to Chris and Nevada Glass. Now that you know of your adopted family, we would like to help you find your real one.’ Lainie and I exchanged a glance. What could they possibly do for us? There were billions of people in the world, and we could be related to any number of them. I met Pearl’s gaze directly.
‘How?’ I asked, watching her carefully. She offered me a graceful smile and gestured to the kitchen table. A row of white candles were set in place along the dark wooden surface, glowing brightly from the tiny flames.
‘Magic,’ she replied.

Chapter Ten
‘There is nothing so likely to produce peace as to be well prepared to meet the enemy.’
George Washington

Lainie surprised me.
After announcing the bombshell that was their method of finding our true bloodline, she didn’t appear to be afraid or concerned. Instead, she seemed excited to get it under way. I suppose it was interesting, finally having an opportunity to understand where we truly came from, but I was concerned. Magic wasn’t something to play around with. If we did something wrong, we would be the ones to suffer the consequences. I gritted my teeth to stop myself from saying anything as they sat us at the table and placed the white candles all around. They formed a circle of light, and the young Davies sisters used a shaker of salt to spread a thin line of protection around the outside of the candles.
When they were finally finished, they placed the salt back on the bench top and joined us at the table. I sat beside Lainie, directing myself as close to her as possible. My muscles were still but tense, ready to run at the drop of a pin if the need arose. Pearl sat to my right by the head of the table while Lisbeth sat at the end adjacent. Xanthias reluctantly sat across from me with his mother to his right, and the Davies girls filed in on either side of Lisbeth. My feet tingled as I peeked up at Xanthias, remembering the way he had been finned and made himself human again in a matter of moments. I wanted answers, but I couldn’t get them now.
Pearl turned to me with her hand outstretched.
‘May I?’ she asked, gesturing to my hand. I relinquished my hands from their tight grip in my lap, turning my hand up so my wrist faced the ceiling. Pearl frowned when she noticed my birth mark, the triton in full view as all eyes focused on it. I heard someone gasp and I quickly flipped my hand around, grateful when no one asked about it. Pearl met my gaze and nodded, understanding my reluctance as she gripped my fingers tightly. In an unspoken command, the others grasped each others’ hands and Lainie moved to follow suit. She almost crushed my hand in her grip, her fingers too tight.
The two old women at either end of the table began to chant, speaking in what appeared to be an ancient language. As everyone began to shut their eyes, Lainie and I bowed our heads and copied them. The air around us began to vibrate, and my wrist began to burn where my birth mark was. Lainie whimpered and I presumed her wrist was doing the same. Our hair mingled in a breeze that hadn’t been there before, swirling around the circle of candles behind us and a bright flash of light blinded me temporarily. Pearl and Lisbeth began chanting louder, their voices deep with power and authority. I frowned as I fought to keep my eyes shut. Pressure began to build, fighting to release but Pearl kept a tight grip on my hand, and I in turn kept holding tight onto Lainie, even as she yelled at me to let her go.
It took a while, but eventually the two old women fell silent and the wind that had been blowing died down instantly. The candle flames flickered out, bathing the room in darkness despite the wide windows that took up the majority of the back wall. I only opened my eyes when Pearl released my hand, looking drawn and gaunt as she sat back in her seat. She gripped my wrist, weak in comparison to her earlier strength. All I could hear was the laboured breathing of the people in the room and the wind whistling through the screen door. Lisbeth rose from her chair, making her way around the table to Pearl.
‘Are you okay?’ she asked quietly. Pearl brushed her off by way of answer and gestured to my sister’s wrist. Lainie leaned forward, presenting her left wrist. Pearl didn’t seem surprised, but Lisbeth’s eyes bulged. She brought our wrists together, showing the mirror image of the two tritons. She ran her aged fingertips over them gently, leaving my skin tingling from the delicateness with which she touched us. Lainie visibly shuddered, but I simply held still as she examined our skin. Eventually she released us, folding her hands in her lap as Lisbeth finally stood up straight.
‘You both have already discovered that you are tied to the sea,’ she stated. ‘But you don’t know just how far.’ She stood, stumbling as her legs gave way. Whatever had happened had left her exhausted, and she leaned heavily on Lisbeth as she made her way over to a massive white bookcase in the corner. The books there appeared too ancient and yellowed for the modern bookcase on which they rested, but it didn’t seem to faze them. Lisbeth’s lips were pressed in a thin line as she held Pearl upright, reaching for a thick volume on one of the uppermost shelves. Xanthias stood, his chair scraping against the floorboards as he hurried to catch the book. He barely made it in time before it nearly crushed Pearl’s weak arms.
As he lifted the book up from where he’d caught it, Pearl smiled faintly at him. Lisbeth helped Pearl back to her seat, Xanthias’ hand at her free elbow to catch her if she stumbled. By the time she was seated once more, she appeared to have gained some strength back. Xanthias sat once again, while Lisbeth hovered over Pearl’s shoulder. The book thudded down on the table as Xanthias placed it before her and she quickly turned the yellowed pages to an image of a finned woman.
‘This is Amphitrite, Poseidon’s wife,’ Pearl informed us, turning the book to face us. Lainie nodded, absorbing the information but I froze in place. The image may have simply been an aged drawing in black ink, but the likeness was unmistakable. This was the woman I had seen the other evening; the finned woman who had spoken to me through the water. That woman was Amphitrite. I had met Poseidon’s wife.
My mouth ran dry and my pulse could be heard pounding in my ears. Sweat ran in streams from my forehead and Pearl turned her gaze on me, noticing my reaction. I wiped the sweat from my brow with the back of my hand, trying to keep their attention on the book rather than my reaction. Lainie saved me, sitting forward with an accusing finger pointed at the drawing.
‘What does this Amphitrite woman have to do with us?’ she asked, her voice raised in its usual shrill tone. ‘Stop beating around the bush and get to the point!’ Pearl nodded gracefully but Lisbeth cut her a sharp look. Obviously Pearl was the head of the household and no one ever spoke to her in such disrespect. I nudged Lainie’s foot under the table, urging her to be quiet.
‘My apologies,’ Pearl announced. ‘Allow me to elaborate. We are unable to gather information on your bloodline as there are a complex series of protective spells and levels of magic preventing us from doing so. Even with having you within physical reach, there are two main safeguards stopping us, and we believe that one of them may have been set in place shortly after your birth by the Goddess Amphitrite and her husband, the sea God, Poseidon. In the past, we have only seen a similar level of protection provided magically by Poseidon through his bloodline to his illegitimate offspring, but even then it is only a singular level of protection.
‘I would be willing to assume that your biological parents are indeed human, but blessed with magic just as we are. They may not have realised, but a potent amount of emotion felt by a magical human who does not know of their lineage can be enough to warrant a protection spell without realising. If that is the case, whoever your family is, they are an ancient, powerful family of witches. Maybe even more powerful than we are.’
She drifted off into her thoughts following that, her eyes glazing slightly over until she excused herself from the table and Chrysabelle and Delora moved to aid her into her room. Xanthias chose to remain behind, seated across the table with his gaze settled on me. Chelsea and Athana fiddled with their hair and nails, unsure of what to do now that the head of the house was obviously ill. Lainie watched with open curiosity as the old woman staggered out of sight, and Lisbeth sat where Pearl had been. She leaned over to shut the book and slid it into my grasp.
‘Listen carefully and heed my warning,’ she whispered, her tone serious. ‘If you two truly are connected to Amphitrite and Poseidon the way we believe you are, you must protect yourselves from their ancient enemies. I do not know of Amphitrite’s, but Poseidon has many and no larger than his father Cronus. You may have heard of the story of Cronus and his children?’ She looked between my sister and I, but while I knew some of the story I remained silent while my sister shook her head. Lisbeth nodded.
‘There are many accounts. Legend has it that before Cronus’ wife, Rhea, gave birth to any of his children, Cronus was warned that he would be overrun by his children. He was powerful and greedy, and so in his panic, he supposedly ate his children. Rhea snatched away her son Zeus, dressing a rock in swaddling clothes instead and presenting it to Cronus. The son Zeus grew up with many beings on an island, and when he was old enough he was sent to work for Cronus.
‘By poisoning him, Cronus released the children from his stomach, but they were no longer children. Cronus was overrun predominantly by Zeus, Hades, and Poseidon. With their respective tools - a lightning bolt, a helmet and a triton - they were finally able to defeat their father and banish him to Tartarus. After his defeat, Zeus chose to rule over the skies, whilst Hades ruled the Underworld where Cronus was banished to keep a watchful eye over him, and Poseidon ruled the seas. There are many other enemies of Poseidon’s, such as Athena for her birth right over ruling Athens, but no one is more powerful than his enemy Cronus.’
She pointed to the book with a scraggly finger, gnarled from years of use. ‘Treat this book as your bible. It will tell you all your answers. Keep it out of the wrong hands and hide it at all costs.’ She paused, looking almost as gaunt as Pearl as she examined the cover. She ran her fingertips over it, memorising the contours. ‘We will teach you what you will need to know in the way of spells and magic. Being blessed by Poseidon and Amphitrite, you two will have individual strengths and weaknesses that we must exercise in order to protect you to the best of your ability.’
Lisbeth looked at Xanthias, nodding toward a small box that sat on the bookshelf. He retrieved it for her, and when she opened it I gasped in unison with Lainie at the amount of beautiful amulets that sat within. They were every colour that I had ever seen, some red, blue, purple, green … I sat upright as Lisbeth sorted through, tossing some aside and examining others thoughtfully. When she was happy with two specific amulets, she handed one to me and the other to Lainie.
My amulet was simple but elegant, set on an ice-blue ribbon. Its length meant that if I wore it, it would nestle in the hollow of my collarbone, and I had the option to wrap the ribbon twice around my wrist and wear it as a bracelet instead. A silver pendant hung from it, dotted with different coloured gem stones that I didn’t know the names of. It was no larger than an eye glass. Most of the gems were different shades of aqua, green and blue, but there were others that shone white, and some were transparent. I stroked them with my finger, the gems warm to the touch as though they had their own inner warmth. Lisbeth stood beside me, gently prying the amulet from my grasp to drape it around my neck. She tied it with a tiny silver clasp, the weight of the amulet reassuring against my skin.
‘There,’ she breathed, stepping to the side to admire the amulet. I looked down, barely able to see it but still able to feel its warmth spreading along my chest. It was beautiful even when I couldn’t see it, its beauty in the form of the immense protection I could feel emanating from within. I looked over at Lainie, stroking the gems at my throat as Lisbeth moved to tie hers. It was on a black-red ribbon that made her skin stand out, the usually slightly tanned skin appearing like it had been replaced with moon-pale flesh instead. It suited her, giving her a new feeling of innocence that contradicted with what I guessed ran in her mind when she was with Starden.
She admired the amulet herself as Lisbeth returned to her seat. I chanced a glance towards Xanthias, my cheeks turning red when he caught me peeking. I lowered my gaze and watched Lisbeth as she sat beside me. She laced her fingers and rested her hands on the table, watching us. I ceased in stroking my amulet and waited for Lainie to stop, too, before Lisbeth decided it was time to speak.
‘These amulets are made from the purest magic in our world,’ she stated. ‘They are a powerful magic. We use them only for those for which the amulets call to. And these have called to you. The amulet that has called to you, Iris, is one of ice. You may be blessed by Poseidon and Amphitrite, but their blessings only enlarge the powers with which you were born with. I would be willing to guess that you have a power of freezing time or objects. Is that correct?’
I stared at her with wide eyes. She took my silence as affirmation and turned to my sister. ‘And you, Lainie. You’ve been chosen as a figure who has an ability to … persuade someone or something to do whatever it is that they desire.’ I turned my gaze on her, realising that that was how I had been forced into my room this morning. She had unconsciously used her power to push me from her room. Lainie didn’t seem to connect the dots right away, but when she did she turned to me with wide eyes.
‘That’s why you left me alone this morning!’ she exclaimed, turning back to Lisbeth. ‘I just kept thinking to myself how much I wanted her to go away, and she did!’ She wasn’t done though, her fingers flitting on the table as she continued. ‘That’s also why you were able to appear in my room. You used your time manipulation to move into my room when I forced you to leave.’ I nodded, my lips pressed tightly together as I met Xanthias’ gaze across the table. He looked away first, as though ashamed to be caught looking over at me. Chrysabelle and Delora chose then to return to the room, Chrysabelle’s beautiful face stretched into a grimace that made her look older than she was.
Delora offered me a pretty smile as she approached, placing a calming hand on Lisbeth’s shoulder. ‘She’s asleep,’ she murmured quietly. ‘She will probably continue to be for quite some time. Today took some effort from us all.’ Lisbeth and nodded, gently patting Delora’s hand before she moved away.
‘Thank you,’ she told her. She faced Lainie and me. ‘You may leave soon. I only ask that you travel safely. I fear that Tartarus will be breached again, as it has been many times before. Cronus was weak, but he has been growing in power and resources for many centuries now. It’s only a matter of time until he escapes once again, and you should be prepared. Research for methods of protection against him, and read this book many times. Learn it inside out. It will be the link between either life or death. We will be at your side, but there will be others who will be more than willing to aid him in his quest for power. You’re important to Poseidon and his wife. They have proved that by blessing you. Now you must be wary.’
Lisbeth rose from her seat, and we all followed suit. She offered her hand, and Lainie and I shook it. 
‘Blessed be,’ she murmured. ‘Stay safe.’

Chapter Eleven
‘The wind is not a vessel to be filled, but a fire to be kindled.’
Plutarch

‘Iris? Iris! Slow down, would you?’
I was walking fast down the hall, scanning for where I knew my locker was. The amulet at my throat pulsed, testing the approaching energy behind me to see whether I needed protecting. Apparently not, because as soon as I reached my locker, Fran was beside me. She looked furious, but she was no danger to me. She leaned against my locker, stopping me from opening it. Xanthias passed with his cousins, his hair low over his eyes as he followed them. He didn’t look at me and I turned my gaze fully on Fran the moment he left. She watched me closely, her eyes narrowed.
‘Ditching me for the new guy, huh?’ she accused. ‘I don’t care how hot the guy is, there is no excuse for ditching your best friend over him! Do you realise how worried I was? Do you?’ She moved away from the locker but she didn’t stop. She continued flinging accusations at me like they were going out of fashion while I gathered what I needed for class. When I shut my locker and appeared to be ignoring her, she grabbed my shoulder to stop me from walking off. Instantly, though, whatever she had been about to say was forgotten as an electric current passed from my shoulder to her hand, zapping her in an instant. She cried out, shaking her hand and I quickly walked away.
She didn’t follow me.
I was late for class. The change rooms were empty as I walked inside, slinging my bag onto the bench. I quickly stripped out of my summer dress, revealing my one-piece swimsuit underneath. It had a massive cutout in the back, the material black and styled to emphasize my curves. I quickly dumped my swim shorts and towel on the bench, packing away the dress. A moment later the door opened behind me, and Isabella entered.
I tried not to stare, but it was difficult. Her body was still swollen and bandaged, but her body had at least healed enough for her to come back to school. Her hair had been shaved off, replaced by a stark white bandage. Even though she was still swollen and red, it did nothing to erase the beauty she naturally possessed. I bit my lip, feeling guilty even though I couldn’t be sure that it was because of me that the water had burned her. What made me feel the most guilty is that though I had dived in to rescue her, I had been left untouched by the scalding temperatures that had burned her alive. I was surprised she was back at school already.
She didn’t appear to notice me at first, but she jumped as I moved quickly to shove my shorts on. Her eyes crinkled as she tried to smile at me and she walked across to my side. She placed her things beside mine, appearing as casual as though nothing had ever happened.
‘Hey,’ she said shyly, stripping down to her own multi-coloured one-piece. I didn’t know what to say or do.
‘Hey,’ I echoed lamely. I shoved my towel over my shoulder and smiled sheepishly. ‘So … uh … how are you?’ I knew it was ridiculous how awkward I was being, but I simply didn’t know what to do. She quickly grabbed her towel, gesturing to the door leading to the pool entry. We walked through into the gym, watching as our class swam laps. We sat together up on the bleachers, the only two not in the pool.
‘I’m okay,’ she told me with a smile. ‘The doctor said my healing is so fast that I could be a medical breakthrough. I could be back in the pool by the end of the month.’ I nodded and offered her the most sincere smile I could muster.
‘That’s excellent,’ I replied. I wasn’t stupid enough to ask her why she wore her swimsuit. She was getting ready to make as smooth of a transition back into school and swimming as possible, but also to ease her back into the pool. I wasn’t sure how she would react, returning to the place where she had been burned so badly, and I vowed to watch over her. She and I turned our gazes on the people in the pool, and my gaze settled on Xanthias. It was his turn, and as he pushed off the blocks, his body arched through the air and sliced into the water. He came up for breath immediately, but those that he was versing immediately began to fall behind.
He swam so beautifully that it was impossible to look away, even as Isabella watched the blush flourish over my cheeks. The muscles in his arms and along his shoulders and back flexed as he moved, the water no match for his strength. It was beautiful, the way he formed with the water as though he was one with it. He probably was, for all I knew. After seeing him the other day, finned and moving through the water like he owned it, I wasn’t so sure that he wouldn’t manipulate the waters to do his bidding. Somehow, deep inside, I knew that he wasn’t though. He was naturally a talented swimmer, strong and capable in the right environment.
When he reached the end of the pool, he flipped in the water so that he faced the opposite way. It was magical how the liquid parted for him, allowing his body free passage as though he were a bird flying through the air. Pretty soon the remainder of the class stopped mid-swim, left behind in the small waves that rippled past from Xanthias’ body. Isabella gaped, her own Ryker left behind as he fought desperately to keep up. As the head of the swim team these past couple of years, he was the best that our school had to offer. Clearly, though, it wasn’t enough as Xanthias powered toward the end of the pool and touched the tiled wall with his fingertips. His body gracefully became upright and he pushed the water out of his eyes as Ryker came in behind.
Isabella stood, running down from the bleachers and leaving her towel with me. As Ryker pulled himself from the pool, she carefully pulled him into a tight hug, avoiding wetting her bandages. It was obvious the strain he’d been under in order to try and catch up to Xanthias, his muscles bulging and his chest heaving for breath. All the others were paused mid-way through the pool, openly gawking at Xanthias as he pulled himself out of the pool and wrapped a towel tightly around himself. Surprisingly, he wore board shorts while his rival wore a streamline Quiksilver swimsuit that left hardly anything to imagination. Even with the drag of board shorts, Xanthias was able to out-swim our best and finest.
No one seemed to be able to drag their eyes away from him as he walked past Coach Halloway, the stand-in for Coach Marston as he was being investigated for the pool incident. She was a tall woman, with spindly arms and legs. She reminded me of a praying mantis, and could leap like one, too. Her eyes were beady and such a dark brown that they were often mistaken for black. As she moved to clap Xanthias on the shoulder and congratulate him, she rested those beady eyes on him and her thin lips pulled into an almost seductive grin. Everyone knew of the rumours that she wasn’t above sleeping with students, but that was the surest evidence I had seen as of yet. I breathed a sigh of relief as Xanthias walked past without so much as a flicker of attention paid to her.
No, he was looking at me. I was staring again.
I bit my lip and looked down at my feet, fiddling with the fibres of my towel as he approached. Water droplets ran down his bare chest and onto the bleachers beside me, spraying my legs with surprising warmth. He ran the towel through his hair and placed it on the seat beside me, leaning back as he air-dried himself.
‘That,’ he whispered, ‘is just one of the advantages of being bound to the sea.’ My eyes widened and I quickly turned to look at him. He’d known I was there, watching. He had known and used that to show off to me, to tell me that he knew it was me who he had seen that day under the bridge. He noticed my shock but simply shrugged as the class climbed the bleachers and clapped, patting him on the back. He stood, grinning and accepting the praise smoothly. Ignoring him, I set my lips in a tight line and grabbed my towel. The tingling in my feet had vanished altogether and I snatched Isabella’s towel from where it sat, forgotten.
Down at the bottom of the bleachers, I spotted Isabella as she wound her arm around Ryker’s shoulders and tried unsuccessfully to calm him down. This had had to be the worst day of his entire schooling life. He had been at the top, unbeatable, and now Xanthias had come in trying to show off to me and ruined Ryker’s life. He’d been hoping to make it into a career, but now that he was no longer the best, the opportunities he had been working so hard for would no longer be open to him. I didn’t blame him for snapping at Isabella, but even so, he should have known that she was only trying to make him feel better.
I approached quietly, placing the towel of Isabella’s down beside her as best I could without her realising what I was doing. Then, without another glance, I turned my back on Xanthias and stormed into the change rooms.

∞

I didn’t see Xanthias again until that afternoon.
Coach Halloway had announced a surprise swim meet at lunch. Now, as everyone filed into the gym in their swim gear, it became apparent that we weren’t here to swim. She stood over by the bottom of the bleachers, her hands on her hips as she stared up at the people that sat before her obediently. I made my way over quickly, taking a seat to the end of one of the least crowded bleachers where I could sit on my own. Xanthias sat to the opposite end, a couple of rows back but I could feel his eyes on me as Coach Halloway strode back and forth. She glared at some stragglers and they hurried their footfalls to escape her sight.
It didn’t take long for me to resume my bad habit of pulling the skin of my thumbs with my nails, the feeling calming as I avoided meeting Coach Halloway’s gaze. Finally, she came to an abrupt stop in the centre of the space and placed her hands on her hips once more. When she spoke, her voice echoed through the expanse of space.
‘A short while ago, there was an incident during a swim meet,’ she began, her eyes birdlike as they narrowed. ‘There were makeshift water heaters discovered during the investigation. Surveillance cameras have been installed, and now I am asking for the culprits to step forward.’
Silence ensued. No one dared to whisper, or even blink. I simply stared at Coach Halloway, in sheer disbelief. I hadn’t been the one to boil the water? She sighed, shaking her head tiredly and she grimaced. Whatever was about to happen, she wasn’t happy and neither would we.
‘I regret to inform those of you with a future in swimming, and those who don’t, that until the culprit or culprits responsible for the incident come forward, I have no choice but to indefinitely suspend all swim meets, contests and visits from potential sponsors. The pool will be closed until further notice.’ She sighed, turning to leave. Whispers ensued, but they soon fell silent as one of Ryker’s friends, Raymond Shoreley, stood. He was brave, standing up before Coach Halloway, but stupid. Despite his valiant stance to make things right, I could see how her stare made his clenched fists shake. Still, he refused to back down and kept his head held high.
He swallowed. ‘I did it,’ he admitted. ‘I installed the water heaters. We were recently learning in class about water heaters, and I figured it would be a good idea. I have seen how people have come out of the water during autumn and early spring, frozen to the bone and purple. I promise you, though, I meant no harm by it.’ He paused, turning to Isabella as Ryker held her tightly. ‘I apologise profusely for what happened to you. I will pay for all medical costs and do whatever I can to set things right. I never meant to hurt you.’
Isabella stared at him, her mouth gaping open. She shut it quickly when she noticed all the pairs of eyes that had fallen on her, and she stood level to him, even though she was a bleacher higher than him. She bowed her head regally, as though she were a queen giving her blessing. I admired her for her strength as she stood before him, the reason she’d been burned facing her directly.
‘I accept your apology,’ she told him. She turned then to Coach Halloway. ‘His apology is enough. No charges will be placed, and I don’t want him to be suspended.’ Coach Halloway nodded with her lips pressed in a thin line.
‘Indeed, it was brave of you to apologise,’ she told him. She turned to face Isabella. ‘However, I am not at the liberty to determine whether he will be suspended or not. That is in the principal’s power, not my own. However, I will relay your suggestion to him.’ She nodded to Isabella before turning to extend a hand to Raymond. He bowed his head and followed her wordlessly, the whispers following him as he exited. I watched in open awe as they exited and the remaining students took it as their cue to leave. The gym echoed with the sound of their chattering voices but I remained silent. I grabbed my things, quickly slipping my summer dress over my head and down over my swimsuit before I started to descend the bleachers.
I was almost to the exit when I heard my name being called behind me, and a firm hand settled on my shoulder. Xanthias turned me to face him, breathing heavily as though he’d had to run to catch up to me. I watched him with calculating eyes, wondering what he could possibly have to say to me. His eyes softened slightly, and I instantly knew I was seeing a side of him that he rarely allowed anyone to see. With my arms limp by my side, he scuffed his feet on the ground nervously and chewed softly on his bottom lip.
‘Yes?’ I prompted. He shook his head to clear it, as though he’d forgotten why he’d called out to me. He dove into his pocket and retrieved a piece of paper, and when I looked at it, I noticed it was an address.
‘My mother is allowing me to hold a party to get to know the people I go to school with,’ he told me. ‘I was just wondering if … if …’ He paused. ‘I was wondering if you would come. You know, as a friend.’ I tried hard to stop myself from smiling. For such a confident man in the pool, he was no more than a shy schoolboy when it came to inviting people. For a moment I forgot that he was the finned man I had seen below the bridge, wondering if I should accept or not, but then Lainie’s shrill voice called through the door of the gym. I quickly shoved the shred of paper in my dress pocket and started for the door.
‘Let me think about it,’ I called over my shoulder, leaving him in the gym.
Lainie was waiting for me outside the change rooms, avoiding the stuffiness because she insisted it made her hair frizzy. She watched me as I approached, and judging by the mischievous grin she wore, she knew that I had been talking to Xanthias. She raised her eyebrows suggestively, waiting for the juicy details but I simply shrugged and retrieved my keys from my bag. Leading the way through the corridor, she sighed and rolled her eyes.
‘Seriously, Iris, I wish you would hurry up and just open up to me for once,’ she whined. She placed a melodramatic hand over her forehead. ‘It hurts that you don’t trust me to keep a secret.’ I snorted ungraciously as we exited the school building and approached my car. I looked over at her as I released the lock.
‘Maybe I would trust you if what I told you didn’t hit the school’s news feed within twenty-four hours,’ I stated, raising my eyebrows at her. She laughed.
‘The fairies read my mind, what can I say?’ she told me. ‘And F.Y.I, it hits within twenty-four minutes.’
Like that changes anything, I thought, looking back in the rear view mirror as Xanthias watched us drive away.

Chapter Twelve
‘Our enemy always lasts longer than the happiness of those we envy.’
Francois de La Rochefoucauld

‘I told him you’re going.’
Lainie strode around the kitchen table and took a seat beside me. We were waiting for Nevada to come down and drive us to the store. I was planning on going simply to tease my sister whenever she chose a dress for Xanthias’ party, but I did a double take at her words. I frowned.
‘Told who I’m going where?’ I questioned, narrowing my eyes at her in suspicion. She rolled her own and sighed in annoyance.
‘You’re so in the clouds,’ she muttered, turning to face me. She reached into her wallet and retrieved a familiar shred of paper, flipping it teasingly around in front of my face. I reached forward to snatch it from her but she was too fast. She immediately replaced it back in the wallet and snapped it shut, beaming at me. ‘I told Xanthias that you are coming to his party on Thursday night.’
‘Oh, that’s lovely,’ Nevada commented from the stairs. ‘It’ll be good for you to go to a party together.’ 
Neither Lainie or I had noticed her descending the stairs. She wore a bright yellow summer dress and had slipped into some tan sandals. The bag over her shoulder matched, while her hair had been pulled back into a loose ponytail. She pulled a pair of large, white sunglasses over the bridge of her nose and smiled. Apparently she had simply accepted that I wasn’t going to forgive her and had simply moved on. Lainie jumped up from her seat, having dressed into a skimpy black denim number that barely covered her womanly areas. She didn’t seem to worry, but Nevada tossed her a vest to at least cover her top half. Lainie placed it in her handbag, either oblivious or ignorant to Nevada’s unspoken message.
When Lainie moved toward the back door without me, she paused and skipped back, grabbing my arm. She yanked me after Nevada, making sure that I followed her. I sighed, knowing that now she’d said I was going, there was no way she would let me out of it. Eventually I relinquished myself to my sister and she dragged me easily out into the back seat of Nevada’s car. I tumbled in, narrowly missing my feet as Lainie slammed the door where they’d been only two seconds ago. Pulling myself upright, I scowled to the window with my arms crossed as I was reluctantly reversed out onto the street and driven to the plaza.
Lainie couldn’t stop talking about how excited she was about Xanthias’ party. Ryker and Isabella had both been invited, but while Isabella had declined politely, Ryker dove into the opportunity to get as drunk as possible, even if it was at his new enemy’s party. He probably figured that if he did anything stupid while he was under the influence would be adequate revenge. Lainie simply couldn’t wait to get him on his own, to talk him out of his relationship with Isabella and be with her instead. Nevada simply nodded, trying to smile as best she could without revealing her true feelings about Lainie’s obsession.
‘So,’ she said as Lainie took a breath. ‘Iris, you’re going?’ I shrugged. Did I really have much of a choice? She noticed my silence and glanced in the rear view mirror.
‘I guess,’ I replied noncommittally. ‘Lainie made my mind up for me apparently.’ Nevada pressed her lips together to stop herself from smiling, glancing across to Lainie where she absolutely beamed. I huffed, sitting lower in the seat, earning a laugh from both Lainie and Nevada. I couldn’t help the way my lip curled up in the corner, knowing I had made them laugh genuinely. The way life used to be. Lainie’s laughing ceased immediately, though. I leaned forward, peering between the front seats.
As Nevada pulled into a space nearest the plaza, I noticed Lainie’s point of interest across from us. Isabella and Ryker were walking together with what could only be assumed was their personal assistant trailing behind, their black limousine taking up numerous spaces. Ryker’s family were known for being filthy rich, his father some major corporation leader or something of the sort. Despite Ryker’s disappointment of no longer having what it took in the pool, his father’s wealth more than tripled his chances of being chosen by a major sponsor. I had no doubt that in the future, we would be hearing Ryker Stewart’s name in the headlines of international newspapers and magazines.
I had no idea what kind of background Isabella came from, but guessing by her floral dress and large black sunglasses, I concluded that she was probably just as rich as Ryker. She smiled as she walked with him, the two swimming superstars in one another’s arms. Lainie and I both seethed, but for completely different reasons. I sighed, knowing that it would be annoying now that Lainie’s object of obsession would be within the same vicinity - in addition to her object of utmost hatred. I looked at Lainie from the corner of my eye, watching as she flicked through her hand bag and found a pair of nail scissors that looked too sharp to be legal. She grinned malevolently and shoved them back inside.
‘Lainie,’ I muttered in a warning tone, causing her to jump. She offered me an innocent smile but she knew I had caught her in the act. Before I had a chance to speak again, she pushed herself out of the car and skipped too-happily after Nevada. Reluctantly, I followed them knowing that nothing good could come of Isabella and Lainie being in the same space for a period of time. With my eyes wide open, I followed after my sister and knew I would try my hardest to keep her out of mischief - easier said than done.
Nevada didn’t notice Ryker and Isabella, following my sister as she led the way to some major boutique. As we entered, I saw Ryker sitting in the corner next to the change rooms, looking bored. He didn’t see Lainie as she shimmied her way past, running her hands over the delicate fabrics as though she owned the place. The woman behind the counter was beautiful in an exotic way, peering up from where she was writing with an expensive-looking black and silver pen. Her dark hair was pressed into a no-nonsense bun by the nape of her neck, and her pretty blue eyes shimmered behind a stylish pair of black glasses. While she smiled at Nevada and I genuinely, she turned a fake smile on Lainie.
‘Welcome,’ she announced. ‘May I help you with anything?’ Her lips twitched, only a slight movement but one that screamed her reluctance to having to do anything with my sister. Lainie simply shook her head distractedly as she turned towards a rack of devilishly short party dresses and peered at the change rooms from the corner of her eye. I knew she wasn’t really looking at what was in front of her, otherwise she would have shrieked and never laid her hands on the beautiful fabrics. They simply weren’t her taste.
Ryker was oblivious. I’d never liked him but even now I could easily say that he was blind enough not to notice a runaway train if it was just about to slam him in the face. Nevada simply sighed and moved on to a rack of more tasteful dress choices, while I moved to the opposite side of the rack and blocked Lainie’s view.
‘Move,’ she hissed at me, her voice so low that I barely heard her. I shook my head, feeling mischievous.
‘I know what you’re planning to do,’ I told her quietly. ‘I would warn you not to, but then again, I find it hilarious the dress you’ve unwittingly picked.’ I nodded toward the rack in front of her, noticing the way the ugly peacock green dress rippled back in amongst the others as she shrieked and jumped away. I laughed hysterically, noticing the store assistant as she tried desperately not to laugh with me. I heard movement behind me and I turned in time to see Ryker stand. The door to the change room nearest him slid open soundlessly, and Isabella stepped out.
I couldn’t help but feel instant jealousy and wondered how much Lainie was seething behind me. Ryker himself seemed to almost pass out. Isabella smiled shyly, her burned skin pulling painfully so she couldn’t smile for long. The dress she wore was a classic little black dress that fitted to her curves and made her look more like an hourglass than the thin figure we’d seen in the pool. It was made of some sort of shimmery material below, so the black lace over the top seemed to pop even though its colouring was no different from the material underneath. Ryker went to run his hands over her waist, but he couldn’t quite bring himself to do so. They simply hovered an inch from her body, earning a self-conscious blush across her marred cheeks. She was unbearably beautiful.
Lainie hissed and moved away quickly, turning her back on the couple with intense hatred. I was about to follow when Isabella called my name. I turned to face her with a smile, noticing that she seemed unsure of herself until she saw me in full view. She stepped toward me, taking me into an unexpected hug while Ryker’s smile fell. He knew my sister wasn’t too far away. I quickly returned her hug, careful not to touch the scars that were still healing beneath the bandages all over her skin. She grimaced as she pulled away but didn’t make a sound.
‘Fancy seeing you here,’ she said, her voice genuinely happy. ‘Are you getting a dress for Xanthias’ party?’ I bit my lip and nodded, surprised at her little squeal of excitement. She bounced on the spot for a moment, and I imagined her original hair bouncing on her shoulders. I felt guilty for that, knowing that she couldn’t have helped no longer having her beautiful locks of hair. Even if she had been able to keep it, it never would have been the same.
‘Isabella is planning on coming now,’ Ryker spoke up. ‘I can’t wait to show her off in this. It suits her more than it could ever suit anyone else, don’t you think?’ It was a challenge. He looked at me, but I knew that he was aiming it at my sister. So, someone wasn’t nearly as oblivious as I’d thought. I met his gaze and nodded, keeping my back straight and my head up high.
‘It’s beautiful, but personally I am aiming for something more pastel,’ I admitted, nodding toward a rack of beautiful party dresses toward the front of the store. Isabella clapped her hands and snatched hold of my wrist, dragging me along. She quickly sifted through the rack until she found a pretty white dress, simple but elegant. It was strapless, shimmering like the black material behind the lace of Isabella’s dress, only much lighter and shinier. The material was smooth against my skin as she lifted it from the rack and held it up against my body. I squirmed, feeling weird that the new girl was picking a dress for me but I didn’t say anything.
‘Perfect,’ she breathed, placing the clothes hanger in my hand. ‘I know there’s a chance you mightn’t like it, but please go and try it on!’ Ryker tried to discourage her, stating that they were meant to go for ice cream, but when Lainie peered over the clothes rack nearest me, he soon silenced himself. Isabella quickly ushered me towards the open change room, shutting the door behind me. I locked it quickly, taking a moment to breathe in peace before I stripped down and slid my body into the dress.
It fit perfectly, tight at just the right places but comfortable. I knew from the way it felt that it wouldn’t go riding up if I walked or danced, which was what worried me most when I went dress shopping for parties. When I opened the door, Isabella squealed girlishly and danced on the spot. Nevada gasped, and even Lainie and Ryker appeared to be short of words to say. Nevada was the first to speak.
‘That’s gorgeous on you, Iris,’ she complimented me. She almost appeared teary-eyed until she discreetly wiped her eyes with the back of her hand. ‘I know you and your sister don’t like being told what to wear, but I must say just this once, that is a stunning dress. I would be disappointed if you didn’t take it.’
Isabella winked. ‘All the boys will need leashes to keep away from you,’ she told me. Ryker cleared his throat and settled an arm around her shoulders. ‘Well, nearly all.’ She rested her head on his shoulder and I quickly excused myself to get changed. As I was about to pull down the zip, I noticed my reflection in the mirror. My breath caught.
I was … beautiful.
I blinked, quickly shaking my head as I rejected the idea of conforming to a self-obsessed fool like my sister and quickly threw it back on the clothes hanger. I had had no intentions of turning up to Xanthias’ party, regardless of what Lainie had told him, but I was now reconsidering. If I was in that dress … I shook my head. I was not Lainie.
As soon as I was dressed, I exited the change rooms and we said our goodbyes to Isabella, meeting with Lainie on the other side of the store. Lainie nodded to the dress over my arm as we approached, her cheeks red with anger.
‘Are you going to wear that?’ she demanded. ‘Because if you’re not, I will. It’s a hot dress.’ I twisted my lip into a sneer for a moment before she took a step toward me. I automatically pulled away, keeping the dress firmly on my arm. She glared at me and stalked past.
‘It’s not your lucky day,’ I called after her, watching as Nevada discreetly passed me a purple credit card and nodded toward the store assistant. As I approached, I was distracted by Lainie. Nevada had lost her outside, still looking left and right through the crowds. I watched as my sister crept towards Isabella’s new dress, now packed into a bag ready for her to take home. She wove her hand in, using her nail scissors to sabotage Isabella’s dress. I may have been jealous of Isabella’s beauty, but I wasn’t going to sabotage her. She was sneaking away and barely out of sight when Isabella finished looking at the dress racks and Ryker retrieved her bag for her. They were none the wiser.
The sound of a throat being cleared drew me back to the present. I looked before me, noticing the woman behind the counter as she stared at me. ‘Is this all for today?’ she asked politely. I pursed my lips and thought to myself for a moment before I quickly shook my head.
‘No, sorry. Just one moment,’ I apologised, returning to the dress rack where Isabella had got her dress. Lainie may have been out for vengeance, seeing as Isabella had Ryker, but I wasn’t going to see Isabella’s night be ruined by my idiotic sister. As I searched through the racks, I thought to myself as I planned in my head what the perfect dress would be for her now that hers was destroyed.

∞

By the time we got home that evening, I knew what Lainie’s plan was. By sabotaging Isabella’s dress, she had been able to purchase one identical - only untouched by her destructive scissors. She sighed contentedly as she stroked the fabric between her fingers, the street lamps flickering overhead as they passed by. It was late, but a quick dinner at the Taco Bell was completely worth it - especially watching Lainie complain as she downed a skinny shake she’d had to consume instead. It was my version of gaining vengeance on Isabella’s behalf.
Shortly after returning home, I had gone onto the local directories online and tracked down Isabella’s house. It was a modest little home slightly inland, far from the exquisite luxury I’d been expecting. I then realised that it was one of the cheaper homes in the area - and for good reason. As I parked a couple of houses down from Isabella’s home, I watched a group of very high and very drunk had-beens stumble past and some even littered the street with used syringes. I shuddered, not envying the lifestyle Isabella was forced to have. As I started the engine, I watched the lights turn on inside her house. I had been planning on simply leaving the package and driving off, but seeing the neighbourhood, I chose to stay and keep watch.
Isabella’s dad stepped out onto the front porch, a baseball bat in his hand as his wife and Isabella peered from behind his beefy shoulder. He was in socks and boxers, his tattooed chest intimidating as he kicked the lid off the box. Isabella’s gasp was audible even from inside my car, and I watched as she cried and picked up the box. She read the message inside, carrying the box and card inside. I sunk down in my seat, fearful of what they might say or do, but her father saw me anyway.
Thank you, he mouthed.
‘You’re welcome,’ I returned, watching as he returned inside the safety of his home before I turned and drove away.
The streets were dark as I drove home, and I felt eyes on me at every turn. No one seemed to be out, despite the warm evening. Usually people would be out, walking their dogs or going for an evening run, but it was desolate. I sped up a little, yearning to get home as fast as possible. A flash appeared in my rear view mirror, and all of a sudden the blare of a car horn outside my window echoed through my head. I turned, shielding my eyes as I slammed on the brakes. I waited for the inevitable crash, but it never happened.
An engine revved and the vehicle behind me quietly crept past, three old women staring at me from within. I shuddered, my amulet pulsing with instant heat and I knew that these women were dangerous. My car idled as they drove away, and I didn’t dare move until the pulsing at my collarbone stopped completely. With my hands tight around the steering wheel, I knew that I needed to find the woman I had seen on the evening of my birthday.
The house lights were still on as my car squealed to a halt in the driveway, but I didn’t care if they knew I was home or not. I quickly ran up the back steps and threw my car key into the bowl in the hall, running straight through the house. Everyone appeared to have been either going to bed or were simply upstairs, so I locked myself into the downstairs bathroom and changed into my unused bikini that lived at the back of my closet and an easily removable summer dress. I didn’t bother with shoes as I ran across the road, pausing at the edge of the water long enough to check to see if the coast was clear. 
With my chest heaving and the air warm against my skin, I flexed my muscles and dived into the deep.

Chapter Thirteen
‘Last night I lost the world, and gained the universe.’
C. Joybell C.

I buried my dress under a rock beside the dock where Macy’s rested before I dove deep into the ocean.
‘Amphitrite!’ I yelled, my voice weird in the water. It sounded like a weird combination of high pitches and gurgles, like a whale call. I repeated her name over and over, sending it as far into the depths of the water as possible. It was almost impenetrable - the dark - and the only luminescence at the sea floor came from my fins as they pulsed with radiance. My hair drifted around me, turning a paler shade of blonde the deeper I went. I had to have been right about her. That woman was Amphitrite, the sea Goddess and wife of Poseidon. I had to be right, otherwise this was all for nothing.
Eventually I grew increasingly exhausted and I knew I would have to rest, but I still hadn’t found Amphitrite. She had to be here. She simply had to. In curiosity, I swam to the surface and searched for the lights of the shoreline and gasped. I was further out than I had anticipated, the city bejewelled with glittering lights miles away. No one from the shore would see me out here, simply an insignificant speck to them unless they used a telescope. I sighed, wondering if this entire venture was a complete waste of time. My energy was waning, and if I didn’t go back now, the tide would drift me further out to sea. By morning, I would have no chance of finding home.
Finally, I began the long swim home. I knew the general direction now and I would have to swim the final length underwater when I got close, but for now I simply watched the sparkling lights ahead. The wind was beginning to pick up, an impending storm brewing in the air. I picked up my pace a little, feeling the water stir around me like a waking giant. I knew I would be lucky if I got home before the storm hit, but I would certainly try. When the wind began to pick up, lashing the surface of the sea, I decided to travel the remainder of the distance below the surface. My arms stretched out in front of me, two powerful entities as my gracefully webbed fingers powered me through the currents.
I was almost back to the docks when I finally heard her. She was singing, gracefully warming the waters with her beautiful melody. As I turned, though, the singing instantly stopped and she froze in place. She was beautiful, but her eyes were wide in shock as she stared at me. I raised a hand in her direction, offering her a smile but she instantly took off in the opposite direction.
I had to work to keep up with her. She dove down, and then back up within an instant. Numerous times I slammed my shoulders into the rocky sea bed, stirring sea life and scratching my skin. Silvery red blood seeped out from the wound but was carried away in the current as I powered after her. Why was she scared of me? Why was she running? I didn’t have much time to wonder before I crashed into another rock, some more sand, stirring more sea creatures. Finally the waters opened up and she moved more directly, offering me an unintentional chance to catch up.
It was the most I had been put to work since my birthday, my fins burning as they tried to keep up. Finally, a thought processed in my head and before I knew it, everything was frozen. I shuddered as the temperature dropped, the water turning hard as rock as it captured me. I moulded it around her, capturing her in a bubble of water where she was free to move, but only as far as my barriers would allow. She pressed her hands against the solidified water, the once-liquefied entity turning paler as it transformed into a cube of ice. Amphitrite made herself move as close to me as possible, her webbed fingers pressed wide against her prison as I moved my own adjacent to hers.
She seemed to stare at me in shock, her eyes wide and her mouth gaping open. My chest ached as I wished for answers, wondering if she would be willing to give them to me. I sighed and dropped my hands, moving back away from the ice block. She offered me a sad smile of understanding and copied my actions, her hair flowing around her in much the same fashion as my own. Tears welled in my eyes but were carried away by the current, leaving me feeling part way between empty and hopeful. Amphitrite at least had some of the answers I needed, the ones that Nevada and Chris couldn’t offer me. I bit my lip, wondering if it was really the right time or if I should wait and bring Lainie with me.
Amphitrite looked at me, tipping her head on the side as though she understood exactly what was running through my mind. Who knew, she probably did. She was the Goddess after all. I didn’t know what she was capable of. Gently and slowly, she moved down until she was resting on the bottom of her ice prison, her fins wrapped to one side as she made herself comfortable. I needed to make a decision now: wait for Lainie and risk losing Amphitrite forever, or get the answers now. Unsure, I decided to go for the latter.
I cleared my throat, feeling weird now that I had to decide what to say. What do you say to a Goddess? I had no idea. Thankfully, I didn’t need to. Amphitrite moved forward until she was resting on her stomach, propping her chin up on her hands so her elbows took the weight.
‘Hello Iris,’ she greeted me. ‘It’s been a little while.’ Just like last time, her voice was beautiful and melodic, travelling through the water effortlessly despite the ice barrier I had set between us.
‘Hello,’ I returned, biting my lip. ‘Are you … Amphitrite?’ She grinned, her eyes crinkling at the edges though she didn’t appear any older. I guess being a Goddess means you don’t have to conform to a human rate of aging - if any. She watched me with open curiosity, like a mother watching her baby draw for the first time and seeing what they would come up with. She turned her hand on an angle, emphasizing her expression of curiosity.
‘Yes, Iris. I am Amphitrite,’ she answered me eventually. She rested her back against the side of the ice cage, making herself comfortable. ‘What more do you know of me?’ She was genuinely interested, her eyes glowing with anticipation. She was learning just as much as me, I realised. I cleared my throat and fiddled with my fingers, my little habit.
‘I know that you blessed my sister and me,’ I offered. ‘But I don’t know much more than that.’ I looked up at her, waiting for her reply but she simply watched me with that curious gaze of hers. Suddenly, she nodded and looked away, into the depths of the ocean. I followed her gaze, but whatever she was seeing, I wasn’t able to. She sighed, shaking her head to herself.
She returned her gaze to me. ‘I am Amphitrite, yes, and Poseidon is my husband,’ she informed me, repeating the knowledge that the Davies had fed to me not so long ago. I nodded, encouraging her to go on. She’d stopped though, chewing on her bottom lip in a gesture I had never thought a Goddess would be caught doing. She seemed to realise and stopped, looking down at her fingers laced over her fins.
I took a deep breath and settled my gaze on her, taking in her beautiful appearance as it swirled through my mind, chasing away all my questions until only one remained. It was difficult to think about, especially as Chris and Nevada’s lies cut deep into my heart. Through the invisible splinters, though, I searched, knowing that I had to get answers. Now more than ever, considering how difficult it had been to track her down, I knew I needed to get my answers before she disappeared completely. Feeling oddly breathless, I moved closer to the ice cage and pressed my fingertips longingly to the cold surface.
‘Are you my mother?’ I whispered, my chest tightening as the words escaped my head and through my lips. My quest for knowledge burned through my veins, securing my resolve of the issue. I watched her as she pursed her lips, her eyes wide from the shock of the question. Finally, she bowed her head and disappointment rang like a bell through my entire body. My fins - that had been working unconsciously to keep me in place - stopped, and both my body and the ice cage started to drift farther to the bottom of the sea.
‘Not quite.’
Those two words sparked a feeling of hope that zipped through my veins, igniting the quest in my heart. She appeared saddened by my reaction, though, but that didn’t matter to me. She knew things that could help me find my real family. My hand flattened against the ice cage, halting its gradual descent to the sea floor. Amphitrite noticed my hope, my fins pulsing brightly as it ran through me. She quietly moved toward me, pressing her hands against the wall of the ice cage once again.
‘I know the waters where we discovered your sister and yourself,’ she informed me, my jaw dropping open. ‘But I do not know who your blood relation is. It was what the humans like to call June fifth when we found you both. Poseidon was displeased with the humans at Santa Monica for littering the ocean, and so he released a tremulous and fierce storm on the city surrounding the pier. He reluctantly joined his brother and enemy, Zeus, in the effort to release havoc. To this day, I have no understanding of why they joined in arms to punish the humans, but I was there. I was in charge of patrolling the ocean, and limiting the damage to the sea life and sea bed.
‘I was about to rejoin my husband on his chariot when I felt the disturbance where your sister and you were drifting through the waves. I couldn’t understand how that happened. You were both completely human, but here you both were, drifting. Lainie was the first we noticed from her screams of terror, but when we gathered you from the sea, you were calm. You only stirred when you heard your sister’s distress, but even then you were simply acting in a familial need to protect her.’
I was caught in shock, surprised by Amphitrite’s willingness to cooperate. First, she’d tried escaping from me and now she was willing to cooperate? She watched me with a small smile, and I wondered to myself if she was actually telling me the truth. She may have been a Goddess, but that didn’t mean she was above lying to me. After all, she was the one who was cornered, and those who were cornered did not usually take well to it. Maybe she was leading me on, gaining my trust until I finally decided to release her, and then she would be gone. I sighed, my shoulders dropping along with her smile.
‘What is wrong?’ she asked. I opened my mouth to answer her, to tell her of my suspicions but she suddenly slammed back against the opposite wall. Her mouth floundered open and shut, her eyes wide as a series of tremors surged through the water. They were powerful enough to knock both the ice cage and my body to the side, and she surged toward me. She scratched her nails against the walls, desperate to escape.
‘What was that?’ I asked, the panic slowly seeping through my body. I couldn’t see much beyond the depths of the sea, so dark that had my fins not illuminated the waters, I doubted I would be able to see my own hand. Amphitrite met my eyes, running her hands over the walls.
‘You need to release me and return to the mainland,’ she warned me, the tremors now becoming a regular occurrence. ‘Please, you must believe me. Poseidon’s greatest enemy is rising.’ I held her gaze for several, quick moments that seemed to drag like hours. Finally, I decided to release her. She watched in awe as the ice cage began to split and crack, leaving me with a tight migraine as the pressure released. A large fissure marred the surface of the cage, and I watched in shock as Amphitrite gripped it between her hands and forced an opening large enough for her to slip through. When she was released, I relinquished my hold on the ice cage and it quickly sunk to the bottom of the ocean, melting as it went. I watched in disbelief at the formation I had created. It should have been impossible, but I had frozen salty water into an ice cage.
Amphitrite’s hand snatched my wrist, the nails scraping my skin in her haste as she quickly pulled me from my thoughts. She drew my face into her hands, looking sternly into my eyes. I could see the fear in her own, and knew that we were both in danger. She hadn’t been lying to me.
‘When I return you to the mainland, you must refrain both your sister and yourself from entering the waters until calmness returns to the currents,’ she instructed, her eyes glistening from her overwhelming need to protect me. I didn’t understand at first, but then I realised. She was my mother. Not by blood relation, but as much of a mother as Nevada had been to Lainie and me through the years. She offered me a quick, small smile and drew me into a tight hug. ‘I don’t know when I’ll see you again, but I promise you, we will.’ Then she released me just as fast and snatched my wrist once more.
I barely had a moment to react before she was powering through the waters, her fins barely moving though her body in conjunction with mine travelled inhumanly fast. Duh, I berated myself. Neither of us are human. We had barely been travelling for a minute before she quickly pulled us both to a halt below Macy’s floating establishment, and I turned to face her with my mouth half-open. She smiled fearfully, running her hand over my fins. I couldn’t pull my gaze away as she did so, her hand providing a blinding white light that I had no doubt could be seen from the surface.
‘I need to go now,’ she informed me, my eyes firmly planted where my fins had transformed back into legs. ‘The next time you enter the sea, your fins will return. Farewell.’ She grinned suddenly, shoving my summer dress over my head and down over my body. The next moment, I was being caught in a sudden and fierce current, propelled high up through the water until I crashed down onto the docks. I coughed from the impact, the jarring effect leaving my body void of breath. My lungs worked overtime to accommodate the sudden change from breathing in salty water to clear oxygen, and once I was able to breathe, I jumped to my feet.
The amulet at my throat pulsed dully as I ran across the street, noticing as the houses around me shut their windows and doors against the harsh winds. My dress clung to me, the fine sand granules from the roadside stinging my legs from where they’d been tossed in the wind. I could hear the waves behind me as they lapped against the land, spilling over the edge and onto the road. I wondered idly if we were safe here, but I dismissed the thought. Between my power of being able to freeze time and water into ice, I was more than adequately prepared against the storm that lashed against the land.
I shrieked as lightning tore through the sky above me, striking a tree just a few houses down from my own. It echoed through the night, the tree sparking as it dropped a branch onto the road. Nevada opened the front door when she heard my feet thundering across the front porch, shutting it the moment I was safely inside and Chris wrapped a towel tightly around my body. It was then that I saw Lainie, looking terrified as she took in my soaked appearance. Her arms were wrapped tightly around her body, her fingers digging into her sides.
‘Thank God you’re safe!’ Nevada yelled, barely audible above the sound of the rain thundering against the roof. ‘Thank God!’

Chapter Fourteen
‘To the world you may be one person, but to one person you may be the world’
Anonymous.

I slept in the following morning.
Warm sunlight lit my room as my alarm went off and I quickly slammed my hand on it, effectively silencing it. I could hear my sister in the next room, hurrying to get ready for school. Someone knocked on my door, and Nevada quietly poked her head in. She offered me a small smile and dropped a pair of my favourite ballet flats inside the entrance.
‘Good morning honey,’ she said. ‘Breakfast is to go this morning. We all slept in, so I’m driving you to school. Ten minutes until you have to be in the car.’ I swore under my breath as Nevada shut the door, jumping out of bed. I ran over to my closet and grabbed the first summer dress I saw, a pretty pale green and white garment with fake fabric flowers around the waist. Lainie strutted in through the door, shutting it behind her but I ignored her interruption and quickly stripped out of my pyjamas. She shrieked and hurried to cover her eyes but I simply pulled the dress over my head and set about ridding the tangles from my hair.
‘Some warning would have been nice,’ Lainie muttered. I rolled my eyes at her and tossed my pyjamas on my messy bed.
‘Some privacy would also be nice,’ I pointed out.
‘Touché,’ she allowed, admiring the sparkling red nail polish she wore. I crossed into my ensuite and quickly twisted my hair into a messy knot that both looked nice and kept my hair out of the way. Lainie screwed up her nose at the hairstyle and commented on my likeness to a rat as I slid my feet into my flats. With my prepared school bag tossed over my shoulder, I opened my bedroom door and swept my arm in a gesture for Lainie to leave. She didn’t say much, simply raising her hands in defeat as she got up off my bed and crossed the room.
When she reached the exit, she paused and pointed to my hair. ‘I doubt Xanthias will like that much,’ she commented, laughing as I shooed her out and slammed the door shut. I chased her down the stairs, listening to her childish squeals and we stood off at opposite sides of the dining room table. 
‘Iris loves Xanthias,’ Lainie taunted, her eyes bulging as I dropped my bag and ran at her with a sudden burst of speed. I had almost caught her when Nevada stepped in between us and shoved a strawberries and cream skinny shake into Lainie’s hands, and a double caramel mocha into mine.
‘Enough,’ she ordered, though her small smile revealed how much she enjoyed our bickering. ‘Drink up. We’re all running late.’ Lainie and I nodded obediently, even as I clenched my jaw and snatched up my bag off the floor. Nevada and Chris had lied to us our entire lives. How could they still have the power to tell us what to do? Lainie didn’t seem to care, so I decided to let it pass and downed my mocha even before we exited the back door. Nevada hadn’t been kidding when she’d told us breakfast was to go. Lainie led the way, followed by Nevada, then me. I disposed of my empty plastic cup in the garbage on the way to Nevada’s car, and I resumed my place in the back seat.
‘Excited for the party?’ Nevada asked as she drove, her eyes flickering to the rear view mirror. I knew she was trying to get information on Xanthias and me, but she was going to be sorely disappointed when she eventually found out that nothing was ever going to happen. I shrugged, but Lainie jumped up and down in her seat in anticipation.
‘I’ve got the perfect dress to win Ryker over,’ she stated smugly. Oh, how disappointed she would be when she found out what I had done. ‘I doubt Isabella will even dare show her face tonight.’ She was referring to Isabella’s sabotaged dress. Obviously she hadn’t heard about the replacement then. I was thankful no one had noticed the extra money I’d spent on it from the credit card. I bit my lip and tuned Lainie out, which wasn’t as difficult as I had anticipated. Before I knew it, we were at school, the sun beating down from above as though we’d never been on the verge of experiencing the first stages of a hurricane the previous night. Lainie sneered as Nevada pulled into a space near the front entrance, watching as Ryker helped Isabella out of an inconspicuous black van.
Nevada noticed, squeezing Lainie’s shoulder sympathetically. ‘Don’t worry about them,’ she murmured in Lainie’s ear. ‘Just concentrate on having a good time with your friends. If he’s worth it, he’ll love you more when you’re not tripping head over heels to seduce him.’ Lainie looked at Nevada with a hopeful expression. I groaned, knowing that this would lead to nowhere except Complainville for Lainie, and she’d drag the rest of us along for the ride. Refusing to listen any longer, I yanked on the door handle and pulled myself out of the car. The sun was warm as it greeted my spine, and I quickly retrieved my bag from the back seat.
With a wave goodbye to Nevada, I followed Ryker and Isabella into the main office for a late slip. Lainie hung behind for a while until Isabella was gone, and I was surprised to find her following Xanthias in. Ryker quickly finished signing off in the late book when he noticed Lainie there, slipping the pen into my hand before he stalked off down the hall. The office lady turned the late book to a fresh page, offering me the first section with a sigh.
‘I know that being a senior gives students leniency,’ she mumbled, ‘but this is just ridiculous.’ She stormed off to print off my pass as I finished filling out the late book, signing my name with a simple scrawl that passed for a signature. When the office lady returned and offered me my late pass, she noticed Xanthias and Lainie standing to the side and returned to her computer to print off their passes, too. She continued shaking her head all the while.
‘Iris,’ Lainie addressed me in a whisper. ‘Will you wait for me? We have math together this morning.’ I nodded reluctantly. Lainie - confident, stunning Lainie - was terrified when it came to entering class late by herself. Usually I would simply walk off without her, leaving her there, but I had math with her - the one class that she could turn into a living hell if I abandoned her in the office. Xanthias stood aside as Lainie moved toward the late book, and the office lady sighed as she had to walk her through the different sign-in sections. This could take a while, I thought, sitting on one of the rock-solid office chairs in the corner. Xanthias walked over and sat on the one to my left, so close I could feel the warmth radiating from his body. I stiffened, breathing in the scent of rain and fresh grass that lingered on his body.
We sat in silence for several moments, my fingers working to rub against my thumbs in a calming gesture. Xanthias bounced his foot on the floor, his knee moving up and down in an annoying motion. Eventually it became all too much for me, and I lashed out, pressing down on his knee to stop him from moving. He stilled instantly, his eyes wide as I quickly snatched my hand back. What did I just do? I never acted on impulse, but his irritation had driven me too far. I bit my lip and grabbed the edges of my dress in a bid to stop myself from ruining my thumbs any further.
‘Iris,’ he whispered, turning to face me. ‘Iris, were you okay last night? Were you safe? I was worried.’ I reluctantly peeked up at him, his hair low over his eyes. He looked so mysterious, but then I noticed the dark marks below his eyes and the pallor of his skin. He was worried about me that night. Then again, Amphitrite had told me that Cronus was rising. Perhaps he was so restless because he was worried of what would become of Beaufort and its people should Cronus decide to challenge Poseidon. I shrugged noncommittally and looked down at my hands.
‘I saw Amphitrite,’ I whispered, so low that I could barely hear it myself. He nodded though. He’d heard me. ‘She told me not to go back in the water until it calmed. She also told me that Poseidon’s enemy is rising. Whether that be Cronus or someone else, I don’t know.’ Xanthias was quiet as he considered the information, his jaw clicking as it clenched. He seemed as though he was about to say something but Lainie hurried over to me after finally receiving her late pass and snatched me by the arm. Xanthias straightened instantly, as though we hadn’t just been talking about mythology coming to life, and she dragged me off to class.
‘Enough of lover-boy,’ Lainie muttered as she and I exited the office and into the hall. ‘We’ve got a class to attend.’

∞

Starden embraced Lainie in front of me, not even caring who saw as they played tongue wars. I tried to stop myself from gagging as I turned away, only to find Xanthias paused at the bottom of the stairs on his way to his bike, a sleek-looking thing several spaces down. He turned as he scanned the cars that lined the spaces, but he didn’t seem able to find what he was looking for judging by the shake of his head. When he turned on his heel, he peered up at me and locked his gaze with mine, offering a small smile as I turned back to Lainie and Starden, thankful that they’d pulled apart from their little game of tongue twisting.
‘Ready to go?’ he asked Lainie, his hand trailing lower down her spine. I cleared my throat, my arms crossed as I stood there awkwardly. Starden’s cheeks reddened as he realised that I was still there, but Lainie didn’t seem to care.
‘I … uh … need a lift,’ I mumbled, biting my lip as I looked away. Starden gaped at me, his jaw dropping in shock. Lainie elbowed him in the stomach and he finally shut his mouth, swiping the stunned expression from his face. I had always told Starden that I saw the way he drove and never once would I ever be caught being driven around in his tin bucket of a car. Now, I was eating my own words, something that didn’t happen often.
‘Yeah, sure,’ he stuttered, recovering as he flicked his gaze to my left. I turned my gaze in the same direction and stiffened as Xanthias stood beside me. Once again, I could feel the warmth radiating from his body, even as a freezing breeze passed between us and lifted my skin in a series of goosebumps. I shivered involuntarily and he shucked off his thin leather jacket, draping it over my shoulders even as I shook my head.
‘I’ll give you a lift,’ Xanthias offered, gesturing to his bike. ‘I can’t promise that you won’t be cold but I can promise that you’ll be safe with me.’ I bit my lip as I weighed up my options. I could either go with Starden and Lainie and be scarred for the rest of my life, or brave the cold and my shyness, and arrive home quickly on the back of Xanthias’ bike. I was still deciding when Lainie snatched up Starden’s hand and led him down the stairs, his hands snaking greedily over her bare skin. Xanthias cleared his throat and I turned to face him, biting my lip still. Suddenly, all my confidence went down the drain and I could barely look him in the eye without my cheeks flushing an embarrassing shade of red.
Xanthias, though, simply smiled. ‘Bike it is then, I guess,’ he stated, raising his eyebrows. I nodded and followed him down the stairs. When he led me to the bike, it looked so much more sinister. The black paint was sleek as a panther, the sunlight gleaming off the shiny surface as though it was embedded with diamonds. I raised my hand to shield my eyes as he opened the storage compartment and pulled out an extra helmet and shoved his bag in its place. When he walked over to me, he didn’t speak before he had my head strapped into the protective equipment. Then he simply walked over to the bike and sat on the seat, his legs straddling the machine as he switched it on and gestured me over.
I walked shyly, unsure of the machine as its engine revved to life. It was like a demon encased in metal, the silver untouched by the scratches I’d seen on the others. Xanthias offered me his hand to steady me, and I quickly swung my leg over the seat. Settling into place behind him, I wrapped my arms around his torso and settled my feet on the foot rests below. I quickly tucked my dress around my legs as he settled his own helmet on his head, making sure that I wasn’t going to flash anyone. When his helmet was fastened and my arms were once again wrapped tightly around his chest, he turned his head to look at me.
‘Ready?’ he shouted over the sound of the engine. I nodded mutely, pressing into his back as he walked the bike back and took off, away from the school.
I tried to keep my eyes shut during the ride, but it proved impossible as the machine jerked forward and lifted up, the front wheel raised as Xanthias executed a wheelie. I dug my nails into his chest, letting him know that I didn’t like the trick and he slowed back down to the speed limit. When we stopped for traffic, he turned his head and looked at me.
‘I’m sorry,’ he apologised, his voice genuinely sorry. I nodded, letting him know that I accepted it and the bike veered forward again, turning into my street. The docks flashed past, the sun beating down on my spine and I pulled myself closer to Xanthias, knowing it was almost over. I breathed in the scent of fresh rain and grass, the crispness waking me from whatever sleepiness I had had during the day. As the bike’s revs became quieter, he steered into my driveway and came to a stop. Luckily, neither Chris nor Nevada’s vehicles were in the drive. I really didn’t want to have to explain to them what I was doing, riding on the back of a mysterious bike.
As I climbed off the bike, I pulled the helmet off and noticed Xanthias do the same. He switched off the engine, moving to stand beside me and he opened the bike’s storage compartment.
‘Thank you,’ I told him, biting my lip for what had to have been the millionth time. ‘I appreciate it.’ He smiled, revealing perfectly white teeth.
‘You’re welcome,’ he replied. I nodded and started for the stairs, but paused when he called my name. As I turned to face him, he grinned. ‘Are you still coming to the party tonight?’ I rubbed my thumbs, considering. Eventually, I nodded.
‘Yes,’ I told him. ‘Why?’ He swung his leg back over the bike and rested his helmet against the seat in front of him.
‘If last night’s weather was going to continue, it wasn’t going to go ahead,’ he informed me. ‘But it’s cleared up now, so the party must go on!’ He grinned stupidly, making me laugh. ‘It’s going to be changed though. Don’t come by the house tonight. There won’t be anyone there. Come by the docks at sunset. I have a surprise for everyone.’ I simply nodded, choosing not to speak as he waved goodbye and pulled his helmet on. I didn’t stand around to watch him leave. Instead, I hurried inside and dumped my bag at the front door, taking the stairs two at a time. My heart was racing, my smile unable to be swiped off my face even when I tried.
I had a party to go to. An actual party, not one of the slumber nights that Fran and I decided to call a party. Drinks, people, music. The works. The best part of all would be seeing my sister’s reaction to Isabella, in the new dress that I’d got for her that was even more stunning than the previous one.
No, tonight would be fun.
Tonight, I would party.

Chapter Fifteen
‘And she was terribly aware that she was alive. Not just living and breathing, but … alive.’
Mary Baloug, ‘Simply Love.’

The fact that we now met at the docks meant that I was simply able to walk down the road when it came time to go. Nevada met my sister and I at the door, kissing our foreheads while Chris refused to acknowledge that we were eighteen now, and well capable of going out with people our own age. When Lainie and I stepped out onto the front porch and Nevada switched on the light, I noticed for the first time how much like Yin and Yang we looked. With her lacy black dress swept around her thin body, Lainie looked dark and seductive, only increased by the dark red lipstick and eyeliner she wore.
I, on the other hand, chose to go for a more natural look. The white, strapless dress shimmered when I moved, while my hair had been left down and sporting its natural waves. In the light of the porch, I noticed how much lighter my hair had become and Nevada stepped forward, frowning as she fixed some strands.
‘Iris, honey,’ she addressed me. ‘Have you done anything to your hair recently?’ I frowned, faking innocence. I knew that my hair had changed colour, but I wasn’t about to go around telling everyone. Lainie frowned, too, noticing now that it had been brought to her attention.
‘Not that I’m aware of,’ I answered Nevada, shaking the strands from her grasp. She seemed unsure but dropped it, replacing her frown with an easy smile. She passed us each a light jacket to throw over our dresses if it got cold and we said our goodbyes. Lainie was by far more excited than me, tugging me away from the front porch and across the street. The sun was already below the horizon, removing all the heat from the wind. I shoved my jacket on, a pretty blazer that appeared matte against the sparkles of the dress. A vehicle pulled to the curb ahead, its recognisable rumble pulling my sister closer. When the engine stopped, Starden stepped out of his tin can of a car and Lainie ran into his arms. Thankfully she released me in the process so I was able to continue walking to the docks.
Music pulsed through the air, leaving my body feeling almost as alive as when I was finned. I quickened my pace, rounding a tree near the entrance to the docks and I paused in shock. A massive boat of luxury floated on the water before me, Xanthias’ guests boarding as the evening grew cooler. Lainie was giggling down the road behind me, but she, too, stopped in awe as the boat came into view. I didn’t even want to guess how much it was worth or how many years his parents had had to work to afford it. Starden whistled appreciatively, earning a slap on the shoulder from Lainie.
‘Come on,’ she urged, pushing my shoulder as she tried to make me move. I gave in, my feet carrying me in a haze as Chrysabelle exited the boat and spotted my sister and I. She glared, her lips pulling into a sneer and she quickly returned inside. Xanthias came out a moment later, his eyes flicking around quickly as he tried to find someone. A moment later, he spotted us and he offered me a large smile that crinkled the edges of his eyes. He gestured to us to come aboard, pushing past the other guests as he stepped onto the docks. He stopped in an instant, taking in my dress. His eyes bulged and Starden stepped forward, pulling Lainie after him. He playfully punched Xanthias’ shoulder.
‘Stop drooling, man,’ he teased. ‘She’s hot and all, but no one likes a drooler.’ Xanthias straightened, pulling at his shirt self-consciously. Starden simply chuckled and pulled Lainie aboard, the boat uneasy as the sea began to roughen. My stomach groaned with unease, but Xanthias appeared to be calm so I pushed it aside. He recovered, straightening his spine and he offered me his hand in a gentlemanly gesture.
‘Shall we?’ he asked, taking my hand. He was gentle as he gripped my fingers and he pulled me aboard, the massive boat swaying with the currents. It knocked against the docks, causing some people to loose their footing and tumble to the floor. I was suddenly glad that I hadn’t chosen to wear skyscraper heels like my sister, instead opting for a pair of modest white flats with tiny bows across the tips. Nonetheless, Xanthias’ grip tightened around my hand until he was sure that I wasn’t about to go stumbling over the edge.
The boat had the likeness of a ship. Its massive size meant that Xanthias was able to lead me down to a main deck under cover where permanent seats rimmed the walls and glass was all that separated us from the sea spray. The floor was pale hardwood, polished so much that I was sure I would be able to see my reflection in it. Underneath were the bedrooms and their bathrooms, as well as the kitchen where the guests filtered continuously in a search for the never-ending supply of alcoholic beverages. Xanthias led me there first, offering me an unopened can of lemonade before we walked back up to the main deck.
The lights had been turned out in our absence, the disco lights overhead casting rainbows over the dancing students. Xanthias led me to a plush seat to the front of the boat where we sat as the driver steered us out to sea. As Chrysabelle moved all the guests inside and shut the door to the rear deck, the sea started to become rougher. Starden complained as a dancer fell on his lap, spilling punch all over the girl to his left. Luckily, my sister was spared and she gripped the seat tightly to stop herself from sliding away. Xanthias didn’t seem to mind the currents though, looking completely at ease.
Our driver only stopped and dropped the anchor when we were far enough out to be able to see the glistening lights of Beaufort in the distance and the party entered full swing. I sat at the edge of the room like a wallflower, gripping my dress with my fingertips while I watched Lainie dance with Fran. A moment later, she turned and spotted Isabella, Ryker’s arm slung lovingly around her shoulders. A loud hiss escaped her lips as she took in the pretty purple dress Isabella wore, the silk fabric falling prettily around her frame and accentuating the creaminess of her skin. I smirked, enjoying watching my sister’s attempt at sabotage being slapped right back in her face.
‘Want to dance?’ Xanthias asked, his expression one of shyness. I bit my lip and nodded, allowing him to take me by the hand and the music turned to something slow and beautiful. Jazzy, I realised, listening to the sound of a saxophone as it wove its way through the deck. Xanthias seemed unsure, but his actions were confident as he placed his hands around my waist and pulled me close. My arms stretched around his neck, and I was transfixed by the mysteriousness of his gaze. He was alluring and dangerous, but confident and shy. He moved his hands, but instead of going down like any other teenage male I’d expected, he moved them up to my shoulders. After stopping there for a moment, they returned to their original position, leaving me shivering with intoxication.
‘You are so beautiful,’ he murmured, resting his forehead against mine. ‘I’ve known that ever since I-’
‘Xanthias!’ Chrysabelle interrupted, stepping between us. ‘You have to stop the party, now. Grandmother Pearl and Great Aunt Lisbeth have told me that we’re not safe out here. We have to go back before another storm comes.’ He straightened instantly, meeting my gaze worriedly. Rumbling was heard over the sound of the music, and the DJ was playing as loud as he could. Suddenly, lightning streaked past the boat, stunning the dancers. The boat danced itself over the currents, shaking as the driver tried to stop it from tipping. Chrysabelle turned on her heel as she moved toward the DJ, but I feared it was already too late.
As the music cut out, the waves were already growing larger. Chrysabelle stole the microphone off the DJ, earning curses as she flagged the attention of the guests. She barely stayed upright as the boat began to rock, the water coming dangerously close to the glass before it lolled to the other side. Words of disappointment were whispered amongst the students, the party being cancelled before it had barely begun. Chrysabelle apologised, replacing the microphone with the DJ as she return to Xanthias, her shoes sliding as the boat teetered uneasily to one side. I gripped my seat, looking across to my sister at the opposite side of the boat. Finally the rain tumbled down, the sky vibrating from the rumbles of thunder and lightning came dangerously close to the boat.
The waves were large enough to almost engulf the boat, but somehow, it always managed to remain afloat. Xanthias’ jaw ticked nervously and Chrysabelle ran to the back deck to stop the students from jumping from the boat. I looked at Xanthias, my eyes wide as the ship tilted once more and I slipped. He caught me, his strong arms holding me to him and he ran his fingertips up my spine and through my hair. I stared at him, my eyes wide and my mouth dry as I realised I wanted to kiss him. He bent his head to mine, the moment slow and gentle. His hand reached under my chin, lifting my head to face him, but he never kissed me.
Screams echoed, interrupting us. I turned immediately, my eyes locking onto an image that would haunt me beyond the grave. Before us, the water was rising, ready to engulf the boat. I didn’t think. I simply acted on impulse, watching as the world changed around me. My eyes locked with Lainie’s her face one of shock as I did what I had to.
On the brink of death, the world froze.

Chapter Sixteen
‘Desperation can make a person do surprising things.’
Veronica Roth, ‘Allegiant’

I opened my eyes and blinked at the world around me. My panic entered full-swing a moment later, seeing the frozen wave beside the boat. We had no chance against it if I couldn’t hold it, but if everyone was out of the boat, we had a chance of survival. Xanthias breathed in deeply beside me, scaring me. I looked at him with wide eyes and noticed a moment later that Lainie and Chrysabelle, too, were able to move. They all stared at me, their mouths open wide in shock. Chrysabelle was the first of three to break out of her stupor and looked around the boat, looking for life jackets and inflatable rafts. Xanthias simply watched me and I grabbed his shoulders, digging my nails in.
‘Xanthias,’ I told him, my voice calm despite what was running through my body. ‘You have to help Chrysabelle get the people off the boat. If I can’t hold it, the glass will break and most people will die.’ He nodded, the urgency of the situation kicking in. He followed his mother, gathering as many life jackets as he could and shoving them over the heads of the frozen. He tried to offer me one but I shook my head and walked over to Lainie. I placed one on her and strapped her into it, her eyes wide and focused on the wave behind me as I worked.
‘You … you … you stopped the wave!’ she shrieked hysterically, pointing over my shoulder. ‘You freaking stopped the wave!’ I settled my lips into a thin line and slapped her across the face, my hand stinging from the impact. She stared at me in shock, her mouth a perfect little ‘O’ as she reached up to her throbbing, red cheek. A moment later, she was glaring at me and flinging threats, and I knew I had my sister back.
‘Stop complaining about something I had to do and go save somebody!’ I shouted at her, trails of sweat running down my face as I threw her a spare life jacket and she hurried down to the lower deck. I grabbed another life jacket and clambered outside, my shoes slipping on the ladder as I hauled myself up to the driver. He wore a raincoat, his hands raised as though the gesture would save him from the gigantic wave before him. I didn’t waste any time. My feet moved quickly and I slid to a stop as I shoved the life jacket over his head. I was tightening the last strap around his broad chest as movement alerted my senses.
It was only slight, the tiniest movement of the wave as it loomed a little closer, and I knew that my power was weakening. Leaving the driver there, I quickly jumped off the driver’s deck and down to the main deck. As I slid open the door, my ankle clicking painfully, I noticed that more people had been moved into the main deck - and every single one wore a life jacket. Even Xanthias and Chrysabelle wore them, the last one in Xanthias’ hands as he moved toward me. I slapped it away, though, moving toward a girl who appeared lighter and thinner than me. I lifted her uneasily, her body giving only slightly as I hauled her toward the exit.
‘Grab whoever you can and get them outside!’ I yelled, the water now beginning to slowly dribble down the windows. ‘Get them outside and they stand a chance!’ Chrysabelle, Xanthias and Lainie didn’t waste any time, grabbing whoever was nearest and dragging them to the outside decks. They were like over-sized dolls that barely moved at our touch. Xanthias doubled my count in no time, and eventually there were only three people remaining that Chrysabelle, Lainie and I were trying to drag outside. Xanthias ran over to me as Chrysabelle and Lainie exited, leaving the room empty aside from Xanthias, the person I’d been dragging and me.
‘Go,’ he demanded, pointing to the life jacket that I had thrown aside. I nodded, skidding as the boat tilted further, time returning to normal. I refused to thaw, though, until Xanthias had escaped and I screamed as my mind tore from the mental strain. My body tensed, my hands unable to move the life jacket. The slow sound of smashing glass formed in my ears, the water droplets slowly tickling my neck and the glass slicing my skin. Warmth wrapped around my body, surrounding me in a cocoon of protection as the magnificent wave swallowed the boat whole, reminding of a painting by a Japanese artist whose name I could never remember.
Ringing echoed through my head as my vision blacked out, my neck stinging where the glass had sliced through my skin and left little incisions. While I could breathe underwater, I was blanketed by something warm and smooth, and I looked up to find Xanthias’ eyes locked on mine. It was only then that I saw the remains of the boat, sinking to the sea floor below as the current swept us to the side violently. I felt safe in his arms though, the muscles tight around me as he pulled me toward the surface, my fins brushing against his. A moment later, we broke through the surface but the danger wasn’t over yet.
Thunder rumbled far above, streaks of lightning drawing the attention of the screaming students. I swam over to my sister, dragging Xanthias along by his hand and I grabbed her by the shoulders. I looked into her eyes as screams erupted all around us, stealing her attention away from the danger. Her fins worked to keep her afloat, her arms around Starden as she kept his unconscious form above the surface. Xanthias moved forward to take hold of him, freeing my sisters hands for what I was about to ask her to do. Lainie’s bottom lip quivered as she looked at me.
‘Is he alive?’ she yelled, another wave crashing above us as she waited.
‘Yes,’ I told her, even though I wasn’t sure. ‘Lainie, remember how you forced me to leave you alone the other day?’ I watched her closely, her eyes darting toward the newest threat before she looked back at me. She nodded.
‘I was mad at you,’ she recounted. I nodded encouragingly.
‘How do you feel now, Lainie?’ I asked. ‘You were angry and wanted me to go away. How do you feel now and what would you want to happen to fix that?’ She looked at me in fear, but as her mind processed this information, she quickly connected the dots.
‘I’m scared,’ she told me. ‘I’m scared and I want the waves to stop.’ I nodded, offering her a thin smile. She’d got it. Now came the difficult part.
‘Lainie,’ I addressed her. ‘You need to use your power of persuasion to manipulate the waves.’ She looked at me with wide, terrified eyes and I realised just how unprepared she was. Of course she was unprepared. I wasn’t even prepared, and now I was expecting her to be? I shook my head at my own absurdity but knew there was no other way to save these people. We’d got them off the boat, but that was just the start of our quest for survival. Now it was Lainie’s turn to save us. I knew how unfair it was to ask her to do this, but if she didn’t soon, these people could all die.
I met Xanthias’ gaze as another wave plummeted toward us, crashing down with enough force to almost knock me out. I fell back, stunned and Xanthias grabbed my wrist to keep me above the surface. With my ears ringing, I looked at my sister and decided my final course of action. It was a difficult one, and one that I wasn’t sure would work, but I had to try. Looking at my sister, I narrowed my eyes and shot a look at Starden. He’d been nothing but loyal to her while she messed with his head, and probably even knew it. He loved her to a fault, and he would give his life to keep her safe. He was her Achilles Heel.
‘Look at Starden,’ I ordered, watching her head swivel around. ‘He loves you, while all you do is screw with him. He is willing to die to protect you. Can’t you at the very least allow him to live?’ Lainie looked at him with tears fresh in her eyes. Yes, I had hit a nerve but one that I hoped would keep us alive. Xanthias, Lainie and I would live, but the others were in immense danger. Biting down on her lip, Lainie turned to face me. The first of her tears fell from her cheeks, glistening in the light of the moon. A moment passed as it fell to the ocean below, rippling through the currents. As the final giant of a wave loomed over us, Lainie’s other tears moulded with the water and she shut her eyes, using her power to calm the waters.
Though she was unable to stop the wave from crashing over us, she was able to ease its fury. By the time it reached the screaming bodies, Lainie was in control and softened the blow, the effect leaving the water washing over us like the softest of feathers. The power she wielded continued on, until she had control of all the waves within the immediate vicinity of us. The people from the boat looked around, their mouths open in awe as they watched calmness surround them. I was just as amazed, but a moment later Xanthias grabbed hold of my wrist and squeezed.
‘We have to get Starden back to shore,’ he told me, the urgency clear in his voice. I turned to Lainie, wondering if I was going to regret what I was about to ask her to do. With my hands on her shoulders, I looked her in the eyes once more. This time, I smiled.
‘Lainie, you did well,’ I told her, squeezing her shoulders. I looked over my shoulder at Xanthias and he nodded me on encouragingly. ‘Lainie, I have to go with Xanthias to get help. Keep everyone in a group and maintain the waters. Keep enough distance that they cannot see your fins or their light, and stay calm. We’ll be back soon.’ She stared at me with her mouth wide open, but she shut it a moment later and nodded. She kept a brave face, her jaw set in determination. I nodded once in understanding and released her, turning my back so I could follow Xanthias below the surface.
Despite having to carry Starden above the surface, Xanthias moved with speed and precision. I had to work to keep up with him, occasionally surfacing so I could see where he was. When I caught up, I breathed deeply and the ache in my fins deepened until it was almost unbearable. Still, the longer I saw Xanthias’ fins flitting through the roughness of the waves, the more I pushed myself to swim faster. Soon, the docks came into view and Xanthias slowed significantly, his legs returning where his fins had been and he coughed on the salt water. He struggled to reach the docks, shoving Starden’s body sluggishly onto the edge. His arms shook as he tried to pull himself up, his strength lower than it had been when he was finned. I watched him curiously and shook myself from my stupor when he reached down to lift me out of the water.
He sat me down beside Starden as my fins gradually returned to my usual legs and I stood quickly, pulling down my dress. I kept my eyes averted from his body, his trousers hanging in tatters where his fins had formed. He quickly gathered Starden’s body, his breathing ragged and shallow and I followed him up to Macy’s. Surprisingly, the lights were still on and he simply strode inside, meeting her at the door. She moved some stools out of the way, unsurprised to find him in such a state. I stood awkwardly in the doorway, my hands working to keep my arms warm as goosebumps rose.
Macy grabbed a blanket from behind the bar and snatched a cushion from one of the seats, leaving it under Starden’s feet to ensure his blood circulation. She turned him on the side, leaving him in the recovery position. Xanthias checked his pulse and nodded to Macy, who stood by the side of the bar with the phone at her ear. She threw Xanthias a spare pair of boxers and trousers, both Macy and I turning away as he stripped from the tatters around his hips and into the new clothes. He cleared his throat and we turned around, the new trousers a perfect fit. Macy gave the ambulance our address and told them of the accident, relaying the details as Xanthias told them.
When she hung up, she placed the phone back in its cradle and knelt beside Starden, her hand resting on his arm as she watched over him. She looked up at me and offered me a little smile. ‘Iris,’ she addressed me with a nod. She turned to Xanthias. ‘You should wait here and get checked out by the paramedics. Don’t go trying to be a hero.’ She looked at me again. ‘You either, lass.’
I bit my lip and looked at Xanthias. He nodded slightly toward the door, letting me know that we were, indeed, going back out.
‘Who ever said anything about trying to be a hero?’ he asked. He paused at the door and looked at Macy, offering her a wink. ‘I am a hero.’ I stared at him, noting how confident he was now in comparison to when we were about to kiss. He’d completely changed, two separate Xanthias personalities in a single body. I quickly followed after him, biting my lip as he stripped back down to his boxers and dove into the water. When he surfaced, he returned his untouched boxers to the trousers and Macy quickly grabbed them. She hurried up into the boat, yelling after him.
When she returned to the door, her hands free of the clothes, she shouted, ‘One day, Xanthias Adair, I won’t be around to air out your dirty laundry!’ He laughed suddenly, splashing the side of the boat with his fins and I dived in after him. He waited until I surfaced before we took off towards the survivors, the sounds of ambulance sirens following after us. We dove deep under the surface, Xanthias’ body close to mine as we swam. He looked over at me, his expression serious.
‘We have to make sure that we stay out of the view of any approaching boats that come to rescue them,’ he informed me. I nodded. ‘We also have to make sure that no one in the water notices anything about us.’
Obviously, I thought. I turned my gaze on him, taking in the way his muscles flexed through the water. His hair was darker and streamed with deep red and dark brown strands of hair. The water swirled around us, rocking us violently about even in the deep waters. My head swirled just as violently, my ears ringing from what I could only describe as a concussion. Xanthias powered forward, his body strong and capable, but I hadn’t been finned for long, lagging behind. My body wasn’t used to this much exertion, even during swim meets when Coach Marston made us swim laps.
Xanthias slowed, noticing my lagging body. He seemed to be higher up in the water, looking down at me. As he came closer, my fins touched the sea floor and I realised just how exhausted I was. My sight became blurry, leaving my body disoriented. Xanthias swam under me, gathering me in his arms as the currents rushed at us from all angles. The thunder above caused the water to tremble, and I eventually no longer had the energy to move my fins at all. My head lolled against Xanthias’ shoulder where it remained until we surfaced. Lightning pierced the sky, and we were still nowhere near my sister’s protective ring of calm currents.
From where I rested against Xanthias’ shoulder, I could see their heads bopping through the waves and a rescue boat approached them. I could see Lainie, her wide eyes focused on the spotlight that searched through them. She was at the outer edge, her fins flicking water into the air as she dove under the surface and out of view. Her power, however, remained as each of Xanthias’ guests swam for the boat. Chrysabelle was the first to be lifted out of the water, and from where she stood, I could see the glare she gave me and feel its heat burn into me. Xanthias held me tight as my vision began to fail, my breathing turning shallow as I fell unconscious.

Chapter Seventeen
‘The desire for safety stands against every great and noble enterprise.’
Tacitus

The sting of bright lights and hospital-grade anti-bacterial wash burned my eyes and nose when I woke. I blinked against the light, groaning as my head ached. When I reached up and touched my head, it ached sharply and I had no doubt that I’d received some kind of concussion. Blinking, my eyes didn’t stop their aching, but I was able to remember the previous night with blinding clarity. The boat, the storm, the wave …
Lainie!
I was about to shoot out of bed and go look for her, hoisting myself upright but strong hands grasped at my shoulders and pushed me gently back against the pillows. When my eyes focused, I saw that a doctor was standing over me with a sympathetic smile. He had a stethoscope slung around his neck, and when he released my shoulders, his thin lips pulled into a small smile. The change of his expression seemed weird on him, his eyes too serious. I knew that whatever had caused that wave last night, it had serious consequences.
‘Where’s Lainie?’ I demanded, my voice surprising me with how small and weak it was. I winced but he didn’t seem to notice. If he did, he didn’t acknowledge it.
‘Your sister was checked out a couple of hours ago,’ he told me, his hand resting on the cot side as he ruffled his hair lazily. The nurse seemed concerned as she observed the bags under his eyes before she returned to checking whatever details were at the foot of my bed. I looked back at the doctor as he continued. ‘I saw to her progress myself. She hardly seems effected at all, and judging by your progress, neither do you. However, you do appear to have suffered a mild concussion, so I would like to keep you here until Chris and Nevada return to collect you. Just to be safe.’
He smiled once again, seeming a little brighter now that I was satisfied and he nodded his farewell before exiting the room. The nurse followed close after, her footfalls fast and steady as she rushed after him. Alone once more, I settled back against the pillows and wished I had some pain medication. It was truly annoying being allergic to local anesthetic. I sighed, resting my hand on the small lever to my left. Small buttons lined the creamy white plastic, some with little pictures. I observed one that had a stick figure lying against a cot like mine, a small arrow under his head indicating an upward motion. The moment I clicked it, the cot moaned and eased upward quietly. At least I wouldn’t have to fool around with the pillows if I wanted to read. Not that there was anything to read, but the thought was nice.
Eventually, boredom got to me like a worm in an apple and I stopped playing with the lever. I was beginning to feel sick from the repetitive motion of moving the bed upright and back down, the television broadcasting only a few channels that were full of soap operas and age-old television advertisements. When I settled with listening to ‘Days of Our Lives’ on the lowest setting, I cast my gaze toward the ceiling and counted how many dots I could see where age was ruining the too-white paint. Light streamed through the open window, dull because of the overcast clouds that blocked out the sunlight.
‘Knock knock.’
I jumped. Xanthias was paused at the door, his hand raised as he tapped the white surface. The other was shoved in his jeans pocket, and he wore a wicked smile that lit his mysterious eyes. It only made him appear more mysterious, more dangerous. He moved inside and shut the door behind him, unaffected by our proximity as he perched on the edge of the cot. Little threads of my blanket danced between his fingers, his lashes skimming his cheeks. When he didn’t seem like he was going to speak, I cleared my throat pointedly. I had questions and he knew it. He also had at least some of my answers, otherwise he wouldn’t be sitting in front of me.
When he eventually looked up at me, his jaw was set, a nerve ticking slightly as he seemed to process through his thoughts. I shrugged my shoulders, avoiding moving my arms too much in case the needle in my arm yanked the wrong way. He blinked and sighed, fiddling with my fingers this time. I snatched them away, ignoring my feelings of disappointment and longing and shoved my arms across my chest. With my best don’t-give-me-any-crap expression, I drew my gaze level with his.
‘Hello?’ I offered. He bit his lip and looked at me.
‘Hi,’ he mumbled, looking down again. Frustrated, I sighed and snatched his jaw in my hand, forcing him to look me in the eye.
‘Don’t just sit around as though there’s nothing to talk about,’ I told him, my tone harsh. I winced, softening my voice. ‘I need to know. Did anyone …’
He raised his eyebrows. ‘Die?’ I bit my lip and nodded. He shook his head. ‘No. No one died. But Starden is in pretty bad shape right now. He’s still unconscious, and Lainie has been staying with him.’ He cocked his head to the side, looking as cute and innocent as a confused puppy. I sighed in annoyance, gritting my teeth as I turned my gaze toward the ceiling. Xanthias tried regaining my attention but my annoyance simply rose. Aside from an unconscious Starden, was I the only person not allowed to be released from hospital? Even Lainie was released, and she’d been in the water for far longer than I had.
My irritation eased when a slight pressure around my fingers startled me, my gaze flickering to find Xanthias’ grip warm around mine. His eyes were wide, his hair falling in his face but it didn’t seem to bother him. His jaw ticked, his mind working before my eyes. I could almost see his train of thought passing through his features.
‘I was worried about you,’ he admitted in a whisper, his teeth gnawing at his bottom lip. His gaze lowered to where he played with my fingers. ‘When you passed out, I didn’t know if you would be okay or not. I got scared, especially when you didn’t respond. Not even to a yell or a slap across the face. I didn’t know whether you would live or not.’ His gaze flickered up, his free hand reaching to cup my face. With slow circles, his thumb traced my cheek with such delicate softness, I imagined him thinking of me as a porcelain doll.
‘You don’t have to worry now,’ I replied, taking my hand from his grasp, even when my body screamed at me not to. ‘I’m fine. See?’ I smiled by way of answer, noting his relief. My heart fluttered like a butterfly’s wings in my chest but I pushed the feeling aside as his expression turned grave. He reached for my bedside table, taking a newspaper that he quickly flicked through. When he finally found the page he was searching for, he placed it before me and watched carefully as my reaction of shock registered across my face.
The photograph was taken in the early morning hours, mist dancing eerily over the choppy white peaks of the ocean. It was taken from a boat, the edge visible in chipped blue and red paint positioned at the bottom of the photo. Three men were bent over the side, hauling what appeared to be a long plank of ravaged wood. There were duplicates of similar planks floating throughout the water, and I only then realised that they were the remains of the boat we’d been on. The caption read, ‘Freak wave leaves freaky destruction.’ Similar photos of a smaller size were littered throughout the two-page spread, some with captions detailing what the students on the boat remembered encountering.
‘This wasn’t some kind of “freak wave,”’ Xanthias murmured, his voice low to avoid being overheard. ‘Cronus is regaining power in Tartarus. Grandmother Pearl foretold it. Hades is in recovery as we speak. The freak storm that almost called off the party? That was the night Cronus overthrew Hades. Zeus and Poseidon were working hard that night to prevent the portal of Tartarus from opening, so much so that they were unable to help Hades when Cronus called on the three descendants of Medea, . Although we don’t know their names, we do know that Cronus has a tight hold on them and that their ancient power is almost limitless.’
I frowned. ‘If Cronus is now free, why hasn’t he shown up? And how did he get through the portal if Zeus and Poseidon were preventing it from opening?’ Xanthias met my gaze, his eyes betraying the fear he felt. He held my hand tightly, and this time, I didn’t let go.
‘There are alternatives to the portal, but none of them are recorded in history,’ he told me. ‘I discovered through Poseidon that if there is a strong enough bond - either through an emotional connection or through blood - those trapped in Tartarus may be able to overpower the portal, therefore attuning themselves to the life essence of those they are bonded to and traveling through the portal without difficulty. However, had Medea’s descendants overrun Zeus and Poseidon, they and Hades would have been weakened. They won’t be as powerful, therefore Cronus has no need to gain revenge in a rush.’
He bit his lip, looking over his shoulder at a passing nurse. With the tip of his shoe, he quietly nudged the door shut and turned back to face me. ‘Poseidon was the cause of the wave that hit the boat last night,’ Xanthias told me in a whisper. ‘He tried to throw Cronus off the course of realising that you’re of importance by destroying the boat. However, it kind of backfired. Cronus made an appearance on a ship near the rescue boats with Medea’s descendants. I saw him.’
I fiddled with my fingers, overwhelmed by the information. It made sense, and yet, I had imagined Cronus to overthrow Poseidon, Zeus and Hades at the first chance he got. What was preventing him? I kneaded my temples with my fingertips, fighting off a migraine that pulsed through my head. Xanthias leaned toward me, his breath warm against my face. I caught the telltale scent of the ocean mixed with the scent of fresh rain, breathing in deep.
‘I contacted my mother and the others while you were unconscious,’ he murmured. ‘When you are taken home from the hospital, pack your bags and tell Chris and Nevada that you’re off for a summer break sleepover or something. Be convincing. We need to give Poseidon, Zeus and Hades time to recover, and for them to do so, we need to ensure that both of you are safe. Be ready by the beginning of the sunset. I will be waiting outside in my mother’s car.’
I opened my mouth to speak but he simply rose from his seat and planted a quick kiss on the crown of my head. As though having foretold it, he turned to the door and opened it with a bow for Chris and Nevada, their expressions mirrored in pleasant surprise. Chris was the first to recover, offering Xanthias a little smile of politeness as he took the weight of the door and held it open. Xanthias beamed, so much happier than he’d been informing me of Cronus’ escape.
‘Mr and Mrs Glass,’ he announced. ‘Have a lovely day.’
Nevada grinned, Chris’ expression reflecting hers. ‘Thank you,’ she replied, her gaze flickering to me. She offered me a wink, earning beetroot-red blush that spread from my cheeks. I felt awkward as Chris’ eyes bore into me from across the room, demanding silent answers. Xanthias excused himself quickly, leaving me to deal with the awkwardness that settled in his absence. Thankfully, though, Nevada didn’t waste time in rushing across the room and cooing over me, running her hands over my hair. She took one of my hands and squeezed so tightly that I thought my bones would snap. Chris seemed to realise and patted her hands, murmuring something along the lines of ‘release the vice.’
She mumbled an apology and stepped back, tears of relief in her eyes. It was then that I truly realise how worried they had been, and I couldn’t bring myself to continue being angry at them for hiding my adoption from Lainie and me. They had only been trying to keep us safe, much like Xanthias, Poseidon and Amphitrite were now. I looked at them both, Chris’ arm around Nevada’s shoulder and I realised for the first time since my birthday that these were my real parents. It didn’t matter that they weren’t of blood relation. All that mattered was that they loved me, and I loved them, too.
With tears in the corners of my eyes, I opened my arms wide to them and watched as Nevada’s walls broke down. The tears fell quickly, trailing down her cheeks faster than I thought was humanly possible. Even Chris - the strong, manly father of mine - eased beside his wife and hugged us. With my face buried in Nevada’s shoulder, I clung to them and breathed in their scents - spicy cologne mixed with floral perfume. This was family.
We remained like that for a while, the rain battering against the window as we cried in silence. It was only what was probably five minutes later that we were interrupted, a light tapping sounding at the door. Chris straightened and wiped away his tears quickly, only to stop immediately when he noticed it was simply Lainie. She herself had tears in her eyes, her hands wringing together in worry. I knew that she didn’t want anything to happen to Starden, regardless of how much she was using him to get to Ryker. Right then I couldn’t care less, beckoning for my sister to join us. When she crossed the room, Chris shut the door behind her and the tears fell anew.
It was well after lunch time and late into the afternoon when we finally decided it was time for us to leave. As Chris left to clean himself up and sign me out, Nevada sat on my bed and explained to Lainie and me about all those years ago, shortly after her wedding with Chris, when they’d found Lainie and me on their doorstep. She explained how she was infertile and it was ruining their marriage - how Lainie and I had been the best things to ever happen to them. When she mentioned the seaweed baskets we’d been left in, Lainie and I exchanged a glance. We both understood how we’d come to be on their doorstep, but that was the first we’d heard of seaweed baskets.
Nonetheless, we laughed along as she told us about how much of a softy Chris became because of us. She told us about how he’d disliked the seaweed baskets, but still took photos of us in them. Nevada smiled fondly as she recounted that night.
‘He was so freaked out when he heard the knock on the door, he forgot his police training and simply threw on some trousers and a baseball bat,’ she told us between giggles. ‘Though he hated those baskets and threw them out when they started to smell, he seemed impressed - though he would never admit that. When he took the photos he claimed he was documenting it for the police report he was making to try and track down your real parents. But we both knew that he was keeping them for one day when we would tell you how you came to live with us. We knew you’d be our children, even though we weren’t of blood relation. It was just meant to be.’
We smiled, as carefree as we had shared when we were younger. A moment later, we all jumped at the sound of the door creaking open and Chris poked his head in sheepishly. He had overheard us, that much was obvious, and he gestured to my bag of personal items that sat beside Nevada.
‘You might want to get dressed quickly,’ he offered. ‘There’s a break in the rain but I doubt it’ll last for long. It’d be best not to linger and get soaked. I don’t want two sick daughters after last night’s episode.’ Though his tone revealed how worried he had truly been, his smile offered only love and care for Lainie and me. Nevada stood and walked over to him, ducking under his arm and snuggling into his side. He kissed the crown of her head, bringing warmth to my cheeks as I remembered the tender gesture Xanthias had given me before they had arrived. With a bundle of fresh clothes in my hands, I excused myself and locked myself in the bathroom, a floor-to-ceiling mirror propped against the wall before me.
That was when I was blinded by light, pulsing from the amulet around my neck. My hands flew to the necklace, prying it from my skin as it burned my skin with a warning. With my mouth wide open, I stared at the light as it diminished, leaving behind a horrible red welt that left bubbles of burned skin in its wake.

Chapter Eighteen
‘When someone loves you, the way they say your name is different. You know that your name is safe in their mouth.’
Jess C. Scott, ‘The Intern’

When I finally managed to convince Lainie to pack her things, and informed Chris and Nevada that we were going for a sleepover, Xanthias shot Lainie a text message stating that he was waiting outside. Thankfully, a combination of extremely heavy rain and deeply tinted windows of Xanthias’ blue sedan meant that Chris and Nevada couldn’t see that it wasn’t Isabella’s mother behind the wheel. I felt guilty for pretending that we were going to be with her for the next couple of days, but I couldn’t help it. It was the only way that Lainie and I would be able to leave without excess questions and suspicion.
‘Have a great start to summer break,’ Nevada told us with a kiss on our cheeks. Chris squeezed our shoulders comfortingly, and it became obvious that neither of them wanted us to leave, least of all tonight. The thunder grumbled in tune with Lainie’s mood and I rolled my eyes, feigning indifference. I knew that Lainie wasn’t exactly happy with this turn of events, but I simply blamed her bad mood on the rain. It wasn’t out of character for her to be grumpy on rainy days, especially when it fooled around with her hair and make-up. A horn blared from behind us, drawing me back to reality as Chris cast a furtive glance toward the blackened windows of the car.
‘I know I certainly will,’ I replied, taking Nevada into a surprise hug. I offered Chris a short one-armed embrace and draped my bag over my shoulder. Lainie remained on the porch for a little while longer, hugging them both as I carried our things down to Xanthias’ car and shoved them in on the back seat. I quickly clambered into the front passenger seat and shut the door, blocking Chris’ view of Xanthias as he peered over Lainie’s shoulder in mid-hug. I was surprised by the heat in the car, bursting from the vents like a bat out of hell. I stripped off my scarf and pulled up my sweater sleeves, trying to cool myself as Xanthias chuckled.
‘You know, you can turn down the heat if you’d like,’ he pointed out, turning the little heat dial until it was half-way pleasant again. With a roll of my eyes, I playfully nudged his shoulder and looked up in time to see Lainie puttering down the path to the car. She shuffled into the back seat and slammed the door, shivering despite the sauna of a vehicle. Nonetheless, she didn’t appear to be completely immune to it, wiping at her mascara and eyeliner as it began to run with the tips of her dainty fingers. She sniped about something to do with her hatred of rainy days, simply earning a chuckle from Xanthias as he pulled away from the curb. I turned to wave, only to find that Chris and Nevada had already returned indoors.
‘Why do we have to do this?’ Lainie pined the entire way to Xanthias’ house. It was when we finally pulled into the long drive that led to his homestead that she finally fell silent, replaced only by the slight purr of the engine and the rocks below the wheels. Upon hearing our arrival, the Davies and Xanthias’ mother filed out onto the front porch, the pretty white wood barrier wrapping right around the house. It strutted two levels, the lower of which appeared to be the eldest, with white walls and classic wide windows. The upper level sported a similar exterior, only the windows were larger and darkened, leading as doorways onto the top porch. A small look-out of an attic stood above it, as though it were the top of a lighthouse.
Xanthias glanced over his shoulder as he drove us toward a U-shaped turn that led directly to the front steps, typical of the old times when horses and carts were used. A fish pond featuring a stone statue of a woman with closed eyes and varying symbols corresponding to the elements adorning the ancient slip of stone she wore. I wasn’t nearly as impressed as I should probably have been, if one was to judge by the dirty glare she offered me as I climbed out of the passenger’s seat. To make me feel better, I noticed that she offered my sister the same glare. Then again, as twins, she probably thought of us with equal hatred. She probably didn’t even bother thinking of us as separate people.
Xanthias cleared his throat, bringing me back to the present as he led us up the steps. Pearl, Lisbeth and the three Davies girls strode inside, leading us through a wide hallway to the main dining area. White and silver adorned every surface, contrasting severely with the black stone floor. Family photographs lined the walls, but I noticed the surprising lack of fatherly figures. In every image throughout Xanthias’ life, it appeared that he was the only male in the family. Weird, I thought.
With our shoes left discarded by the door and our coats hung on a wrought iron coat hanger, Xanthias gestured to two seats near the furthermost end of the table. Chrysabelle sat at the head, her fingers pressing against each other. I could tell by the way her jaw clenched that it wasn’t her idea to bring Lainie and me into her home. Ignoring her, Xanthias sat beside me to her left and Lainie to her right.
There was nothing pleasant about this visit. We all knew my sister and I were seeking refuge, running from a terrible danger that we had never willingly known or sought out. Part of me couldn’t help but complain on its unfairness, how my sister and I were uprooting our lives for reasons beyond our control, but it was certainly better than death. As Lainie and I met gazes across the table, Chrysabelle splayed her fingers over the table top and propped her shoulders back, as though she had a tree stump for a spine. I bit my lip against the bubbling laughter, imagining her with a bird nest for hair and branches and leaves for arms and fingers. One glance at her, though, silenced any thoughts of humour I had had a moment ago.
With confidence, Chrysabelle addressed us both unwillingly. ‘As you may already know, Cronus has escaped from Tartarus and has weakened Hades,’ she stated, her voice perfectly prim and proper. ‘You have both been brought to my household under the strict conditions that you must do as I say in return for your continued refuge and safety.’ She continued on, listing rules and regulations. It was worse than prison for Lainie, whose eyes welled up with tears at the mention of temporarily banning all forms of communication outside of ‘family.’ The younger Davies girls swarmed on her, trying to calm her with reassurances of finding something worthwhile to do instead, but she wouldn’t have it. Swiping at her running mascara, she clambered out of her chair and ran for the staircase, disregarding the fact that she didn’t know where our rooms were.
Chrysabelle watched, thin-lipped and clearly unimpressed. I repressed a shudder when she turned that hardened stare on me. ‘Do you have any problems with our boarding and refugee arrangements?’ It was a challenge, and a clear one at that. I didn’t get a chance to reply, though, because Xanthias stood tossing some money onto the table surface. He looked at me, then back at his mother before speaking.
‘Order some pizza. My shout. If anyone would like to join me, I’ll be in the theatre room, watching movies to pass time.’ He walked away then, leaving only the breeze in his wake as it gently tossed the paper along the table. Pearl snatched it up in a gesture that seemed too careless for her age and stood without a word, moving to do Xanthias’ bidding. She grabbed the phone along her way, leaving us once again in awkward silence. Chrysabelle sighed, her shoulders tense with stress. When it became apparent that no one was going to move, Chelsea began to fidget. Dancing on her toes, she finally burst forward, almost knocking into the chair in front of her.
‘I’ll go check on Lainie,’ she offered, fleeing the scene as fast as her short legs would allow. She took the staircase two at a time, and I pretended that it didn’t hurt me to see her so eager to leave. Just as quickly, more excuses were being flown in Chrysabelle’s direction and I decided to create my own, stating I was leaving to find where Lainie had got to. I climbed the stairs slowly, holding the banister with a shaky hand as I tried not to ponder the severity of our situation. How did people like us even end up in situations like this?
At the top of the stairs, my feet met warm wool floors, the softness causing my feet to be buried. For a moment I simply stood there, my gaze transfixed on the luxurious material before someone coughed. Started, I looked up to find Xanthias inside the doorway to my right. His arms were folded over his chest and he had one eyebrow raised in a quizzical gesture. His smile of amusement was barely covered over, as though he was trying not to laugh. When I offered him a small smile of guilt he stepped aside and gestured to the space behind him.
‘Would you care to join me?’ he asked me. With my mouth open in surprise, I looked over my shoulder and down the stairs. Conversation was muted as it traveled up to us but I was still able to make out the mumble that was Chrysabelle’s voice overpowering everyone and everything. Thunder rumbled and light rain fell, drizzling down the window I could see from the door. Biting my lip, I nodded and made my way inside. He shut the door behind me, settling down in a bright red bean bag near the entrance. I couldn’t hold back my surprise as I took in the luxury of the room.
The flooring from the hall continued inside the room, and I was almost sure that the floorboards underneath were heated. There were two other bean bags, massive in size and generously comfortable as I sat on a violet one. The walls were white, icily so and the window was much the same as the ones I’d seen on the opposite side of the house. Against the wall before us was a large cinema screen that took up nearly the entire space, with only enough space around the edges for an in-wall shelving system that housed movies galore. There were games behind us, another shelving system dedicated to gaming systems of any kind. Table tennis, pool and a poker table were other features.
‘Would you like to watch the movie or gawk at the room?’ Xanthias asked quietly, amusement in his tone. I blushed, as though I’d been caught with my hand in the cookie jar. I shook my head and twiddled my thumbs in nervousness.
‘The movie would be good,’ I murmured, peeking up at the screen as some old movie I didn’t recognise began to play. It was a Western, and as I looked at Xanthias from the corner of my eye, it became apparent that this was where his tastes were. He leaned forward, stretching his faintly muscular arms as we watched the opening scenes. A child was ill on-screen, sweaty from a terrible fever. His father left for the city from their farm, looking for medicine. I found myself oddly interested, although my interest began to wane in an hour’s time, the sky darkening with a strong storm and the incoming fall of night. Wind lashed against the windows, causing the house to shift with the change in temperature and pressure.
I looked across to Xanthias, aware of his finger on the volume button as he lowered the sound coming from the television. He turned to face me, his features flickering with something that vanished in an instant, too fast for me to decipher its meaning. Instead, he looks openly curious.
‘What are you thinking?’ he asked me, eyes bright. I bit my lip, many thoughts and questions surging through my mind until I settled on one.
‘How do you have fins?’ I blurted, clasping my hands over my mouth as I shocked myself at my bluntness. He laughed, rubbing his hand on the back of his neck.
‘You noticed the family photos, huh?’ I nodded, feeling guilty. His smile faded slightly as he fastened his gaze on a hole in his trousers. He picked at the fraying edges, looking nervous.
‘You don’t have to tell me anything,’ I rushed to explain. He held up a hand to stop me and offered a small smile.
‘It’s fine,’ he told me. ‘I wanted to tell you. Chrysabelle didn’t. I think she finds it embarrassing.’ He looked away and sighed, staring at the rain droplets as the ran like tears down the window. ‘I didn’t know how to bring it up, that’s all.’
I sat forward, meeting his gaze. ‘You don’t have to,’ I affirmed. He shook his head, waving a hand lazily.
‘I was born like it,’ he continued as though I hadn’t spoken. ‘The truth is, you and I aren’t all that different. That freak wave was as much for me as it was to protect you and Lainie. While you and Lainie were born completely human, I was born as a strange kind of hybrid. I’m Poseidon’s son. Chrysabelle and Poseidon had a ‘one night stand’ and I was what came of it. Only Amphitrite, Poseidon and my mother have known about it. Amphitrite stopped Chrysabelle from undertaking an abortion. She made her take care of me, and didn’t even turn her into a siren as punishment, simply because she thought the responsibility of looking after me required being human.’
He looked at me and grinned, eyes glistening with unshed tears. I felt horrible for him. I couldn’t even imagine how he’d felt growing up. At the very least Lainie and I had been raised human, not as hybrids. Sure enough, we were similar to him, now that we had embraced our transformation from legs to fins, but we hadn’t experienced the lack of belonging during childhood simply because of not being the same species. I glanced over at Xanthias, curiosity burning in my body.
‘Is that why you’re able to maintain your legs when you touch sea water?’ I asked, hope tickling my mind. If it wasn’t a hereditary skill, maybe I would be able to achieve my goal of living a life of a professional surfer. My eyes were wide, focused on him.
‘Yes and no,’ he allowed with a shrug of his shoulders. ‘It’s easy for me because of my lineage, but Macy isn’t of Poseidon’s blood and can do it with concentration.’ The small flame of hope flared into a roaring fire. I sat up, shrieking happily and I threw my arms around his neck. He was warm and wonderful to hold, burying my face into the crook of his neck. He was tense at first, but as I settled into the line of his body he relaxed and returned my embrace. When I went to pull away he kept a hold of my waist, my forearms resting against his shoulders as he stared at me.
I couldn’t breathe. I couldn’t move. I couldn’t do anything except for stand there, breathing in his scent and feeling the warmth of his hands through the material of my shirt. His breath was warm and minty as he exhaled, blowing back several strands of my hair with the gentlest of pressure. With his face inches from my own, I watched as he bit his lip. He moved toward me, his hands gently guiding me closer until our lips were almost touching. Our heads tilted to the side, eyes closing slowly …
‘IRIS! PHONE!’
I jumped back, startled. My cheeks reddened and I found myself unable to look at Xanthias directly. He cursed quietly, throwing open the door as Chelsea stumbled through the opening and thrust a cordless phone into my hands.
‘It’s your father,’ she half-mimed, half-stage whispered. I nodded, turning toward the window as I placed the receiver to my ear. The sound of breathing instantly met my ear, and I frowned.
‘Hello?’I said, my stomach twisting with unease. I turned to face Xanthias, finding him staring at me as he quietly shut the door behind Chelsea. The phone crackled for a moment before a voice filled the receiver. Ice ran through my veins as I listened. It wasn’t my father. I knew exactly who it was. The voice was unfamiliar, but it didn’t matter. It was the kind of unmistakable voice that I would know anywhere.
‘Iris, honey. It’s time to come home to mother and father,’ Cronus taunted.

Chapter Nineteen
‘We can retreat and retreat and let ourselves get backed into corners forever. Or we can go out and meet the enemy at the time and place we choose. Not them.’
Richelle Mead, ‘Blood Promise’

I almost screamed when his hand slammed into the door frame.
Xanthias fixed me with a horrid glare, lips pulled back to show sharp teeth. His hair rippled forward, tilting over his face and creating a mysterious glint to his eyes. I knew that he didn’t want me to go, but I had to. I couldn’t simply just leave what family I had to die at the hands of a God, risen from Tartarus. After all, the fight was between Poseidon, his brothers and Cronus. Really, my sister, family and I had no part in their quarrels, but were really collateral damage. Bait. Cronus knew that by capturing and harming Chris and Nevada, Lainie and I would come running with Poseidon and his brothers close behind.
I resisted his attempt of overpowering me, though, my feet firmly planted in place as I stood my ground. He tried to overpower me, looming over me but he appeared surprised when I failed to be effected. With a sigh, his arm dropped lower and he took my hands in his. He was warm, safe. There was nothing that could touch me as long as I remained here, hiding away. The expression he wore promised that I would be protected, that nothing would ever harm me ever again.
But it didn’t extend to Chris and Nevada.
I took my hands from his, shaking my head. I couldn’t do it. Much as the act of remaining safe seemed so appealing, I simply leave my family. Angry, he turned away and bowed his head. His hands were clenched into balls of fury and I almost - almost - stayed. Then, without another word, I stepped past him and across the threshold into the hall. He didn’t chase after me, like I had anticipated, and instead left me to walk up the hall to where Lainie was crashing through her bedroom door. Her eyes were wide, phone in hand as she thrust the screen into my face. It was a text message from Nevada’s phone.
Lainie, darling. Come home.
- C.
She was in hysterics, and I slapped her to calm her down. It was her coping mechanism, her hand flitting to her cheek quickly when the realisation finally became clear that I had hit her. She swallowed, pulling together her thoughts. Chelsea appeared at the next doorway, peering out.
‘I thought I heard voices,’ she said, hand poised as she held an ear bud in her hand. She looked between us, at the distress that was undoubtedly plastered across our faces. ‘What’s wrong guys?’ Lainie and I met gazes and took the stairs two at a time, leaving Chelsea running after us.
‘STAY!’ Lainie barked over her shoulder, watching as her power intermingled with Chelsea’s body and tripped the wires in her brain. Instantly Chelsea became cemented into place, arms flailing as she worked to stop herself from tumbling forward. Lainie and I didn’t stop though. Chelsea’s voice rang out through the house, starting a chorus of footfalls from all directions as they tried to stop us. Chrysabelle was adjacent to the doorway, barreling through the hall. My stomach coiled with unease as Lainie attempted another barked order, yelling for her to stay away from the door. She didn’t. Her jaw ticked with the effort, but she was able to will herself through the magic and the sudden cement in her legs.
With Lainie’s orders at full power, I added my own time manipulation with a wave of a hand. Instantly, time stopped. It wouldn’t last long, I knew that much, but it was enough to slow Chrysabelle long enough to bolt through the doorway. As soon as we’d crossed the threshold and took the steps two at a time, my power cut itself off and shrieks of anger and despair rang throughout the building. We didn’t look back, only pushing ourselves to run faster, further, as the sound of engines gunning rippled through the thick trees we were cutting through. I gritted my teeth as I got stitches in my stomach, muscles tearing with the effort to continue.
‘There’s a waterway ahead,’ Lainie puffed, a breath between the words. I was surprised she could speak. I was the half-sporty one, and I wasn’t able to speak at all. I put it down to her ability to manipulate her own muscles with her mind, jealousy running raw through me. When we pulled through the shrubbery, I gasped as Lainie stopped suddenly and stuck her arm out. It collided with my body as a car screeched past not even twenty centimeters from where I had come to a halt. When she moved again, she grasped my arm and shoved me quickly across the road, narrowly missing a truck before we stumbled carelessly into the ocean.
We entered the churning waters with a resounding slap that left my ears ringing. Lainie still had a tight hold on me, her fins slicing through her clothes with speed and grace. She pulled me along through the water, barely leaving me any time to make my own fins work. We maintained a quick speed, knowing that Xanthias was probably either tailing us or following us to the house on the mainland. Either way, we had to get there and fast.
At random intervals, I paused time and released it once more, allowing us more time to gain an advantage. Meanwhile, the water currents had been manipulated by Lainie’s power to propel us in the direction of the docks. It didn’t take long; I blinked three times and we were there. Light streaked across the sky as Zeus worked his power, searching for the threat that was more close to home than he realised - literally.
I cursed loudly when I saw Macy’s boat lit up, like a Christmas tree as it floated on the tides. As we surfaced, I could see Macy with a phone pressed to her ear. She was gazing out toward the seas, her free hand pressed to her forehead in stress. I knew who was on the other end even without listening - Xanthias. Chrysabelle didn’t really care. Now that we’d escaped, she would consider us nothing. She wouldn’t be guilty if we turned up dead, and I preferred it that way. Less people for us to feel guilty about when we died eventually to save our family meant that our deaths wouldn’t be felt as harshly.
Ice-cold fear pulsed through me as Lainie and I checked that the coast was clear before we shoved forward through the water and grabbed some towels that were hanging over the side of a boat a little way farther up from Macy’s. We dropped them onto the docks, keeping them from getting soaked and we clambered onto the decking. Almost instantly, our fins retracted, leaving pale, bare legs in their place. Lainie shrieked, wrapping her towel self-consciously around her and I followed suit. She and I stood in unison, eyes cast in the general direction of home. Lights were on, illuminating nothing that could suggest anything was wrong.
‘Come on,’ I demanded, stepping toward the main pathway. Lainie grabbed my arm once more, pulling me to a halt. My arm throbbed from the bruise that must have been forming under the skin, already turning purple and bluish shades. She looked serious, her gaze no longer reflecting a selfish girl, but a strong warrior. She swallowed, looking into my eyes as my amulet pulsed with a warning.
‘I am proud to call you my sister,’ she whispered, her tone grave. ‘No matter what happens, I’ll always love you.’ I bowed my head in response, offering her a small and teary smile. Then it faded and we both nodded in unison; it was time. No more waiting otherwise we would pull out of it altogether. If we were going to save Chris and Nevada, it had to be now. Xanthias couldn’t be far away.
We took off at a quick sprint, muscles working without pain. If we survived tonight - not very likely, but still a possibility - we would be aching terribly. I kept my shoulders back as we ran across the street, thundering up the front steps. The door opened of its own accord, swallowing us both whole. Inside, nothing had changed. It was the same homey place we’d grown up with, the same family photos lining the walls. The same furniture in the same places, untouched and gathering dust. I couldn’t believe that everything was the same, never touched at all. It only made this nightmare all the more terrifying.
Lainie’s bravery began to fade as we descended further into the house, turning into the living area and the adjoining kitchen-dining. Soft breaths could be heard along with the sound of a male’s voice groaning in pain. Lainie followed behind me, as though my physical form in front of her could stop the danger from touching her. As though I could protect her the way I had believed Xanthias could protect me. As we rounded the room, Chris and Nevada came into view. My breath seized in the back of my throat and tears sprung to my eyes.
Both were seated in chairs that were pressed back to back. Chris looked the most battered, his arms laden with bruises and blood trailing from his slack jaw down his shirt. Nevada’s shirt was stained with blood, too, but it was dried and she was silent. Only the slight rise and fall of her chest indicated that she was even alive still. When we got closer, it became apparent that Chris was still conscious, his breathing ragged and full of pain. Lainie tried to run past me but I froze her muscles and she became stuck into place. She slapped my arm painfully and demanded me to release her, but I refused.
‘This is a trap, remember?’ I pointed out. ‘Meaning, I would like at least a chance to remain alive by the time this is over.’ I fixed her with a sharp glare which she met with one of her own. That, too, froze on her face as she leaned forward.
‘Iris,’ she whispered, nodding in the direction of her gaze. ‘What is that?’ I followed her line of sight and found a humongous dog lying on the floor by Nevada’s feet. One glance in the opposite direction revealed an identical creature lying by Chris, teeth bared as it snarled at us. Its eyes were black, hellish and devoid of light. Blood and matted fur were left behind on the floor when it rose, circling around us. Lainie and I stood still, shaking slightly in fear but otherwise immobile.
‘Brilliant, aren’t they?’ said a voice from behind us. It boomed through the room, shaking the walls with its power. Lainie turned to catch a glimpse of him but froze when she was met with the snapping of jowls. ‘In human English terms, they are called hell hounds. Made from the very depths of Tartarus and ever faithful to their master.’ He rounded the corner and came into sight, smirk just itching to be slapped. If I wasn’t fearful for our lives, I might have just done that.
He was far from a Greek God I had ever seen. Poseidon certainly got the good end of the straw. Cronus’ teeth were pulled into what appeared to be a painful grimace, rotting and black. His hair was matted and white, eyes matching the hounds at either end of our parents. He lifted his hand, silencing the growling of his mutt and sending it tail-tucked back to its original position. Chris shifted uneasily, arm drooping as the main lengths of bone protruded from the skin of his elbow. Cronus stepped toward him, slapping him on the shoulder like they were old friends.
‘So hospitable, these pair,’ Cronus commented. ‘Poseidon’s wife certainly chose a good pairing. Too bad they never knew what was coming for them, or what a bad omen their adopted twins really were.’ He grinned sickeningly, shoving away from Chris. His strangled cry of half-conscious pain chilled me to the bone, and I had to force myself to remain in place.
‘What do you want?’ I ground out, my teeth barely separating from each other through the words. He cocked his head to the side, like a curious child or animal would. I preferred to think of him as the latter.
‘Why, to see my children, of course,’ he replied casually, spreading his arms wide. His grin never faded, even as his arms dropped. ‘They took something from me, and now you’re my bargaining chips. Unless I can score a deal with you.’
‘What deal?’ Lainie spat out, leaning forward with a vicious snarl. ‘What could you possibly have to offer us?’ Cronus grinned still, turning his gaze on my sister. I stepped closer to her protectively, earning a warning growl from the hell hounds.
‘I want to give you immortality, beauty, power.’ He winked, sickeningly so. ‘Whatever and whoever your heart desires can be delivered to you if you simply accept to help me gain vengeance.’
‘LIKE HELL!’ I replied instantly, watching as Lainie’s face began to grow pale.
‘That can be arranged,’ he said simply. ‘Although, I wish you had at least considered it. Such a waste, your talents. I could have used them so well.’ His expression told me he’d been expecting the declination and that he was going to enjoy killing us. Thunder erupted outside, lightning streaking across the sky above the house and the front door battered open. Poseidon charged inside, positioning himself behind me. The hell hounds gave him a long, low warning growl and rose from where they sat. Wind lashed through the house as the doors behind Cronus smashed open, sending glass shards flying. I sheltered my eyes with my hands, revealing Hades and Zeus in the doorway when I pulled them away.
Zeus was tall, powerful and so similar to Poseidon that I could have easily mistaken them for twins. He stood with Hades, taking the bulk of his weight as he stumbled inside. His hair whipped around his face, skin so pale I could almost imagine him as a walking corpse.
‘Father, enough!’ Poseidon demanded. ‘You’ve hurt us already. Please.’ Cronus shook his head and tsked, walking away from the chairs and to the hell hound closest to Nevada.
‘No, Poseidon,’ Cronus said quietly, my amulet pulsing to the point of burning into my skin. ‘Enough is never enough.’
With a wink, Cronus whistled loudly and stepped back as the hell hounds pounced forward, their muscles pulsing with strength and determination. They didn’t go towards Chris and Nevada, though, instead focusing on my sister and me. I screamed in unison with her as we stumbled back, leaving Poseidon to charge forward with his brothers. Hades went for the hounds, Poseidon and Zeus focusing on their father as they tried to end him. They didn’t get to him on time though, his ancient-looking battle armour trailing a bright red cape in his wake.
Sweat running, pulse fast, I scrambled backwards trying to use my power to stop the hounds. It didn’t. They were too strong, too powerful and loyal. They didn’t notice that Cronus had fled, leaving them to die at the hands of the three brothers. One tried to leap towards Lainie, stopped only by her quick thinking to leap over the lounge and land on the floor on the other side. She turned and ran, screaming as she left me to fend off the two hounds. Both focused their sights on me, my sister forgotten now that she was out of the scene.
‘Be gone, stupid mutt,’ Hades demanded as he snatched Poseidon’s triton and stabbed it into one of the hound’s sides. It howled in pain but I couldn’t focus on it when the remaining one was following me. I didn’t look behind me, a stupid move when my ankles caught on the staircase and the hound leapt at me.
‘IRIS!’
The voice echoed through the house, reverberating with a new kind of power that overwhelmed whatever effect Cronus had had. I looked up, only to find Xanthias colliding with the hound and landing on the floor. The hell hound was on top of him, tearing his shoulders with its claws and snapping at his face with death in its gaze. I tried to move forward, to stop the creature from killing him, but Lainie snatched my shoulders and shoved me up the stairs. Hades cried out as he flung the triton, listening to the metal as it soared through the air with a whistle and became lodged in the hound’s side. With a pained whimper, it collapsed and vanished into millions of musty dust particles. Everything fell silent.
The threat was gone, but Xanthias lay on the floor in a pool of blood.

Chapter Twenty
‘I believe in the uncommon, the unusual and unlikely, even the miraculous. I believe in nearly all things except impossibilities. That I can’t fathom.’
Richelle E. Goodrich, ‘Smile Anyway’

Movement was all I saw, a blur as it passed me.
I felt a million worlds away as Hades moved to Xanthias’ side, shaking his shoulders as though it would wake him. He was unconscious, the room empty of Poseidon and Zeus as they tried tracking down Cronus. Thunder boomed loudly, trembling the earth. Or maybe that was me, my body shaking like I was in an earthquake. The lights flickered, pulsing with dodgy electric currents before finally puckering out. The only form of lighting came from the lightning bolts, dancing across Xanthias’ inert form as my sister tumbled down the stairs and over to Chris and Nevada, fumbling with their ropes. When she broke a fingernail, however, she cursed under her breath and snatched a knife from the block on the kitchen bench.
With my sister uncharacteristically sawing away at the ropes and Hades hovering over Xanthias, I swayed in place on the steps. I reached out to the banister to stop myself, but my arms were like jelly. I could do nothing else except watch as Poseidon and Zeus returned, the lightning flashing more frequently as they surged over to Hades and Xanthias.
‘He’s injured,’ Zeus announced, void of emotion. ‘We managed to speed up the process of his decomposing form, but he vanished in a motor vehicle of sorts before we could reach him.’ He crouched over Xanthias, placing his hand with his brothers’ as they began to pulse with multicoloured light. While Zeus’ was yellowish, Poseidon’s radiated a calm pale blue and Hades’ mixed in with pinkish tones. My sister finally finished with the ropes and strode over, using the nearest surface as support as she watched with shaky legs. Xanthias’ breathing was shaky and shallow, small breaths that barely touched his chest.
‘I’m not strong enough,’ Hades groaned, his teeth gritted as his light began to flicker. ‘Get Amphitrite!’ He barked that order at my sister, barely removing his gaze from Xanthias’ body to direct her before returning his full, undivided attention. Surprised, Lainie nodded fiercely and bit her lip before moving outside through the back door. With her gone, the focus of the room fell completely on Xanthias and his battered body. With their healing power, the three Gods were able to build his strength to breathe, but even I could see the way how they couldn’t sustain his life force. Hades was struggling, obvious by the shaking of his arms as he fought to remain upright whilst pouring his life into Xanthias’ body.
A million different possibilities flitted through my mind as the prospect of him dying soared throughout my thoughts. With shaky hands, I managed to half-crawl half-tumble down the stairs and over to a small space left between Poseidon and Zeus by Xanthias’ head. His eyes were shut, almost peacefully so had his skin not been pale and bruised, stark white from blood loss. It felt terribly slow as I placed my fingertips to his temples. I didn’t really need to for what I planned on doing, but I felt it would work so much better. If not, it simply added to the atmosphere.
Though the others didn’t stop, their gazes fell on me with curiosity burning in their eyes. They didn’t try to hide the fact that they didn’t seem to know what to do, aside from pouring their energy and power into Xanthias’ body. It was a painstaking process, but as I cleared my mind and shut out the colours and shapes around me, I was able to harness the power of time manipulation. It bent, like light had turned into an invisible liquid and I could move it with the simple flicker of my mind’s flame. I felt it dancing through my fingertips, waiting and pulsing as it grew in power. It simply needed to be released.
I aimed it carefully, pulling back on the majority of the power surges as it leaked into Xanthias’ body. I was careful for it not to touch his veins, brain, heart and anywhere else that could mean his death. Sweat lingered on my brow, dripping from my fringe and onto the floor beside his head. I could feel the others’ gazes on me, burning into my body as I slowed his dying body. It also meant that the others were able to speed up the healing process, but even so, I doubted it’d be enough. Already, only a minute into the process, I was tiring. My body wasn’t used to using the power in this intensity, so controlled and manipulated.
‘Concentrate on the fatal wounds,’ Zeus demanded, though we all knew that was what they were doing. ‘It doesn’t matter if he has scrapes and bruises. He doesn’t have to be perfect. He simply needs to live.’
‘Stop wasting your energy on orders then,’ Poseidon countered, earning a fierce look from Zeus as his power pulsed even brighter. Lightning stroked the sky outside, crashing into trees and power lines. I barely jumped as they crashed to the ground outside, though. I was too focused on Xanthias, his eyes flickering as his consciousness started to return. Footfalls sounded on the back porch as Lainie returned, followed by the glowing presence of Amphitrite. Her power was almost palpable as she strode over to us, so full of purpose and white gold beauty. 
Tonight she didn’t appear to have changed into ‘human’ clothes, instead choosing a mix of swirling aqua bubbles of water that moulded with a luminescent white robe. It was knotted at the waist with gold rope, her arm wrapped in a matching gold arm bracelet with aqua bubbles identical to those in her robe. They flashed as she moved toward us with purpose, not even hesitating as she knelt beside Poseidon and placed both of her pale hands on Xanthias’ bare skin.
She started murmuring something repetitively in Greek as a myriad of colours burst from her hands and interwove with Xanthias’ body. In shock, I barely managed to maintain my hold of the time manipulation enough to speed up her work. Xanthias’ body was beginning to repair at a miraculous rate, and when Lainie joined in on Zeus’ side, the power from all of our combined efforts working overtime. When I finally saw Xanthias’ flesh wounds start to cover over, though, it became clear that he would survive. Relieved, I sat back and cut off the link between my power and his body. It swept a bittersweet feeling over my body, relieved to be free of the exhausting effects but longing for the high of finally releasing the power. I hadn’t realised how much I missed using it, especially in such a concentrated form, until then.
It was dangerous.
‘I cannot do it anymore!’ Hades cried, falling to the ground. He panted with exhaustion, his eyes shut against the pain as I saw how raw and blistered his hands were. Blood ran freely from them, staining the floor and intermingling with Xanthias’. I was surprised to find that it was the same colour, such a mortal tone of red rather than something otherworldly, like white or black.
‘That’s okay,’ Amphitrite gritted through her teeth. ‘You’ve done more than enough. Now heal. Cronus is your responsibility when he returns to Tartarus.’ He nodded with thin lips pressed together, looking almost as gaunt as Xanthias had when he’d been on death row. Now, though, he was beginning to gain colour in his cheeks. It was almost as though one couldn’t live with the other, tipping on a constant see-saw.
‘Concentrate, Goddess,’ he replied, waving his hand dismissively. ‘I removed him of the toxicity of the hell hound’s bite.’ She nodded, and it became obvious that she already knew when her cheek ticked in annoyance. She didn’t appear to enjoy being told what to do, long lashes lowered as her eyes flashed in defiance. With nothing else to say, Hades rolled to face away from Xanthias’ body. He groaned when he moved, his bones clicking and muscles slack as they struggled to do his bidding. Though he maintained the appearance of a man in later life, I had imagined him to be as an all-powerful, middle-aged man reaping the benefits of immortality. Yet now, as he struggled to move, I knew that they tired severely when pushed to the limits.
‘He’s waking up,’ Lainie gasped, distracting me from the God’s creaking body. ‘Is he healed yet?’
All eyes fell on Amphitrite as she focused on him. Her healing power continued to waver around his body, illuminating it from within, but it soon became clear that he was no longer dying. His breathing had regained its measured strength, rising and falling in great swoops that were so relieving it brought tears to my eyes. When I looked up, I found my expression mirrored in Lainie’s eyes, tears streaming down her cheeks. It intermingled with her mascara and eyeliner, dragging it in grey clumps that stuck to her skin. A low groan escaped through Xanthias’ lips, drawing our attention back but not before I saw her move to quickly fix her make-up into something more presentable.
‘God, that’s going to hurt in the morning,’ he muttered, taking a shuddering breath. His eyelids flickered, eyes roaming around the circle of beings that surrounded him. He rolled them then, smirking a little before wincing from the pain. ‘Now, now. There’s more than enough of me to share, people.’ I snorted.
‘Please,’ I countered. ‘You were hardly a bite-sized meal for that hell hound.’ Another groan.
‘Don’t remind me,’ he gritted out. ‘I’m pretty sure that these muscles would have given those jowls of his a run for their money.’ I rolled my eyes but didn’t say anything else, instead fixing my gaze on the Gods as they got to their feet and Zeus brushed himself off. He looked over at Poseidon with a focused gaze, as though he wasn’t just down on his hands and knees to save a mortal. No, once more he was the untouchable Zeus, above everyone except himself - or so I felt.
Poseidon seemed to understand whatever Zeus was communicating without having shared spoken words. With a simple, slow nod Poseidon watched as his brother crossed the room and stepped out through the back door. The moment his feet touched the porch, a stroke of blinding white lightning encompassed him and he was gone. I looked for any signs that he’d been there, any smouldering ashes or even licks of flame, but the porch was untouched. Zeus was gone.
‘He’s gone to track down Cronus,’ Poseidon explained, gaining my attention. He stood next to me, looking down with what appeared to be relief reflected in his gaze. He offered me a small smile as he opened his hand to me. I grabbed it, allowing him to pull me to my feet. I wavered slightly, still shaky but I managed to stabilise myself using the sturdiness of his arm. When I was able to stand on my own, he released me and knelt with Xanthias, aiding him into an upright position. Xanthias moved with stiff limbs, his body groaning in protest whenever he used even the slightest of movements.
Lainie crawled over to Xanthias, hands glowing slightly as she rested them over his knees. A moment later she moved away, watching with wide eyes as Xanthias moved his arms cautiously, then his legs. When he was sure that it wasn’t going to hurt, he launched himself to his feet and stretched, releasing the kinks that had formed from lying on the cold, hard floor.
‘Certainly not five star luxury,’ he commented, ‘but it’ll do.’ He turned then, offering me a small smirk that soon faded as the sounds of skidding wheels came to a halt outside. Poseidon cursed under his breath, muttering his goodbyes as he moved to the back porch. He swooped his arm to the side, a grand arch that shut the door soundlessly just seconds before Chrysabelle and the Davies tumbled into the room. Pearl and Lisbeth appeared to be puffed, using the door and kitchen bench for support but Chrysabelle was simply furious.
‘Are you two crazy?’ she ranted, pointing an accusing finger at us. I understood, then, what had attracted Poseidon to her in the first place. She was older now, but back when they’d met she would have been approximately my age, wrinkle-free and youthful. She was a strong figure, worried despite the careful front she fastened into place. Then, just like that, I understood why that was so. She would have undoubtedly been hurt severely by Poseidon, taking into consideration that he was not only immortal, but he was married and clearly only interested in short-term affairs.
Sympathy coursed through me, not only for Chrysabelle but also for Amphitrite. No wonder Poseidon had been so fast to leave. The awkwardness I felt rose impressively in the moment that I realised the situation Poseidon had left behind, and I wondered if Xanthias felt it too. After all, his mother - Poseidon’s illicit lover and mother of his child - was standing not three metres from Poseidon’s wife. The rivalry was almost palpable between the two, only broken apart when Xanthias excused himself from the room, taking his mother’s ranting with him. With the two of them crossing the threshold and out onto the back steps, I turned to face Amphitrite, my sister and the Davies.
‘If you’ll excuse us,’ Amphitrite addressed the Davies, hardly noticing the two older women’s death glares, ‘I have some private matters I wish to discuss with Lainie and Iris.’
‘Of course,’ Lisbeth spat bitterly, grabbing Pearl’s arm - not unkindly - as she steered her and the three younger witches outside. To me she added, ‘Let Chrysabelle and Xanthias know that we will be waiting in the car.’ It wasn’t a request. It was an order. I nodded nonetheless, glad to simply be rid of the tension the moment they exited.
‘Come, girls,’ Amphitrite murmured, gesturing to the dining room table. I hadn’t noticed that Chris and Nevada were removed from the chairs that had sat in the kitchen. Instead they looked peaceful as they lay across from the television, wrapped in each others’ embrace as a black and white movie flickered across the screen. Noticing my gaze, Amphitrite said, ‘They’ll be fine. They only have some inconspicuous bruising that won’t raise too many questions, and their memories have been swiped and replaced with those that correspond with a simple night of watching movies together.’
I bit my lip, feeling guilty for inadvertently putting them in danger. If only we had stayed home, we could have avoided the entire situation. We could have planned better, sent them away to a safe place until Cronus was captured. I sighed, turning away from them. It wouldn’t help if I lived with regret. It would only help to try and plan a way to capture Cronus. I looked across at Lainie, taking in her posture. She sat upright, shoulders back but it was clear that she wasn’t untouched by tonight’s events. We each wore our own battle scars, but I wondered if she had actually considered accepting Cronus’ offer. With a shake of my head, I dismissed it. Surely not. I doubted my sister’s ability to make selfless decisions, but would she really go that far in the face of greed?
‘Girls,’ Amphitrite began, lacing her fingers together. She rested her hands on the table top, eyes level with ours. ‘I have an offer for you, one that I hope you will accept.’
‘Oh no,’ Lainie groaned. ‘No more deals! We’ve already turned down Cronus tonight. Don’t make us do it again.’ Some of the doubt dissipated. Lainie sat back in her chair with arms crossed. I, however, leaned forward.
‘I would like to hear this deal,’ I prompted. Amphitrite looked at me levelly, surveying my reactions as she drew out the silence. On the couch behind us, I heard Nevada stir slightly, but she simply repositioned sleepily and returned to her land of dreams. I looked back at Amphitrite to find that she hadn’t changed.
‘Very well then,’ she murmured. ‘I’ll get straight to the point then. Cronus is still at large, but Poseidon and I would like for the two of you to make a semi-permanent move to the water. We will provide a cover for you both with Chris and Nevada. We’re thinking of Latin school, however, that is your own choice. We simply wish to provide protection for the both of you in an environment that is completely under our control.’ Lainie and I looked at one another, her eyes glistening with hope. It was only then that I found that Lainie really did love her fins - or at least appeared to - and she turned to Amphitrite with a firm nod.
‘I accept,’ she said.
‘I don’t,’ I said at the same time. They both looked at me as though I had grown three heads - which, apparently, might be a possibility. I rushed to explain. ‘I don’t feel right leaving Chris and Nevada here alone. What would stop Cronus from trying the same trick again?’
Amphitrite shook her head before I even had a chance to finish. ‘He wouldn’t,’ she said. ‘He never does the same trick twice.’
‘I still don’t feel right,’ I repeated. I stared her down, unflinching, until she finally sighed and lowered her gaze.
‘Lainie,’ she addressed my sister. ‘We leave at dawn.’

Chapter Twenty-One
‘How she felt when he kissed her – like a tub of roses swimming in honey, cologne, nutmeg and blackberries.’
Samuel Sullivan Cox

It was only when I heard the sound of Chrysabelle flooring the accelerator away from our home that I allowed myself to walk outside. I had my eyes closed, focusing on the calm and rhythmic breathing that caused my chest to rise and fall. I was aware of my heart beat, steady and smooth, listening as it pulsed through my veins.
I was alive.
With Amphitrite’s offer pounding through my mind, I barely registered the fact that Zeus had left the skies a peaceful, deep blue. Stars twinkled, piercing the darkness with their crystalline light and I breathed in the clear, crisp air that smelled of newly fallen rain. It went a long way to wipe out my mind of all the stresses, of the imminent threat that lingered as long as Cronus remained at large. He was weakened now, injured and would die if he couldn’t find a way to create a sustainable way to maintain his immortality on earth. At the very least, Lainie would be safe. In the underwater world, her power of manipulation would be thoroughly harnessed and she could be fully protected.
I would choose to remain here, to protect the family I had come to accept. They weren’t perfect, nor were they of blood relation to me but I would protect them. They had taken Lainie and me in when no one else would, treated us as though we were their own. I couldn’t just follow my sister into the depths of the sea, leaving them to whatever he planned to do with them. They were innocent, decent people who didn’t deserve what he had dished out to them tonight, let alone whatever he might do if he’d been left to his own imagination. I shuddered to imagine it.
‘Iris?’
I jumped, scratching my hands on the weather-roughened wood rail and digging tiny splinters into my palms. I cursed, looking down at their little points and Xanthias moved to stop me from trying to pull them out. Without looking at my face, he lowered a hand over my palms, leaving the skin tingling. A moment later, he raised his hand and turned it upright, displaying all of the tiny splinters as they rested against his skin. I ran my hands together gently, then with more pressure as I failed to accept the fact that he’d somehow removed them all from my skin. He laughed softly at my expression, betraying the tiredness that was etched across his features.
With the pain gone and the splinters blowing off his skin in the wind, I took him in fully. His eyes were tired, circled with what appeared to be purple bruises and an array of bloodshot red streaks that marred the perfect whites of his eyes. It made the colour of them stand out so much more, brilliant cyan that glittered as he observed me. Pale skin, dark hair that lingered low over straight eyebrows. My heart gave a small thump as it registered just how handsome he was. The intensity with which he watched me was strong, unflinching.
‘Why are you still here?’ I asked, aware of the way my voice stuttered. He laughed again, this time slightly deeper. It showed in his face, minimising the effects of the battle scars that would undoubtedly linger for quite some time on all of our faces.
He shrugged. ‘I don’t really know,’ he murmured. ‘I suppose I just received a whole new perspective on things. You know, seeing as I was on death row and all.’ He offered me a smile then, one that wasn’t so untouched by tonight’s events. I nodded, understanding.
‘And what insight did you come to conclude with?’ I replied, aware of his heightened breath and his close proximity to me. I watched while he bit his lip and looked down, something I did so often. He must have picked it up from me somewhere along the lines. He shrugged again and looked up at the starry night sky, taking in its intense beauty. A shooting star streaked across the black velvet night, lighting the blue of his eyes with icy fire.
‘I decided that life is better worth taking risks with than being cautious and missing out on opportunities,’ he murmured. His voice reverberated, low and enticing as he took a small step toward me. His hand went to my cheek, gently running his thumb in circles. He sighed, lips curling at the corners gently as he looked at me. For a moment, I completely forgot Cronus and the threat he posed. I forgot about mythology, finned beings and sirens, of Gods and Goddesses and magic. In that single moment, I simply saw Xanthias looking down at me with that small smile and the stars reflected in his gaze.
‘What type of risks are you after?’ I murmured, barely aware as Amphitrite and my sister came barrelling down the stairs. They didn’t notice us though, and Xanthias used a fingertip to turn my face around to him, so close.
‘Something exhilarating. Something that only occurs once in a lifetime.’ He smiled, gently guiding my head so it was facing him completely. Shadows danced over his face as the trees blew from a gentle breeze. ‘Something like sharing my first kiss with you.’
I didn’t think. I simply reacted, ducking my head as an incredible rush of shyness overcame me. My cheeks were aflame, and I hoped he couldn’t see them in the faint light. His hand dropped from where it sat on the back of my neck, a faint sigh emanating from him.
‘Iris,’ he whispered. ‘Look at me please.’ I shook my head and forced my feet to shuffle back two steps. He advanced the same distance, slipping his fingers under my chin. When I turned my head aside, I found it difficult not just to melt in place. I didn’t move, feet like concrete as my screamed at me to look at him. ‘Please.’
The flood gates broke. A moment later my head snapped up and he moved in close, completing the distance between us. He was warm and solid as he gripped my waist, pulling me close. His lips were soft, as though they were untouched by the dry rays of the sun. With eyes closed, I breathed in a new scent that lingered around him, something warm and spicy, but home-like too. He groaned when my sister interrupted us, pulling open the door. She looked suspiciously pleased, her dainty lips pulled into a wide grin and eyes glistening with mischievousness. She would pay.
When I turned my gaze back to Xanthias, I noticed just how far apart we’d jumped. He could almost have cleared the porch and into the neighbour’s yard if he’d been any more surprised. As it was, he was breathing hard and his eyes flitted between my sister and me as though he was a deer caught in a hunter’s headlights. His cheeks were burning as though he’d spent too long in the sun and he hastily excused himself, rushing indoors. I tried to follow behind, to stop him and find out what was going to happen between us but Lainie stuck an arm out and blocked my access to the house. Her smile faded.
‘Chase after lover boy later,’ she told me. ‘Poseidon has some things to say to us before I leave. I also want to spend some time with my only sister before I go. I can’t guarantee when I’ll be back again.’ As she spoke, I watched her eyes fill with tears and I forgot about Xanthias all together. I pulled her into a tight hug, sobbing into her shoulder while her arms increasingly tightened around me. Any happiness that had occurred when Xanthias kissed me vanished, and I was left with the sadness of seeing my sister leave. She was difficult to live with but she was still a good sister, and I would miss her terribly.
Footfalls sounded and I finally relinquished my hold on her, wiping the tears that fell in an endless stream. It was pointless. They refused to stop, pouring with emotion. Poseidon stood in the doorway behind Amphitrite as she opened the door slightly wider. Silently, she beckoned us inside and led the way to the front door. We were quiet as we walked, careful to avoid waking Chris and Nevada. They didn’t stir at all, sleeping peacefully as my sister and I crossed the threshold and down the stairs. Only when we were across the street and near the docks did Poseidon speak, his voice low and deep. It reverberated through the air, causing the water to ripple with his power.
‘I do wish you would consider coming with us,’ he said to me. ‘I can’t keep you completely safe on the land. If you were to live in the water, I could manipulate the currents to keep you completely out of harm’s way.’ He turned to look at me, coming to a halt on the end of the closest dock. Seagulls called overhead, alerting us to the lightening skies above us. It wouldn’t be long until the fishermen went out and spotted us. I shook my head and cast my eyes out to sea, ignoring the feeling of longing as the currents called to the finned side of me. My heart, however, was back in that house with two sleeping occupants.
‘I’m sorry, but I can’t,’ I replied, shaking my head resolutely. ‘If there was any way to bring Chris and Nevada with us, I would go without hesitation. But I can’t. They’re on the land and in harm’s way. Cronus is still out there and as long as he’s a threat, I will remain here to protect what family I have.’ Lainie cast her head down, biting her lip guiltily. I turned to her and grabbed her hands.
‘That doesn’t mean that you shouldn’t go,’ I clarified to her. ‘I need to stay. I have a future that demands I remain on the land. If there’s any way for me to learn to keep my fins from appearing, I will learn it from Xanthias and my dream of becoming a professional surfer can go ahead. But until the land is safe again, I would feel best if I stayed, but you go. I’m sure there’s many places that Amphitrite will take you to that you’ve always wanted to go to, but could never afford the airfare. There’s possibilities for you in the sea that don’t entice me.’
She nodded but only some of the guilt appeared to vanish. She pulled me into a wordless hug, communicating all that she needed to in one simple gesture. Poseidon made a step toward us, to pull us apart but Amphitrite stepped in to stop him. With one arm wrapped around his waist, her fingers dug into his side and effectively stopped him in place. I didn’t know if they felt pain, or if they did, what their tolerance was but it was obvious that she had him held in place regardless. Only when Lainie began to pull away did Amphitrite release him, her expression mirroring Lainie’s as she felt the pain of the separation to come.
‘We’ve organised everything. We have a siren in place who will act as the administrative person behind the Latin school you’re meant to be attending and an official signed document has been left on the kitchen table. It has both Chris’ and Nevada’s signatures and Amphitrite has installed some snippets of memory in their minds to back up the document. The school will be based in Italy and you will have monthly video chat sessions to continue the cover story,’ Poseidon told Lainie. He turned to me and the seriousness faded slightly. He pulled me into his own hug, feather-light in comparison with Lainie’s hug. It was as though he was afraid of breaking me.
A moment later, Amphitrite was tapping on his shoulder and he shuddered, recoiling with tears that remained glistening in his eyes. Amphitrite launched herself at me then, her hug tight enough to almost break bones. I choked and she relinquished me, pulling back in much the same motion as Poseidon. With the tears clearing, Poseidon’s seriousness returned.
‘Amphitrite will check in regularly,’ he told me. ‘She will check in shortly before the video calls are scheduled for Lainie to speak with you and your family. Make sure she is unseen. If there’s any conspicuous activity, contact us immediately. Cronus has vanished for now and without a corporeal form to bind him, he’ll be weaker than ever. He’ll also be looking for a body to bind with, so the hospital is being watched regularly by both my sirens and Hades’ invisible hell hounds. Only those who know they are there will be able to see them.’
‘You need to stay away from dark alleys, too,’ Amphitrite continued, though her tears refused to fade. ‘Anywhere that you can be taken without being seen by witnesses will be the perfect place for Cronus to steal you away. Don’t give him that chance.’ She stepped toward me, hands shimmering as a bracelet appeared between her hands. It pulsed like a heart, regularly but so slightly that a human wouldn’t even notice. It was dark, almost completely black with shimmery onyx tones inside. Inside the very heart of it contained a deep red circle of shimmering tones, much like the onyx but such a rich red I wondered if it contained blood.
‘A gift, from Hades,’ Poseidon explained while Amphitrite fastened it around my wrist. ‘It contains enough of Hades’ power to capture Cronus should you come into contact with him. It contains hell fire, which is what you see pulsing in the middle.’ He nodded toward the redness, watching it pulse as though by order of his words. Next, Amphitrite presented a strand of pearls through the strands of her hair that I was sure weren’t there seconds before. She simply lifted her hand gently, watching as my hair gave a small tug and the pearls fastened themselves into the strands.
‘Our gift of the sea,’ she whispered lovingly, letting my hair fall back into place. ‘They contain a potent amount of power from Poseidon and I, enchanted in such a way that it shall enable you to increase your powers and provide significant protection for you. They will become intangible whenever you will them to, and can only be removed by lovingly coaxing them with your fingertips.’
I nodded, running my hands gently over them as they pulsed with warmth. A small tinkling sounded in my ear closest to them and Amphitrite giggled.
‘You’re tickling them,’ she laughed. ‘That’s the tingling sensation you’ll hear.’ In awe I raised my hand once more and tickled them again, listening to their chimes as they grew in volume. Poseidon rolled his eyes and wrapped a strong arm around his wife’s shoulders, pulling her toward the edge of the docks. Horns echoed in the distance as fishing boats began their day, prompting a worried expression to cross Amphitrite’s face.
‘We must hurry,’ Poseidon cautioned, turning a warning glance on my sister. She nodded, lips pressed into a thin line. She gave me a hurried hug once more, her hair tickling my face.
‘Goodbye my sister,’ she whispered. ‘I will see you again.’
Without a moment of hesitation, she turned on her heel and strode past Poseidon and Amphitrite, leaping in a graceful arch that entered the water without barely breaking the surface. She appeared a moment later, beckoning for the others to follow. Her tail surfaced as she waited, splashing water up to me. It narrowly missed my legs, leaving droplets smearing against my face. Small chimes echoed in my ear and I realised that the water must have splashed on the pearls, tickling them.
With a small wave, both Poseidon and Amphitrite stepped down from the dock, the water rising up to meet them like a red carpet to a pair of celebrities. It all passed in a blur then. As the first fishing trawler appeared around the corner, the sea swallowed the three of them. Fingers pointed and feet pounded. Water bubbled, the only remaining evidence that the God of the sea and his wife had just taken my sister away.
‘Hey! You!’ Fingers pointed. People yelled. I had to get out of here. Without looking back, I forced my legs to pound up the ramp and across the street. The fishermen yelled after me, trying to make sense of what they had seen but I didn’t stop. I ran down the street, far from home then cut into a backyard and started leaping over fences until I reached home. By the time finally got back, I was panting from exertion and my entire body ached. My leg bled from a snag on a fence and sweat poured from every inch of my body.
‘Hey honey,’ Nevada addressed me as I entered. ‘Been for a run, I see.’ I nodded, passing her as I ran upstairs. I bypassed my own room and went to Lainie’s, noticing how unchanged it’d been left. As I lay down on her massive bed, I finally let the pain of separating from my sister sink in. Tears came in an endless flow. Chest spasmed, fingers clenched. Finally, after what felt to be years, I calmed enough to feel the gentle pulsing of the amulets at my neck and wrist. It was calming, letting me know that everything was going to be okay. Now, I had to be strong. Now, I had to protect my family no matter what.
Now, I refused to break.

The Aftermath
A Short Story
What happened following the completion of Ice, but before Frost.
Iris stood by the end of the road, staring at the waves that crashed against one another in the raging storm. Weeks had gone by and there was no sign of Poseidon, Amphitrite, her sister Lainie or any of the Gods that she had encountered that fateful night. She missed Lainie more than she’d ever thought possible, despite her sister’s short comings. She missed the few times she and Lainie got along together, laughing along with one another whenever times got tough. Craving the feeling of her sister’s presence was an understatement. Lainie was connected to her on a level that few twins ever experienced.
As she gazed, the sun set before her eyes and cast the sky a dazzling array of pink and violet hues, leaving her dazzled in a way that the ocean could never satisfy her. Though her soul and body were connected, bound by the bacterial agent that tampers with her D.N.A., she couldn’t help but feel as though the idea of flying was liberation in physical form. Shortly after Poseidon and Amphitrite had returned to the sea - taking Lainie with them - Iris had chosen to remain behind and protect her adopted family, Nevada and Chris Glass. Their house fronted the ocean and was a short walk from the Beaufort docks, South Carolina, which was just fine by Iris due to her finned predicament. ‘Being kissed by the Goddess of the sea isn’t really all it’s cut out to be,’ she thought to herself, looking down at her wriggling toes.
‘Iris?’ a rough voice called her name. ‘Is that you?’ She turned.
Starden stood before her, just as she remembered him from weeks ago when she’d driven Lainie to his door to explain that she’d been accepted into ‘Latin school’. It was a hoax, much like her relationship with him, but wouldn’t be for much longer. The desired effect that Lainie had been yearning for was long gone. He sighed and brushed a large hand through his golden hair, raising his eyebrows awkwardly. He was attractive, in a cliché footballer way, but it was lost on Iris. All she felt was a deep sense of sadness and guilt that pressed against her skull and drove a migraine deep into her brain.
‘Uh-oh,’ he said, half laughing. ‘I know that expression. Something isn’t right.’
She smiled in return. Indeed, something wasn’t right, but it was going to be. She sighed and stared him deep into his eyes, the inane temptation deep inside to freeze time and flee bashing against her rib cage, urging her for reprieve. Alas, though, she would have to tell him, right now before she relinquished the urge and fled. She didn’t break her gaze from him, instead using the fear inside to push back her shoulders and place determination into the depths of her aqua-blue eyes. In that moment, she willed all her memories of Lainie’s cruelty toward him to surge forward and reinforce her.
‘Starden,’ she addressed him, her guilt surging through her very blood cells. ‘I have to tell you something about my sister.’ His smile fell.
‘What?’ he asked, his brow furrowing. ‘Tell me, Iris. I want to know.’ He stepped toward her by way of encouragement and placed his hands firmly on her shoulders, arousing a short squeeze of his fingers.
She sighed and bit her lip, casting her gaze to the calm of the ocean before she dared to look back at him. She drew strength from the waters’ presence and finally dropped the bombshell.
‘Lainie’s intentions haven’t been true,’ she admitted, feeling her breath rush out in a giant swoop. ‘They never have. I’ve known for a while but never had the courage to tell you. Starden, the only reason why she’s with you is to elicit some form of jealousy from Ryker. The moment she ensnares him - and she will - you will be long forgotten.’
His hands fell away.
She’d expected him to put up some form of denial but the anger and sadness that flared in his eyes told her all she needed to know: he knew what Lainie was doing. The cold wind blew, chilling her to the bone despite her thick jacket. Winter was coming, but first it was autumn’s turn to play with them. Starden seemed calm, nodding to himself. But he didn’t fool her. She could see the wetness of his eyes as he cast them downward, falling into his own internal blackened pit of misery. She longed to reach out to him, take him into her arms and stroke his soft golden hair. But she couldn’t, because he still belonged to her sister and always would. And she, to her own torment - Xanthias, intriguing and non-human.
‘Life isn’t fair,’ he whispered.
Finally, after a few long and painful moments, he turned away without a single word more. Pained, Iris watched after his retreating form and noticed for the first time the level of his intense love and commitment to her sister. And deep inside, she knew she had made a mistake about confirming his suspicions, because deep inside he hid behind his doubts and lied to his soul about the lies she had woven around him. The sea breeze picked up and whisked autumn leaves around his feet, falling in his hair. He didn’t seem to notice or care. Iris knew she’d made a terrible mistake.
Now her soul would pay the price.
About the Author
M.S Watson is the young author of debut novel Glass Bones. In 2008, she started writing novels and later that year submitted a short story in a competition and had her work published in Write4Fun Australia’s book of best young writing talent. In 2011, she was approached by them once more and selected as one of their top 16% of young writers around Australia. She was one of six writers chosen to attend a writer’s workshop in Tasmania 2014 and has numerous followers on Twitter including the official Penguin AU & UK, Kevin Rudd, Julia Gillard and more. When she isn’t writing she is studying and waitressing but wants to travel. Read her works at Smashwords, iBookstore, Amazon, Kindle eStore and Barnes and Noble Online.

Other books by this author

Please visit your favorite eBook retailer to discover other books by M.S Watson:

The Poseidon’s Girls Trilogy
Ice – Out Now
Frost – Coming Soon
Tempest – Coming Soon

The Katherine MacLaine Trilogy
Illusion – Out Now
#2: Yet to be named
#3: Yet to be named

Stand-alones
Glass Bones





Connect with M.S Watson
I really appreciate you reading my book!  Here are my social media coordinates:

Friend me on Facebook:  http://facebook.com/officialmswatson
Follow me on Twitter:  http://twitter.com/missabooks
Favorite my Smashwords author page:  https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/mswatson
Subscribe to my blog:  http://rissabooks.blogspot.com.au



