Immortal: The Chosen 
By
Terra James


Copyright © 2015 Terra James

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this ebook with another person, please purchase an addition copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
This is a work of fiction. All characters, organizations, and events are portrayed in this novel are either products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.
Trademarks: This book identifies product names and services known to be trademarks, registered trademarks, or service marks of their respective holders. The author acknowledges the trademarked status in this work of fiction. The publication and use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners.

Immortal: The Chosen
By
Terra James


Dedications


I would like to dedicate this first to God for giving me the imagination to write. I want to thank my husband for standing by me, never letting me quit, or give up on my dream. I would like to thank my parents for encouraging me to be the best I could always be. To my angel in heaven, Dad this one is for you. I just wish you were here to read it, because it was your passion for books that encouraged my passion for reading and writing. I would also like to dedicate this to my three beautiful children, because they have made me the person I am. Their imaginations never cease to amaze me. To my daughter, I hope you never give up hope while you continue to strive to be what you want to be. Baby girl, your dreams can come true. To my son, I hope you continue to strive to be whatever you want to be. There are endless possibilities, and beyond the sky is the limit. To my angel baby Jaden, I know you are looking down from heaven watching over me as my guardian angel. Last but not least, to all my wonderful friends that have always believed in me whether online or in person.




Prologue
Chloe



Seraphina sat reading the Supernatural Immortals History book to our coven explaining every detail for my initiation ceremony. It always has been my blood line that should carry on the Chosen Reign. I am so excited that it's my initiation day. Little did I know that it would soon become the longest reign of all.
It has been five generations. This is the generation that is to produce the Ultimate Five, or at least I hope that will happen when given the chance. The potential to produce a Chosen skips a generation. The five that will save the supernatural races. The prophecy written by the last chosen is found in the Five Supernatural Immortals History book so that history would repeat itself. A Chosen's reign ends when the next is born, and it doesn't matter if she can rule or not. The first generation of witches didn't produce anyone to reign. The third generation produced a Chosen with no powers. Therefore as history goes, the fifth generation should produce a powerful one to reign. There are rules to this, as there are rules to everything unfortunately. To produce a Chosen with full potential of powers, every rule must be followed.
It is said to be a Chosen, on a female's seventeenth birthday she would meet her soul mate before she even knows she is a witch. After full explanation and acceptance that she is a witch, she would then complete her initiation ceremony into her Keeper's coven. She holds only one-fifth of her magic, which makes her different from other witches. She would only be known as a Chosen once the mark has been shown, and she has proven that she in fact has the Soulmate's gift. It is then that the High Priestess of her coven will receive the gift of becoming her Keeper. The Keeper holds one-fifth of her magic. The Keeper ceremony will be completed, adding to her markings, a star which is the Keeper symbol located inside of her marking.
The second step will be completed after the Keeper Ceremony, and she will be bound to her soul mate for life. It is then that her heart will beat for him. She can actually live without her soul mate, but it is excruciatingly painful. Her soul mate can't live without her, because she has now become his life force. He becomes her everything, the other half to her soul. Also he holds one-fifth of her magic, and without him she can't be a Chosen. It is after the bonding has taken place, that the marking of the infinity symbol will also be located inside of her marking, signifying that she has a soul mate.
The third step is to be completed after the mate bonding has taken place, and she then will be also be bound to her Protector for life as well. The relationship here is completely different in that they can each live a normal, pain free, and human life without each other. Her Protector will give his life for her, and vow to protect her at all cost. He also holds one-fifth of her magic. Their trust is what will bind them together. She gives him the ability to be whole, to be someone's mate in return, and the ability to share his supernatural gifts with their race. He will be lonely forever without her, and without him she can't be a Chosen. It is said that The Protector is the mate to a Chosen's Healer who he can't live without and vice versa. She will have the Protector symbol of a wolf added to the other symbols inside of her own marking after she is bound to her Protector by trust.
The fourth step to be completed after the Protector bonding has taken place is that she then will be bound to her Healer for life as well. They can live a normal, pain free, and human life without each other. Her Healer will heal her, and be able to hear her call of pain anywhere. The Healer is one-fifth of her magic. Their friendship is what will bind them together. A Chosen gives her Healer the ability to be whole, someone's mate in return, and the ability to share her supernatural gifts with their race. She will be lonely forever without her, and without the Healer she can't be a Chosen. It is said that the Healer is the mate to a Chosen's Protector who she can't live without and vice versa. Once they are bound by friendship, she will have the healer symbol of a teardrop added to the other bound symbols inside her marking.
The fifth and final step of the Five Ceremony is to be completed as follows. Each person stands at the five points of a Pentagram, and they are all given the choice to be bound to the Chosen. If they choose to be bound to her for life, only then will she get her full abilities and magic. She will become the ruler of all supernatural races. She will keep peace between them all, and they can all live freely to do as they choose.
I can't wait for another Chosen to be produced. The supernatural races are in ruin, and they have been fighting for generations. Vampires against werewolves, witches, fairies, and vice versa. All hell has broken loose, and all supernatural races continue to fight amongst themselves, and wreak havoc in what was once a peaceful world. The God of the supernatural world has left, and vowed to never return unless love is restored by the sixth generation. He will destroy us all, and we will cease to exist. If a Chosen is produced and all rules are followed he will give the races each a special gift. He will then give the Chosen's Coven the gift of being royalty. I have cried many tears as I have watched our races tear each other apart. I pray for a Chosen to be produced soon, before our races are destroyed, and we cease to exist.



Chapter One
Emmaline



I woke up this morning punching the alarm clock, and swearing under my breath. It was another restless night. Mornings are getting to be ridiculous, and I am so irritable. Today is supposed to be a better day though. Better day, blah, my ass! I always hate the silence in my house - it is so deafening. Who could have thought silence would deafen somebody? But oh how it could, and make you feel as if you were suffocating and drowning into nothingness. I wake up every day with the same routine. I'm alone, punching the alarm clock, and in a rush because I am late.
This morning I got up, and donned my new jeans and t-shirt that my mom had purchased. She laid them out on the back of my desk chair for me to wear today. Mom is never around, in fact she is always away. Where you might ask? I have no idea, because my mom and I don't have the kind of relationship where you can talk about things. As a child I was better seen and not heard, as a pre-teen I was left alone, and as a teenager I pretty much take care of myself. My dad works all the time, and when I say all the time I literally mean it. As an only child this leaves me very lonely. I resent the hell out of this fact, but hey this is the life I have to lead.
Dressed now, I head into the bathroom to give my hair a quick brushing, and put a handful of mousse in it to try to give a little bit of body or curl. My hair has always laid the way it wants to like it has a mind of its own. I always wear my hair down now that I am older, because it gives me a way to shield my face and thoughts.
I don't like to be noticed, and I strive to become the nobody that I feel I am. I used to wear it up all the time, because it was so thick it used to give me excruciating headaches. I couldn't hide behind it then like the shadow that I want to become. Thanks to my mother, I was able to get it layered at the beginning of school this year. I need the privacy that I can achieve by wearing my hair down, but I also need it to be lighter on my head so that it won't cause headaches.
I make a quick detour at the bottom of the steps into the kitchen to grab a chocolate-covered honeybun, a favorite of mine that Mom always leaves for me to eat for breakfast. I know, I know, real nutritious breakfast. But as I said, this is the life I lead. I grab a Mountain Dew out of the refrigerator on the way out of the door.
Little did I know that this day was going to turn out to be the most life-altering day ever? Even though I am turning seventeen today, I still don't have my own car. I have my license, and I drive my mom's car only when they need me to run errands. I am hoping for a car soon, because I want the freedom that affords me to not ride the bus with a bunch of screaming younger children.
I begin the short walk to the bus stop where most of the kids of my condominium complex are standing. You know the places I am talking about, where the next condominium beside you looks just like the other fifty beside them. I mean you could never accuse these architects of being creative. Silly me, that would be too much to ask for.
There is one person I don't see though. Dravon Riley, all American athlete, snob of the century, and sprinkle in just enough bad boy to make him the boy most mothers fear their daughters will bring home. He likes to tease me, and I like to act all indifferent about it. It is like our own special game. As that thought passes, I hear his voice.
"Hey, Watson you sure are looking like a tom-boy today," he says teasingly.
I answer back as usual, "Oh, shut up Dravon, give it a rest already."
As I turn around I see the most shocked look on Dravon's face that I have ever seen. He just stands there staring at me as if I have sprouted another head, and I being confused just stand there staring back at him. This time I hear what he is saying, but his mouth doesn't move not even slightly.
“Watson is going to think she is losing her mind. I was going to try to be nice today, because it is her birthday. It's going to be difficult enough for her as she learns who she is, and the journey she must choose to take.”
I'm astonished, scared, and bewildered all wrapped up in a tight ball of emotion in the pit of my stomach. My vision begins to swim, my hands begin to shake, and I start to tremble from head to toe. I just know that I am going to pass out at any moment. I am desperately trying to steady myself and hold onto consciousness. I blink a dozen times or more, but in the end it is too much for my brain to process that I might be telepathic. As I'm falling to the ground, I feel strong arms lift me up and pull me to his chest.
"Emmaline, are you okay?" James asks worriedly.
I pass out, before I can even reply.
I feel this tingling sensation all over my body when I start to regain consciousness. It covers me like a silk blanket, making my body pulsate, and spread warmth with each one. It is a strange feeling that I have never experienced, but I'm not uncomfortable at all. I am trying to replay the events that just happened in my head, when I hear Dravon's voice again.
“I hope she does better processing this as the day progresses, because she has so much more to learn and experience today. I hope that passing out is not going to be a reoccurring thing for her. I know that she is going to continue to be overwhelmed.”
I don't open my eyes to see if his mouth is moving, somehow I just know that it isn't. I keep my eyes closed, and do the only normal thing you would do at this time. You know since it just makes sense to talk to him in my head, since we have been telepaths forever. That's a reasonable thought, right? This makes me hysterical, and I want to laugh but I don't. Just at that moment I feel that tingling sensation begin to fade, and it is replaced by an enveloping comfortable warmth I have never felt before. I snuggle down in James's arms, and feel right at home without a care in the world. As quick as the warmth came, it suddenly leaves me aching for more. 
“Dravon, what the hell is going on?” I ask in my head, slowly opening my eyes to find Dravon staring at me. James is holding me so I look up at him.  
“James, you can put me down now. I appreciate it, and sometimes I don't know what I would do without you.” I try to speak to him telepathically, but James just continues to stand there holding me as if it is the most natural thing in the world for him. 
“Emmaline, it only works on one person, and as you can see that person isn't him. You're stuck with me.” 
“Okay, this is getting weirder by the minute. I am talking to someone telepathically. I have woken up in wackville, and any minute someone is going to admit me to the psych ward. Oh my God, what the hell is going on? Did my mom put acid in my honeybun? I mean seriously, who suddenly wakes up one morning, and has telepathic abilities? Oh, God! What am I going to do? I have seen this on TV before, and it never ends well. The person is usually psychotic, schizophrenic, or has some other mental illness. I mean, this is one of the questions on those questionnaires at the doctors, located right under the one asking if you are homicidal or suicidal. Okay Emmaline, just chill out! I mean there has to be a totally rational explanation for this, right?”
I look up to see Dravon chuckling to himself with the biggest, sexiest smile that will melt any girl's heart within a mile's radius. I realize that he has just heard my whole inner dialogue, and now I blush a scarlet color. I am also filling my head with math problems quickly. Yes, crazy I know, but I love math. I am extremely embarrassed, stressed, and freaked out at this moment, so filling my head with math has always been my coping mechanism. I will just fill my head with math problems, and keep myself busy working out the equations like it is the most normal thing in the world. It is normal to do such things, right? This is the first time that Dravon has ever said my first name, but I am so scatter-brained I don't realize that just now.
Finally, aboard the bus, I'm safely seated beside James thinking this is all a bad dream, when suddenly I come to the realization that Dravon has in fact said my first name with love in his voice. One piece of information dawns on me now that I have a clear mind. There is only one person I can communicate with telepathically, and this just raises more questions in my mind that threaten to make me hysterical. I begin to feel squeamish all over again, and it's like that's James's queue to grab my hand.  The feelings that I felt earlier are there again without so much as a warning. I feel the tingling sensation start to spread throughout my body, and I'm engulfed from head to toe in comforting warmth. Just as quickly as it arrived, it departs again leaving behind a euphoric feeling. This is the most wonderful calming feeling I have ever felt, and I never want it to depart. I'm not confused by it, because it feels normal like it's been a part of my life forever.
I ponder over the situation. This is weird, because first I can communicate with Dravon telepathically. I'm feeling a tingling sensation and warmth when James touches me now. He doesn't seem to realize or feel it. James and I really need to have a conversation, but I don't understand what's going on myself. How am I supposed to explain all this to him, when it seems so unbelievable to me? I need more answers, so that maybe I can understand some of this myself. I am freaking out here, and I feel as if I'm going to lose control at any moment. I can't imagine what he might think about my sanity if I try to talk to him about any of this. I need to know what is going on with me, before I can even attempt to explain it to someone else. Wait a second! Dravon can communicate with me telepathically too! Does this mean we are both psychos, or am I just hallucinating? I wished I had some more answers, because I don't think I can talk to anyone about this
“Emmaline, please calm down and trust me! Your Gran will explain everything when we go to see her, and I will fill in any details if left out. I will always be here for you, and you can talk to me about anything. I will never judge your sanity, because I can never think badly of you. You are the best person that I know, and I know that you are not losing your mind. I believe that there is something happening that is greater than anything that we have ever faced, and I think that together we can make it through anything. I at least want to give it a shot. I know that I tease you a lot Em. It's because you are beautiful, and if I had to spend one day without seeing you I don't know what I would do. Please trust that I have your best interest at heart! I promise with my whole heart that we will get through this together. Can you trust me?”
“What does my Gran have to do with this? Are you telling me that she knows about this, and has never said a word to me? I mean how hard would it have been to just say - hey Em, you will become telepathic one day? I mean would it have been too much to ask for? I fainted on the way to the bus stop, and my heart was beating fast enough to supply two or three people with blood. I could have had a heart attack, but did she think about that? No! Let's just leave her beloved Emmaline in the dark. I mean it is not like that this is need to know information, because it's not her life, body, and mind that is involved. By the way, Dravon just how the hell do you know my Gran? I want to trust you, because my heart is shouting at me that I can entrust my life to you. The answer to your question is yes. I will trust you Dravon, but if you betray me I promise you will be sorry. I don't usually give my trust away so easily, but this just feels like it is destined to be.”
“Em, it is way more complicated than you know. She couldn't have just come out and told you. She had to wait until you started showing the signs of the beginning, because she would have had to pay great consequences if she had broken the rules. We need to pay your Gran a visit!”
“I have to go to her house tonight for my birthday celebration. She says it’s going to be huge. She is inviting all of her friends, and I am sure she wouldn't mind if you were to tag along since you guys already seem to know each other. What do you mean she had to wait until it was starting? What do you mean when you say the signs of the beginning?”
“Yes, I forgot tonight will be your birthday party, and it is indeed starting to fulfill itself. The signs have revealed that you are the one. I am so excited, and I can only hope that you will be just as excited as I am when all is revealed. Em, all will be explained in due time, but I just want you to know that I will never pressure you into anything. It will always be your choice, and there will be no judgment from me at all. You have to do what is best for you, because you can never make everyone happy. I just hope that happiness involves a life with me.”
“What do you mean that the signs have been revealed, and it is starting to fulfill itself? What are you talking about? What am I? Right at this moment I feel like I am a full blown wack-a-loon. What's a wack-a-loon, you might ask me? You know, a cross between a wacko and a loony person. What would you have to pressure me into doing? I will do anything to help you Dravon. You do know that, right?” 
Dravon is outright laughing now, holding his side, like he has just heard the funniest thing in the world.
“Trust me Em, you are not a full blown wack-a-loon as you say, which I do find hilarious, I might add. It's not my job to tell you the specific details about you, because I am not the person that holds that particular job in your life. That is the responsibility of your Gran to explain, so please Emmaline calm down. I am asking you to please trust me again, and I know I haven't given you much of a reason. We barely know each other, but you will come to understand why I have your very best interest at heart. I can't come to your birthday celebration, because that is a private gathering. I will see you for sure on Saturday morning, or maybe before then if it is allowed.” 
I feel arms hug me tightly when there are none to the visible eye. I look at Dravon, and he is smiling without looking at me. I am still staring at him though, and it is for the first time that I come to the realization that he is tremendously sexy. It also dawns on me at this point that he is calling me by my nickname that only my friends use. He has been here two years now, and I don't understand why it is that I am just now realizing that he is so utterly gorgeous. He is so much more than a perfect match to the dream guy I have always wanted. You know, the dream guy, you have dreamt of marrying and living happily ever after with since you were a little girl? The knight and shining armor that whisks you away into the sunset, in your favorite movie or fairy tale? 
Dravon is a little over six feet tall with black hair that lays messy all over his head. It's the messy style you spend hours perfecting to look as if you just woke up and run your fingers through it. He has the bluest eyes like a crystal clear aquamarine gem, and when you look deep into his eyes, you can almost see yourself inside them. I hardly ever look too deep, because it's as if you could get lost in his soul. He has a muscular, athletic build. I have to say being a football player definitely has its perks. He spends a lot of time working out in the gym, so he has the whole complete set with the six pack abs, wide muscular shoulders with biceps made of steel, and his thigh muscles make two or three of my scrawny ones. 
When I said he was a snob before, I was basing that on attitude alone not his wardrobe. He is definitely my type of guy, and by my type of guy I mean the t-shirt and jeans type. He wears a black leather jacket all the time, because he is mostly always riding his motorcycle. His next favorite hobby is being on a football field or basketball court, because he either loves sports or just doesn't want to ever be still. He is like a drifter that never stops drifting, because it's from one thing to another and from one place to another all the time. I believe if I were able I would love to ride just like him. I would love to just let the wind blow my hair, set myself free, and go wherever the road takes me. 
Where is his motorcycle? Why is he on the bus this morning? I am lost in my thoughts again, broadcasting them to him like a beacon in the night calling out to a lost ship.
“Aren't we a ball of curiosity? I do believe that you are harboring a major crush on me. I'm so flattered, and I want you to know that I do feel the exact same way about you. Your feelings will be returned tenfold. You are so beautiful Emmaline. I believe that you know enough for now though. I need you to do something for me, okay? Put up a telepathic wall Emmaline! I am going to be able to hear your every thought if you don't. I'm not complaining mind you, but I know that you are a private person. Do you want me to explain? By the way the motorcycle is in the shop, and I'm on the bus because it is the only other way to school. Unless perhaps you would have liked if I had walked, and arrived at school all hot and sweaty.” 
Dravon is now smiling that sexy, confident, teasing smile that is different from the ones he flashes to other girls. 
I try to act as if I'm indifferent to his flirting, but I think I am losing my resolve. I know this because my heart is pounding out of my chest, my hands are trembling, and the only thing I can think about is how awesome Dravon's lips will feel on mine. Somehow I think he has heard all my thoughts, and not just the one's about his motorcycle because he is flirting with me now, and wearing that omniscient smile.
“Gross Dravon, umm no! Eew, sweat is gross. Unless it is at certain times.” I stop myself right there before I think something else that will be broadcasted to him. I am hardcore blushing now, and my face feels like a furnace. God, I have got to practice this damn telepathic wall thing. This telepathy that is shared between Dravon and I might be the death of me yet.
“Yes, Dravon please tell me how to put up this telepathic wall. I think that is going to be a life saver for me.”
“Emmaline, I can only teach you a few things, and we will have to hope for the best. You haven't had time to practice it to perfect it. Step one is to clear your mind of everything. Step two is to picture a red door in your mind, and you have to focus on it fiercely. Step three is to take slow deep breaths as you complete these steps. We will hope that it works until your Gran can teach you how to perfect the telepathic wall, or as I like to call it mind-blocking.” 
“I will do my very best to achieve this today, and I will be getting Gran to teach me mind-blocking just as soon as I can. Thank you for everything you’ve done for me so far Dravon.”
“You are so very welcome!”
"Em, you are uncharacteristically quiet today. Are you sure that you're okay?" James asks concerned.
I look up at James, and it is then I notice for the first time how handsome he is in his nerd uniform as I call it. He wears his button-up shirts with the sweater over it, his khaki pants, his loafers, and always looks like a professor at school. He has sandy-blond hair that is always flowing down his back, beautiful blue eyes, although not the same blue as Dravon's, his are the sky blue that if you look deep enough into them you will find the diamonds inside. He is a bit on the scrawny side compared to Dravon, but he is not lacking in muscle. He has small abs, but he has about twice the size of biceps and thigh muscles that I have. He is pretty hot though. I would have to say that I rate him a ten on the fine scale, and at this moment he is running a tight second place to that dream guy I was just thinking about. James is perfect, but it is in more of the big brother, teddy bear sort of way.
You know the teddy bear dream guy? The one you go to when you are heartbroken, and he buys you the tubs of ice cream and box of tissues to wipe your tears. He sits with you all night while you cry on his shoulder, and tell him all your troubles. He vows to protect you, and beat up anyone else that breaks your heart. He’s the protective teddy bear that just steals your heart away. I have always thought of James Davenport in this way, because he is my loving, caring teddy bear.
We have been best friends since he moved here a little over three years ago. He lives with his Grandma in one of those one-of-a-kind condominiums I was telling you about earlier, and he hates them almost as much as I do. I have no idea where James's parents are, nor have I ever asked. I refuse to pry into other people's business, and I feel like if he wants me to know that information he will divulge that to me. He has never offered up any knowledge of his parents, and I have never asked or pushed the issue.
I feel as if everyone has their baggage that includes some sort of family issue, and that information is private to most people. I am turning a bright scarlet color as I blush even more thinking of James and my relationship, because I realize my thoughts are still being broadcasted to Dravon. I am not embarrassed by our relationship, but I am embarrassed that Dravon can hear my every thought. 
Wall, Emmaline.. Wall.. I think to myself and I see Dravon nodding.
“Yes, James, I think I’m going to be fine. I don't know what is going on, and I'm sorry I'm lost in thought this morning. I can't believe that I am seventeen today," I reply trying to make small talk, and recover from this eventful morning. I have a busy day at school left to make through before I can talk to my Gran about all this. I am confused, but for some reason it just feels right. It feels like I haven't discovered anything new today. It's just like any other day to me now, and I am not hysterical or questioning anymore. It's almost like this is just my destiny, and I have known it forever.
We are now at the point in the bus route where my best friend Sadie Jordan, a.k.a Wild Child, boards the bus. She is sporting her mid-drift neon green Nike baby tee, black with neon green striped mini skirt, black high heel boots, and multi-colored bangle bracelets on each arm. She is wearing her normal colorful makeup. She has on green eye shadow, light jade mascara, and a tad bit of black eyeliner that brightens her already shiny catlike green eyes, and her beautiful, straight, red hair accentuates them perfectly. She never wears any foundation or blush, but she does wear a very light pinkish color lipstick that makes her lips fuller. 
Of course, her fingernails are always painted a beautiful sparkling, glitter color to match her outfit for the day. She is beautiful, to say the least. She is a little taller than me at five feet and seven inches, but she is very petite. So to say that she is tiny, extremely noisy, straight up stunning, or that she could be a runway model would be an understatement. She has an angelic, porcelain doll face that is nearly flawless. She has a tiny diamond stud in her nose that just adds to her awesome beauty, but she only wears it when she wants to look older, to get into the clubs she frequents. She wants to add a new piercing to the one that she received for her sixteenth birthday. She knows that a belly button piercing is the only thing her mom can afford for her seventeenth birthday that is in two days, so she hasn't even tried to ask for a car. I can't believe that we are just two days apart in age, but I feel like Sadie is the sister that I never had. 
I will be driving her, and I will become her wheels when I get my car. I know that her mom would rather spend her money on drugs than her daughter, but I don't say this to her. She doesn't need me to point out this fact, and I wouldn't hurt Sadie for anything. Sadie is a wild child partly because of her personality and partly because she has no adult supervision. One of the facts my mom likes to point out, when she says anything to me at all. My mom judges everyone else as if she has a right to judge, but it's not like I have adult supervision either. People never see their own faults, but they sure do see everyone else's. 
Sadie's dad hasn't been in the picture at all. She has never even laid eyes on the man. To be blunt, Sadie's mom is a drug addict as I was saying earlier. She is always looking for her next fix, and I think this is exactly why Sadie looks for attention anywhere she can get. And boy, does she sure get it! She just demands it.
Sadie was my first friend here. I met her when I was twelve-year-old, on the exact day that we parked the moving van in the driveway to move into that blasted glorified apartment. We became best friends instantly. Why she picked me I will never know, but we have become inseparable ever since she did? 
"Happy birthday, baby girl. I can't wait for your party tonight," Sadie says loud enough for the whole bus to hear. She takes her seat slowly making sure all eyes are on her. 
"Thanks, Sadie. Are we all set for tonight?" I ask. 
"For sure girl, you know I wouldn't miss your party! Your house is mine for the weekend as usual my mom will be entertaining," she says looking embarrassed. 
Even though we are the only ones that know about her mom's drug habit, and the need to have sex with anyone that can supply her with said drugs. Her mom somehow manages to keep it hidden, except to her crowd of people and for Sadie's sake thank goodness for small favors.
"James, are you going to Em's party?" Sadie asks. 
"Yes, I wouldn't miss it either," James says, smiling at Sadie. 
I know that James has a crush on Sadie. He has harbored said crush for as long as we’ve been friends. Of course he won't tell her. He is afraid of rejection. Little does he know that under that rough exterior that Sadie upholds, she feels the exact same way about him? 
I know all this, but I will take both secrets to my grave. I hate to meddle, because in the past, it has done nothing but cause problems. I am a true believer in destiny, and if they are destined to be together then they will be together, indeed. 
Sadie is the first person to exit the bus as usual, and she is talking the whole way down the stairs to the sidewalk. 
I am gathering my things, and James is there right by my side waiting on me. It's like he is scared to leave my side, because of my fainting episode earlier. I don't say it, but I am truly glad. 
"I’ll see you guys at lunch. Dravon is eating with us today," I say as I am walking away to go to my first period, because I know I'm going to be saved by the bell ringing soon, and I don't feel like getting the third degree from my two best friends. For the first time since the start of the school year, I am glad that I don't share the first two periods with either one of them. I need to be by myself, so that maybe I can process some of the information that I have been overwhelmed with on this day.
We have a four bell system here at Great Falls High School. Each period lasts an hour and a half. We have four classes for the first semester, and then we have four different classes the second. So this semester I have English III, Algebra II, German I, and Computer Science in that order from first period to last, and everyone in their junior year has the same lunch period at 11:30 a.m. Sadie and James have World History, Biology II, and they share German I and Computer Science with me. Next semester we will only share two classes as well. They will have English III, and Algebra II, while I have World History, and Biology II. We will share Computer Science II, and German II. 
“I hope this telepathy works long distance. Dravon!”
“Yes, Em. Ouch! You don't have to scream. Damn girl that hurt.”
“Sorry Dravon, I didn't know if this works long distance or not. Anyway, I want you to have lunch with us.” I don't wait for an answer. I continue on my way to first period, and for the first time since school started I'm dreading my usual beloved English class, even though it's my second favorite subject. I just am not into it today. I wouldn't know why though. Would you? I mean it’s a normal morning, right?
“Emmaline, Earth to Emmaline!”
“Yes, Dravon.”
“Wow, Girl. You are already perfecting your blocking. Amazing work Em! That wall was hard for me to break.”
“What are you talking about Dravon? I wasn't concentrating on the wall. I was concentrating on English.” 
“It was still awesome Em, anyway, I don't feel comfortable having lunch with you.”
“Dravon, I have a feeling that we are going to be spending a lot more time together here soon, and I can't explain why or how I know that. I just do.”
“I am just not ready yet. You don't know the half of it....”
I pick up Dravon's last thought as it trails off. I assume that he has put the wall up to keep me out of his mind. What did he mean by - I don't know the half of it?



Chapter Two
Dravon
 


I anxiously type in a text message to my father. I have to inform him of what is happening. I will have to be at Emmaline's first thing Saturday morning or sooner, because we only have exactly twenty four hours to act. I know they are going to be just as thrilled as I am. I couldn't have picked a better person if destiny had been left up to me, but it hasn't been. Yet, I was still destined to be with the best person I know. I send the text to my dad.
Dravon: Dad, she is the one, just like we expected.
Emmaline is beautiful to say the least. She has beautiful, long, straight, shiny jet black hair. She always looks sexy, and this morning was no different. She had on new clothes, but it was still her usual t-shirt and jeans combo; but with an awesome twist I might add. This one was a blue baby tee with the words Live in pink, Laugh in purple, and Love in green pastel colors on it and her hip hugger, skinny, black L.E.I. jeans that fit her every curve snuggly. This outfit is a little different from her normal t-shirts with sarcastic sayings, her name brand jeans, and her bright colored Vans. Her build is a little on the thicker side, because she is more muscular than most of our normal bony cheerleader-type girls here at Great Falls High. Her new shoes are high-top Nike Air Jordan’s, and she looks awesome in them even though they are boy's shoes. Her hair tumbles down to the middle of her back, but it curves slightly around her face. The light colors in her shirt combined with the black jeans make her eyes almost look like they are an onyx gem with a speck of light brown in the pupils. The skinny jeans she is wearing makes her legs look even longer than they already are at her five feet and six inch height. Her makeup is always put on so lightly that it just accentuates her own natural beauty, and she has a tiny diamond stud in her nose that draws attention to said beauty.
I am so anxious, but I am usually over-confident. What will she choose when given the choice? Will she choose yes just because the supernatural race depends on it? How will I know the difference? All of these questions have my head pounding, my hands shaking, my legs feeling like jelly. I feel as if I might just faint, too. The only difference is there is no one to catch me if I fall. If she chooses no, then I will never be complete, and my soul will always be missing it's other half. I am absolutely terrified that I might have to live this way for the rest of my life, so I have this overwhelming feeling of gloom hanging over my head when I receive the text from my dad.
Ren: How do you know for sure, son?
Dravon: All the signs are there. 
Ren: Are you sure?
Dravon: Yes. Absolutely!
Ren: I will get a hold of Molly, and we will set it up. DO NOT be around her! It will be too hard for you to resist now. I urge you to listen to me for this is of the utmost of importance.
Dravon: Chill, I got this. :/
I am lost in my thoughts this morning when I see Emmaline walking in front of me. It is normal for me to be thinking about her, because she is never far from my thoughts. It took a twist this morning though when she heard my thoughts, and she responded to them out loud. I was so shocked that if it hadn't been for James, she would have just hit the ground. I couldn't get my feet to cooperate while my brain processed that I had just found my soul mate. It completely took me by surprise.
I never expected to find her here in Great Falls, Montana, because I didn't move here in search of my soul mate. I had no knowledge that I would have a perfect mate before I moved here. I moved here because I was looking for an all-encompassing area which includes the big city life with majestic beautiful waterfalls, and I was also looking for a mountainous area like The Rocky Mountains, where I can hunt. I need to be in an area where the fact that I am a vampire doesn't stand out. When my maker, whom I call my dad, called me to move out here to help him introduce our life style to some of the newborn vampires, I was happy to take him up on his offer. 
We are still trying to figure out who and why these newborns were created, but we need to teach them how to control their cravings. My maker and I don't feed on humans, because we find this immoral. I know what you are asking right about now, and if it were me I would be asking the same exact question. Why on God's green Earth would a vampire have morals? The answer is that I choose to live my life while respecting everyone equally, because Ren didn't intend for me to turn into some kind of blood-crazed monster, and unlike most vampires I still have a soul. How I still have a soul is just as much a mystery to me as it is to anyone else. I guess we blame that on generations of witches or we thank them for it. I am thankful to them for their gift. It is a fact that we indeed need blood to feed, but we don't have to be savages about it.
Ren turned me, but only because he said he saw potential in me. I was a seventeen-year-old kid with leukemia in the early 1920's, before advanced medical treatment. He was a doctor at the hospital that I was dying in. One afternoon I overheard my parents out in the hallway talking to Dr. Allen, and he was telling them that I wouldn't make it through the night. I was too weak to even lift my head at this point, and I had cried until all my tears had dried up. I had accepted my fate that death would soon come, and my parents had already said their goodbyes. I knew that when they left there that day that it would be the last time I would ever see them, and the sad part is I couldn't even enjoy the last day that I had with them.
Ren had overheard the conversation that Dr. Allen had with my parents as well, but he was in the business of saving lives not losing them. He felt that I was entirely too young to die, and had a different plan for me. He could have just given me vampire blood to heal me that night, but he chose to turn me instead. Ren has never explained to me why he chose me, but he has told me that when the time was right that he would. I am just thankful that I have my second chance at life even though it may not be the one I would have chosen. I have a feeling that it may have something to do with the prophecy, but I'm not sure. I have never questioned Ren about this, because I just figure he will explain it to me when he feels it is time. I feel like that time is near, and I hope that he will decide that I need to know more.
I only slept a few hours the night I died, before things turned for the worse. My breathing became labored, my heart began to slow, and I knew I was going to die. I was so scared when I took my last breath, because there were so many things that I still wanted to explore and accomplish in my life. I died that night thinking that I had lost all those opportunities, only to wake the next day as a vampire with Renfred Davis as my maker. 
I spent the next ten years with him learning how to control my cravings, and I vowed to never feed on humans in gratitude for the gift he had given me. He had given me the chance to accomplish those things I dreamed of. I will be eternally grateful for that, but being a vampire is not all rainbows and butterflies.
So you can just imagine the shock I felt this morning when Emmaline's voice enters my head, and how exciting and scary this is. It is completely awesome to be telepathic, but it is even more so that Emmaline is my soul mate. At first I was excited and then panic sets in. I have only known about the prophecy for a week when I supposedly turn seventeen. There is definite disadvantages in becoming a vampire at a young age, because it means that I have to keep moving so that no one notices that I am not aging. I had to have a birthday here in Great Falls, because Ren has me going to school here under cover. We are trying to discover the maker of all these young newborn vampires, and his hunting ground seems to be all the local high schools.
Ren came to me a week ago with what he said was important business, and we made a visit to Molly's house. Molly is Emmaline's Gran, and the soon-to-be High Priestess of Great Falls' witch coven. She had contacted Ren, because she had found the history book when cleaning out her storage. This book contained the prophecy, and Molly had a vision that Emmaline was going to be the Chosen. She said that she felt as if destiny was already happening. The Five Supernatural Immortals History book says that a Chosen's Soulmate is a vampire, and that all of the five have to be seventeen when they are bound. Since I will never be older than seventeen, Molly felt as if I would be Emmaline's soul mate. Ren was uncharacteristically silent and nearly stoic while Molly explained the prophecy to me. I caught them exchanging knowing glances the whole visit. I think they know a lot more than they are letting on but as for right now what is being revealed is almost more than I can process.
Molly wanted to discuss the signs that were to come to pass with me, so that I wouldn't panic when the gift of telepathy manifested itself. She knew she couldn't discuss the book with Em yet. Emmaline wasn't supernatural, and wouldn't be until her initiation ceremony. According to the rules, the prophecy is not to be discussed with humans or you will be punished by death. Once Em's Initiation Ceremony takes place, we have seventy two hours to complete the soul mate binding. I just feel as if it will become necessary for me to be with her before that time.
She will then become my only life source, which means that I can only live with her blood. I can never feed from anything else, and I will share my mind with her for eternity. I think this is how the whole having a soul after becoming a vampire comes into play. I will give her the gift of telepathy in return. She will be able to hear other's thoughts, but not speak back telepathically like she can with me. We have the soul mate sign, but I am not sure that her marking has appeared. We will have to wait to see if it manifests itself like it should. The Chosen marking should appear the exact time that she was born seventeen years ago, and it is only then that the soul mate marking of the infinity symbol will appear inside her marking, and will mark my left shoulder after we are bound.
I am drowning helplessly in my thoughts as I walk to class, and suddenly, I am almost brought to my knees by Emmaline screaming in my head. “Dravon!” I am surprised how fast she is adjusting to the fact she is telepathic, because even after a week for adjustment I'm still in awe. Ren and Molly have worked with me almost day and night to teach me to block my thoughts with a telepathic wall, because Molly wanted to be sure that if her vision came to pass that I could block Em from finding out any information that would be punishable by death. It is hard to master a telepathic wall when you haven't yet become telepathic, but it is very important that she becomes supernatural, before anything can be revealed to her. I hated to tell Em that I couldn't eat lunch with her, but our lives depend on it. I hurriedly slam that thoroughly-practiced telepathic wall into place, and I hope like hell it will work. This is going to be even harder than Ren or Molly thought possible. I'm starting to feel that aching need for Emmaline to be near.
 I don't have any classes with Emmaline, James, or Sadie, and at this point I am thanking God for small favors. I am on the college football track as my coach calls it. This fact means that my first two periods are football practice. All junior class members have the same lunch period, although I am never in the cafeteria with them.
Unfortunately for me, my lunch doesn't consist of pizza and fries, and this is information that I must keep hidden. I usually spend my lunch period at the top of the mountain or one of my favorite spots near the waterfall, because I need to hunt for my lunch in one of these places. I have all four of my core curriculum classes just like everyone else, but the difference is that I have them in the evenings. I have English III for my third period and Algebra II for my fourth period. Next semester, I will have World history for my third period and Biology II for my fourth, with the only difference being that I have basketball practice for my first two periods instead of Football. The sports count for my electives, and I am ecstatic that they do. I have always loved playing sports, and that is one of the things that make this undercover mission bearable. I have never been interested in taking a class in computer science. I am already a very skilled hacker, with the police record to prove it.
It is an awesome thing that juvenile records are sealed, but then again, none of this matters because it is all part of my cover. Once Ren and I deal with the maker of these newborns I will have to keep moving as I always have. Of course, this was my plan until Ren and Molly dropped the prophecy in my lap. It changes everything, because now it's not just me that I have to worry about. For the first time in a long time, it won't just be me. 
The loneliness that I have experienced for a while now will fade, and it hopefully will be replaced with companionship. I'm not going to get my hopes up for love, because I don't want to get hurt. However, I hope that Emmaline falls in love with me, because it will make this prophecy easier to deal with. I think that I am already falling in love with her, and I thought that before I knew about the prophecy. Now, it just solidifies that feeling of unimaginable happiness. Emmaline will have to adapt to my life of travel, or other plans will have to be made. I will never be able to live my life without her now that I know that she is mine, the other half of me, and her heart beats for us.


Chapter Three               
Emmaline



I am feeling uneasy and a bit queasy at this point in my morning. An overwhelming feeling of anxiety wraps my body in a vice grip. I feel as if it is a good idea to send my Gran a text, because if anything weirder happens, I think I might end up in the loony bin. I just don't know how much more my brain can process. The emotion and unanswered questions that are plaguing my mind are threatening to take over, and I am having increasingly more trouble controlling them. I sneak my phone out of my purse, and I hurriedly send Gran my text as fast as my fingers can type on my phone.
Emmaline: Gran, Can you pick me up from school? Please hurry! I am panicking and we need to talk like, yesterday. You are just not going to believe what has happened to me this morning. I need you Gran. :(
I am just sitting here in English like this is any other normal day waiting on Gran to text me back, when the itching begins again. My left shoulder has itched all morning, but I haven't paid much attention to it until now that it has become very uncomfortable. I think it is bothering me more now, because my nerves are on edge. It feels like my whole body is vibrating from head to toe. Suddenly, my shoulder is not only itching, but it is now on fire. It's almost as if someone has burnt me with scalding water, and now it has become immovable without warning. "Katie, will you look at my shoulder? I don't know what is wrong with it, but it is really hurting me." I anxiously ask the girl that sits behind me in my English class. 
"Em, awesome tattoo! It is really red, but it doesn't look infected. It looks as if it may be hurting, because it is a new tattoo," she replies.
“Dravon! What the hell is on my left shoulder? Oh my God! What is going to happen next? If I sprout some sort of wings out of my ass or something, I promise I will kill you. And you better be listening to me, because I am panicking. I feel like my chest has an elephant sitting on it, and any minute I am going to pass out yet again.”
I am having a full on panic attack now. I jump up out of my seat, and run. I barely hear Mr. Aberman yelling after me, but I don't stop until I reach the girls' restroom. I'm safely inside when I implement the calm breathing techniques that I have learned. I'm desperately trying to stop the panic that is rising in my chest, because I don't want to pass out again or have an asthma attack. If one more thing happens, my sanity will be threatened, I am thinking when Dravon finally answers me.
“What do you mean? What's wrong with your shoulder? Are you okay, Em?”
I hear the panic in Dravon's voice, and it makes me panic more. I'm now sitting on the bathroom floor with my knees hugged to my chest, and I'm crying uncontrollably. Hyperventilation kicks in while trying to communicate with Dravon telepathically. It's not easy to concentrate on what is being said, or what I am trying to say through my thoughts. I use all the control that I have to just breathe through this horrible panic attack. It takes me a few minutes, but I regain enough control to finally communicate with Dravon. 
“I have sent Gran a text to pick me up, because I have been uncomfortable for most of the morning. My shoulder was itching all morning, and it had become increasingly painful, so I asked a girl in my English Class to look at it for me. Imagine my surprise to find out that a freaking tattoo has appeared out of thin air. What the hell is going on?”
“Emmaline, just calm down and try to breathe. It is all going to be okay. I have an idea of what is going on. Do you know what time you were born exactly? What is the tattoo of? It is a good thing that you texted your Gran, because you need her. Where are you Em? I can wait with you until she gets here.”
Dravon is rambling on with what seems like rising anxiety, and that starts to scare me. “I was born at 9:18 a.m. Why? And it is a pentagram for God's sake! I am in the girl's....”
I hear the restroom door open, but I am too embarrassed to look. The next thing I know I am being scooped into arms that fill me with warmth from head to toe, and removed me from the bathroom floor delicately. I slam the telepathic wall into place in mid-sentence, because I am with James and I don't want Dravon to know for some reason. "James, you are in the girls' restroom. How did you know I was here and upset?" I ask. 
"Are you okay, Em?" James asks as he avoids my question by asking his own.


Chapter Four
Molly



I have been sitting at this table since I awoke at five a.m. I'm waiting on Emmaline to contact me. She was born seventeen years ago today, and the book states that her marking will show up at the exact time she was born. I fully expect her to freak out, so I have been anxiously biding my time by reading the Supernatural Immortal's History book. I am convinced that Emmaline is the Chosen.
My job as High Priestess to be initiated in my Coven is to protect and keep track of all books in our underground library. It's my favorite thing in the world because I have loved to read since I was a little girl. I have read almost every book inside that library, or at least I thought I had until Ren contacted me when Dravon moved here. According to Ren's vampire bloodline, when traced back generations, he found that five generations ago a vampire in his bloodline was the Chosen's mate. He had called me a while back to find the book that has been hidden. This vampire wanted to make sure all rules were followed. It's very important for the survival of all supernatural races. Day and night I searched the library looking for that book to no avail.
I remember going to bed one night filled with anxiety because trying to find the book was playing hell with my nerves. That night I had a vision about Emmaline being the Chosen. I awoke in the middle of the night, and immediately went to the library to search our family tree. The vision was so vivid that I didn't even question it. I knew exactly where the family tree book was, because I have read it many times. This time was different though, because located in the back of the book were pages I had never seen. Imagine how surprised I was to find out that my great, great Grandma was a Chosen, and more so to find out that she was still alive. When my grandmother was born, she was supposed to become one as well, because my great, great Grandmother Chloe had lived out her reign. A Chosen can only reign until the next is born and she reaches her seventeenth birthday. There is only so much magic you can do before your body wears out and your magic is lost.
My grandmother, Claire, was the first generation to not produce a Chosen, because she never believed in magic at all. She never had her initiation ceremony into a coven, and her markings never appeared. It's a big mystery as to why this happened. Since she was not supernatural, her grandmother, Chloe, could never tell her about the prophecy. It would have been punishable by death, so she lived out her life and died as a mortal human.
When my mother was born, she also lived her life as a human. I was not raised to believe in magic, but somehow destiny has a way of making things happen. My best friend belonged to the witch coven I am to become High Priestess of now, and she introduced me to magic. I converted and Paganism became my religion. I could do magic as a human, but I could not be introduced to any other supernatural beings. I would only learn about them later in my life. I completed an initiation ceremony into the coven as a human at twelve-year-old.
When I turned seventeen something miraculous happened, I received my markings. Miraculous to me that is, because I didn't know I was supposed to receive markings. I completed my initiation ceremony as a true witch, and then the whole supernatural world was revealed to me. My grandmother couldn't become my Keeper because she never knew she was a Chosen. I have always been a less powerful witch than other witches, but I never knew why. I never found my soul mate either, but I never knew I was supposed to find him. I didn't know I was supposed to be a Chosen, because Chloe hid the book when Claire didn't become one. The book will only reveal itself for a Chosen to read it in its entirety.
I didn't have this information when I did the locator spell a week ago, but I now know that this is the reason why said spell worked. I was supposed to have been a Chosen. Once the book was located, I read and reread it, so as to not miss anything. I called Ren and we discussed the book in detail then deciding that it would be best to train Dravon. Ren started bringing Dravon to my house to learn how to block his thoughts from Emmaline, until she can complete her initiation ceremony. I also know now that Ren definitely knows more than he has ever told me or Dravon. He has promised to take me to meet Chloe when it is safe, but first things first is Emmaline's initiation ceremony, her birthday party, and my Keeper ceremony.
The chirping of my cell phone interrupts my thoughts and reading. I look at the text, already knowing who sent it. I put on my jacket and lock my door before I even text Emmaline back. I hurry to my car, and once inside my new midnight blue Camaro I look at my text and reply. 
Molly: I am on my way Emmaline. Please, calm down!
Emmaline: Ty. Gran. I will be out front.
I am pulling out of my driveway when I receive another text. 
Unknown: We need to speak! It is urgent!
I am trying to decide if I should reply. Who could this be? What could this be about? How did this person get my number? I finally decide it is better to reply then to worry excessively. 
Molly: Who is this?
Unknown: Grayson Davenport
Molly: Are you related to James?
Grayson: Yes, I am his father. We need to speak immediately!
Molly: I will meet you at 2 pm at the park. What is this about?
Grayson: I'll be there. It's better if we speak in person.
When I arrive at the front door of Great Falls High, Emmaline is outside in the arms of James. She is tightly hugged to his chest. He is holding her like she is a feather. At this point, things are starting to fall right into place. I am so excited, because it is all happening. I know what Grayson wants to talk about now, and it's all starting to make sense. There is only one more thing that is a puzzle to me, but I don't have time to think about that.
James carries Emmaline to the car. "Hello, Ms. Layton, how are you?" James sits her in the passenger seat, and fastens her seat belt carefully. 
"James, it's Molly or Gran. Are you coming to Em's party tonight?" I ask. 
"Yes, Molly, I will be there," James answers, looking at Emmaline. "Em, Am I still escorting you to your Gran’s for your party tonight?" 
Emmaline looks at me for confirmation of our plans for tonight, and I know she is not able to answer him. She looks utterly exhausted, like she has run a marathon. 
"Yes, James, I think you still need to give Em a ride to the house, because I have a few things to take care of before the party," I reply. 
He smiles at Emmaline and releases her hand. He carefully closes the car door, and waits until my car is out of sight before he goes back inside.
Emmaline is asleep before we are halfway to my cabin. I hurriedly text Ren so that he can let Dravon know where she is. I don't want a crazed, lovesick vampire panicking inside school. Somehow, I just don't think that will end well. 
Molly: Ren please let Dravon know that Emmaline is with me. I am taking her to the cabin, so I can try to explain. I have a meeting with Grayson Davenport at 2pm at the park. I don't have time to explain why, but it is all coming together. 
Ren: I will let him know, be careful, and keep me informed. I was just getting ready to text you. I take it that you already know, but the signs are there. Dravon has texted me verifying this fact. I will have him there tonight, so we can complete the necessary actions. He is going to need her sooner than we anticipated.
Molly: Yes, I know, but she hasn't told me fully. I will arrange the appropriate gathering, and let you know what time.
Ren: Ty Molly.
I awake Emmaline when we arrive at my little cabin in the woods, near the underground library. She is startled and is looking around nervously. I pat her hand to give her some reassurance. I make my way around to her side of the car and help her stand. 
"Oh, My God! Gran, what is going on?" she asks before we are even inside. 
"Let's get inside Em, and I will explain," I reply calling her by the pet name I gave her when she was born.
I hurry to the stove and heat some water to make tea, while Emmaline sits at the table. "Oh, Em, I am so sorry I couldn't tell you before. I know that you're upset at me, but please understand. I will explain all of this to you as soon as the rest of the Coven is here to witness your initiation ceremony. If you accept this life, I will be able to tell you more," I start to explain. 
"What do you mean by this life, Gran?" she asks me puzzled, but doesn't wait for a reply before she is anxiously letting it all out. "Listen Gran, I don't know what the hell is going on, but what I do know is that I have a freaking pentagram on my back. I woke up this morning just fine, and took a left turn detour into wackville. I know you are not going to believe a damn thing I'm saying, but I am telepathic. Well, I am telepathic with one person, Gran. The one person that I would have never expected, and do you want to guess whom? Dravon Riley, that is who!" she says all in one breath, exasperated. 
"Emmaline, I do believe you, and this is all the way it is supposed to be. There are certain rules you must follow now. Your parents can never know about this life, because if you tell them it can and will be punishable by death. The pentagram is supposed to be there, Em. May I please look at your back?" I ask.
Emmaline turns around so that I can raise her shirt, and there at the bottom inside the circle next to the fifth point of the pentagram is a unity symbol. 
I am so happy at this point I am almost in tears, and I grab Emmaline and just hug her tightly. "Em, I can't tell you anymore just yet. I have a few things I need to do. I will drop you off at your place, but you need to just be patient. It will all be explained soon. I need you to not contact Dravon, because he is already aware of the situation. Can you do that for me, Em?" I ask. I know that I am asking a lot of her, but I have no choice but to follow the rules. 
"Sure, Gran. I will do my best," she replies smiling at me.
When I see her smile, I know in my heart she is going to be fine.


Chapter Five
Emmaline



There I was snuggled up to James like I was seeking shelter in a terrible storm when Gran arrived. I was so comfortable I didn't want him to ever let go. I was surprised that I fell asleep during the car ride to Gran's cabin that I didn't even know existed. I still don't have any answers, but somehow, I feel more at ease now that I know my Gran is with me every step of the way, no matter what this journey is.
The ride to the condominium was much like the ride to the cabin, except I was awake. I notice a moving van when we approach my driveway. I get out of the car, and the first thing I see is a young guy. He looks to be my age. I wave bye to Gran as I walk up the drive. I know that he has noticed me, because he continues to look at me out of the corner of his eye. I am not particularly excited by this thought, because I just feel like something just isn't right. 
I carry that feeling upstairs and climb into bed, because I think I really need some rest. Today has already been like two lifetimes to me.



Chapter Six
James



My seventeenth birthday was two weeks ago. I can't believe that it took that long for me to discover who I am, and to meet my parents for the first time. I say the first time because it is the only time I can remember. They sent me away to live with my grandma when I was three, because I wouldn't have my first change until I turned seventeen. I couldn't be a part of their supernatural world until then. I am a Canis Lupus Nubilus, which means that I am a Great Plains wolf. This means I am a werewolf, but an unusual one because I don't turn hairy every full moon. What it means is that I become a wolf when I choose, or I can call on any of my wolf senses when needed. I am thankful to the witches for that gift. I don't want to have to change every full moon, and with their magic that is possible.
I know now that is the reason why my grandma and I moved here. It was to meet up with the pack, but my grandma doesn't know that tad bit of information. My mother is half wolf, because she got the gene from her father but not my grandmother. My mother has never met her father, and because he didn't know that a half-breed could still be a wolf he left her. My grandma and she lived by themselves until she met my father. It was either pure luck or destiny that my father found her when they were sixteen. Their bonding brought forth my mother's wolf gene, and a few years later I came along.
My father, Grayson Davenport, is Alpha of the Canis Lupus Nubilus pack in Montana, which of course means my mother Lily is Omega of the pack. My mother is the only half-breed, so they didn't know what would happen when I turned seventeen and left me for my grandma to raise. I am three-fourths wolf, and one-fourth human. They didn't know if I would turn or not, since my mother and I are the exceptions to the rule. It may take mating to bring forth my gene also.
It has been very strange since I met them. I love them because they are my parents, but I am just now getting to know them. I mean it is weird to wake up one day, and realize that your parents didn't desert you because they didn't love you. They did it to protect you, so that you wouldn't be put to death. Of course now, I am torn between the parents that I want to get to know and the woman who loved and raised me. I know that I will have to leave soon to protect her, but it is killing me inside. I have already had my first turn on the night of my seventeenth birthday, because I didn't know what was happening to me.
Emotions play a major part in uncontrollable changes. I know I can just call on my wolf senses when I need them, like the rest of the pack now. I wished I would have known this first and foremost, because it would have saved me that painful change and the anxiety that came with it. My gran can never find this out. I have to train very hard to learn the discipline to control my emotions, so that I won't turn without choosing to do so.
My father wants me to finish out school here in Great Falls, but I don't know why. I would think that he would want me to get to know the pack. He has left his Beta Connor close to protect me, and see to it that I get to school while my father attends to pack business. Everything was going along smoothly, and then out of nowhere life threw me yet another curve ball. It's not like finding out I was a wolf wasn't enough for me to deal with already.
This morning I was on my way to the bus, where I met up with Emmaline like every other morning, when something strange happened. Em passed out, and I caught her before she hit the ground. It was different though, because when I touched her this time there was a tingling sensation that went from my head to my toe. I felt warm and content, and I had never felt that amazing before. I comforted her, and settled on the bus next to her all the way to school, trying to figure out what had just happened. It wasn't until first period when things just kept detouring into ultimate craziness.
I am sitting in first period listening to Mr. Hall talk about the Civil War, when I am literally pulled up out of my seat with an extreme urgency that I can't possibly deny my body. I am almost sprinting toward the classroom door before I even know I have vacated my seat. There is an overwhelming urgency that threatens to overwhelm and almost cause me to falter on every step I take. I have no idea where I am going, nor do I know what's so urgent. It's like my body is on auto pilot. I am in the girls' bathroom holding Emmaline snug to my chest before it even registers where I am. When I hear her speak to me, I'm literally shocked that she is in my arms. 
"James, you are in the girls' restroom.  How did you know I was here and upset?" she asks. 
Instead of answering her question, I reply with my own.  "Are you okay, Emmaline?" I ask. 
"Yes James, I am okay. I need to make it to the senior parking lot, because my Gran is picking me up."
I have no idea why or what has come over me, but I carry Em through the hall not caring who sees. I am securely holding her on the sidewalk while we silently and patiently wait on her Gran, and the whole time I hold her snug to my chest listening to her calming breaths. 
The entire time that I hold her that warm, tingly, comfortable feeling is there enveloping me in the most contentment that I have ever experienced. I have no idea how to explain in words what I'm feeling, but soon as her gran picks her up I need to text my dad. Something strange is happening, and my newly attuned wolf is picking up on it. I also need to have an overdue conversation with Emmaline. How do you explain something as strange as this occurrence to someone that has been your friend for multiple years? I mean, my thoughts sound crazy to me. What will it sound like to her? Will she think I’m a lunatic? I think it is inevitable at this point.
Once Emmaline is safely in the car, and they have driven out of sight I don't feel that overwhelming urgency anymore. I know that I need to text my dad, but I need to clear my thoughts so that I can have a coherent conversation with him. I have always loved books, because reading has always been my comforting action. I just sit down with a book and get lost in the characters' story. I forget all about my own troubles for a while, but reality soon comes crashing back down. 
I am on my way to the library when I collide with Sadie. My heartbeat quickens as it always does when she is near. 
"James, I was wondering where you went. I mean you left English like the building had just combusted into flames," she says with a smirk. 
"I wasn't feeling too good, and I thought I was going to be sick," I say half-heartedly, knowing I'm telling a lie. "I ran into Emmaline in the hall, and she wasn’t feeling well either. Her Gran picked her up." I continue the conversation and steer her away from questioning me further. Sadie has a way of getting me to tell her things I would normally keep to myself. 
"I didn't know you guys were sick. I hope I don't catch it," she says. 
I almost laugh because she looks so concerned, but I hold back. "I need to return a book quickly, and then I will meet you in second period," I say so that I can escape to the library. I turn, heading for the library in the quickest pace I can muster while Sadie's eyes bore a whole in the back of my head with her questioning stare.
I pass the librarian, and she just smiles at me. I am in here so much she never fusses about me ditching class. I think she knows I just need the solitude, and I am a straight A student so there is no need to worry about my grades. I make my way to the poetry section which is my favorite one of the library, and I just slide down on the floor in exhaustion from the morning events, with overwhelming questions plaguing my mind. I take calming breaths; practicing the technique I am being taught. The last thing that I need to do is change here. I feel my fingernails trying to lengthen, and I feel that itchiness that takes over when I turn. It's a few minutes before I am comfortable enough to send my dad a text. Something about the library, mainly the poetry section, always has that calming effect on me that I so desperately need this morning.
James: Father, there is something weird going on.
Grayson: Son, What is it?
James: I really don't know how to explain it. There is this girl that lives near me. Emmaline Watson. This morning she passed out, and when I caught her I felt this tingling, warm sensation all over my body. She was upset later in the bathroom, and it was like my body took over. I was in the girls' bathroom with her in my arms before I even knew it. Is this part of the senses?
Grayson: Yes, something like that son. Don't worry. I will explain everything later. Come straight to the normal meeting place after school.
James: Yes, Father.
I close my phone, and lean my head against the large bookshelf. I take some steadying breaths before I have to contemplate even going to class. I am dreading this with extreme passion, until Sadie crosses my mind. I love Sadie, and I have for a while. That is why all this is so confusing to me. Emmaline is my close friend, but there has never been any other feelings than that between us. I push all those thoughts to the back of my mind, and I am determined to make the best of the rest of my day. My father will answer all my questions later. I hope anyway. I know in my heart that I am madly in love with Sadie, so there has to be some other explanation for the way that I am feeling about Em.


Chapter Seven
Molly



I arrive at the park, and Grayson is sitting on the picnic table. He is six feet 3 inches tall with a muscular build to die for. He has blue eyes that resemble James's. The resemblance between father and son is actually uncanny. My heart quickens a bit in apprehension as I take in his appearance. He has a sharp jawline that makes his handsome face look rugged, but also screams seriousness. I can tell by his body language, he is used to being heard and getting everything he demands. He has the bearing of someone not used to anyone saying no. I already have an idea of what he wants to talk about. 
He greets me with a handshake, and motions for me to take a seat. "First thing, you already know that I am James's Father. I want to know how you know."
I pull out the book with a smirk, and he immediately is smiling a smug smile. "I take it you know what this book is?" I ask. 
He pulls off his shirt, exposing hard rippling abs that almost take my breath away, and to my surprise reveals his marking. It is a beautiful wolf inside a pentagram, and I automatically know that he is Alpha of the pack that is to produce Emmaline's Protector, just as I had expected. I am relieved to see his marking, but I'm ready to discuss business.
"Grayson, Emmaline's initiation ceremony is tonight after her birthday celebration. Her soul mate has already revealed himself. I will let you know who that is at the ceremony. I am Emmaline's Gran and her Keeper. It's my job to protect her until James's binding ceremony is complete. I am inviting you to be at my cabin tonight at eight p.m. I know that his ceremony has to be completed under the moon. That is where the other ceremonies will take place tonight as well. I would like to get the Protector one completed with the others." I write down directions to the cabin, and hand them to him, smiling politely. 
"I will have James there at eight. I will have my pack pull back, and they will stay in the woods. His mother and I will be present. I'm sure that won't be a problem, correct?" he asks demandingly. 
"It is not a problem as long as no one tries to interrupt this ceremony. We will work united on this!" I say just as demanding.
I don't want any trouble, because I want everything to go perfectly. This can be the answer to the peace that our races need. I will accept nothing less than perfection on this. I will do everything in my power to ensure this night goes as perfectly as it should. 
I am on my way home when I suddenly realize I have forgotten to text Ren. I rummage through the console of the Camaro looking for my phone. I really shouldn't be texting while driving, but this needs to be completed.
Molly: Ren, everything went fine. I am safe. Emmaline's birthday party starts at 6 p.m. at the house. We will then proceed to the cabin where her initiation begins at 7 p.m. which will include the Keeper part. You know where the cabin is already. Dravon's and her part will begin at 7:30 p.m. Once theirs is finished I will need you and Dravon to leave. I have found the Protector, and that ceremony will begin at 8 p.m., when the moon first comes up. Be at the cabin promptly at 7:30 p.m.!
Ren: This is exciting news, Molly! I will be there! Why can't we be there for the Protector ceremony?
Molly: That is not something we can discuss on the phone, but let's just say that there is a racial difference. There is still one person that hasn't been revealed, and hopefully that will happen soon.
Ren: I do, too! We need this to work! I will be there.


Chapter Eight
Sadie



I am utterly relieved that school is finally coming to an exhausting end at this point. Everyone is acting nine kinds of weird today. First thing this morning when I boarded the bus, I could automatically tell something was definitely transpiring between Em and James. I also happened to notice that Dravon wasn't acting his snide self today.
Then Em drops a bombshell on us that Dravon is eating lunch with us, while she scurries away without another word. I haven't seen her since, and the only time I have spoken to James was after first period, when he jumped up like someone lit a fire under his ass and sprinted out the door. James didn't show up for lunch either, which leads me to the conclusion that they are together, or they know something they aren't revealing to me.
Emmaline and I have been best friends since we were twelve. I believe that whatever is happening has her utterly overwhelmed and confused, or she would be calling. I would think that she would at least text me. I don't know what is happening. Since when did I become the worry wart of the bunch? That is normally Em's job, but for some reason intuition is screaming that something just isn't up to par. I need to talk to Em, so that I can return to some semblance of normalcy. 
I can feel my heart pounding, threatening to cause a heart attack or an anxiety attack. I personally don't want to experience either one, so the faster that I speak with Em the better. I can't explain this feeling of overwhelming need to protect her, and shield her from whatever it is that is occurring at this moment. I finally can't take this anxiety anymore, so I text her on this screaming bus ride home.
Sadie: Em, Wtf. I need you to text me ASAP. What is going on? I'm panicking here, and I'm about to have to check myself into the loony bin if you don't hurry up and explain what the deal is.
A bit dramatic, I know, but I have to figure this out before her birthday party tonight. It suddenly hits me that I didn't ask James if he could also pick me up for Em's party tonight. I’ve reached my house, so I have to exit the bus before I can send him a text. I automatically notice there is an unfamiliar car in my driveway. That is not an unusual occurrence with my mom's reputation, but for some reason this particular car makes my blood run cold. Gah, what is wrong with me? I busy myself trying to find my phone that I conveniently have lost in the bottom of my seemingly bottomless bag, so I can text James. Maybe he can pick me up early, because I have an eerie feeling that whoever is inside is bad news.
Hands grasp me from behind, and something hits me over the head, putting me on the ground in a matter of a second. The taste of blood, bitter and metallic, tells me I almost bit through my tongue when I was hit from behind. Icy fear grips my insides and overtakes my body. I can feel the darkness threatening to take over, even though I am struggling with every ounce of my energy to stay lucid. I try desperately through blurred vision to find my phone that was knocked from my hand. I need to get that text to James. I can hear the ringtone alerting me that Em has texted back, but the darkness takes over before I can locate my phone.
I awake in a completely dark room with an excruciatingly painful headache, and I immediately reach back to rub the place where it is throbbing. My hands return with a sticky substance that smells very metallic, and I automatically know that the hit I took to the back of the head has done some damage. I put my hand in front of my face, trying to squint in the dark to assess the damage, and to confirm the fact that I already know. There is blood all over my hand. I can't see a damn thing though, and this fact frustrates the hell out of me. I have never in my entire life felt as helpless as I feel at this moment. Panic is rising up in my chest, threatening to take over. I gulp back the sobs attempting to escape my throat, and force back tears that are stinging my eyes, willing myself to stay calm and not let the panic take over. The room is a spinning ball of blackness.
Boys and girls, it's at this point in the story that things get a hell of a lot more weird, I mean like nine kinds of crazy. Is that even possible at this point? Besides the fact that I can't see shit, I run my hand across the cement floor trying to make out exactly what my situation is at this time. I am trying to figure out where I am at. I reach out in front of my face, feeling around me, when my hand collides with metal. I run my hand up and down the metal bar when I hear a voice that causes me to jump out of my skin. 
"You are in a makeshift cell. There is no use to even try to escape. You're ours darling, until we get her," he says.
I can almost hear the smirk in his voice. "Where the hell am I? Who in the freaking world are you, and who are you talking about? I guess the real question is why in the hell do you need me to find my mom?" I ask in a very pissed voice that borders on a full scream. It slowly dawns on me that I am cursing my kidnapper out, but I'm beyond frightened and livid at this point to worry whether I'm cursing or not. I'm almost sure that this has something to do with my mother, and I hope that this assumption is correct. My intuition is telling me a whole different story that I am refusing to listen to at this moment, because it is so much easier to just focus on my mom. I feel hysterical when I even entertain the idea that this has something to do with Em or James. I mean my mother has a stellar reputation. Not! This seems like the logical thoughts that I should be having, right?
"Listen! Darling, you know all you need to know at this point," he answers.
I feel something over my mouth. I gasp but quickly smell the chloroform, so before I lose consciousness, I make a decision that when I wake again I’ll try figuring out how he made his way into this cell. Clouded vision is replaced by darkness as I start to lose consciousness even though I struggle to hold my breath to postpone the inevitable.
When I awake I hear muffled voices. My eyes feel like they are glued shut, and my head feels like it has been split in two with a sledge-hammer. I try to lay silently, even though my body is totally wracked with intolerable pain. I struggle to quiet the cries of pain that are desperately trying to escape my lips, but I can't stop the tears, so I just let them run down my cheeks. I don't even try to wipe them away. I need to hear every word they are saying to each other, so maybe I can finally figure out what the hell is happening to me.
"We have a few more hours before the initiation ceremony, so please make sure Drew is ready for this." I recognize the voice of the man that was talking to me earlier. 
"We have this under control Jasper." This comes from a different man's voice that is deeper than the first and filled with more malice. 
"I hope Liam scopes out Emmaline's place, and he keeps her movements under tabs. He needs to follow her to the gathering. This whole situation is based on him following through with said plan," Jasper says almost frustrated. 
I am in full-blown panic mode now. Oh my God! They are after Em, but Jesus, why? What could they possibly want with her? She is nothing like my mother. God, I have to get out of here. I make like a snail so as not to attract attention to the fact that I am awake. I try to reach in my pocket to fish around to locate the bobby pin that I know is in my pants, when I hear footsteps coming towards me.
"Sweetheart, if you are looking for a way to pick the lock, there isn’t a reason to search further. We have already confiscated your bobby pin. It really is a lost cause, and if you behave yourself you will get to escape this ordeal unscathed. We just want her," Jasper says so confidently. 
I stop my furtive moving, and listen intently to his close footsteps. 
"Now behave. I will let Kacey here come in there and tend to that nasty head wound of yours, but under one circumstance. You have to promise me you will not try to escape. I promise if you try that it will be the most horrible idea that you have ever entertained. You will definitely pay for that particular betrayal. Do you understand me, Sadie?" he asks me after his long spiel. 
"Yes!" I say a little too aggressively.
The cell opens and someone enters, but again, I'm still in total darkness. I can't make out where the person is coming from, or if they mean me any harm. I feel a warm wet cloth being rubbed on my face, and it feels good to have the dried blood and grime washed from me. I can only assume that it’s Kacey taking care of me. She is very gentle, and smells sweetly of Cherry Blossom perfume. It almost makes me tear up, because that's the exact perfume Em and I bought last week at the mall. 
"I'm going to have to wash your hair to get all the blood out, and I know this is going to be unpleasant. I am sorry for any pain that I cause you, so please stay still so I can minimize the brunt of it. I need you to tilt your head back, so that I don't get it in your eyes," says Kacey sweetly. 
All I can muster to do is nod my head, and I wonder how she sees in this complete darkness. Wait! Why hadn't I noticed that they can see me in this darkness? How is that even possible? I want her to answer these questions that I am utterly curious about, but I guess I will have to wait for my next chance, because I hear Kacey's quiet footsteps walking away leaving me alone in this dreaded darkness once again. She has already finished washing my hair before I even know she has started. I wonder when I will have a chance to ask her any questions. I just roll on my side and let out a sigh of defeat as I let the tears I’ve been holding back finally take over and flow freely down my face, and before long they turn into full blown body-shaking sobs. I am terrified of what might happen to Em, and I am filled with guilt that I can't warn her of the danger.




Chapter Nine
James



I meet my dad at the normal place on River's Edge Trail. It is a little off the path so that we won't be spotted. "Listen, James, this will all be explained soon, but I am going to just tell you straight out. We don't have time to sugar coat the hard truth," he says but doesn't pause to give me time to process what is being said.
"The Ultimate Five will be explained to you further at the ceremony at Emmaline's Gran's cabin, but for now I will give you a necessary quick rundown. I don't have time to explain about the ceremony. You will just have to trust me. Emmaline is a part of this Five. She is actually a very powerful part, because she is the Chosen. And no I don't have time to explain what the Chosen is, or what any of this means. Please just listen carefully and trust me that all will be revealed. Molly, her Gran, is her Keeper which means that she is or is to become the High Priestess of the Chosen's coven. And to make things a tad more difficult, to say the least, Emmaline has a Soulmate that she will discover and be bound to at this ceremony." He pauses to check to see if I am still following, and when I begin to open my mouth to speak he raises his hand signaling for me to remain quiet and listen.
"The answer to the question you were going to ask is Dravon’s her soulmate. He is also a vampire, and we have been asked to remain civil even though the vampires and wolves history tell a gruesome tale of two species that don't play well together." He thought for a moment. "Em that is what you call her? A nickname? Correct?"
"Yes, it is short for her name," I say puzzled that this is not already understood.
"Em will need to absorb a lot of information at this ceremony, and one of those things is that you’re a wolf, and you are to be her Protector. That is why you have those feelings around her. The need to protect her is so overwhelming for a number of reasons. One of them being that it comes natural to our wolves to fiercely protect our pack, because we will stop at nothing to make sure the pack is safe. The second of those reasons being that she is a witch; that centuries ago our kind were chosen to protect, and these reasons are amplified when you sprinkle a little witch magic in with the over-protective nature and fierce loyalty of our wolf pack. This mixture gives an almost impossible combination. This has happened for generations, so it is nothing new. We don't have a lot of time for questions just now, so I hope that I am explaining everything to be understood, as well as can be on such short notice and time frame. Long story made short, there hasn't been an Ultimate Five in a long while due to circumstances that will later be explained."
"Chloe, Molly's great-great grandmother was a Chosen, which will be explained in further detail at the ceremony. She was bound to a vampire named Asher who was her Soulmate. My great-great grandfather Jameson, whom you are named after, was Chloe's Protector. Seraphina was Chloe's grandmother, Keeper, and High Priestess of the same Coven that Emmaline is going to be part of soon. A pixie named Aaryanna was Chloe's Healer. The Ultimate Five happens every other generation, but for some reason it hasn't happened in the last two. We are going to great lengths to make sure that it succeeds this generation. The supernatural world depends on it, son. Our very lives will cease to exist if it doesn't," my dad says quickly, just as nervous as I feel.
"There is only one of the Ultimate Five that has not revealed herself. That particular person will be her Healer. We have an idea of whom that may be, but until that person is able to reveal, himself/herself, we just have to wait for confirmation. This is all I have time to explain at this point son." He pats me on my shoulder.
My head is spinning from the huge amount of information that was just dumped in my lap, and my father is waiting patiently for me to gather my thoughts. I am Emmaline's Protector. What does that entail? Oh my God! What about Sadie? I love her and I can't give her up. I have no problem being Em's Protector, but I do have a problem giving Sadie up. Wait! Just hold on James, get it together! He just said that Dravon and Em will be bound together, because they're soul mates. "Dad, I understand what you are saying, but couldn't destiny have picked her a better Soulmate for her?" I ask.
"Dravon Riley is who destiny has chosen. Who are we to question this?"
"What? It’s our life, and we have a right to question what is best for us. She doesn't like him at all. How can you be bound to someone you can't stand?" I ask worriedly.
"Son, she doesn't have a choice in the matter. This is what it is destined to be."
"I don't have a problem with being Em's Protector. She is my best friend, and we talk to each other about everything. We have been close for a long while now, but Dad, I have to be honest here. How will she or I be able to accept that she has a Soulmate that she can't stand? What does that even mean? A Soulmate? I love her, Dad, but I am not even in love with her. How does my being her Protector even work if I am not in love with her?"
"Son, this is where I tell you to calm down. Destiny has a way of working itself out. What is meant to be will always find a way. Unfortunately, if you were destined to be her Soulmate you wouldn't have a choice of loving her, but you aren't. You are just destined to be her Protector, and her healer's Soulmate."
"So you are saying that Dravon won't have a choice whether to love her? Will she have a choice to love him?" I ask.
"Son, please do not worry. You will see. At the ceremony, you will recognize a love between them that you will think isn't possible. Love is very sneaky. It is said that love can be found in the least expected places."
It's at this part of the conversation when warning bells are going off loudly in my head. My heart begins to hammer loudly in my chest. Sadie is the love of my life, and I can't even think about going one day without seeing her, much less think about having to go a lifetime destined to be with someone else. I think my dad can sense the anxiety that has peaked in me, and his sensitive ears can hear the fierce, fast pounding of my heart, and the devastation on my face couldn't be hidden with a mask.
"Son, as I said earlier the Healer hasn't been revealed as of yet, but we have somewhat of an idea of who it may be. Please don't worry, because I have a sneaky suspicion that your beloved Sadie is just the girl. I need to do some more research on her family lineage. I think that Ms. Sadie may have some pixie blood in her. I will start with Aryanna and trace backwards and forwards until I know a definite answer, so before you panic please allow me to do so. Is that a deal?"
"Yes, that is a deal, Dad," I say and feel somewhat relieved. You can call it intuition or whatever, but I think my dad is correct. Why else would I feel the way I do about Sadie? I am more at ease now that we have formulated a plan, and I know that one way or another it is going to work out. I will be with Sadie. Destiny be damned, but for some reason I think destiny is on my side in this matter.


Chapter Ten
Emmaline



I'm startled awake by the sound of breaking glass. Was I just dreaming? I lay there as quietly as I can while I listen, and the only thing I hear now is my heavy, labored breathing and then I hear nothing but silence. I must have been dreaming, I think to myself, but I can't shake the feeling that something is definitely wrong. I have an overwhelming feeling of dread, but I try to dismiss that feeling thinking that it has been brought on by a dream that I can't seem to remember. I roll over on my side and look at the alarm clock, and I'm immediately anxious. 
I jump from the bed like a crazed lunatic, because it’s already 4:45 p.m. James will be here soon and I still have to shower. I stumble to the closet, still in somewhat of a daze, to pick out an outfit to wear to my party, and in the closet hanging on the door is a beautiful lavender dress with a sequined bodice. It is strapless, long enough to reach to the ground, and flares out with a slight lace ruffle. It's beautiful in that breath-taking way. 
Lying on the floor of my closet, beneath the dress, is a pair of lavender strap sandals with an inch thick heel with sparkling tiny sequins on them as well, and to the right of my closet sits my desk with the most beautiful amethyst bracelet, necklace, and earrings sitting on top. The necklace is a locket outlined in amethyst jewels with a picture of my Gran and me. The bracelet is white gold with an amethyst charm, and the earrings match both. There is a letter setting near them, and I hurriedly make my way to the desk with tears in my eyes, while picking up the letter. I read the letter with my heart beating in my ears, and I quickly find out that this is all from my Gran.
Em,
I thought that it was fitting that you look like a princess tonight. I hope that you will decide to at least wear them to humor me. I think that you will look breathtakingly beautiful. My dearest Emmaline, you are growing up on me, and becoming a young woman that fills my heart with proudness. Your life is about to change forever, but know that I am always with you, dear. I will never leave you, and please believe that everything is going to work out.
Love always,
Gran
I am too engrossed in the dress, accessories, and Gran's letter to think about the dream or the lack thereof. I busy myself collecting the body wash, lotion, and perfume of Cherry Blossom that Sadie and I just bought last week when we were at the mall. I make my way to the bathroom to run a bubble bath, because if I am going to be pampered tonight, I am going to start by pampering myself.
“Em, are you ready for tonight?” I hear Dravon's voice while I am lowering myself into the bathtub. I automatically turn nine shades of red, if that is even possible. I know he can't see me, but something about hearing Dravon and then thinking of him just does something to my body. I don't realize that I am broadcasting these thoughts until he answers me.
“Actually, Em, I can see what you see through your eyes. That is how this whole telepathy works. I will leave you alone now, since I know that you are exposed.”
Oh, dear baby Jesus, Dravon has just seen me naked! I am a scarlet shade of red, but I hurriedly finish up my bath even though I had planned on pampering myself. I was so embarrassed that he had seen me indecent that I just couldn't enjoy the luxury of a bath. I am hurriedly drying my body like a mad woman when I hear a knock on the door downstairs, and I hear a chirp from my phone. It's Sadie, so I hurriedly text her back after I read her meltdown, while I am running to the door with a towel wrapped around me. I nearly break my neck almost falling down the stairs.
Emmaline: Everything is okay, Sadie. I will explain when James and I pick you up in a few minutes.
James is standing at my door when I jerk it open standing there in nothing but my towel with my phone in my hand. God, could I do anything more embarrassing at this point? My cheeks immediately heat up as he takes in my attire, or lack thereof. "Hey James," I say, hurriedly running back towards the stairs. I hear him shut the door and take a seat on the sofa near the stairs as I enter my room. God Em, how many more people are going to see you naked today? Frantically, I yank on my dress nearly tearing it, pulling my head through the neck, and as I am doing so I am rudely interrupted once more.
“Exactly who else is seeing you naked?” 
I am so startled by Dravon's voice that I drop my high heel shoe on my big toe, causing me to curse out loud. "Damn it." I hear James taking the stairs two at a time, and already the overwhelming tingling starts. What the hell? Am I really losing it? I hear a knock at the door and I ignore Dravon opening the door for James.
"James, are you ready?" I ask as he enters the room. 
"Yeah, anytime you are. Are you okay?" He stares at me intently. 
"Yes, I stubbed my toe, nothing major." I smile shyly.
As we drive to Sadie's I have an overwhelming feeling something is wrong, but I am trying very hard to dismiss it. We pull into the driveway to see her mom standing in the yard. Before I can step out of the car, her mom yells at me as she heads through the front door. 
"The whore left with some guy." 
I am utterly shocked, although I shouldn’t be, because at this point anything this woman says shouldn't even faze me. I shut my door, look over at James, and I can see the frenzied worried look come over his face, quickly replaced with anger by the words he just heard.
James drives towards my Gran's house and neither one of us notice the black BMW following us at first. James spots it but the BMW stays just far enough back that he isn’t concerned. It’s not until later that I find out who is driving the BMW. It is the neighbor guy I had seen moving in next door. I remember he had that look of a guy about to make a move on me, but James was there and the wolf smell deterred him.  
We make it to Gran’s without incident, and she is waiting in the driveway for us. We follow her to the cabin; since I was so panicked earlier I can't remember the way. Fifteen minutes later we are at the beautiful cabin. I hadn't noticed its beauty the last time I visited. The cabin was built with cherry wood that has the simple, fine, and closed grain look of maple. It has a porch swing that is made of the same cherry wood that I also hadn't noticed before.
Gran hurries us towards the cabin before I can take in anymore scenery. She is in a hurry, scurrying around, and collecting things from the house. She gathers candles, lighter, Athame, and what looks like a beautiful robe of some kind. I don't have much time to ask questions. Gran rushes around, and we are bundled through the woods before I know it. James is at my side, and I can feel tension rolling off of him. "James, are you okay?" I ask, but I already know that he and I are experiencing the same feelings at this moment. We are both extremely worried about Sadie. 
"Em, where is she?" he asks, and I can almost hear a whimper in his voice.

 
Chapter Eleven
Molly 



I am waiting on Em and James when they arrive, so that we can make the journey to the cabin. It only takes fifteen minutes to arrive, and I am so nervous I hurry from the car. Em is looking at me puzzled, and I can smell the anxiousness rolling off James like a tidal wave. I sneak a quick gaze at James. He is chewing on his bottom lip with what I can only describe as the most pained expression I have ever seen. I wonder what is causing the pain I see, when it comes to my attention that Sadie is missing.
"James, are you okay?" Em asks in a panicked whisper. 
"Em, where is she?” he asks with an animalistic whimper.
"Sadie?" I ask worriedly. "Gran, I don't know. We went to her house, and her mom said she had left with some man. That isn't at all like her." 
"I am really worried, and I have this feeling of doom. It's almost like my heart hurts since she is not here," James says shyly.
"There is danger on the horizon, I can feel a storm brewing on the surface," I say worriedly.
If Sadie is missing that means that something is amiss. What is going on? Someone is trying to stop this initiation. That means we are all in danger, and we are limited on time. I need to get this ceremony over with, and then I need to proceed in discovering exactly what happened to Sadie. The most important thing right now is going through with the initiation ceremony. United as one, Emmaline and Dravon will be a force to be reckoned with once the bond is completed. Then James and Emmaline's bond will allow his wolf to become stronger in his abilities and senses.
We head down the path in the woods that leads to the circle where my coven completes all ceremonies. There is a cave near the waterfall that cascades down the majestic mountainside spilling into the small pond that flows into the creek. There is an almost lilac sheen to the water. It's beautiful here and I briskly walk to the cave, leaving James and Em at the waterfall so I can change into my robes. 
I am to be initiated as High Priestess of this ceremony after Ella does the initiation and casts the circle, since Em is the Chosen, so I have to don my attire. My robes are a midnight blue with a sparkling crescent moon on the back. My hood is trimmed with sapphire jewels that shine like a treasured diamond. I love the way the robe feels, covering my body, and I wish it was peace that I was feeling. It is overwhelming doom that has taken the place of peace. I know something is about to happen, but I can't put my finger on what.
When I exit the cave, I see Ren in the distance standing with James. I then see James's father Grayson standing next to Emmaline. They must stay calm for this ceremony if it's the last thing I ever accomplish and at this point I'm feeling it just may be. Dravon hovers close to the group in the shadow of the trees watching everyone intently. Even from this distance, I can see the love in his eyes as he gazes upon Emmaline. She is stunningly beautiful in the dress I purchased for this occasion. James appears to have the same look of love on his face, but I know that he loves Sadie not Emmaline.
"Hello Grayson," I say smiling.
"Molly," he says with a nod.
"Hello Ren," I say. "Ren this is Grayson, Grayson this is Ren."
"It's nice to meet you," Ren says to Grayson, and they shake hands politely. Ren kisses my cheek, and I get a puzzled look from Emmaline as other members of my coven appear in the clearing. I can feel anxiety rolling off her like tidal waves. I smile at her, and nod my head to reassure her everything is going to be fine. Explanations are going to have to be made soon, but first I need to set up the circle and make some introductions.
The High Priestess of our coven, which is to initiate me as High Priestess tonight walks towards me. Ella has been one of my closest friends for as long as I can remember. She has mentored me in magic, and she has taught me potions, herbs that heal, and has been by my side through everything all these years. She is wearing traditional pagan ceremonial robes, like mine except hers are a beautiful purple.
"Molly, how are you?" she asks knowingly. She knows that today is very nerve-wracking for me, but it's also filled with anticipated excitement.
"I am doing as well as I can muster without having an anxiety attack," I say jokingly. 
"Are you ready for this new beginning in your life?" she asks.
"I am more than ready," I reply with more determination than I have ever felt.
"Let's do this!" she says excitedly.
I gaze at my coven that has formed and I’m ready to make introductions, but true to my coven's hospitality they have already made most of the introductions themselves. Em seems to be enjoying herself, but I can still see the nervousness threatening to brim over. I know that she is sick with worry over Sadie. I peer at my friends and family, while silently saying a prayer that the danger I feel lurking is only my nerves. I know that it isn't, but an old woman can hope can't she?
"Gather around," Ella says over the crowd. They hush immediately, showing her the respect a coven shows their High Priestess. "We have a lot to discuss. Please save all questions until we have the opportunity to answer them. I assure you every concern will be addressed." She glances to Emmaline. "Emmaline Watson, please step forward."
Emmaline steps forward, and as she does, Dravon is by her side in a flash, guiding her with his hand on the small of her back. James immediately is by her side as well, and I see that Ella has sensed danger and rising tension by the crease that is spreading across her forehead. 
"Wolves please retreat," she requests in an authoritative but respectful manner.
Emmaline raises her eyebrows at me, and proceeds to look around for wolves in a shocked expression. Panic rises and flushes her cheeks, and James rushes to her side and wraps his arm around her waist to steady her. Dravon looks at James with disgust, and jerks his hand off of her waist. They look as if a fight is brewing, so I step forward and take Em by the hand and lead her to Ella, giving Grayson a threatening look as I do. He whispers something in James's ear, and the wolves begin to retreat away from the clearing, but I know they won't be too far away. Emmaline looks at me quizzically as we approach Ella, and I pat her hand soothingly, just like I did when she was a child. She relaxes slightly as Ella takes her hand.
"It is with great pleasure that I announce you to our coven," Ella says.
"Thank you," Emmaline replies softly.
"I am sure you have many questions, and they will be answered. The first order of business is to close the circle, so we can begin," says Ella.
Coven members collect the necessary materials, some that I have brought with me and some that others have brought. The athame is beautiful with a decorative amethyst jeweled sheath and chain. It has been in my family for generations. A fact that I just found out recently with so many others I've discovered. I brought the white ceremonial candles that symbolize Emmaline's purity, and they are for the cleansing part of the ceremony as well as the mate part.
Ella has the white quartz crystal, sandalwood incense, and the book of matches needed to light the incense and candles. These things are handed to Ella and she busies herself setting up the altar. 
She cleanses the altar making sure there are representations of The God, The Goddess, and each of the elements in their appropriate directions. The altar is then relocated to the center of the circle area, making sure that it is facing North.
The circle is set up by Johen, our coven member that usually represents the South and the element Fire. The candles are then placed at each point of the circle by Sara, our representative of the East and element Air. The candles are lit by the Water and West representative Jordan. Ella takes her place at the North representing the element Earth.
"We have all been cleansed and are dressed in our robes. If you haven't done so yet, please take this time to do so," Ella says.
All coven members begin the walk clockwise around the circle. "While walking the circle, imagine a line of energy being crafted as you walk," Ella says as she carries the athame pointing it towards the North. The circle is drawn as the walk is completed clockwise once until Ella, Johen, Sara, and Jordan are at the respective places the second time around. The second candles are placed with each person at their point. 
"We will now call upon the Guardians," Ella says.
"Guardians of the East, I call upon you to watch over the rites of the circle. Powers of knowledge and wisdom, guided by Air,
we ask that you keep watch over us tonight within this circle. Let all who enter the circle under your guidance do so in perfect love, perfect peace, and perfect trust," Sara states and then her candle is lit.
"Guardians of the South, I call upon you to watch over the rites of the circle. Powers of energy and will, guided by Fire, we ask that you keep watch over us tonight within this circle. Let all who enter the circle under your guidance do so in perfect love, perfect peace, and perfect trust," Johen states as his orange candle is lit.
"Guardians of the West, I call upon you to watch over the rites of the circle. Powers of passion and emotion, guided by Water, we ask that you keep watch over us tonight within this circle. Let all who enter the circle under your guidance do so in perfect love, perfect peace, and perfect trust," Jordan states as her blue candle is lit.
"Guardians of the North, I call upon you to watch over the rites of the circle. Powers of endurance and strength, guided by Earth, we ask that you keep watch over us tonight within this circle. Let all who enter the circle under your guidance do so in perfect love, perfect peace, and perfect trust," Ella states as her candle burns.
"Now that the elements have been invoked in the circle, you may enter. How do you enter?" asks Ella.
The entire coven enters the circle and a chorus of voices is heard. "In perfect love, perfect peace, and perfect trust," they all say.
"Now that all members are present within the circle, the circle is closed, and it's not to be broken or exited without the ceremonial cutting. Is this understood?" Ella states. 
All members nod their agreement.
"Molly, do you have the Five Supernatural Immortals History book?" Ella asks.
"Yes, I do," I say.
"Are you ready to share?" Ella asks.
"Yes, I am," I say as I open the book beginning to read aloud. "A Chosen's reign ends when the next is born, and it doesn't matter if she can rule or not. The first generation of witches didn't produce anyone to reign. The third generation of witches produced a Chosen with no powers. Therefore as history goes, the fifth generation should produce a powerful one to reign. There are rules to this, as there are rules to everything, unfortunately. To produce a Chosen with full potential of powers, every rule must be followed.
It is said to be a Chosen that on a female's seventeenth birthday she would meet her soul mate, before she even knows she is a witch. After full explanation and acceptance that she is a witch, she would then complete her initiation ceremony into her Keeper's coven. Once completion of initiation, she will receive the magical gift of summoning that resides within her, finally having access to one-fifth of her magic, which makes her different from other witches. She will only be known as a Chosen once the mark has been shown, and she has proven that she in fact has the soul mate's gift. It is then that the High Priestess of her coven will receive the gift of becoming her Keeper. The Keeper ceremony will be completed, adding to her already marked pentagram a star symbolizing she has a Keeper. The Keeper will then give her the magical gift of psychokinesis /precognition, unlocking one-fifth of her magic just as Seraphina gave to Chloe as her Keeper in this same Coven," I read aloud while the coven listens closely.
"Emmaline, do you understand what this means?" asks Ella. 
"Umm, I am not sure," Emmaline replies worriedly.



Chapter Twelve
Emmaline



I really think things have just gone beyond unbelievable. I feel arms envelop me, and I know it’s Dravon trying to comfort me. I smile to myself, and it's at this point that I know that I am going to be able to get through whatever life throws at us. As long as Dravon is by my side, I can accomplish anything.
“You can do this, babe. I'm right here with you, and I'm not leaving your side.” 
“Dravon, are you sure? Is everything going to be the same?”
“No, Emmaline, things will not be the same, but things will be perfect for us. I promise you that.”


Chapter Thirteen
Molly



"Gran, what's going on here?" Emmaline asks.
"According to Ren's bloodline as a vampire, when traced back generations, he found that five generations ago a vampire in his bloodline named Asher was the Chosen's mate. My great-great Grandma Chloe was a Chosen. My grandmother Claire was the first generation to not produce a Chosen, because she never believed in magic at all."
Emmaline's eyes widen in disbelief when she hears this news. She looks at Dravon, and then realization replaces the disbelief. In a moment, panic takes its place. She brings her shaking hand up and straightens her hair at the ends pulling on them in the nervous fashion she always used when she was a child. I just continue to read, praying that she will stay conscious and sane until I can get through this book. 
"She never had her initiation ceremony into a coven and her markings never appeared. It's a big mystery as to why this happened. Since she was not supernatural, her grandmother Chloe could never tell her about the prophecy. It would have been punishable by death, so she lived out her life and died as a human."


Chapter Fourteen
Emmaline



“Dravon, why didn't you tell me?”
“Didn't you just hear your Gran? Punishable by death? I didn't want you to die. Emmaline, you are my life now.” 
“Dravon, promise me something?” 
“Yes, anything.”
“No more secrets please.”
“I promise.”
I am not going to panic, because somehow I already knew that Dravon was immortal. I mean, I woke up this morning telepathic. It's obvious supernatural events occur, and I have met my quota for panic attacks today. I am just going to take this in my stride. I am Dravon's soul mate and he is mine. That explains my unusual pull to him, and the fact that we can speak to each other telepathically.


Chapter Fifteen
Molly



"When my mother was born, she also lived her life as a human. I was not raised to believe in magic, but somehow destiny has a way of making things happen. My best friend belonged to the witch coven I am to become High Priestess of now, and she introduced me to magic."
"Ella, thank you for everything you have done for me. I also want to thank you for doing this ceremony to initiate me as High Priestess, so that we can complete our ceremony," I say smiling at her, and she nods at me.
It's not the time to tell Emmaline that her grandmother is alive, and that she will be meeting her later. We need to get this ceremony finished. I still have that overwhelming feeling of dread. I push those feelings back from the surface and continue to read.
"The second step will be completed after the Keeper Ceremony, and she will be bound to her Soulmate for life. It is then that her heart will beat for him. She can actually live without her soul mate, but it is excruciatingly painful. Her soul mate can't live without her, because she has now become his life force. He becomes her everything, the other half to her soul. It is after the bonding has taken place that the magical marking of the infinity symbol will also be located inside of her already marked pentagram, symbolizing that she has a Soulmate for infinity, just as Asher has been and will be Chloe's Soulmate for infinity. As previously, Asher provided Chloe with the magical gift of telepathy, so will Dravon give this same gift to Emmaline. He will provide her with one-fifth of her magic that was released when the binding ceremony took place, and without him she can't be a Chosen."
I gaze over the book at Emmaline to see how she is interrupting this information, and I am still getting the shocked look that I was seeing before. I know that I need to continue to read before she shuts down.
"The third step is to be completed after the mate bonding has taken place, and she then will also be bound to her Protector for life as well. The relationship here is completely different in that they can each live a normal, pain-free, and human life without each other. Her Protector will give his life for her, and vow to protect her at all costs, just as Jameson has protected Chloe these generations and will continue to protect her infinitely. Once the Protector bonding has taken place, a wolf will appear in her already marked pentagram symbolizing she has a Protector. He will give her the magical gift of teleportation/Chrono kinesis, releasing the one-fifth of her magic that he holds. Their trust is what will bind them together. She gives him the ability to be whole, to be someone's mate in return, and the ability to share his supernatural gifts with their race. He will be lonely forever without her, and without him she can't be a Chosen. It is said that The Protector is the mate to a Chosen's Healer who he can't live without and vice versa.


Chapter Sixteen
Emmaline



“Oh, my God, did you know this Dravon? She has to be speaking of James, and that explains what I have been feeling around him. The overwhelming tingling sensations that travels from head to toe, engulfing me in comfort and pleasure.” 
I know that I have given too much of a visual image when I hear Dravon growl. 
“Grr ... Emmaline ... Stop! I didn't know! Em, you do know broadcasting these things can get a certain wolf killed. I will tear him apart, and eat him for my supper.”
“Eew... Gross! Dravon! Just chill out already! Let's make a deal?”
“What do you propose my, sweet Emmaline?”
“I propose that we let her finish, before we freak out. I don't want you to kill a certain wolf. He happens to be my best friend.” 
“That is just all kinds of wrong to be thinking that way about my best friend. I should be shocked, but again somehow I just knew James was supernatural as well. I've met my panic attack quota like I said before; I am not going to panic. I am going to take this in stride. Who am I trying to convince here?”
“That's a deal, Emmaline. Let's focus on the ceremony.” 
Dravon interrupts my internal struggle, and I focus back to reality. I straighten my back and continue to listen. I am strong and I can do this, I chant to myself.


Chapter Seventeen
Molly



"The fourth step to be completed after the Protector bonding has taken place is that she then will be bound to her Healer for life as well. They can live a normal, pain-free, and human life without each other. Her Healer will heal her, and be able to hear her call of pain anywhere just as Aaryanna has healed Chloe many times, and will continue to do so. Once the Healer ceremony has bound them together by friendship, she will receive the symbol of a teardrop in her already marked pentagram, symbolizing that she has a Healer. The Healer will give her the magical gift of empathy/healing, blessing her with one-fifth of her magic. A Chosen gives her Healer the ability to be whole, someone's mate in return, and the ability to share her supernatural gifts with their race. She will be lonely forever without her, and without the Healer she can't be a Chosen. It is said that the Healer is the mate to a Chosen's Protector who she can't live without and vice versa."
My thoughts drift to Sadie, and I am almost panicked to the point of not finishing reading. I know I need to get through this before all hell breaks loose. I just have a feeling trouble is lurking close by. Please God let me be wrong. We really need Sadie here though. She is Emmaline's Healer, and that part of the ceremony can't be accomplished without her. We will settle that once she is bound to Dravon and James. I silently make a decision with determination.
"The fifth and final step of the Five Ceremony is to be completed as follows. Each person stands at the five points of a Pentagram, and they are all given the choice to be bound to the Chosen. If they choose to be bound to her for life, only then will she get her full abilities and magic. She will then be given the magical gift of invisibility/element manipulation by the Goddesses. She will become the ruler of all supernatural races. She will keep peace between them all, and they can all live freely to do as they choose." 
"As stated before, she allows them to possess their natural magical abilities. The Keeper ability will guide her by teaching her an abundance of knowledge. She gives her the gift of always being able to channel her magic as long as she possesses it. The Soulmate ability is to telepathically communicate with her. She gives him the magical ability to be able to walk about in daylight and night as he pleases, and she also gives him the gift to never crave blood lust. The Protector ability allows him to track her, and her to automatically know exactly where he is at all times. She gives him the gift of never having to phase unless choosing to do so, because his emotions no longer affect his phasing. The Healer ability will always be able to heal each other in times of need. She gives her the gift of being able to teleport/travel to her realm anytime she chooses, so that she may help her people when in need."
I am very aware of the quietness in the circle as I finish speaking. I look at Emmaline, and she looks back at me with determination, instead of panic this time. I think everything is going to be alright.



Chapter Eighteen 
Liam



After my failed attempt back at the condo, I follow Emmaline and the dreaded smelling wolf to an old lady's house. That must be her Keeper, I think to myself. They don't even go inside to visit, because she is waiting for them when they arrive. I continue to follow them, and we end up in a beautiful wooded area. There are mountains all around me, and the view is beautiful. I dread the fact that I have to ditch my car, and I pray that no one hurts my baby. Yes, I said baby. My BMW is my baby! Don't judge me. 
We reach a breath-taking cabin in fifteen minutes, and I have now ditched my car in a wooded area. I am on foot in the woods trying to find them now. I see her keeper just up above, but I am trying to stay back so that I am not noticed. I smell a pungent smell again, and realize that there are more wolves in the vicinity. A fact, I think Jasper needs to know; and I need to text him our location.
Liam: Jasper I am texting you my location. I am in the woods a short distance from the cabin. You need follow the path to the clearing. Wolves are also present, so I think we need back up.
Jasper: We will be there soon. Stay with her! Don't make a move until we are there. Understood? I am sending Drew now, and I will follow.
Liam: Jeez Jasper. Yes!
I make myself as invisible as possible in the wooded area just out of range of a wolf’s highly sensitive sight. It is hard for a six foot three man to become invisible, not to mention my sandy blond hair doesn't blend well with the trees. I look down at my attire, dressing in all black was a good idea, I decide. At least the black does make me somewhat invisible.
I watch as other coven members arrive, and the shenanigans begin in just a few minutes. I stand back and smile to myself, while I watch them and think they look like idiots. I mean seriously, do they think this will work? What am I saying, it will work? I am in fact a vampire, but I still think this looks ridiculous. I hope that Jasper gets here before this ends. Drew should be here soon, so now I just play the waiting game. I am starting to get nervous, and the wolves are in the woods now. They were asked to retreat and did so. If they find me this won't end well.


Chapter Nineteen
Jasper



"It's time to go!" I say forcefully. The gang I have come to know as family jumps to life under my order. We hurriedly begin to disperse, and I remember that we have a prisoner that needs to be watched while we are away. I need to be with the gang for this particular assignment. I can't trust Emmaline to anyone but me. I will have her, because she is the Chosen. I need her powers to destroy this God-forsaken race.
That thought hurdles me back in time to a place I barely recognize. I am standing on the corner of a busy street in New Orleans, and it is in the middle of Mardi Gras celebration. There are people everywhere drinking alcohol, beads around their neck, half-naked. Everyone is having a good time, and my friends and I are no exception to this fun. 
My friend Jack and I had a little too much to drink and we were on our way to the hotel we were staying in with our girls on our arms. The only girl I ever loved. Jessica Delow. She was beautiful with long blonde hair, and ocean blue eyes that could pierce a man's soul. She had the body of a Goddess, with long legs that seemed to stretch for miles. Her five foot eight height was only lacking a few inches of matching my six foot one inch height. She fit perfectly in my arms, almost like she fit me like a glove, like her body was made just for me, like her soul was mated to mine. We had been together since high school, and we had a date set for our wedding. We were here with friends to celebrate our recent engagement, and we were living life to the fullest.
The tragic events of that night changed my life forever. I will live for eternity stuck in this supernatural world without her, and I don't want to do that. Emmaline is imperative to that. If I keep her from becoming the Chosen then the supernatural world will cease to exist, meaning I will be with my darling Jess once again. 
As we walked to the hotel that night I saw a bunch of guys out of the corner of my eye. They were lurking in the darkness, but this happens in New Orleans at times. I mean, we are talking about the capital of voodoo, or so people seem to think. To say that it was creepy would have been an understatement. I grabbed Jess's hand and pulled her to me tightly to try to protect her; but I failed to protect her that night. Jack failed Sherry that night as well, before we knew it a group of vampires mauled us in the street like savages and they left us for dead. 
Jess was attacked, and I watched in horror as the bloodsucker drained her blood out of her body, and the life faded from her eyes right before me. This was some sick joke to them, because the others held me in place as the leader took my Jess's life right in front of me. I was helpless, and I couldn't move or break free from the tight grasp the vampires had on me. I screamed and thrashed about trying to break free, sobbing the entire time. I didn't want her to leave me. I wanted to fight for her, but I couldn't break free. They stood there and laughed at me while they enabled their leader to feed on her, draining her life away in seconds, but for me it was like I was watching this horror for hours. My beautiful Jess's life, dreams, and my heartbeat ended on that street with her.
Their cruelty knew no bounds though, because when he was finished draining the life out of my Jess, he moved on to Sherry. Two other vampires held Jack in place, while he struggled to save her the same way I struggled to save Jess, but were unsuccessful in my attempts as was he. There was no more fight left in me, to try and break free, to make an attempt to save Sherry. Once Jess was gone it felt like I had died with her, and my heart had been ripped from my chest. I could no longer support my body; it went limp in my attackers’ strong grasp. The only reaction they got out of me was when they tore Jack's body to shreds after Sherry was drained dry. He let her lifeless body fall to the ground with a sickening thud just like he had done to Jess a minute before. He licked his lips while looking at me tauntingly, as if daring me to do something, knowing I couldn't move even though I wanted to.
I shake uncontrollably as the memories consume me, and it is like I am there again watching a movie. Jack was attacked with such force they ripped his limbs from his body. They did unthinkable things that night. I don't remember much else past Jack, because I was next. I welcomed death, even invited it to take me to the place that it took my Jess. I was not as fortunate as the others to be able to spend my eternity among them in peace. He was even more sadistic to me as he left me to this eternal damned fate. It’s a fate more terrible than death, because I woke up a savage like him. A bloodsucking vampire that couldn't control his hunger and killed, drained, sucked the life out of his victims. I woke up as someone I despised.
"You'll never get near her at her Gran's! You have to know that right?" I hear her voice and it brings me crashing back to my reality. I want to kill her right now, and just drain the life out of her. I can't do that anymore though, because I'm not that person I used to be. I will not let myself lose control, because I have to keep my eyes on the prize; the end to all supernaturals, including me, the end to what I have become, the end to a messed up life, and the end to causing anyone pain is the prize that I will obtain. No matter what stands in my way, I will succeed. 
"Sadie, Sadie, has anyone ever told you that you have a big mouth; that you don't know when to keep shut?" I ask angrily.
"More people than you care to know," she spits out just as angrily.
"Well, then shut it!" I scream. "Drew, take care of this!" I say pointing at her with a snide grin.
Drew knows to obey my commands, because he knows that if he doesn't, bad things will happen to him. He strolls into her cage, and nonchalantly hits her with a violent force. I think he has just broken her jaw, as her head snaps back, and she falls to the floor with a thud. I cringe, but I hide it because I can't seem weak to my gang.
"Jesus Christ!" I scream and Drew jumps. "I said to take care of it. Did I say to break her damn jaw? You idiot!" I scream even louder, because I am now shaking with rage. Drew knows that it is time for him to leave, so he uses the speed his vampiracy has given him and hastily retreats. My God, we are bunch of immortal death-causing idiots. This is one of the many reasons it all has to end. I have to put a stop to this. I don't let my gang see me, as I have screamed for them to leave me in peace and they obey. I pick Sadie up off the floor and deposit her back on the cot in her makeshift cell. I look at her beautiful features, and she reminds me of my Jess. She is beautiful from head to toe and just as innocent as my Jess. I hate that it has to come to this, and the fact that I have reduced myself to such violence is repulsive. 
I run my hand across her jaw to check for any fractures, and I find that it, in fact, is not broken. I am so grateful to see that it isn't that it almost brings me to my knees. Her jaw is bruised badly from the blow though. It has already started to swell, and her eye looks as if it will be swelled shut soon. She didn't make it out of this ordeal unscathed. I will have to be more direct with my orders, but how do I do that and not show weakness? How do I accomplish my goal without hurting anyone else? I see the bowl of water and wash rag that was used to clean her up is still in her cage. I take the wash rag that is still cool with water, and place it on her eye willing the swelling to go down.
"Kacey! Take care of her while I’m gone! Get the healer here ASAP!" I bark out orders quickly. The others have left to meet up with Liam, and I need to be leaving soon as well. I have to know that she is taken care of while I’m away, before my racing heart will settle to normalcy.
I am getting attached to this girl, but need to go now. We have business to attend to, so with one last look, last regret, last smell, and last smile, I leave the cell knowing in my heart that this will be over soon. I am renewed with a determination that I never knew existed as I leave that cell. No one else can be hurt because of what we are, and I will make sure of that if it is the last thing that I ever do.

Chapter Twenty
Emmaline



I nervously watch Gran make her way towards Ella, and wonder what is going to happen. I am new to this after all, and I think that I am still in a little bit of shock. I mean who wouldn't be at this point? I am still worried about Sadie, but I push that to the back of my mind as Ella begins to speak. I know that what is happening here is of the utmost importance, and I intend to give it my full undivided attention for the moment. As soon as this is over I will find my best friend and relieve this dreaded feeling of doom.
"Step forward Molly" says Ella and my Gran steps forward.
"Molly, you are already dedicated, been cleansed, and have been a cherished member of this coven for years. Do you understand to do no wrong? And if you do, it will come back to you thrice-fold?" Ella asks.
"I do," Gran says.
"Do you promise to uphold the laws of this coven?"
"I do."
"Do you make this sacrifice of yourself to always be dedicated 100% to your coven?"
"I do."
"Do you promise to guide in perfect love, perfect peace, and perfect trust as if you were a Goddess?"
"I do."
"Please present your right hand."
My Gran presents her right hand to Ella. Ella takes the athame and slashes gran's hand with it.
"I take the blood of the willing, 
I mix it with dedication of the tear,
Let it be known, the blood spilling,
Wasn't a gift of fear.
It was willingly given to,
protect and uphold the spirit and law of the Goddesses, and the magic that they give to you,
Let it be, as the spirit blesses," Ella chants facing the North.
I watch in amazement, as the cut on my Gran's hand heal in a matter of seconds. I am shocked. I see a swirling haze of purple, lilac, light blue, light pink, and light green colors wrap her up like a tornado would, but it doesn't lift her up. The colors flow inside of her, and she glows with them while her cheeks redden and her hair begins to shine. I have never seen anything like this.
"The Goddess has spoken, and you are now High Priestess of this coven. I will complete the Keeper ceremony. Your reign will begin as soon as that initiation takes place," Ella says.
"I understand and I am honored," Gran says and nods her head.
"Emmaline Watson, please step forward," Ella says.
I step forward with determination. What just happened to my Gran didn't hurt her in any way, and I am not afraid anymore. I am to become the Chosen. I am not sure what all that entails, but what I am sure of is I don't think that status is for the weak-minded. I need to know what all of it means, but there will be time for questions after the initiation. I trust my Gran, and even though I don't know the specifics of a Keeper, I am sure she will explain everything that I need to know and do. I don't want the supernatural world to cease to exist. That would mean that devastation would strike. I would lose a lot of family and friends. Heck that means that I too would die. My thoughts are interrupted by Ella's voice.
"Emmaline Watson, do you wish to prove your status as Chosen?" Ella asks.
"I do." I wait for an explanation. 
"Gentlemen, turn away. Emmaline, may I partially unzip your dress, so that you can slide the shoulder straps down, exposing your back?"
I nod and Ella helps me lower the straps. My markings are on display. I hear a gasp from Ella looking at the pentagram with the unity symbol on my back, but I stand perfectly still as she instructs the males of the coven to inspect my back. I keep my back turned towards the males, because this is neither the time nor the place for a peep show. They only need to confirm the Soulmate symbol. Curiosity gets the best of me though as I stand there, and I look over my left shoulder to see if Dravon is looking. I want him to be looking at me. I even desire it, which is a first for me. The thought of Dravon wanting me has my hormones beginning to run wild. He is being a perfect gentleman though, and he has his back to me. 
“I've seen you naked already. Are we forgetting that? I don't want a repeat, Em. As much as I would love to look at your exquisite body, it leaves me with a desire that you are not ready to fill. You are only seventeen.”
“How old are you, Dravon?”
“I’m old enough to know that you need time to make such a decision.”
“Are you avoiding my question, my dear?”
“Why yes. Yes, I am.”
“Dravon, are you seriously willing to wait on me for a physical relationship if I am not ready.”
“Em, can we focus? We can talk about a physical relationship and your virginal status later.”
My face heats up, and I can feel the redness creep around to the back of my neck. Two can play this game. If he wants to embarrass me, I can give him something to think about. I am a virgin, but he doesn't know that.
“Who said I was a virgin?”
And with that last thought I slam that telepathic wall into place, just like he taught me to.
"Emmaline, you do in fact have the marking, but have you also found the gift of your soulmate?" Ella asks.
"Yes, I have," I say with confidence.
"And whom may that be?"
"Dravon Riley," I say shyly.
"Dravon Riley, please step forward," Ella says.
Dravon steps forward stopping right beside me, smiling at Ella, and taking my hand in his. He rubs circles on the back of my hand with his thumb. His hands are so cold that I shiver slightly, but the action is comforting and the coldness doesn't bother me at all. He doesn't even act is if we just had a conversation in our heads that I have blocked him from. He just stands there staring straight ahead while he rubs circles on the back of my hand like what I said doesn't bother him at all. When in fact I know down deep in my heart it does.
"Molly, whisper to me a color, number, and a symbol then whisper the same color, number, and symbol to Emmaline in front of me without Dravon being able to hear. If Dravon can tell us these things from her mind, then we will know that he has given her the gift of telepathy, and we can move forward with the Keeper ceremony," Ella says.
Gran and I get closer to Ella. Gran whispers to Ella and I. "Peach, seventeen, peace symbol."
 "Dravon, what say you?" Ella demands.
"Peach, seventeen, and peace symbol," says Dravon almost bored. 
It's like he has been reading my mind forever. He has a cocky grin on his face that I sort of like, and in the same instance hate. It's funny how you can have a love-hate relationship with these sorts of things.
"Emmaline do you accept that you are now a witch? You will also be initiated into this coven, because your Keeper is in this coven. Is this acceptable?" Ella asks.
"Yes, it is my pleasure and I am honored," I say.
"Emmaline, are you seventeen today?" Ella asks.
"Yes, I am."
"Do you promise to abide by the law of the Goddess, to do no harm, to do so in perfect love, perfect trust, and perfect peace?"
"I do."
"Do you understand if you do cause harm that it will come back to you thrice-fold?"
"I do."
"Please step forward and produce your right hand," Ella says authoritatively.
I step forward holding my right hand out. She takes the athame and cuts a wide gash into my right palm. I expect it to hurt but it doesn't. I don't even get sick like I usually do at the sight of blood. Instead of pain and sickness, I get this burning sensation in the middle of my palm, but the burning doesn't hurt. It feels very soothing in a weird sort of way.
"I take the blood of the willing,
I mix it with dedication of the tear,
Let it be known, the blood spilling,
Wasn't a gift of fear.
It was willingly given to protect and uphold the spirit and law of the Goddesses, and the magic that they give to you,
Let it be, as the spirit blesses.
The Goddesses bless this sacrifice you freely give,
And in return, they initiate you as a witch, the Chosen,
Your body holding magic captive,
As five combined powers are spun," Ella chants facing the North.
As soon as her words are spoken the gash completely closes with no evident sign left that it was ever there. The blood is gone as well, leaving no outward sign of an injury. As before, a swirling haze of purple, lilac, light blue, light pink, and light green colors wrap me up like a tornado would, but it doesn't lift me upward. The colors flow inside of me leaving a trail of warmth everywhere it passes, and I have an outward glow while my cheeks feel hot and redden like cherries, and my hair begins to shine like blue sparkles in the sunlight. My jet black hair gives off the blue hue when light shines on it, or in this case I should say through it. I have never felt anything like this, and this makes the second time today I am in awe of what I have seen. There is nothing that compares to experiencing it though.
"Let it be known before the Goddess that Emmaline Watson has been identified as the Chosen," Ella says, happily touching the athame to my pentagram marking. 
I feel a slight burning sensation, but it dissipates just as fast as it began. 
"Also let it be shown that there is a star inside of the pentagram marking that symbolizes you now have a Keeper which is one-fifth of the requirement as a Chosen. Now appearing inside your pentagram is a blue shining star representing the Keeper's job to watch over and guide you. Just as the function of the stars is to watch over us at night and guide us during the day, so shall that be the duties of your Keeper. Let it be known that you have accepted becoming a witch, and therefore Molly is your Keeper, adding inside her pentagram marking a blue star identically matching yours. She has given you one-fifth of your magic, and with that one fifth of magic the gift of psychokinesis and psychic ability is freely given. You in return strengthen and unleash her magical power that was lying dormant inside her body, waiting to be awakened. It is understood that you will be patiently taught your gift by your Keeper, and you will practice learning how to use it without doing harm. You will also be bound to your Keeper for life, and you will never have another. Is this all understood?" Ella asks as she finishes.
"Yes, I understand." 
"Now for the soul mate ceremony … I hereby pronounce you, Molly, as High Priestess of this coven. Please kneel." 
Gran kneels in front of Ella, and Ella produces a wand with which she touches my Gran's shoulder. A white light appears at the end of the wand, and flows into her shoulder traveling the length of her arm until you can see each fingertip light up. In the palm of her hand floats a star of the purest blue with tiny sparkles. It's nothing short of amazing. I have seen things tonight I would never be able to explain to the normal person. What is even normal anymore?
"Now rise, Molly. Take this athame, wand, candle representing the North, and your place in the circle, so that you may continue with this ceremony," Ella says and bows to Gran.
"Rise my dear and beloved friend Ella. You have given me the dearest gift a friend could ever give, and for that I will be eternally grateful," Gran says, taking her place at the North.
"Dravon Riley, do you understand that if we bind your life to Emmaline's that she will become your life force, and that you will never be able to live without her another day?"
"I do." Dravon confidently stares into my eyes, never once wavering from them.
“Dravon, what does that mean? Life force? You can't live without me?”
“Emmaline, relax. We need to do this. It will be okay. I promise.”
I am feeling light-headed now, but I have to choose to trust Dravon that everything will be alright. If I don't trust him everything stops here, and for whatever reason that hasn't been explained to me as of yet. The supernatural race will cease to exist. I have to continue with this no matter how panicked I am. I have a choice to make. Either I become Dravon's life force or I become the reason we all cease to exist. I can handle the first option a lot better than the latter. I take a steadying breath willing myself to calm down. I feel Dravon's thumb making circles on the back of my hand once again.
"Emmaline are you willing to become Dravon's life force? To be bound to him for the rest of your life?" Gran asks nervously.
"I am willing, and I will be bound to him," I say as confidently as I can muster through the nervousness that has taken up residence in my heart. My eyes never leave Dravon's, because it's like I am staring into the depths of his soul, and all I can see there is unconditional love.
"Dravon and Emmaline please step forward and produce your right hands," says Gran just as authoritatively as Ella did before her.
We step forward holding hands because Dravon has a death-grip on my hand. He never lets go until we are standing before Gran. He only let's go of my hand so I can once again produce it. She takes the athame and slashes a wide gash into my right palm once again. I expect it to hurt this time as it is the second cut of the day, but it doesn't. I still don't even get sick like I usually do at the sight of blood. I only feel the slight burn as before that actually feels soothing. Dravon produces his right hand and a gash is cut into his right palm to match the one in mine.
"Please join blood to blood hands," Gran requests and we do as we are instructed.
"I take the blood of the willing,
I mix it with dedication of the tear,
Let it be known, the blood spilling,
Wasn't a gift of fear.
It was willingly given to, protect and uphold the spirit and law of the Goddesses, and the magic that they give to you,
Let it be, as the spirit blesses.
The two joined hands,
The soul mate of the Chosen,
The savior of the supernatural lands, 
Two lives joined in time, frozen.
Let it be in front of the Goddesses,
This union for eternity,
The magic binds and blesses,
The combined souls for infinity," Gran chants as she ties our hands with red ribbon.
"Elements Earth, Fire, Water and Wind around me united as one, 
Your love shall be fiery hot as much as the sun. 
Bound forever by Earth's long course of life, 
Your love won't be cut as the red rope by knife," chants Gran five times, and then cuts the red rope from our hands. 
"Dravon, do you have the gift you wanted to give to Emmaline?"
"Yes, I do," says Dravon but his eyes don't meet mine.
"Emmaline, do you understand that now that you are bound to Dravon he can only drink from you? That your heart will beat for both of you? He can no longer live without you, because you have become his life force. You can, however, live without him but it is excruciatingly painful," Gran says in a hurry. I think she is afraid that I will reject.
"Yes, I do."
"Dravon you may now do as you requested," says Gran with a smile.
"Emmaline, as everyone here knows already, I am a vampire. I am 112-years-old, so to say that I am old-fashioned, would be an understatement. I know that we are bound for eternity together. I want an eternity of friendship, love, and happiness. I want to make you mine in every way possible. I want this union to not just be to save the supernatural race. I want it to mean more, because I have searched these 112 years of my life looking, for love and I know I have found that forever love with you. " 
I shyly look at Dravon with tears, in my eyes for he has said the most beautiful thing that anyone has ever said to me. He actually cares about me. Dare I even say that he loves me? Is that possible in this short amount of time? If this day has shown me anything, it's that anything is possible. For goodness sakes I can believe that Gran and I are witches, Dravon is a vampire, James is a wolf, but I can't believe that love can happen that fast. What is wrong with me? I know that I am just unsure because this is my first true relationship. I’m terrified of a relationship that hasn't even really begun yet, because I want a fairy tale romance. I’m afraid that can’t be achieved.
Dravon pulls a ring box from his pocket, and my eyes widen in shock. He sees the panic on my face, so he hurriedly continues.
"Relax, Em. I bought this promise ring to signify that if I have found my forever love in you that I want to promise you that I will be yours for always in every way possible. I want this ring to go in place of a wedding band that I hope you will wear soon, because I want you so desperately to have found your forever love in me. I want us to be bound together in every way possible. I want the human world to acknowledge what the supernatural one will now that we are bonded." Tears glisten in his eyes.
"Will you accept my promise, and wear this ring until you can answer if you have found your forever love in me? Will you wear it in place of a wedding band until such a time that I may ask you to be my wife?" he asks with hope in his voice and desire in his eyes.
"I will, Dravon. I need us to also find that forever love in each other. This is all going so fast I don't know if I can say that I am at that point as of yet." 
He doesn't let me finish, touching his finger to my lip, and reaches down taking my hand to slide the ring on my finger. He smiles at me with love in his eyes.
"All I needed to hear is, I will. We will figure the rest out as we go, Em." He seems so sure of himself. 
I wished I could be that sure of myself. I have always been a little uncertain and questioning of everything. This is a big decision in my life. I know you are wondering, how is this a big decision? How can something as simple as love be compared to saving the supernatural world? In my eyes love is not simple. It is beautiful, complicated, complex, and all knowing. I am not really even sure there is a word to describe love. It is just what it is, with no definite label to put on it. Those three little words have more power to them than all the magic in the world. The power to make you, break you, crack you, heal you, tear you down and build you up all in three little words. That is why it is such a big deal to me.
I smile back and look down at my ring finger and I am astonished. He has bought me a heart shaped diamond with amethyst stones outlining the heart. It is a simple design, not too big, not too little, but it is just right. It looks to be white gold, and it is the most beautiful ring I have ever seen. The kind of ring I always wanted when I was to be married. He did an outstanding job picking this particular one out. 
"I bind you for eternity, but there is one thing that must be done. You must seal the promise and vows that you have said to each other here today, before the Goddess with a kiss. My words have bound you already, but your willingness to give your blood and the kiss you will give will seal your fates and destiny together as one," Gran says.
Dravon pulls me to him, and I start to panic. I am going to have my first real kiss in front of a full audience. What if I don't do it right? What if we bump noses, clang teeth, or anything else I have heard from horror stories of people’s first kiss? This is definitely a teenager thing to be worried about. Good God Em, get it together! It is just a kiss! The supernatural world lies solely on your shoulders and you are worried about a kiss. I try to give myself a pep talk. 
He turns his head slightly and smiles at me, looking deep into my soul with those icy blue eyes of his. Everything in both worlds seems to fade away. I turn my head slightly and his lips meet mine. At first it is a sweet innocent kindergarten kiss, and then he changes the pace. He reaches up caressing both my shoulders slowly with his cool touch. I feel a shiver run down my spine, and I step into him causing him to deepen the kiss as he runs his tongue over my lower lip begging for entry. I easily open up and give in to him. Our tongues meet doing a dance of love and passion that I didn't even know existed. Before I know it he is devouring my lips and I his, right there in front of the whole Coven. It's only because we hear my Gran clear her throat that we come up for air. I know I should be embarrassed but I'm not, because everything about that screamed love, passion, desire, and it just felt right.
"Your destinies are now sealed. You shall forever be one," Gran says, cutting the red ribbon around our hands, and as before, the cuts heal almost immediately. I see no sign that there has even been trauma there. There is a different light that envelope Dravon and me. It is a light pink, red, and white that almost blinds, and it’s the kind of white that you expect to come from angels. It wraps us in a tornado-like tunnel, but it doesn't lift us up, just like with Gran and me before. It twirls and swirls seeping right into our chests, and I can almost feel our lives being wound around each other's. It is an awesome feeling of pure bliss, a feeling that I could never explain with words, and I revel in it. 
"Dravon, I have to ask you and Ren to please fall back, as I know that the wolves and vampires don't tolerate each other well. I need James for the next part of this ceremony, but please don't exit the circle."
I hear Dravon's sharp intake of breath, and it's my turn to soothe him, so I mimic the same thing he has been doing to my hand by rubbing circles on the back of his hand. I give him my best smile. 
“I'm okay, Dravon. This has to be done.”
“I know, Em, but that doesn't mean I have to like it. Does it?”
“No, you don't have to like it, but you do have to tolerate it. This is the answer to saving the supernatural world. Are you really going to stand in my way to prevent that?”
“Em, it is my job to take care of you now. I want you to be protected.” 
“Dravon, are you listening to yourself? James is my protector!”
Dravon slams that damn telepathic wall down on me, and turns walking away briskly. 
I see James come into sight, and automatically the tingling begins. How in the world am I going to survive having two men in my life this intimately? What is going to happen to the supernatural world with these two at each other's throats over me? I mean seriously, I am sure once everything is explained that will be enough to demand my attention. I don't need two guys to mix things up in my mind for me.



Chapter Twenty One
Jasper



It's about a thirty minute drive, to the address that Liam texted me. I am in the SVU, driven by Kaleb and I need to contact everyone. This would have been much easier just to use our vampire speed to travel, but I need the time to clear my head and make preparations for the arrival of Emmaline. I need to make sure that we have in place all the necessary people to have her bound to my Ultimate Five to keep her from becoming the Chosen. 
These people I am talking about, we all have a common interest. We all want the supernatural race to disappear or cease to exist for one reason or another. It doesn't matter to me what their reasons are as long as they are on board with the plan. I pick up my cell to make the text.
Jasper: Meet me at the old warehouse at midnight. 
Steven: I will be there with my pack.
Jasper: K. No trouble! This must go as planned! Understood?
Steven: My, my, are we hungry Jasper? Or just testy?
Jasper: Just get there okay?
Steven: Yep.
Steven is our replacement wolf for the Protector part of the ceremony that will be done by our Coven of witches. He and his pack have their own reasons to see the supernatural world come to an end. His pack may not all agree, but he's their alpha and they won't betray an alpha. Steven and I have been allies for quite a while now.  We have a common enemy. If you guessed that the answer is vampires, then you would be correct. Together we have destroyed more vampires than I care to count. He is adamant about the reasons why he helps me, and we have formed this unlikely union be kept secret. I don't ask questions, because to me one more person helping eliminate our disgusting, worthless, monstrous kind is just all the better.
Ah yes, the Coven. My lovely little witches will be the next ones I need to have in place. Of course, we also need a Keeper as a replacement, this witch being High Priestess of the Coven that is helping me. They also have their reasons for wanting the supernatural world to end, and one of those reasons being the most powerful thing of all. Love! I continue to text.
Jasper: Meet me at the old warehouse at midnight.
Bethany: I will be there! I will also bring the girl.
Jasper: Haven has turned seventeen? Correct?
Bethany: Do you dare take me for an idiot, vampire?
Jasper: Bethany… Bethany... so damn testy.
Bethany: Ugh. Midnight then.
I know the conversation has ended abruptly because Bethany has considered my question stupid. Haven is our replacement as Healer, but the thing is she is not a fae or pixie. She is just a witch, and I am hoping that Bethany has enough magic up her sleeve to make that work. Sadie has fae and pixie blood. The true original Healer, with more power than any witch could ever possess. Her power at age seventeen, combined with Molly's and Emmaline's will be unstoppable. This is precisely why we have to get the ceremony finished before Sadie's seventeenth birthday, which is less than 48 hours and counting now.
Kaleb slows, turning into the drive that the GPS has instructed, and it is not long before we both recognize the black BMW sitting vacant almost hidden in the trees. "Damn, that Liam is an idiot sometimes," says Kaleb as we exit the SUV. 
"He had better pray that our plan will not be stopped, or he will be meeting his untimely demise this day," I say pulling out my phone to text said idiot to let him and the others know that we are near.
Jasper: We are here. Have they completed any parts of the binding yet?
Liam: Yes, they have completed the soul mate ceremony.
Jasper: What?!?
Liam: You said not to make a move until you arrived. We haven't.
Now I am nine kinds of pissed off. Hopefully this little set back can be fixed by the almighty Bethany. I am sure that just as you bind something there must be a spell to undo it. 
"You are right Kaleb. I don't think I'll need Liam's idiocy after today." 
"What has happened?" Kaleb asks.
"He has done as instructed. He has waited on my arrival, but in doing so, he has allowed the soul mate bond to be completed and that also means that the Keeper bond has also been completed."
"Well, boss, you do have to give him points for being loyal and trustworthy."
Kaleb has a point, and maybe, just maybe, Liam doesn't have to die before we all cease to exist. What would be the point of that waste of energy anyway? We will all be in eternal bliss by tomorrow anyway. 
"Let's just hurry before they complete the Protector bond, because if that happens… He will be able to track her anywhere."



Chapter Twenty Two
James



I hear my name called, and I see Dravon retreating to the back of the circle that the witches have cast. My pack stays back, but my dad, mom, and I make our way to the circle. We have been cleansed already, but the circle will have to be opened just once to let us enter. This is an unusual practice but necessary, since Dravon and I were not playing well together.
"James, Lily, and Grayson the circle has been opened appropriately. How do you enter?" asks Molly.
"In perfect love, perfect peace, and perfect trust," I say.
"In perfect love, perfect peace, and perfect trust," my mom and dad say.
The coven busies themselves with the closing of the circle once again, and then all eyes are on me. I wait until all appropriate things have been completed, then I make my way towards Emmaline. I am not completely sure how all this works, but I suppose it is something similar to what transpired with her and Dravon. I shouldn't be okay with the exchanging of blood with anyone, but somehow, this just feels natural almost like we have been doing this kind of thing our entire life. Maybe this is what destiny really is?
 As usual I feel the tingling sensation begin, but I also feel the pit of my stomach aching and my heart feels as if it might explode. It's almost a feeling I would describe as foreboding doom or anxiety, but I quickly dismiss it, blaming my nerves. I also blame my nerves to keep from thinking about Sadie. Who am I kidding? Sadie has plagued my thoughts since our arrival here. Maybe that is why I am feeling this way. I can't seem to shake the feeling that something is terribly wrong. Let's just get this done, so I can find Sadie.
Em, looks at me with a sad smile on her face and replies. "James, relax this won't take long. I want to find her just as much as you do." 
I join hands with her but she has whispered quietly enough so only I can hear her. I must have a questioning look on my face because she smiles again. 
"Telepathy, you know, Dravon gave me one-fifth of my magic, and the gift of telepathy. I can hear your thoughts, but unlike Dravon, I can't communicate that way with you." 
I just smile back at her and all too readily dismiss the feelings I am having. I will soon find out how wrong I was to do just that. One should always go with their gut feeling about something, and never dismiss something that just seems terribly wrong.
Molly begins to speak again, but all sound is cut off as soon as my wolf hearing picks up fast approaching footsteps. I mean this must be a cheetah it's moving so fast. I try to turn to warn everyone, but as I turn my head slightly, I see just a blur of madness around me. We are surrounded by people I have never seen before.
I try to call out to my father as I start to change into my wolf form but I see my father lying on the ground unconscious. I am hit in the back of the head with a force that just about breaks my neck. My head snaps to the side and I taste blood. The last thoughts I have are of Sadie, as I chastise myself at my hesitancy to change in the moment that I could have. Darkness takes over my mind, numbness takes over my body, and the ache that was in my heart is now gone for this moment.


Chapter Twenty Three
Emmaline



I am standing there holding James's hand and the next thing I know we are being ripped from each other's grasp. Before my mind can register what is happening, I see James lying on the ground with blood pooling at the back of his head. I don't think he is dead but I know he is hurt. He is unconscious, and I take a quick look around and see that his dad has also been taken down.
Hands grab my waist, and then I am flying through the woods at a speed that makes me dizzy. I have to close my eyes to keep from throwing up. Bile rises in my throat, but I know that I’m okay if Dravon is carrying me. My head spins with his speed; making me even sicker the faster we go, and then it dawns on me we have left the circle of friends and my Gran back there. My God, what if they have hurt all of them? Panic rises in my chest.
“Dravon, we have to go back. We can't leave them! I won't run in the face of danger. Put me down.”
“Emmaline, what? Where are you? What are you talking about?”
I can hear the panic in his voice, and I know the answer to my next question. Dravon isn't carrying me. But if Dravon isn't, who is? Oh, my God! What has happened? The scene that we have left still clouds my mind. The only thing that I can think about is James and his father, lying in a pool of their, own blood. As hard as I try I can’t remember if Gran was still standing, or if she had suffered some sort of injury. I don't know what I will do without my Gran, because she is my whole world. 
My eyes are still closed but I can feel the breeze on my cheek. Just as fast as this ordeal began it stops and I am standing near Gran's cabin. I see the black BMW that I recognize from the next door neighbors, but what would my neighbor want with me? That is my last conscious thought as the rag is put over my mouth, and the smell of chloroform threatens to make me empty the entirety of my stomach contents.

 
Chapter Twenty Four
Jasper



We have formed a plan, and everyone knows what they have to do. This is when I make the world see that vampires are the vilest of creatures. It's my job to grab Emmaline, because I will not trust her to anyone. She is the key to bringing down the supernatural world. We will cease to exist. I told my crew that no one is to die by our hands, but take out the Protector and any other wolves first.
"Kaleb, take out the Protector. He is the one by her side right now. Whatever you do, don't let that Protector ceremony be completed," I instruct. "Liam, take out the only other wolf inside the circle." He nods in agreement. "We would use a dart gun to take them down, but we don't have those. So this metal crowbar laced with Wolf's bane will take them down. We have about thirty minutes after they are rendered helpless to get away. Her Protector will stop at nothing to find her, so attack fast, keep the upper hand, and get what we came for and get out. Understood?"
"Yes, boss," they say in unison.
We make our way to the clearing, and we are in full vampire speed. They won't know we are here until it's over, or at least that’s what I am hoping will happen. Liam is on my right side, and Kaleb is on my left. Liam pounds what looks to be the Protector's father, and the only other wolf in the circle, in the back of the head. It's not easy, and it takes three hits to bring the massive man down, and the entire time he is growling and snarling. The wolf's bane isn’t allowing him to change, but it is causing a lot of pain. Finally when I think all hope is gone, he collapses with blood pooling around his head. Wolves are fast healers, and I know it won't take long for him to be back at one hundred percent. Kaleb reaches the Protector as I reach Emmaline, and chaos ensues all around us. Kaleb repeats the same thing that Liam just accomplished with the bigger wolf. The same results occur, another bloody wolf lying at the feet of the Chosen.
It is my chance, now or never, as they say. I pick up Emmaline and we are moving through the woods with only the speed a vampire can muster. She closes her eyes, because vampire traveling can be very traumatic to one that doesn't travel this way. What she does next though really surprises me. Actually I am expecting the complete opposite. She snuggles down into my neck making herself at home, almost becoming one with my body. I feel my heart almost as if it could leap up into my throat, because the only other girl to make me have feelings that I am having right now was my beloved Jess. 
We arrive at the SUV, and although she was once snuggled up to me I can hear the erratic beating of her heart. The only explanation I can think of is she thinks I am her Soulmate, but none the less I have to stop the panic. I can't have her screaming for help, because they will find us quickly. It is a good thing that I have the leftover chloroform from Sadie, and with cloth in hand, I cover her mouth before she even knows what is happening.
"I won't hurt you if you just behave. We have much to do my dear, Emmaline." I am now holding an almost lifeless Emmaline in my arms. Kaleb opens the door and I deposit her into the back seat of the SUV. I don't have time to think about my crew, but going into this situation I knew they were all disposable. My next move is to get to the warehouse with her. I decide not to text this time, because talking is faster. I have a lot to explain to Bethany.
Bethany picks up on the second ring.
"Yes," she says clipped.
"I’m on my way." I am cut off in mid-sentence.
"Yes, why are you disturbing me with this idiocy then?" Bethany asks in true bitchy Bethany form.
"Well, if you would have taken more than five seconds to listen to me then I would have explained," I spit back just as snidely.
"Speak then!" she says angrily but with a boredom that is Bethany.
"My crew followed instructions as told, but ...." I am cut off again, mid-sentence, and I’m beginning to lose my patience.
"I've never heard anyone complain about their crew doing as instructed," she says.
"Bethany! Shut it! This is important,” I say with a snarl and I think I have her attention now.
"Listen vampire, I can just as easily leave you to find another witch. Talk to me like that again, and that's exactly what will be done. Now, speak. I'm listening," she says and I know I have her full attention.
"As I was saying, my crew followed instructions as told but in doing so they have allowed the Keeper and Soulmate part of the Ceremony to be completed. Is that going to be a problem?" I ask apprehensively, because I think I already know the answer to that question.
"You imbeciles! Yes, that is going to be a problem. By allowing the Keeper Ceremony to take place, her Keeper can put a locator spell on her. By allowing the Soulmate bond to take place, her Soulmate can communicate with her telepathically. Yes! We now have major problems to contend with," she says and pauses. 
I take this as a cue to start asking questions.
"Can the spells not be undone? Can they not be unbound? What can we do to fix this?" I ask anxiously with a rapid fire of questions.
"Listen carefully to my instructions and follow them exactly. Maybe I can salvage what you idiots have let transpire. Maybe, just maybe, this isn't as bad as it seems. Can you do as instructed?" she asks in a condescending tone.
"Yes, Bethany," I say in an impatient tone, because I'm quickly losing my temper with this witch. I could easily just snap her neck at this particular second, but I need her.
"Here's my list. 1 - I will need to come to you, because I need to do a cloaking spell so that her Keeper won't be able to find her with a locator spell. I will also have to put a ward on the place you will be keeping her to keep out unwanted supernaturals. 2 - Gather up everyone that is allowed in and out of the place she will be held so that they can be present during the casting of the spell. 3 - Keep her blindfolded if she awakens. Don't let her know where she is going or where she is at, because she can telepathically communicate that to her Soulmate. It is going to take at least 48 hours or more to rid her body of his blood, so that she can accept yours. I am hoping that it is just 48 hours, because you said that you have her Healer captured and she will turn seventeen soon but we don't know the exact time. Even though they aren't bound, her healer, being fae, can heal her and her natural instincts will kick in shortly after she receives her powers on the hour of her birth. I would suggest that either your Healer make an elixir that will keep Emmaline sedated or I will have Haven and a few of my more powerful witches make the sedation elixir. 4 – In exactly 48 hours we will meet at this warehouse as planned, and if all goes well, and then our own binding ceremony can proceed. Any questions?" she asks.
"I will text you the address of where I am holding her and the healer captive. I will round up the crew members that are allowed to be there, as you said. I think that it will be best if Haven and your more powerful witches bring the sedation elixir. I don't necessarily think that my paid healer has that kind of ability. I am hoping that it only takes 48 hours to rid her body of his blood, and of course, I will meet you at the warehouse in exactly 48 hours," I say confirming that I have understood her instructions, and that I really don't have any questions. I already knew as much, and now all I can do is hope for the best.
"Oh, and Jasper."
"Yes."
"Good luck. I am hoping the sedation elixir will work, because the binding part of the Soulmate ceremony states that without him she can live, but she will be in excruciating pain. He can't live without her, because she has now become his life force. That may work to our advantage though, because he can't feed and will be weakened."
"Is it possible to make a pain elixir for her?" I ask worriedly. 
"Yes, it is possible. The problem is that it will not reduce the pain much; in fact it won't even take the edge off. So ready yourself for at least 36 of the 48 hours to be plagued with screams of agony."
"Whatever," I say and hang up the cell. The abrupt end to the call is for two reasons. One of them being that Emmaline is waking up, and the second being that the information that was just given to me bothers me. I can't let the others see that it does though, because they will think I'm weak and that is something I will not tolerate.
Emmaline is now struggling in the back seat; so again, the chloroform is used to subdue her. As she quiets down, I can't help wonder who made it out of that battle alive. Who will end up at my place? It dawns on me that the crew doesn't know about the new developments in the plan.
Kaleb is driving me, and he has been right by my side the entire time. After he took the Protector down, it was his job to make sure that Emmaline and I got out of there safely as possible. He did his job, well.
"Kaleb, we are going back to my place." 
"Yes, boss. I heard." 
I remember he has vampiric hearing. "Text the others and fill them in on the new developments." I give an exasperated sigh.
"I'll take care of it. No worries, boss." His fingers hurriedly type out a mass text to everyone. Who will show up is yet to be seen.



Chapter Twenty Five
Liam



I take out the massive wolf, but it is no easy task in doing so. Once I am finished with that particular part, it is my job to ensure everyone else gets out safely. I look around to see that I have failed in this endeavor. There are bloody bodies strewn everywhere. Some are vampires, wolves, and witches but I see that Jasper and Kaleb have disappeared with the Chosen, so at least that part was accomplished. 
Drew is lying nearby me in a heap with a wooden stake driven through his heart. I know he is no longer with us so I move on, looking around me to see if I can find any more of our crew in the same predicament. I find that Chase, Daniel, Sarah and Joseph have all met the same fate as Drew.
I see the High Priestess and a few other people from her coven in the middle of the circle. I can only assume they are witches. They are holding hands and chanting something that I can hear loudly, but I can't understand the words. The clouds are darkening, rain is starting to fall heavily, thunder crackles loud in the distance, and lightning is striking all around us taking down trees. The storm is taking on a rotation to it, and I know that the powerful magic they are conjuring is creating a tornado, a massive one from the looks of things. Rain is pouring down so hard it is making it difficult for me to move.
I see tears streaming down the Keeper’s face, and I know that parts of the tears are being shed because the Chosen has been taken. Looking down I see another reason for the tears. The High Priestess that initiated the Keeper in this ceremony is lying at the Keeper’s feet. I can tell by the way that the skin at her neck has been ripped into, and the fact that her body has been drained of blood that this is Drew's handy work. She lays lifeless on the ground, and her eyes hold no light as they did before the ceremony began.
It's at this moment that I realize why I am teamed up with Jasper. What kind of person, Immortal or not, Vampire or not, could do this to a person? A woman that has lived a life of goodness from what I can tell, during the little bit of the ceremony I saw, now lies on the ground dead; because we can't control ourselves when we see the sight of blood. 
The storm is worsening by the minute, and golf ball sized hailstones has been added. I am pelted with stinging rain and painful hail. The wind has picked up, and it is increasing in speed with every rotation. I know that it is time to vacate the clearing, and I turn to my left to give the signal to what's left of our crew, letting them know to move out. My eye catches something that breaks my heart. The beautiful girl that had caught my eye during the casting of the circle lies at my feet. I can tell by looking at her neck that this wasn't Drew. That particular bite came from Sarah, and I know from the lifeless eyes that stare up at me that the world has lost a beautiful soul.
This girl was not much older than me, and it is as if destiny or fate is laughing at us, like it has a sense of humor. Sarah the vampire has murdered Sara the beautiful witch. I had watched this girl the entire time I was here. Her long strawberry blonde hair, piercing blue eyes, petite frame, and beautiful angelic face had me mesmerized. The blue cocktail dress she wore that hugged her every curve called out to my vampire senses, but now I am just disgusted to see it under her ceremonial robes that have been ripped from her body leaving the dress that was once beautiful, soaked in blood from the bite. It was only soaked at the top though, because Sarah drained the rest of her blood for her own satisfaction.
I am standing here about to weep over this girl that I had become infatuated with over the short period of time I stood and watched the ceremony. I think about how pissed off Jasper will be when what is left of us returns to him. I am distracted by a chorus of texts. I hear everyone's phone chirp, thanks to the ever so sensitive hearing of vampires, because this storm is something fierce now. Bodies are starting to be lifted off the ground by the wind. I search in my pocket for my phone, in haste, to see what Jasper's instructions are, because I know it is him texting us.
I don't get a chance to read that text though, because the phone is snatched out of my hand. I feel an agonizing stab that pierces into my back and a fierce push, as someone plunges a wooden stake through my back into my heart. With my last breath, I manage to get the signal called out to alert everyone that it’s time to retreat. The last face that I see when I look up, as the light fades into darkness, is the Soulmate. He is sneering down at me with a hatred that is almost unfathomable. I should be sad, I should be scared, and I should have regrets, but as I fade away, all I feel is overwhelming peace that this monstrous existence is over, and maybe I can tell Sara that I am sorry for what happened to her. That is if I am going to the same place that she went when she died.



Chapter Twenty Six
Dravon



I watch as chaos ensues all around us in a puzzled state of shock at first, until I realize that Emmaline has been taken. I start to panic about Emmaline when bodies catch my eye. The first is James, and I see a lot of blood. The second is James's mother holding his father’s head in her lap, again with massive amounts of blood. Panic takes up residence in my body. I am in a state of shock, and pure terror threatens to make me hysterical. I am at their bodies in a second. I check for a pulse and find one, so I move on to other casualties. I feel a presence at my side and look to my right at Ren. 
I see that Sara has been bitten and it looks as if her body has been drained of blood, and standing over her is one of the newborn vampires that I have been watching. I'm furious that this has happened, and before I can process what I am doing I have snapped off one of the oak tree branches. I remember Molly telling me that this place had magical protection against unwanted supernaturals or one's that mean them harm. I have every intention of staking this newborn vampire but before I get to that part Ren has already staked him. He uses his last breath for a loud sing song whistle, and the last thing that this vampire sees is my sneering face as he fades into darkness. He doesn’t look frightened to die, he almost looks relieved. 
The whistle must have been a signal to leave, because I see what few vampires that are left retreating from the clearing. The storm that the witches have conjured is massive, and it is gaining more violence as they chant. I am trying to make it to the center of the circle where they stand holding hands chanting, but the storm is so powerful I can hardly move. The rain, hail, and winds are pushing me back with every step I take. Ren is with me and we advance very slowly towards them, and it is no use trying to scream because they would never hear us over this storm. They need to know that the danger is over, so that we can assess the damage, and finish the ceremony. It's more apparent that it needs to be finished now than it ever has been.
We have made it a few steps when we come across yet another body. It's the body of Johen. He was a part of the circle casting so therefore, an elder of the Coven. He has a different mark to his neck, and it looks as if whoever drained his blood was trying to be neat about it. 
I immediately know the vampire who did this is dead, because I drove a stake through her heart. I think her name was Sarah, because as I was causing her to meet her untimely demise, one of her crew alerted her to my presence telling her to be careful. She called back to him saying "Chase, behind...." but that was the last words she spoke as I drove the stake through her heart. I feel sick to my stomach that I had to do such a thing, but they were attacking and killing people.
As I looked to the right, the guy named Chase that she tried to warn is on the ground. Ren has taken him out the same way I took Sarah out. Ren looks just as pained as I feel, but at Chase's feet is one of the coven members who obviously met the same death as the others. He wasn't part of the circle casting ceremony so I don't know his name.
Ren and I continue to make it to the middle of that circle before these witches take out everyone in the city. I am almost brought to my knees by her voice.
“Dravon, we have to go back. We can't leave them! I won't run in the face of danger. Put me down.”
“Emmaline, what? Where are you? What are you talking about?”
Ren has stopped because I have abruptly hit the ground on my knees holding my head. What kind of Soulmate am I that I didn't even check to see if she was alive, hurt, or anything? Apparently someone is carrying her, and she thinks it's me.
“Emmaline, Do you know who has taken you?”
"Oh my God, Ren, someone has taken Emmaline!"
"Are you communicating with her? Son, find out who has her, where she is at. We must stop at nothing to find her," Ren says as calmly as possible.
"She told me that we have to go back. We can't leave them! I won't run in the face of danger. Put me down. That is all I have heard. She hasn't answered any of my questions. It's total silence," I say panicked.
"Dravon, we need the witches to stop this storm first. I will call Asher and explain the situation. I am sure that Molly can do a locator spell on her."
There is a new determination in my step as we make it to the center of the circle where the witches stand. We know they won't be able to hear us, so Ren and I grab a few and we furiously pull them apart, causing them to lose grip of each other’s hands. The chanting stops as they look around to assess for danger, but the storm still rages on. 
"Molly, the danger is over. They have retreated, and unfortunately, they have what they came for. Please put a stop to this terrible storm, so that we will be able to find her," Ren says
"Ren, how many casualties are there?" Molly asks shaken.
"Molly, please let's focus on one thing at a time," Ren says with a small reassuring smile.
I think he purposely left out the fact that Emmaline has been taken, so that they can focus on stopping the storm they've created. He also avoids the question of how many casualties there are. I am struggling to stay upright now that the adrenaline has worn off. I need to feed, but since the binding ceremony has taken place Emmaline has become my only source of food. 
“Emmaline, can you tell me if you are hurt? Where are you? Who has you? Emmaline, please speak to me. Please be okay!”
She doesn't answer me, and it feels as if a hole has been ripped in my heart. The storm is dying down. The witches have been in the circle chanting while I was trying to communicate with Em. Once the storm stopped its rotation, Molly flicks her wrist as if to dismiss someone. I am astonished because she didn't dismiss anyone. She dismissed that storm with just a flick of her wrist. How bad ass is that?
I suddenly notice through all the pain I am feeling from not being able to feed, and watching Molly dismiss a storm that three people have now joined us. James, his mother, and father are standing at our sides, which is very impressive considering all the blood pooled around their seemingly lifeless body just a few minutes ago. I am doubled over with pain when I try to speak to them. It feels like I haven't eaten in days. My heart feels like it is being ripped from my chest, and it's excruciatingly painful.
"Whoever did this took out my entire pack or they would've come to help. Does anyone know what they wanted? Or what happened?" Grayson asks.
"They have Emmaline. She has communicated with me, but so far hasn't been able to respond since the first communication," I say and hear gasps as I'm collapsing
When I start to come back to consciousness I hear a voice, but it is like my eyes are glued shut. I can't seem to open them, and pain racks my body like a bulldozer is running over me repeatedly.
"She has been taken by what seems to be a group of newborn vampires, but I did see a few older vampires that had more control. Dravon has spoken telepathically to her, but she hasn't spoken back. He says it's total silence," Ren says and pauses. "Yes, that confirms my thoughts." 
I realize that I am hearing a one-sided phone conversation.
"Yes, I will keep Chloe and you apprised of the situation," Ren says and I hear his phone shut but I still can't open my eyes. I can barely breathe for the pain that is rasping my lungs. I need Emmaline, and I need her now. How am I going to be strong enough to communicate with her or rescue her if I can't feed? This is the last thought I have as I fade back into darkness, my body not able to take the pain of being separated from Emmaline and not feeding. 
That is some strong magic that was used to bind us, because there are not a lot of things that can affect a vampire in this way. I haven't felt like this since the day that I died of leukemia. We have to find her, and it needs to be soon.


Chapter Twenty Seven
Molly



I take a look around and am astonished at the damage the storm has caused. I am also so very saddened by Ella's death. I can't remember a time hardly that she hasn't been a part of my life. When I was introduced to this Coven it was by Ella. The world has lost a beautiful soul and a very powerful witch this day. My heart is nearly broken. I should have listened to my gut feeling, I should have known, that the feelings of foreboding doom, wasn't just about Sadie, and I should have known to alert the other coven members to the feelings that I was having. 
All the should-haves aren't going to bring back Ella. Some of the witches of my coven and I chanted the reverse spell to dissipate the storm. I flicked my wrist dismissing it, thanking the Goddesses for their protection.
"Ren, the storm is over. You can now answer my questions," I say visibly upset, but I am not upset at Ren. 
"Molly, please sit," Ren asks.
"I am fine. Just tell me what I want to know, now!" I say aggressively and flinch, because I know he is only trying to protect me.
"Here is my best estimate. It looks as if we have lost Ella, Johen, Sara, and a member of the coven that I didn't know. Dravon and I have staked six of the newborn vampires that attacked us. All of them were killed due to their acts of violence, causing the death of our friends," Ren says as he hangs his head in shame.
I lift his head and his eyes meet mine. 
"Renford, do not blame yourself for this. You are a good man, and you have only done what was necessary to assure our safety. You are the sweetest man I know, a doctor that saves lives. I have never seen you act even remotely mean to anyone as long as I have known you. You lift your head, and you let go of the shame that is plaguing you. We need each other to get through the loss and the pain. I have a feeling that this is not over yet, and we will have to be prepared for what comes next. Do you understand?" I ask him as sweetly as I can, but I speak to him somewhat harshly letting him know that he has to put away the feelings of guilt.
"There is more, Molly." 
It is now that I notice that Dravon is on the ground writhing in pain. I see Grayson and James standing nearby him trying to console him. He seems to be in the worst pain that I have ever seen anyone endure in my entire life. I look around trying to find Emmaline, because I know that Dravon needs to feed. My eyes meet Ren's and I start to speak but he cuts me off.
"They have taken Emmaline. I am sure that she hasn't seen who her captor is, because she communicated with Dravon just before everything went pure silent. I just finished speaking with Asher. He has confirmed what I already suspected. For it to be pure silence in Dravon's mind, can only mean one of three things. She is either knocked out, sedated, or she is dead. Now before you panic, listen to me. They wouldn't have taken her if they meant her dead. They would have just killed her, and left her lying here as they so carelessly left the others. They want Emmaline because they know of her status. She is still alive Molly, because I can just feel it in my gut. My guess is that they knocked her out for transport, and now have her sedated." Ren puts his arm around my waist to steady me. 
"We don't have time to waste. Lily, can you see to your packs injuries? Grayson and James, can you carry Dravon back to the cabin for me? Jordan, since you are one of the Elders that helped cast the circle can I entrust in you the task of gathering our dead, and getting our coven to safety? You know where to go. Please go there and wait for me. When I am finished, I will be there to give the dead a proper burial. I will text you if I need members to help, but unless I do so, with the code word at the end of the text, do not leave. I can't lose any more family today. You all are my family, so please do as I say and keep yourself safe. I need to go get Emmaline. She is not only my granddaughter but she is the Chosen, and our savior," I say hoping that she will do exactly as I am instructing.
"Molly, it will be my honor to lead in your absence. I will meet you in our safe haven. I will take our fallen, and await your arrival to give them the proper burial. Please text us anytime if you need us for anything." She says as she turns to walk away gathering what is left of our coven, and I can hear her voice. She is giving them instructions, but I can't hear what is being said. I trust that she will get them to safety. 
"Molly, are you ready?" Grayson asks.
James and Grayson have Dravon in their arms ready to begin the walk to the cabin. Dravon is screaming in pain, and I need to get him to the cabin quickly. I have a potion there to help with pain. I am not sure how much it will help, but it is worth a try at least. Lily has retreated to gather her pack.
I also need to do a locator spell on Emmaline. The quicker I find her, the better it will be for all of us. Dravon will need to feed soon. He can only go so many hours without her blood now that they are bound. Time is of the essence.
Once inside the cabin, the men put Dravon on my sofa. I quickly make my way down the spiral staircase to the basement to look for the potion I need to give him. Potion in hand, I leave the basement, and force the tears to stay at bay. What if Emmaline is not okay? What will I do? How can I live with myself if I let something happen to her? It's as if Ren hears my internal struggle, because he puts his arm around my waist, more for comfort this time.
We walk into the living room where Grayson and James are standing guard at the window. Dravon is on the sofa writhing in pain, and the screams are becoming more agonizing than ever now. I shudder at the sound, but Ren never lets go of my waist. I can feel emotion rolling off of him in waves. Dravon is his son in every sense of the word.
"Hey guys, hold him still for me," I say with tears in my eyes. 
I can’t stand to see him like this. I open the potion and use the dropper, putting five drops in his mouth. I think to myself that he is a vampire, and he's going to need more than that. I refill the dropper and give him five more drops. He starts to calm, and the screams are lessened to loud moans.
I go about collecting the items I need for the locator spell. I need the town map, because my intuition is telling me they are still in town. I need blood of the person or blood of a direct relative. I have those two things, and now all I need to do is find the memoire with the incantation in it. I remember I have left it on the shelf in the kitchen.
"Grayson and James, please stay with Dravon. I need full concentration to do this locator spell," I say as I walk towards the kitchen.
"We are here as long as you need, Molly. I just wished that the Protector binding had taken place so that I could track her. I feel helpless," James says deflated.
"This will work, and we will get her back. Don't worry James," I say trying to reassure both of us.
I locate the book on the shelf. I lay the map on the table, smoothing it out. I light all the candles I have, and place them like you would if you were casting a circle. I find the incantation I need in the book, and I cut my hand with the athame, dripping twenty drops of blood as it instructs to do. I find the words of the incantation, and in English it states - Locate the Chosen. Use my blood as her relative. Point on the map, her location, and track her if she moves.  
I begin the incantation in Latin as the book instructs.
"Locate electum pertinere, Operam quoque sanguinis suo affine. Point in map, eam location indaginem, si nupserit, quod." 
"Locate electum pertinere, Operam quoque sanguinis suo affine. Point in map, eam location indaginem, si nupserit, quod."
"Locate electum pertinere, Operam quoque sanguinis suo affine. Point in map, eam location indaginem, si nupserit, quod."
After the third time, the blood is supposed to move to her location, but it doesn't. I redo the spell, and still, after the third time the blood don’t move. I start to do the spell for the fourth time. The map bursts into flames, and written in blood on the table are the words I was hoping never to see - Do you take me for a fool, Molly?
My fears have been confirmed. I know the witch who is helping them, and more importantly, why. Love! It is such a powerful thing. When given freely it can be a beautiful, innocent thing that is indescribable by words themselves. When taken away, it can make you a bitter person with a vendetta against the world. Unfortunately, it is the latter one for Bethany. I hear my cell phone chirp, alerting me I have a text.
Unknown number: Surely you know I would do a cloaking spell. The place they are keeping her has also been warded against unwanted supernaturals. Don't cross me, Molly!
Molly: Bethany, it is you that should be afraid of crossing me. I will find Emmaline. Make no mistake that when I do, I will destroy you and everyone that is in my path. And I will find her! Trust me. If it's the last thing I do.
Bethany: I don't take kindly to threats. Surely you remember that Molly.
I don't even reply, because that text has taken me back in memory to the day that everyone witnessed Bethany's wrath. The reason that our Coven forced her out, stripped her of her duties, and told other covens not to accept her as an initiate. She was practicing black magic, and broke the rule of "Do no harm". Our Coven had no knowledge of the black magic until the events of that day.
She had caught her boyfriend with another girl; that girl was me and the boy was a local witch. His name was Haden, and every girl in the school had a crush on him, including me. Bethany, Haden, and I belonged to the same coven and we were committed to each other in a relationship. Coven bylaws stated he was unavailable for a relationship. He and I always followed the bylaws because we took our initiation into the Coven very seriously.
One night Haden, Lucas and I were out at the local hangout studying. We all had chemistry exams that week. Haden and I also had our Coven trials. Lucas had just moved to town, and Haden and I, not wanting him to fail chemistry, included him into our study group. Haden and I were going to practice our Coven trials later on that night, because we were the only two of the new initiates that hadn't passed all of them yet. At the time, neither one of us knew that Lucas was a vampire, because we had never seen anything out of the ordinary and he seemed nice enough.
Bethany found out where we were and decided to confront us about the relationship she thought we were having. So she showed up at the local diner that was near the hangout spot for teens. Before we knew it, Bethany was screaming at Haden that he would be sorry for betraying her. All the while he was calmly trying to tell her nothing was going on.
The events that occurred next I can't explain, because once I saw Lucas turn, and never seeing a vampire before, shocked me beyond belief. I was in such shock that when stupor wore off, I was sitting in the middle of a devastatingly crumbled diner with Haden's almost lifeless body lying near me, with his bloody head wrapped in my shirt lying in my lap. Lucas was nowhere to be found and the woods were on fire, the diner's windows had been busted out, the chairs and booths had been tossed about. It looked as if a tornado had torn the place to shreds. That tornado's name was Bethany, and the black magic she had been practicing was her enabler. So to say that Bethany hated me or that we have a horrible history would be an understatement. Now what?
I'm snapped out of my memory when Ren speaks.
"Molly, who was that? What's going on?" Ren asks worriedly.
"A witch that used to be a part of our coven. She was thrown out due to practicing dark magic, and breaking the rule of 'Do no harm'," I explain filling him in on all details.
"I think that it is time to gather the Coven for help," Ren says.
"You are correct, and I think we are going to need all the help we can get."


Chapter Twenty Eight
Emmaline



I awake to pure darkness that surrounds me. Where am I? I hear a faint muffled sob close by. I hold my breath and listen carefully. I can smell cherry blossom perfume, and recognition dawns on me. I have discovered why she has missed the initiation ceremony. My thoughts drift to Dravon's icy blue eyes and an immediate shiver travels down my spine. I can still feel his hands caressing my shoulder, his lips devouring mine, and his complete unconditional, loving stare as we repeated the soul mate vows.
But where am I? I start to panic as I focus back to reality, snapping out of the memory. I need to stay focused. Dear God, what is wrong with me? I have been kidnapped and deposited in total darkness, and I am thinking about Dravon. Focus Em, good grief, what is wrong with you?
"Sadie?" I speak as quietly as I can muster with panic gripping my insides, while grasping for some semblance of hope that it really is her that I smell. 
"Yes."
I hear her whisper. An overwhelming happiness pushes the panic away for the moment. I have found her, but where are we? 
"Sadie, where are we?"  
"I have no idea, or how long I have been here." 
I can hear the tears and panic in her voice.
"They wanted you, and they got you. I couldn't stop it, and I am so sorry, Em." 
 "Sadie, this isn't your fault. Do you hear me? Now stop that shit right now, and let's figure out how to get the hell out of here!" I exclaim.
"You're not going anywhere!"  
Panic seizes me as soon as I hear that snide voice. That is the same voice that I heard as I passed out at the ceremony. What am I going to do? I instinctively reach out telepathically.
“Dravon, please hear me! Sadie and I are being held in a makeshift cell somewhere.”
“Oh no, you don’t!”
Extreme pressure to the back of my head and all went black.


Chapter Twenty Nine
Davon



“Emmaline, where are you?” I wait to hear her voice, but fear and icy terror grip my insides when I don't get a response. I don't even feel her presence in my mind, and that must mean she is unconscious. Have they hurt her? Who are they? Oh God, what am I going to do? It is almost time for me to feed, and she is my life force, and without her I will surely die. Who will find her and Sadie then? I hear a quiet footstep behind me, and I look up to find James staring at me intently.
"I feel her anguish, fear, terror, panic, and pain but I can't seem to get a location on her. What has happened? Dravon, is Sadie with her? Are they hurt?" James asks.
"I don't know James, but I do know that Sadie is with her. I feel so helpless." My body is overtaken with pain. 
The agonizing screams follow soon after, and I can feel hands holding me down again. Molly is force-feeding me the potion but instead of ten drops she gives me fifteen this time. I must be getting worse. The drops help with the pain but they don't make me unconscious. I can still hear what is being said. I know the group of newborn vampires has a powerful witch working with them who practices black magic. Bethany better pray her black magic works and that I don't find her, because I won't hesitate to rip her damn neck from her shoulders.

Chapter Thirty
Emmaline



I wake to a woman chanting words that I don't understand. A few days ago I wouldn't have realized that she is a witch, but a few days ago I wouldn't have been a witch myself. A few minutes later I feel hands on me, but before I have time to panic they are pouring a liquid down my throat that makes me want to gag. It smells horrid, and it taste even worse.
"If you vomit, we will have to knock you out again. I don't want to hurt you, but I will if I have to."
"Who are you?" I need all the information that I can for Dravon.
"Jasper."
"Jasper, why are you doing this? Why me?" 
"You are the Chosen of course."
"The what?" I decide to play stupid, and see if it will work to my advantage.
"Don't play dumb with me, Emmaline. Let's just be straight with each other. This won't take long, just 48 hours for his vile blood to be out of your system. Then our ceremony will take place. Bethany assures me that within thirty minutes you will be in so much pain that you won't be able to hold a conversation. I am sorry for that, but that is what the elixir was for, and I hope it works."
"Who's Bethany?" True enough, the pain kicks in, and I can't hold back the loud moan that escapes me.
"I do believe this conversation is over for now. Try to rest." 
"Sadie!" I call in between sobs of agony.
"Yes, I'm right here," she says reaching out and touching me.
As soon as Sadie's hands touch my skin, I feel warmth from head to toe. Although we are in pure blackness, what we see shocks us. Sadie's fingertips sparkle with pink, blue, purple, green, and red light. The light spreads through the entire makeshift cell. She rubs her hand over my heart, and speaks in a language I don't understand.
"Tome toda a dor de distancia facéndose a libre de dor. Curar ese corazón partido que foi detectado. Fixar e facer a conexión máis forte." 
Immediately every ounce of pain is now reduced to a slight discomfort. I am in awe of what just happened.
"Sadie, first of all, English please."
"Take all pain away making her pain free. Heal this broken heart that has been detected. Mend and make the bond stronger. That is what it means in English. What language it is and how I know it ... your guess is as good as mine."
"Oh my God, Sadie, so much has happened since you have been captured."
"Well since we aren't going anywhere anytime soon, we have plenty of time to catch up. They are gone, Em. I heard them talking about some battle and a few of their crew being killed."
"Are you sure you’re ready for this? It is completely crazy. I think you may not believe me."
"From what I’ve heard in here, these guys are vampires, for real, or they think they are anyway; so at this point nothing is surprising me. Em, when have I ever not believed you?"
"Sadie these guys are for real vampires. I am going to give you the quick version of the story. I am not sure why they want us, what is happening, or what is going to happen. What I do know is that I think everything will be okay. My gran is a witch."
"Yes, I know that Em. She practices Paganism as her religion."
"No, Sadie, a true witch that possesses magical powers without a spell being cast. It has been in our bloodline for generations. I am a witch, and I am the Chosen."
"Yeah, I heard Jasper say that, but what does that mean?"
"I’m not sure about all the details as of yet, but the Chosen is supposed to save the supernatural race from total destruction. I have to be bound to four people. My Soulmate, My Keeper, My Protector, My Healer, and then well all have to be bound together."
"Bound together?"
"Yes, by magic, and for life."
"Holy crap, Em, can this day get any more unbelievable? I have missed a lot, but who are these people you have to be bound to?"
Sadie is taking this better than I thought she would. I am guessing being kidnapped, held captive for days, and the people holding you captive being vampires helps you to believe anything. She is being very receptive to what I am saying.
"You are taking this well, Sadie."
"Em, you have never lied to me. I have a feeling in my heart that everything you are telling me is true. I can't explain it, but it seems natural what just happened when I made you feel better, and knowing that language. I sound like I am nuts, I know; so if we are going nuts, at least we’re going together, sista. We’re riding the crazy train."
I smile a little knowing that Sadie is back and that I can hear hope in her voice. One way or another, we will get out of here. If it is the last thing that I ever accomplish in my life, I will at least get us out of here.
"The people that I am to be bound to have already been revealed and some of the ceremonies have already taken place. Gran is my Keeper, and she was the first person I was bound to. You already know she is a witch. Dravon is my Soulmate and a vampire. He was the second. James is my Protector and a werewolf or wolf shifter. We were in the middle of that ceremony when chaos broke out, and I was kidnapped. I don't know if the others made it out alive."
I feel tears streaming down my face, and I hadn't even realized I had been crying. Sadie reaches over and squeezes my hand reassuringly. She always has had a way of making me feel better, and I am so glad that I have found my best friend. I reach over and hug her. I can feel her cold body, and she flinches from my touch. I know she is hurt, but I won't ask her about that just yet. I know she is trying to be strong for both of us. That is what Sadie does. It's her way of dealing with things, and I will let her do just that.
"Hold up! Stop the crazy train! James is a wolf? Oh my God, Emmaline!" she says, and her voice lets me know she is panicking.
"Listen Sadie, he’s still the same person. Being bound to me gives him the ability to only phase when needed. You will never know that he is even a wolf unless he lets you see it. Why does that bother you so much? I thought you said you could care less about James," I ask with a smirk, and add that last statement to meddle a little bit. 
"Em, please don't tell me, you don't know that I am head over heels in love with that boy."
"I guess this is a good thing because once you are bound to me. James and you will be soul mates for life."
"Whoa ... slow down ... wait just a minute ... come again?" 
"Well, what you just did by healing me, let's me know that you are my Healer. The Supernatural Immortals History Book says that once bound to me I give you both the ability to be someone's Soulmate and that my Protector and my Healer will be soulmates."
"Okay, for one, Emmaline, I need that book. For two, what makes you so sure I am a healer much less your healer?" she asks disbelievingly.
It's like fate answers her, because at this point in the conversation my body is wracked with pain. I let out an agonized scream, and my body feels as if it's being pulled apart by some invisible force. Again, as soon as Sadie's hands touch my skin I feel warmth from head to toe. The pure blackness is lit up by Sadie's glowing fingertips, and due to so much pain, it was only later I discovered the bruising on her face and the blood caked in her hair. Sadie's fingertips are sparkling with pink, blue, purple, green, and red light. The light spreads through my entire body this time just like it spread through the makeshift cell. She rubs her hand over my heart.
"Tome toda a dor de distancia facéndose a libre de dor. Curar ese corazón partido que foi detectado. Fixar e facer a conexión máis forte. Curar esta fermosa alma, fortalecer os lazos."
Immediately every ounce of pain lessened to just a miniscule nuisance. I am positively sure that she is my Healer, and again I am in awe of what just happened. I should be used to these things by now but they will take some getting used to. This world never ceases to amaze me so far. The silence tells me my screams have stopped, and I am able to continue the conversation.
"What was that last part you said?"
"Heal this beautiful soul, strengthen the bonds."
"Umm, you know a language you have never spoken before just out of the blue. And you have a problem with believing you are a healer?"
"Point taken," she says.
I can hear a smirk in her voice. "Anyway, being bound has its perks. I received the gift of telepathy and I can communicate that way with Dravon, but I've yet to hear anyone else's thoughts except James’s at the Ceremony. I am guessing I need more practice. Gran will teach me, guide me, and help me learn to use and control my gifts."
"You said you were bound to your Gran?"
"Yeah."
"What gift did she give you?"
"She gave me the gift of psychokinesis/precognition. I don't know exactly what that entails, but as I said before I have yet to be able to use any of my magic, except I have been able to communicate with James once at the Ceremony and Dravon, since this morning."
"What? And you didn't tell me."
"Oh, I guess I should have told you the most important part. You can't tell a mortal these things or it is punishable by death. The supernatural race will have to kill them to keep the secret."
"You guess!?!? Holy shit, Em that should have been the first thing you told me; and Em, why are you explaining all this when you should be communicating to Dravon?"
"Because Sadie, I needed you to understand."
"You can explain the rest later, please just tell Dravon where we are at, so he can get us out of here."
"The problem is I don't know exactly where we are, because I was knocked out the entire ride here."
"Let me guess, chloroform?"
I am feeling deflated, and I don't know what I’m going to do to get us out of here. I was knocked out the entire trip here. What could I tell Dravon? Will they be able to find us before Dravon's blood is out of my system? I don't want another person's blood in my body. I love Dravon. He is my life. He is my world, my soul, my heart, and everything now. These feelings are so strong I can't dismiss them, nor do I want to. It was true when the book stated that my heart would beat for us both. It is pounding out of my chest right now at the thought of having another man's blood inside my body. I feel dirty and violated at just the thought of it.
“You have just told me the best thing that you could have ever said to me. I love you too, Em, with all of my heart, body, and soul. What other person are you talking about? I will kill him if he so much as lays a finger on you. I will find you, Em. If it's the last thing I do. I won't let him hurt you. Is there anything that you can tell me about where you are?”
“Thank God, Dravon, I wasn't trying to communicate with you, because I wasn't sure I could. I just know that we are in a makeshift cell. That is what Jasper said. It is completely dark here. They can see but we can't. I am assuming they are all vampires.”
“Em, who is we? Who is this Jasper?”
“Sadie is with me like I said before, and we are in the cell together. Jasper is the vampire that kidnapped me, and he was the one carrying me when I thought it was you. I am so sorry, Dravon. I should have known.”
“Em, shhhh ... it's going to be okay, babe. You couldn't have known. Baby girl, this is so new to you. Are you hurt? Is Sadie hurt?”
“No, I'm not hurt. I think Sadie is though, but she hasn't said anything true to normal Sadie fashion. She winced when I hugged her. I can't see the extent of her injuries because it is too black in here. I don't understand why she can't heal herself.”
“Em, how long did it take you to get to where you are? Did he carry you the whole way? What do you mean heal herself?”
“He carried me to the SUV hidden near Gran's house. I don't know how long it took to get here, because he used chloroform to knock me out. She's my Healer, Dravon, and she is keeping the pain under control. She was able to just lay hands on me, say some words, and then everything got weird. Her fingertips lit up with a multicolored light, she said the words and my pain subsided to just a minor discomfort. She doesn't know what language she is speaking but she can translate it. The second time she did this she added a few words and I had just a miniscule amount of pain left.
“Pain? Why are you in pain? Your Gran has a plan. I will get back to you.”
“Dravon, please stay with me. I am scared. I don't know why I am in pain or where the pain is coming from.”
“Em, I will never leave you. I will always stay.”
“The answer is yes.”
“Huh?”
“Yes, as soon as we make it out of this alive I want to marry you. I want the world to know you are mine. I know this is happening so fast, but I love you more than I have ever loved anyone.”
“Emmaline, you don't know how happy that makes me. I want to have that forever love with you. You will make it out of this alive. This is promise to you and Sadie too.”
After that it's like I lose connection with him. I can feel an overwhelming pain, and then he is just gone, like he put up a telepathic wall. I don't think he would shut me out in my time of need. Would he? He just promised to stay with me. Something had to have happened. I am lost in my own thoughts and don't notice it has become very quiet in the cell.
She's not going to be able to tell him where we are being held. We are going to die in here and if we don't, what happens then? 
"Sadie, I’m going to do my best to tell him where we are; we are not going to die in here. We will figure out all of this once we are free," I say back to her, oblivious to the fact that I have just heard her thoughts.
"Em, you do realize I didn't say any of that out loud right?"
"Well, I didn't until now. I hear something."
"Quickly Em, you need to start screaming in pain. I don't think they realize that I can heal you without us being bound. We can use that to our advantage, and the telepathy needs to be kept secret as well. If you can read his thoughts, maybe you can get that information to Dravon."
I hear footsteps getting louder, and I begin to scream as if I am in pain. It is not all a show either because the pain is starting up again. I know Sadie senses the screams are not all put on, but she can't help me while they are watching. I don’t tell Sadie, but I don’t think she can heal fully, yet. I’m not sure why she can heal me without being bound to me. It’s a mystery.
A woman enters the cell and I can't see her, but I recognize her smell. It's the same woman that was chanting over me when I woke up earlier. She hands me a bottle of liquid.
"Drink it yourself this time. Don't make us hold you down! My patience is wearing thin with this whole ordeal," she says with an anger-laced tone.
So I do as I am told, but this elixir must be stronger because I can feel my eyes getting heavy almost immediately. The last thing I hear before I drift off to sleep is the woman's thoughts. 
“That should keep her asleep for a little while. I’ll go out my mind if she screams any more. What a bunch of damn weaklings.
And then I hear Sadie's thought, which breaks my heart.
“I'm her healer. I am not supposed to be broken, but he has broken me. Will I ever be the same? I have to be. They're depending on me to save her, but what If I can't. I need someone to save me, but who will that be?”



Chapter Thirty One
Dravon



"James, she is communicating with me," I say between screams and sobs.
"Are they okay? Are they hurt?" he asks worriedly.
"Emmaline is not hurt, but she says that Sadie might be. She said that Sadie flinched when she hugged her, but it is so dark she can't see the extent of her injuries. Sadie is her Healer. She was able to confirm that much. She said she was able to take her pain away by saying words in a language, she nor Sadie know."
I am not able to say anymore, and I think James senses as much. He doesn't ask any more questions. I am becoming weaker, and I know I need to feed as soon as possible. I need Emmaline like I would need air to breathe. She is becoming my whole world, my reason for existing, and when she told me yes that she wanted to marry me it almost took the pain away. We have to make it through this, because the Goddesses can't be cruel enough to rob me of my life once again. 
Molly comes over to the sofa changing out the cold wash rag for an even colder one to catch the sweat that is now drenching every inch of my body. She gives me twenty drops of potion this time instead of fifteen, and I know that her potion bottle is running very low. The pain is becoming unbearable and I am hanging on by a thread, and the entire string is made of Emmaline. The pure beauty of Emmaline, my soon to be wife, my love, my reason for living and my reason for holding on is what has me fighting for my life. I would have given up by now if it hadn't been for her.
"I need to go replenish the potion for you. I also need to find reinforcements, and give our dead a proper burial. I will be back soon," Molly says.
"James, there are at least four more doses in this vial. I just gave him twenty drops, and you need to give him twenty five at the next dosing, in an hour. After that add five more drops to each dose that you give. You should have four hours of doses, and I should be back by then with reinforcements and a plan. Please text me immediately, if something happens to go awry or if Dravon gets any vital information about Emmaline." She picks up her purse, memoire, some ingredients, and a crystal. She leaves with sorrow-filled eyes.
Grayson just left a few minutes ago to help Lily with his pack. He also said that they would be back in about four hours. They don't have dead to bury, but they are all still in the healing stage, or already newly healed from the attacks on them. Wolf's bane rendered them unable to change, and they have been detoxing their bodies of the poison with the help of the pack healer. Grayson and James have taken a potion Molly gave them, and they seem to be doing well. Grayson spoke to James before he left, but I don't know what was said between them.
"Son, I must locate Asher, Chloe, Jameson, Seraphina, and Aryanna. They may know how to locate and defeat the people that have Emmaline and Sadie. Emmaline has much to learn from Chloe and Molly, Molly from Seraphina, James from Jameson, Sadie from Aryanna, and you my son have much to learn from Asher and me. I must go now and bring them here. Be well my son," Ren says somberly and bends down and places a kiss on my forehead. 
James and I are alone now. The pain has subsided some from the potion, but my body feels as if it has been put through a meat grinder. James is sitting in a chair next to me reading the Supernatural Immortals History book trying to appear as calm as he can, but I know that he is just as worried as we are. I am about to start up a conversation with James when I’m interrupted.
“Dravon, my telepathy gift has manifested itself, further. I know I can only communicate with you, but I was able to hear James’s thoughts at the Ceremony. I am able to hear Sadie's thoughts, now. We have decided to play it off as if I am still in a lot of pain so that they won't figure out that Sadie can already heal me to an extent. I need to tone back the screams next time though. They gave me a lot of the elixir and it knocked me out. They think I am still asleep.”
“Alright baby girl, can you tell me where you are now?”
“I heard them talking, and all I can tell you are that we are in the woods, in a cabin that is hidden, and that it is 30 minutes from the center of town. I smell maple trees. I hope that is of some help.”
“You are doing well, Em. I love you. I just wanted you to know that.”
“I love you too Dravon, but you are making it sound like this is good-bye. It's not. I need you to fight for me, because you are the only one that can save us.”
“I am fighting for us, Em.”
“Dravon, are you in pain, too?”
“Do you know how many of them there are left, Em?”
“Jasper seems to be the boss. Kaleb seems to be second in command. There are maybe nine other vampires. They have a wolf, two witches, and I think a witch coven coming in to help with the Ceremony in 48 hours. Why are you ignoring my question?”
“What Ceremony?”
“They are going to wait until your blood is no longer in my body and reverse the binding that Ella and Gran did; then they are going to do their own making me exchange blood with Jasper. If they succeed in binding me to their Keeper, Soulmate, Protector, and Healer I won't be able to become the Chosen. We will cease to exist. Now, no more questions until you answer mine.”
“Yes, Em, I am in pain. I have not fed, and since I am bound to you I can only feed from you. You are my life source, but the pain isn't that bad. You need to focus on you baby girl. Em, can you tell me their names. The four they want you bound to.”
“Dravon are you going to be okay? You can't die on me.”
“Yes Em, please answer my question. Your Gran is taking good care of me, and it is almost time for my next dose of medicine then I won't be able to communicate for a little bit.”
“The Keeper's name is Bethany, the Protector's name is Steven, then of course the Soulmate is supposed to be Jasper, and the Healer's name is Haven. Haven is not a pixie or fae. She is a witch, and Bethany is worried if that will work in the ceremony. She reassures the others that it will though.”
I can't handle talking to her anymore. I quickly put up the telepathic wall, so that she won't know how much pain I am truly in. I relay the information to James so he can do the same with Molly, Grayson, and Ren. I am once again screaming in pain so James gives me my next does of twenty five drops, and the pain starts to decrease slightly.



Chapter Thirty Two
James



I give Dravon his next dose and pick up my cell phone to send a mass text to Molly, Ren and my dad. This is major news. The more Emmaline learns and relays to us the more information we have to use.
James: Emmaline's telepathy gift has manifested itself, further. She was able to hear my thoughts at the Ceremony and Sadie's thoughts, now. Em and Sadie have decided to play it off as if Em is still in a lot of pain so that they won't figure out that Sadie can already heal her to an extent. They thought she was still asleep while she was communicating with Dravon. She heard them talking, and all she could tell him was that they are in the woods, in a cabin that is hidden, and that it is 30 minutes from the center of town. She smelled maple trees. She was able to tell him that Jasper seems to be the boss. Kaleb seems to be second in command. There are maybe nine other vampires. They have a wolf, two witches, and a witch coven coming in to help with the Ceremony in less than 48 hours. They are going to wait until Dravon's blood is no longer in her body, and then they are going to reverse the binding that Ella and Molly did. Then they will proceed with doing their own. If they succeed in binding her to their Keeper, Soulmate, Protector, and Healer; she won't be able to become the Chosen. She was able to tell use the names of the four. The Keeper's name is Bethany, the Protector's name is Steven, then of course the Soulmate is Jasper, and the Healer's name is Haven. Haven is not a pixie or fae. She is a witch, and Em says Bethany is worried if that will work in the ceremony. She reassures the others that it will.
Molly: K. Thank you James. Aryanna is with me. Please make sure that you let the others know. How's Dravon?
James: About the same. I'll keep you posted, and I will let them know.
Molly: K. Love.
Grayson: K. The pack and I will be there soon, son. We will do some research in the pack history book, and see what we can find out about a Steven. Please let the others know that Jameson is with us. See if you can find out a last name.
James: K. Will do. See you when you get here, Dad. I'll keep you posted.
Ren: K. I have some info on Jasper. Asher, Chloe, Seraphina are with me so please let the others know. How is my son?
James: I will let them know Molly has Aryanna, Dad has Jameson. They are on their way. Dravon is resting, and as good as can be expected.
James: Dad, Molly has Aryanna; Ren has Asher, Chloe, and Seraphina with him. They are on their way.
James: Molly, Dad has Jameson, Ren has Asher, Chloe, and Seraphina with him. Everyone is on their way.
Once everyone is texted, I go back to take care of Dravon, and to wait for everyone's arrival. I hope that we can come up with a plan soon. I want Emmaline and Sadie back safely. I have loved Sadie for a long time and have found out now that I am to be bound to her for life. I couldn't be happier. I would actually be on cloud nine if it weren't for the fact that she is in danger. We must hurry and devise a plan to rescue the two most important women of my life.


Chapter Thirty Three
Molly



I arrive at our other cabin, Ella's cabin that we always used as a safe haven. No one but our coven knows this cabin exists. I knew that everyone would be safe here. I am almost brought to my knees by the sight of the cabin for I had a lot of wonderful years here with my best friend. She was more like a sister to me than just a friend. I can't remember a day we haven't spoken to each other since we were twelve. The realization that I will never speak to her again dawns on me, and I can't hold back the tears that have threatened to spill over for the past few hours. 
I have to allow myself to grieve, but I can't get hysterical. Emmaline needs me, but there will be time for pain. It is said that time heals all wounds, but I don't think a million years will come close to healing this wound. I remember the love we shared for poetry. I particularly remember two poems we read and loved a long time ago, and we used to read them at every birthday that we celebrated together. That was every year because we never missed celebrating a birthday together. I recite them in my head.
The woods are lovely, dark and deep. But I have promises to keep, and miles to go before I sleep by Robert Frost
Don't walk behind me; I may not lead. Don't walk in front of me; I may not follow. Just walk beside me and be my friend by Albert Camus

I remain in my car sobbing and basking in the emotional roller coaster I am on when the front door opens. Jordan appears at the door, and I can see from the car that she has spent hours doing exactly what I am doing at this minute. Her eyes are red and puffy, her face red and splotchy, and her shoulders have a slump to them I have never seen. It was rumored that she and Johen had been talking about The First Rite of Hand fasting. They had been courting for seven months, but according to the tradition once The First Rite of Hand fasting takes places it is for a year and a day or as long as love shall stay under the condition that they will be legally joined at The Second Rite of Hand fasting. According to Wiccan religion The First Rite of Hand fasting is a marriage itself, but it is not until the Second Rite of Hand fasting that it becomes legally binding. 
I know that she is devastated, and she has every right to be. I am devastated. Hell, we are all devastated. We shall put our dead to rest tonight with a proper burial.
 I will conduct the funeral ceremony. We don't have hardly anyone left to serve as ushers. Jordan already has the ritual space cleared of furniture. Our fallen friend's bodies are laid out on separate altars. 
The Coven is mourning, and you can see the grief written all over their faces. They wait at the outside edges of the ritual space where the altars are located. Jordan has prepared the ritual space fully, and I just need to recite the ritual prayer.
I walk over to Sara's altar, and lean over kissing her forehead.
"Beloved one, we thank you for your gifts and guidance as an Elder, although you are dead, your journey doesn't end,
You're not alone, The Goddesses and we are with you,
The beloved that have gone before await you.
May you pass from love into love,
And carry with you only love.
Let your love shine and open the way.
Peace be with you as yet another journey for you begins," I say with tears leaking from my eyes, and approach Johen's altar kissing him on the forehead.
"Beloved one, we thank you for your leadership and guidance as an Elder, although you are dead, your journey doesn't end,
You're not alone, The Goddesses and we are with you,
The beloved that have gone before await you.
May you pass from love into love,
And carry with you only love.
Let your love shine and open the way.
Peace be with you as yet another journey for you begins," I repeat and more tears flow as I approach Derek's altar, and again I kiss his forehead. I repeat the incantation. 
The tears are coming quicker now because I only have one more prayer to say and I don't know if I can manage it. I approach Ella's altar but my footsteps falter, and Jordan starts towards me. I hold up my hand letting her know that I am okay. I lean over and kiss Ella on the forehead, and my tears soak her hair. I whisper so only she can hear. "I will miss you my dear friend, I will never forget you, and I will always honor you." I get myself under control as much as I can and begin the prayer.
"Beloved one, we thank you for your dedication, leadership, kindness, direction, and never ending love as our friend, Elder, and High Priestess.
Although you are dead, your journey doesn't end,
You're not alone, The Goddesses and we are with you,
The beloved that have gone before await you.
May you pass from love into love,
And carry with you only love.
Let your love shine and open the way.
Peace be with you as yet another journey for you begins." I break at the end of this prayer, and hit the ground next to the altar on my knees and sob. Jordan does come to me now, and I let her. She hugs me and her tears mix with mine as we kneel on the ground, and the sobs we can no longer hold back rack our bodies. The Coven is quiet because we are all so overcome with grief. I can hear their muted cries as I mourn my friends. My anger for the senseless violence mixed with my grief gives me enough courage to get back on my feet. I pull Jordan up with me and give her nod to thank her. It is time to finish this burial, and let my friends rest in peace.
"Now that the prayers have been said I invite you to come say farewell to the fallen. You can give words of encouragement for their journey ahead, or just simply kiss their foreheads. If you choose to just stand quietly that is acceptable also," I say inviting the coven to say their goodbyes.
After everyone has said their farewells, we begin wrapping the bodies. I wrap Ella's, Jordan wraps Sara's, Jerilynn wraps Johen's, and David wraps Derek's, in white cloth to allow the bodies to decompose as naturally and quickly as possible to provide nourishment for other life. The candles at the end of their altars are lit. We then carry our fallen friends to the freshly dug graves, depositing them in the wooden boxes that have been carved for such rituals. We lower them into the ground to accompany the rest of our dead Coven members. Ella wanted us to have our own place to worship and to bury our dead. She wanted us to feel as if they were never far from us.
"My granddaughter and your Chosen have been taken. We can only allow ourselves a little time to grieve just now, but we will grieve for our friends properly. I need your help now. Can we pull together as a Coven, as friends, and as people with a common enemy?" I ask, and I know I am asking a lot of my coven right now. The truth is I need their help, support, and the closeness only my coven can provide.
"We will stand with you, fight with you, conquer with you, and if it is destined to be we will fall with you," they say in unison. 
I am overcome with tears once more at the dedication and friendship I have within my coven. "Jordan did you prepare the potion?" 
"Yes, as soon as I got your text. I prepared two bottles just in case we needed more."
I am alerted by a chirp, but before I look at my text I recognize Aryanna walking towards us. How does she know about this place? We will ask questions later. I am just elated to see her.
"I hear that we need to save our girl and that a witch needs her ass kicked," she says with a slight smirk. She looks deadly serious about helping us, but I think that she just wants to lighten the mood. We are all so melancholy, and we are grieving.
"Yeah, an ass kicked and a throat punched," I say somewhat enjoying this light banter.
"Then let's kick some ass, take names, give out some throat punches, and get our girls back," she says.
I can see slight smiles on my Coven's faces, even in this time of loss. I finally read my text.
James: Emmaline's telepathy gift has manifested itself, further. She was able to hear my thoughts at the Ceremony and Sadie's thoughts, now. Em and Sadie have decided to play it off as if Em is still in a lot of pain so that they won't figure out that Sadie can already heal her to an extent. They thought she was still asleep while she was communicating with Dravon. She heard them talking, and all she could tell him was that they are in the woods, in a cabin that is hidden, and that it is 30 minutes from the center of town. She smelled maple trees. She was able to tell him that Jasper seems to be the boss. Kaleb seems to be second in command. There are maybe nine other vampires. They have a wolf, two witches, and a witch coven coming in to help with the Ceremony in less than 48 hours. They are going to wait until Dravon's blood is no longer in her body, and then they are going to reverse the binding that Ella and Molly did. Then they will proceed with doing their own. If they succeed in binding her to their Keeper, Soulmate, Protector, and Healer; she won't be able to become the Chosen. She was able to tell use the names of the four. The Keeper's name is Bethany, the Protector's name is Steven, then of course the Soulmate is Jasper, and the Healer's name is Haven. Haven is not a pixie or fae. She is a witch, and Em says Bethany is worried if that will work in the ceremony. She reassures the others that it will.
Molly: K. Thank you James. Aryanna is with me. Please make sure that you let the others know. How's Dravon?
James: About the same. I'll keep you posted, and I will let them know.
Molly: K. Love. I'm on my way.

Chapter Thirty Four
Emmaline



Exhaustion is setting in fast. I have fought against the meds all I can, and I have told Dravon everything at this point. He is in agony, and my Gran is giving him a potion to stop the pain. I wished there was something I could do to make him feel better. What was I thinking? I should have never bound my life to someone else's. How dumb was I? What if he dies because of me? I couldn't live with myself if that happened. Maybe it is a good thing if I let Dravon's blood get out of my system. What am I thinking? If I do that then I won't become the Chosen and we all die. 
The quote from one of the Spiderman movies pops into my mind, and I can remember reading the Marvel comics. When Uncle Ben tells Peter to, "Remember, with great power comes great responsibility". 
I know this seems to be a funny thing to remember at a time like this, but for some reason, perhaps destiny, it came to my mind. It rings true. The Goddesses gave me my magical gifts which hold great power, and it's my responsibility to use them for good. I won't let Dravon or Sadie die.
"Sadie, are you hurt?"
"Not physically anymore."
"I know that this has been very traumatic Sadie. We will get out of this alive. I promise you. What do you mean not physically anymore?"
"Whatever potion that the healer gave me has taken the pain away. I think I am still bruised and battered, but as you said the emotional trauma is way worse."
"I love you Sadie. We have friends that love you. We will get through all of this together. I've spoken to Dravon."
And with those last words we fall silent again. I pray that my words and promises don't become broken. I pray that they will find us, and save us before it's too late.
“Dravon, how's everything there going? Do you guys have a plan?”
“Yes, Emmaline we have a plan, and things are going okay here. How are you and Sadie holding up?”
“As well as can be expected, but the elixir is making me exhausted. Sadie is broken. She says her physical wounds don't hurt. They gave her something that took the physical pain away. I don't know what she had to endure before I got here, but she's not the same. She is so quiet, Dravon.”
“I am sure that she is just still in shock. Baby girl, all you can do for her is comfort her at this point. Your Gran is on her way here with the coven and Aryanna. Grayson is on his way with his pack and Jameson. Ren is on his way with Asher, Seraphina, and your grandmother Chloe. We have powerful reinforcements on their way. Ren has some information on Jasper. Grayson and his pack are doing research on Steven. Your Gran has information on Bethany. We have all this to our advantage. It won't be long now, before we figure out where you are being held. Please just hang tight. I love you!”
“Love you, too! Please tell James I love him; and don't snarl, Dravon. Tell him that Sadie is really going to need him when we get out of this place. She admitted to being head over heels in love with him even before I told her about them being soulmates. I know he has also felt this way about her for a long time.”
“I will pass along the information. I have to go now babe. It is time for another dose.”
“Dravon, I’m sorry this is happening to you, because of me.”
“Em, I will never be sorry that I am bound to you. If someone said I could live pain-free without you, I would tell them no, and live through this pain every day of my life if it meant that I get to spend those days with you. Please never regret that you are bound to me.” 
“I have to be honest, I was regretting it at first thinking that you wouldn't be in pain if it wasn't for me, but then I thought about that saying from Spiderman in the Marvel comics … ‘Remember, with great power, comes great responsibility’. Uncle Ben said that to Peter. I know this sounds crazy but it made me realize that the pain you are experiencing and the pain I was experiencing is all worth it. I have the power to save the supernatural race. So that gives me the responsibility to do whatever it takes.”
“That’s a great way to look at things, babe. Stay positive. I must go now.”
And again I am shut out completely, with those last thoughts. I know Dravon is in more pain than he is letting on. He has to be or he wouldn't be blocking me out completely. I am saddened by this, but I reassure myself there is nothing I can do but play the waiting game.
It has been quiet here and that can only mean one thing in my mind, they are devising a plan of attack in case anyone tries to rescue us. I think they know that it's only a matter of time and the clock is ticking. Time is running out for them. I am so exhausted, but I smile with that last thought, as I finally drift off to sleep. 



Chapter Thirty Five
Dravon



I have to say goodbye to Emmaline too soon. The pain is getting worse, and the hunger is becoming overwhelming. I am afraid I may need to rip into anything with a heartbeat soon. That would be devastating to Ren and to me. I would die because it's not Em's blood. Ren would be upset, because we never use violence to feed. I can't control the screams that escape my mouth no matter how hard I try. The pain is just too much, and sometimes sobs accompany the screams that escape me betraying my body and nature.
James has been a true friend. I want to hate him, but he has taken care of me like a brother would. When Em asked me to tell him that she loved him, to say I was less than happy would be an understatement. After thinking it through though, I came to the realization that she only loves him as a friend. We are all in this together.
James hears my screams from the kitchen. I know he has to go there to relieve his sensitive ears of my agonizing screams. He never says a word to me, never complains, and never acts as if I am a bother to him. He just quietly fills the dropper with thirty five drops of potion, and administers the liquid to me. He changes out the cold cloth for an ever colder one. He has repeated this process for a couple hours now, or at least I think it has been a couple of hours. I am losing track of time while my body endures this pain. He does as Molly instructed and gives me five more drops each time. 
I see the bottle is almost empty.
James sees my eyeing the bottle with a worried look, and he pats my shoulder reassuringly. "Hold on brother. They are all on their way." 
The potion gives me instant relief. It never takes the pain completely away, but I am able to talk to him.
"Who?" I ask
"Molly is on her way back with Aryanna. The coven will be with her. Ren should be here anytime with Asher, Seraphina, and Chloe. My dad and the pack will be here in fifteen minutes. I get to meet my grandfather, Jameson. I am named after him."
"That is awesome, James."
He turns to leave and I assume he is returning to the kitchen.
"James, could you come back and sit with me for a few minutes before everyone gets here?"
"Yeah, sure." He walks to the chair across from me and sits.
"Emmaline says to tell you she loves you."
"I love her too, but Dravon, I love her as a friend." 
I hold up my hand to stop him and he quietens.
"She said to tell you that Sadie is head over heels in love with you. She didn't know you guys were to become Soulmates. She also told me that you had been in love with Sadie for a while now."
"She's right, man. I love that girl to the moon and back. I love Em as a sister and a best friend. She has been there for me, but she is your Soulmate, Dravon. I may be her Protector and her friend, but you own her soul. Don't forget that. Don't let jealousy ruin what could be a beautiful relationship."
"I won't. James, tell Sadie how you feel about her. Em says she is going to need you now more than ever. She says that Sadie is broken. She is not hurt physically anymore but she is broken emotionally."
"I will do everything that I can to protect her, just as I would Em. Sadie is my Soulmate, and I will give my life to make her whole again. I will love the pain away, or die trying. She will never go another day without knowing that I love her," he says with a sad smile.
We hear car doors shutting, and James stands to see who has arrived. 
"And James," I say.
"Yeah?"
"Thanks man, for everything you have done for me. I couldn't have made it these past few hours without you." 
"No problem." 
The room suddenly gets a lot smaller with Grayson and his pack's arrival. Who would have thought wolves could be so big? I smile at that thought. His pack doesn't look happy at all. They look like they are out for blood, and it gives me a little more reassurance to believe everything is going to work out. 
Grayson introduces James to his Grandfather, Jameson. They start talking among themselves, and James looks excited to have met his grandfather, but I can still see the worry in his eyes.
The door opens again and in walks the Coven with Molly. There is one very eccentric chic that walks in with them. I haven't seen her before so I am guessing that is Aryanna. She looks a lot like Sadie. She has strawberry blonde hair, those same catlike green eyes. She even has her stance and her mouth as well. She is barking out orders to add certain ingredients to the potion for me.
As soon as Aryanna gives me the potion she perfected for me, it takes most of the pain away. I see Ren walk through the open door with Asher, Chloe, and Seraphina. The Ultimate Five of generations ago is here to team up with a wolf pack, a witch coven, and the Ultimate Five of this generation. I would hate to be on the opposing team at this moment.
"So...... ladies and gents or boys and girls, whichever you prefer, let's get this show on the road. We need to set plans. I have a healer to train. Let's kick some ass, and take back what's ours!" Aryanna says.
"I have some news about the witch that she is trying to use as the healer in the ceremony they are performing. Haven is my cousin, and her parents died in a car accident when she was young. She has been from foster home to foster home since the age of nine. I think a witch coven, even one that was practicing black magic looked better to her than the places she has lived in. I talked to her foster parents, if that's what you want to call them, and they have given me an idea of where she might be staying," says Jerilynn, a witch from Molly's coven.
"Then that's where we start," Ren and Molly say at the same time.
“Em, everyone is here, and they think they may have a location on where you are being held. I love you. I'm on my way, baby girl.”

Epilogue


Two hours later we have all the information we need, and a plan to strike at three a.m. The witches seem to think this will be best, something about them being more powerful during that hour. I am feeling better now that Aryanna is here, and she added her ingredient to the potion for me to drink. I still have times where I scream and sob from the pain when it gets close to being time for my next dose. They still have to up the dose by five drops, every time.
They think it's best if I stay here due to my condition, but I am not about to be the only one sitting on the sidelines of this battle. I am going to go get my Soulmate. I promised her I would be coming for her, and I will, if I have to die trying. Everyone in the house is resting, because we have a battle to win. I can't seem to get my mind to shut down so that I can rest. 
“Just a few more hours, baby girl......”



The End


The next book in the Immortal series is coming soon. Please look for it on Amazon, Goodreads, Smashwords, and iTunes…etc…


Immortal: The Soulmate, Book Two of the Immortal series.









Acknowledgements

This was an amazing journey. I was finally able to make one of my dreams come true. I have dreamed about being an Author for as long as I can remember. I have always written poetry, but I never had the courage to write a novel. 

Dad, you were with me through this entire journey looking down from heaven. I could feel your encouragement almost daily. You always believed in me, and I can never thank you enough. I love you with all my heart. I hope you are proud of me.

Mom, thank you for spending countless hours letting me read to you. I know you couldn’t see to read it yourself, but you listened to me. You encouraged me when I wanted to give up. I love you to the moon and back.

Huge thank you to my wonderful husband for not letting me give up hope that I could be an author one day. Thank you for taking the kids to their appointments, housework, and support throughout this book. I couldn’t have made it this far without your help. I love you infinitely.

To all my friends that have read my poetry, and encouraged me to keep on writing, I couldn’t have made it this far without you. Miranda, Crystal, Misty, Jeri, Kacey, and all the other friends I have made online. I can never say enough to thank you. I love you all.

Jamie Sexton, Thank you for being a wonderful PA. You have helped me promote. Thank you for your time, support, and help through this journey.

Kim Matthews, Thank you for taking time to read my book. Thank you for all your input, your encouragement, your interest in my book, and time that you freely gave to me. I thought I would lose my mind, but you kept encouraging me that my book was going to make it. I thank you for that. I hope that you will be with me on the next journey. 

Beta Readers, Thanks for volunteering to read my book. I am glad that you guys are in my life. I am overwhelmed by your support. Kim, Corry, Kacey, Renee, Angela, Stephanie, Jamie, and anyone else that has had interest in my book thank you for your encouragement, words of love, and most of all the time you took to read my book.

Last but not least, Simon… Thank you so much for the wonderful editing you did. I thought I was going to lose my mind, and I can only hope to grow as a writer in the future. Thank you for your kind words of encouragement, prayers, hugs sent, and always listening when I needed you to. I hope that you will always be a part of this series.

I can only hope that maybe J.K. Rowling will read my book one day, but if she does I wanted to include her in my acknowledgements. When you wrote Harry Potter, I don’t think you realized how many lives would be affected. You gave me a love for fantasy, and fueled my desire to write. Thank you for your creativity and imagination.


Please, look for the next book in the Immortal series.

Immortal: The Soulmate, Book Two of the Immortal series.
 






 

