
In The Explosions
A Short Story Collection
By
Gabe Sluis
In The Explosions
Copyright © 2020 by Gabe Sluis
Published at Smashwords
First Edition

Cover art: Gabe Sluis

All rights reserved.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents either are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead or undead, is entirely coincidental.

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. Off Palm Key he got itt.. 
Table of Contents
Meteor Season
Fire Baby
We Almost Lost Auburn
This is a Deception
There Was Also The Earthquakes...
Fire From Water
Treasure Island
It always hits me suddenly. I hear a phrase and it sticks in the brain like napalm. That’s how I know it’s time. I usually have around 3-4 short stories done, waiting to perhaps become something more. I think they just off gas enough in my mind- until the pressure is there. They are ready to explode. They want to make some noise.
Meteor Season

The sun had just rose- not yet fully above the horizon. The sky was blue and pink and bright orange. The underside of the clouds were purple. No breeze stirred the still air. It was quiet. Few people were up and even the birds were not singing. 
Clifford walked across a concrete courtyard, not far from the tall building he lived in, to the one he managed. It was an easy ten minute walk. He looked up at the sky as he went. In a moment of whimsy, he stopped. Looking up into the pastel sky, the blood red tail of the ever-present comet clear to be seen, Clifford closed his eyes. The morning was warm. The exact right, perfect temperature, he thought. He was not one to stop and smell the roses, as it were. No one would expect to find him standing face-up, basking in the morning glow on his walk to work. But why not?
The moment past, and he went on. He wiped his hand over his short mustache and checked the corners of his mouth for non-existent debris.
The day is going to be warm, he thought to himself. Almost September. Last warm streak of the year, I bet. Seven Sixty-Three! Oh how the time flies. It will be winter again before anybody realizes it.
But that’s how it always was. Two kids and a wife, before he realized it. Fifteen pounds heavier than normal, before he even realized it. At least now he felt comfortable. No need to impress any one. He felt like he slept better, with a little more padding on his body. Ten years had passed being a building supervisor for Spargo. Time was whipping by before anybody realized it. Back in his youth, ten years was unthinkable. Now, forty-five years in… Well, you know.
Geo Westphal sat on a synthetic wooden bench, outside the buildings side entrance. He first noticed the middle-aged man wearing dark blue, standing still, face bathed in sky. Geo looked up to see what was so interesting. But, there was nothing there. The man started moving towards him and he could tell he found the right guy. The dark blue clothes he wore was a sturdy work uniform, with Clifford stitched on the pocket. Geo stood and waited to put on a smile until the man was in a reasonable communication distance.
“Good Morning! Wow, it’s amazing out, huh? Couldn’t get more better unless you were down in the islands, huh?”
“Never been there,” Clifford said, not stopping to talk to the man.
“Hey, uh, you’re the building manager right? This is one of Otis Spargo’s properties, hey? I know ol’ Spargo. We’ve done some business in the past.”
“Is that so?” Clifford unlocked the side door with a code on a key pad and went in the building. Geo followed as he went through a stairwell and down a narrow hall.
“Yeah, yeah. He is always hanging out somewhere in the Bridges. Funny guy. But a nice guy. He knows me. He probably even still knows my Mud-Brick Act number!”
“So what’s up, what do you want?” Clifford asked, stopping in front of his office door. 
“Oh wow, right to the point, I get that. Okay. So, I just got back in to the City, if you can believe it. I’ve been off, running around the world! Last year I did a season in the North Sea and went back for a partial season this year. Its tough work out there! But I was able to save up some money. Trying to not have to do the cryo this winter, if you know what I mean. Getting a little sick of all that. I was thinking I’d get a place in the Ferris District, but that wasn’t working out so well. This is a pretty good area, close to a lot of stuff. I was…”
“This isn’t an apartment complex, mister…” 
“I’m Geo Westphal. Just Geo is great, and I get that. I get that. Lots of offices. But you gotta have something free. A broom closet even. I really don’t need much. I’ll be as quiet as a church mouse. I won’t disturb the daily peoples. Just mainly looking for somewhere to call home base. Keep a couple things, you know. Some place with heat in the winter. There has to be something. Check with Spargo if you want. I’m sure he can vouch for me. Come on, help a guy out! You can see I’m just trying to get on my feet? I’ve been working hard. You understand, right?”
“I ain’t gunna lie, fellas like you make me nervous. And the reason why is that I was one of you. I did the seasonal thing for a couple years. I got back on track. But I’ve met plenty who just can’t get it right. No matter how well you set them up for it. No matter how much good advice you give. It seems like you are getting through to them. But then they slowly slip back to their old tricks. There isn’t any incentive you put in place, or punishment you can threaten. I just don’t know.”
Geo saw his window, and slipped into the stream.
“So what is it? What made you different in the end? What got you off the endless cycle of cryo and into a comfortable gig? What is it about you that is different from all the others?”
Clifford took a second to think after the younger mans’ sudden turn to genuine expression. He opened his office door and paused in the threshold. It was as if the words were up in his head, he just couldn’t make them coalesce. He looked over at a photo on his desk with him with his family. He struggled for a moment and gave up.
“I couldn’t say. Some just rise above it, I guess.”
“Well, could you give me a shot? Who’s to say I won’t rise above it?”
The day was over and the sun had set. Clifford walked back to his building after finishing up dinner with his family. Crickets chirped and the far off drone from the freeway could be faintly heard. An eight bladed air taxi slipped by with the faintest of whispers. Geo stood outside the side entrance of the building. Clifford met him and handed him a slip of paper.
“That’s the code to this side door. Please use it, only.”
Geo wore a big pack on his back and held a small duffle in one hand. He followed his new landlord inside. They climbed a back stairway up four floors.
The pair emerged into a wide hallway with short carpet and poor lighting. Geo puffed hard after the climb, but Clifford did not slow down. Heavy wooden doors stood in inset coves, at irregular frequency. Each had brilliant poster-screens outside the office entrances, advertising the companies within. Geo recognized none of them.
Not terribly far from the entrance to the back stairwell was a narrower door. Instead of a fancy, large poster screen, there was a plastic placard. In white bold letters, it simply said Toilet.
Clifford removed a flat nosed screwdriver from his back pocket and popped the placard off the wall. He opened the door and flipped on the light inside. He tore away at the double sided tape left residual on the wall as he ran down the features of Geo’s new living space.
“Most the offices have their own bathrooms. This is a spare that’s not often used. It’s clean. One key for you. I have the other. Sink, toilet and a few square feet. At least width wise, its room to lie down. Heated in the winter. Two hundred every month. To me. On the first. No messing around. No subletting or madness or you are out of here. Try to stay discrete entering and exiting. No main elevator. Complaints from other tenants will not work. You agree?”
Geo walked in and set his bag down. He peered in the toilet. He observed the full tiled lower room. He looked up at the twelve-foot ceiling and nodded. He looked back at Clifford and his eyebrows pushed together.
“Two hundred for a six by ten bathroom? I could do one fifty. Money is going to be tough in the winter months…”
“There is Open Road access throughout the building. I’ll get you a sign on code.”
“Still…”
“Fine!”
“One fifty! Come on! Dicker! I thought you said you knew about guys like me,” Geo charmed.
“I don’t do that. Okay? One seventy-five and lets be done with it. This is my risk and my perk of being the building manager.”
Geo pulled out money cards and handed them over. “Anybody else like me in the building?”
“If there were, hopefully you would never know.”
Winter came to the City. Like every year, it was cold and bitter. Temperatures dropped so far, it was hard to believe the spring, summer, and fall months were ever warm. The ground froze like concrete. Strong winds would make thin tree branches break off like sheets of glass touched by porcelain. No one survived outside. Walking into the open without specialty gear was asking for swift hypothermia. Those who could not afford to be in a warmed building or cryogenically frozen for the three months, would not survive.
Geo sat on his loft bed in the tiny bathroom, upright, back against the wall. Propped on his lap, he had a third-hand device made only for writing documents and using the Open Road. A spliced power cable, made for extra length, came up from the socket at floor level to his bed. The mattress sat on repurposed shipping crate supports, which he had acquired in the last month before winter. Geo painstakingly constructed them into a platform, cutting each board with a pocket knife/multi-tool, driving each screw into place by hand. Many a night in his first month as a resident in the office building involved sneaking up individual pieces, which he had scouted out or stolen at his convenience and stashed for later.
Babu, a friend with a junk shop, had been generous to donate a few items to Geo’s new place, the exact disposition of which he kept to himself. And in the four months he had spent in the box, going out on occasion, still scheming and making deals, doing gigs on the Open Road (which was new to him), he had been happy. Though his life was monotonous, and solitary now that he had been locked in for the winter, it felt better than burying his head in the sand and skipping it all in cryo. He had used the time to make plans going forward, rather than living jump to jump, the way he was used to.
It was two days until March and Geo was surprised to see the winter thaw already taking place. He knew, from his days before seasonally cryo, that winter usually ended abruptly, taking about three days to transition out of the strange looping tilt the planet took in the cold season. But what he noticed in the last week was that he could go into the open-air, away from the protection of the covered, heated walkways, and not have his breath taken away by the sharp cold. The sun seemed to be shining more, and he could feel the change coming. 
Geo could barely remember back to his childhood where they were extensively taught about phenology. But now, all the chatter on the Open Road about the change in the seasons was fueling his nostalgic curiosity for things like meteor season. Not being present over the last however-many years, he had forgotten all about the two weeks of increased meteor activity associated with the planets looping path. This year had apparently been extra tough with space rocks making it through the atmosphere and striking the planet. In fact, he had just seen a headline on The News’s signpost about several rocks hitting the City, and one not that far from him now.  
There was a knocking at the door. Geo’s head popped up from his screen and he pulled out his ear pieces. He waited to see if the knocker would go away, as they usually did when they realized this was not an office. 
But that did not happen. There was another knock. This time firmer and longer than before.
“Excuse me!” he heard muffled from the hall. “Open this door right now, or I will use the master key!”
Geo was alarmed. That was not the low voice of Clifford. He checked his screen. It was a weekend. The few people who worked in the winter on this floor should not be in. He swung his feet over the side and climbed down from his bunk, using the wooden box he had made to go over the toilet when not in use.
In front of the door he had erected a long black curtain, so that when he stepped out of his room, into the hall, his hideaway would be blocked by any who might be around and peek inside. When Geo came and went, he made sure to put on respectable clothes, so that he looked like a small business owner leaving his office. But today, wearing home lounge wear, he popped around the curtain and cracked open the door. He peaked out into the hall.
“Ah ha! I was right! Another one!” the short, man standing in the hall said. He held a clipboard in his hand and a ring of keys in the other. He wore a stylish cold weather suit over a linen suit, but opened up at the front to let out excessive heat now that he was indoors. Even with the extra layers, and his neck covered with a scarf, Geo could tell he was small and slight, even thinner than himself.
“Another one?” Geo said, trying to sound as if he was in a dominant position.
“Yeah! Another one of you degenerates holed up in a closet! I had this marked as an overflow bathroom. But the plate was gone and here you are!”
“I don’t know what you…” Geo started to say, still only his head peaking around the door.
But the small man in fancy clothes pushed the door open suddenly, causing Geo to trip backward, knocking the curtain open, revealing his chamber. He jumped back to his feet and stepped into the threshold, leveling a finger at the man.
“I have a contract with Clifford, I’ll have you know. And I’m good friends with this building’s owner, Otis Spargo. So you need to take a hike, or I just may call the police!”
The small man was unflapped.
“I’ll have you know, that I am the new building manager. I work directly for Mr. Spargo and have never heard him mention that any of his friends were living in bathrooms in his real estate.”
Geo jumped in, “What happened to Clifford?”
“Oh, it’s tragic. Two days ago his family was killed by a meteor. All three of them gone in a freak occurrence of nature. Two others in the building died too. Clifford happened to be out of the apartment at that moment, but the loss was too much. He apparently hasn’t moved an inch since then.”
Geo was taken aback. When he had heard of the impact being so close, he thought only of himself narrowly escaping a terrible fate. But to know it took his landlords whole family? Although he had only ever seen a photo them, sitting on his desk in the basement, Geo felt like he knew them from interacting with Clifford.
“Mr. Spargo has turned over this building to me while the man grieves. And so I am cleaning house. No more silliness on my watch. Clifford was by all accounts a great person, but I plan on running a much tighter ship.”
“Well, I’m not leaving,” Geo said, defiantly. “He and I had a deal.”
“There is no deal. I’m the deal now. I’m Haff Kozel and what I say goes.”
Geo took a deep breath and tried again. 
“I’m Geo Westphal. Ask Clifford about me. I’ve always paid my rent on time. Not a peep out of me. We can make a new deal, between you and me, can’t we Mr. Kozel?” he said, annoyed with defeat.
“Doubtful,” he said, jotting the name on his clipboard. “I’ll be back tomorrow with security. We can discuss it then. I have a full agenda today and don’t have time to even entertain such thoughts. But consider yourself notified of the change in management.”
Kozel walked off and Geo slammed the door.
The next day, as promised, Kozel came up to the fourth floor. After having some fun on the second, he was ready for his next confrontation. He stepped off the elevator confidently, heading directly for Geo’s room. Following close behind was a heavyweight security guard. He didn’t speak, just listened as the smaller man spoke.
“And I really am sad to hear about the Bariton family. To loose ones children must be the worst thing you can imagine. But meteor season is like that. Granted it’s rare to have a whole family die rather than just property damage. But the world must go on and I’m honored Otis asked me to take over a second building. It is of course in the interim, but who is to say Clifford will return? So I will act as if he is not and do business my way. The family downstairs was a bit more of a potential nuisance than I cared to handle, but I may be swayed with a single unconventional tenant on four…”
Kozel trailed off as he reached the bathroom at mid-hall. “Well… be ready,” he muttered to the guard as he reached the door without a placard and knocked. Several seconds passed. He sighed audibly and rolled his eyes. This time he kicked the base of the door with three solid knocks.
“Let’s go, Mr. Westphal! Last chance!” the new manager said.
“I can’t believe this is how I’m spending my Sunday,” Kozel vented to no one. “Please, John, let’s use the key…”
The guard stepped forward with the ring that Haff Kozel carried the day prior. Unlocking the door, and pushing it open, exposed the dark room. John, the security guard, flipped on the light just inside the door and pushed back the black curtain.
The bathroom was unoccupied. 
Kozel stepped in to observe the mess. Geo had cleared out, leaving much of what he had built for himself and acquired over the last four months. The new building manager ranted and raved at the mess, unaware Geo had just left, going down the back stairs the moment he heard the two arrive on the fourth floor.
Going into Clifford’s office, which was left unlocked on the first floor, Geo looted anything of value. The small man’s fancy cold weather suit would not fit him, but could easily be sold to a friend who dealt in the second hand. A few other items were snatched and Geo was out the door and on his way to his next scheme, spring but a few days away.
Fire Baby

The Iroko family was a young family. Jan and Tim Iroko had just moved from Arizona to Bedford, New Hampshire, where Tim was to start a new job. The couple had a ten-month-old baby boy named Peter, who was squishy and had floppy blond locks. He was healthy and happy. His parents could not be more content.
Moving to a new house, which was quite unlike the apartment they occupied in the desert, was a great adventure in change. Here, there were carpets on every floor, as opposed to tile and thin laminate hardwood. The windows all had curtains as opposed to blinds. And most significant, especially to Jan, was the fire place. 
The brick fireplace was rustic and quintessential New England style, in her mind. It was exactly what she wanted in a house, a warm place to gather, drink tea, and enjoy the dark winter evenings. Tim had no qualms with the fireplace, and was just happy they had a standard electric heating system to take up the slack and be a redundancy.
The first fire after getting everything moved in, the baby, Peter, was fascinated. He stood at chest height to the base of the stone hearth and watched the flames greedily, with his parents sitting on either side.
“We are going to have to watch him when we have fires going,” Tim said.
“I’m sure it will be fine, he’s not even walking yet,” Jan said.
Peter cooed and gave a weak attempt to climb the stones.
“Maybe I’ll build a barrier, so that he can’t get too close,” Tim said.
“No, no!” Jan protested. “I don’t want one of your over-engineered wooden monstrosities covering over our space to sit by the fire. We will watch him when one is going. He will be fine.”
Tim begrudgingly agreed, and got up to go to the kitchen.
Jan’s phone rang and she dug into her purse to fish it out.
Peter crawled up on the hearth and got into the flames.
Jan was taking on her phone when Tim came back into the room.
“Jan!” he cried, and ran to the fireplace.
She turned back, sill on the phone and took a look at her baby.
The boy was picking his way through the wood and embers, curious and unfazed by the heat.
“He is so close to walking! I can see.” Jan said, proud of her boy.
“But he will get burnt!” Tim cried. “Peter! Get out of there now!”
The boy looked up at his father with a big grin. He sat down in the middle of the flames and hugged onto a half red log as if it was his favorite stuffed animal. His skin came away red, but unburnt.
“Jan! We have to get him out of there!” Tim streaked. He got close to the fire, but it was too hot for his hands.
“If he gets too hot, he will move. It’s fine,” she said dismissively.
Peter laid down, belly to the coals, head to the side, hugging the warmth.
For ten seconds, Tim crawled out of his skin. He couldn’t tell if his baby was breathing.
At about his father’s breaking point, Peter popped up, coy grin on his face.
“Alright! Alright! Enough!” Tim screamed.
“Fine, I’ll grab him,” Jan said, putting her phone down and lifting her baby free of the flames. “It’s probably time for a diaper anyway. This one did get a little scorched. Wouldn’t want him to decide to make a mess and leak out.”
As she took the baby from the room, Tim, baffled, put his finger into the fire. He quickly removed it by reflex, but the tip of his finger was still burnt from poking a coal. He ran to the kitchen to run his finger under cold water.
We Almost Lost Auburn

It was dark out when Chris McCourtney pulled his new model Subaru into a small parking lot next to the monument. Due to a nearby streetlight, a shadow came off the goliath concrete sculpture, casting a dark strip across his white hood. He paused to brief his passenger before they got out.
“Ok, so we are going to go down the little steps and act like we are reading the plaque under the guy…”
“So… where is this tunnel?” Gail asked. “We don’t have to hop any fences or anything to get there?”
“Just follow my lead. Stay quiet until we get in. It will be fine. You got your flashlight?”
Gail, in the passenger seat, clicked the light in his face.
Chris groaned, and pushed the light away. “Let’s go”
The early night was abuzz with activity. A constant barrage of cars on the freeway continued to slide past. The sounds of a classic rock band played from a restaurant, just up the hill in old town. People stood outside a bar smoking. The night was alive, but no attention was paid to the couple who had just parked.
Chris clicked his doors locked as they walked the path to the statue pedestal. At the corner, he pointed to a section of the chest high, plastic coated chain link fence that had been trampled down. He went past it and stood at the base of the statue.
“What are we doing?” Gail whispered.
“Making sure the coast is clear,” Chris hissed.
Headlights came down the road from the courthouse, splashing across Dr. Fox’s art. Chris watched them out of the corner of his eye, to make sure it wasn’t a cop. As soon as they turned to get on the freeway, he grabbed Gail’s hand and hurried to the hole in the fence. The pair stepped over the crunched metal, out of the monument area, and into a weed lined gully. Following a short trail, they reached the creek, ten feet below. Chris stepped, sure footed, on big rocks above the trickling water to where a concrete wall covered in tin blackberry vines stood. Vertical rebar grating had been cut off and bent to allow easy access to the tunnel inside. No longer holding hands, Chris and Gail slipped into the darkness.
The entrance to the tunnel was square. With only five feet of headroom, Chris and Gail had to duck. The center of the tunnel had water running, or algae growing, so only the edges were safe to walk. Chris clicked on his light.
“So, why is it called ‘Satan’s Tunnel’?” Gail asked, following behind, on the same side.
“Once we get a little deeper in, you’ll see.”
A hundred feet down the tunnel it opened up. The ceiling rose and the width increased. It was now comfortable to walk standing up, on a dry edge, not rubbing a shoulder on the wall. Gail Hopped to the other side, and turned her light on in the absolute dark. Another tunnel connected from the right, and the main body went left. That’s when it became apparent why the storm drainage tunnel under the freeway was so popular with youths.
“We used to come down here in high school. I never painted anything, but I had older friends who would,” Chris said, shining his light on the graffiti.
The walls were covered. The paintings ranged from simple scrawling, to complex, often beautiful work. Dubious quotes and texts littered the artwork. The vibe from the messages left to wait in the pitch black felt like secret knowledge that was cast away from the light. Only those who dared to venture into the confined dark would know the truth written below the town’s streets.
Gail kept turning around and pointing the flashlight back down the way they came. There were no noises warning her of something following, and perhaps that was what made her feel paranoid. Maybe it was that there were no noises at all.
“How far down does this go?”
“A looooong way.”
“And it’s been spray painted all the way down?”
“Yeah,” Chris confirmed. “Years ago I went down to the end. Just once, cuz it’s like a mile long. It starts to dwindle, but at the far end, it picks up again.”
“It’s super creepy down here,” Gail said.
“I know! Isn’t it great?!”
“No. Let’s get going? I’ve seen it. Can confirm: super satanic.”
Before Chris could answer, a whoop came from deep in the tunnel. Chris shined his light, but its power did not reach far enough to see anything. Then there was movement, running right for them. 
Another whoop. This one louder and sharper on the ears.
Gail screamed and jumped the water to hide behind Chris.
Two figures swept past the couple. They bounced to either side of the stream as they ran, whipping past Chris and Gail at a full sprint.
“Hey!” Chris yelled, but they were gone. Shining his light back up the tunnel, he saw them take the turn to the exit.
“Some punk kids?” Gail asked, quite shaken.
“Yeah…” Chris said, confused by what he had seen. “They looked familiar…”
“Let’s get out of here,” Gail demanded.
“Yeah, come on,” Chris agreed. “Les see if we can catch them.”
Gail led the way back, with Chris close behind. The sight of the faint light of natural darkness outside the tunnel’s mouth was a huge relief. It was as if they had reached air they could actually breathe. They made their way up the bank and over the fence. Even the change in footing back to a normal walking path was another step toward the normalcy of being out of the tunnel. Gail checked her watch. They were only inside for 10 minutes.
“Where is my…?” Chris started, standing in the parking lot. Gail peaked around him. “My car!” 
The passenger window of the parked grey Chrysler Le Barron rolled down. The lights were on and it was running. Interior black lights pulsed with the bass of the 90’s alternative radio hit that was playing. A young Jake Gates sat in the passenger seat. “Lets go, Dude! Come on!”
“Is that Jake!?” Gail asked, but got no reaction from the passenger.
Chris grabbed her hand and led her around the back of the car. 
“This was my car back in High School,” he whispered to his girlfriend. “And Jake looks about seventeen, too… Someone is in the back seat.”
“Were those the guys that ran past us yelling?” she asked.
Chris opened the driver door. The dome light came on and he could see the person sitting behind Jake.
“D.B.!”
Chris leaned the driver seat forward and urged Gail into the back seat. 
“Hi, Donnie! What are you guy doing here?” Gail asked. But it was as if she hadn’t even spoke.
Chris got in the diver seat and closed the door. The smell of the interior, old upholstery and car wash air fresheners, immediately took him back. Without thinking, he grabbed the gear shift up at the steering wheel and dropped it into reverse.
“They can’t hear me. They can’t even tell I’m here,” Gail said, looking at a high school version of Jake Gates and Donnie Bryte.
“You are right,” Chris said, zipping the car down the street, leaned back in his well warn grove. “I don’t remember this night specifically, but this is a night just like any, that the three of us would just drive around town.”
The windows stayed down and the two boys on the right side of the car bopped along to a song Chris hadn’t heard in ages. The night was warmer than before they went into the tunnel. The streetlights seemed more yellow than white. The town had de-aged by a decade in the blink of an eye. The ridiculous pump of the bass from speakers hidden in his trunk rattled the whole car, drowning out the other frequencies in regular time. The overly responsive V6 engine lurched the car forward, and blasted it down streets. His key chain with multiple charms jangled and swayed. 
Jake sat comfortably in the front seat. Chris always remembered how relaxed he was sitting there, despite his slightly erratic driving. He had full confidence in his friend. Donnie sat in the back, and would pop over to the middle, and lean forward on the front seats when he had something to say, or wanted to drum along with an awesome fill. This time he leaned forward to talk.
“Should we swing past the Theater? Might be cool? See if we see anybody we know?”
Chris cranked the wheel and headed in the direction of the movie theater. It wasn’t the only one in town, but the others were on the way out, and there would only be one movie theater they would go to without specifying the name. 
He jetted up the dark street to the new building on the top of the hill. Other than the music, the drove in silence. This was exactly the way he remembered it. Nowhere to go, gas costing just over a dollar a gallon, so they dove. Sometimes it was back roads. Sometimes it was impromptu trips down the hill, towards Sacramento. Back then, going to a town 20 miles away was really exploring new territory. Chris laughed at how small to world was to him back then.
The bump of the transition into the parking lot prompted Jake to turn down the music. With the windows down, the whole car looked out at who they could see in the ticket box and lobby of the theater. It must have been after the last show time as the place was winding down. Only a handful of employees, few of whom they knew, and none they wanted to harass.
“Is this your typical weekend night in high school? Cruising around doing a whole lot of nothing?”
“Honestly, it totally was!” Chris said to Gail. The others didn’t seem to notice. “We were pretty cool, but man were we ever boring! At least we had each other.”
“Oh no,” Jake groaned. “Not this guy…”
A 99’ gold Camry pulled up beside the boys. It also had disgusting bass pumping, but with more of a rattle. There was a primer-black, unpainted spoiler on the back trunk, homemade white paint-marker-pen pin striping. The back windows of the four-door coupe were covered with silver reflective window tint. Jace Bell leaned across the passenger seat.
“You know it’s illegal to have things hanging from your rear view mirror,” he said loudly to the other car.
“Then why do they sell them at Hot Topic?” Jake shot back rhetorically.
“Suck my fuzzy dice,” Chris said with a smirk. The others cracked up at this quick comeback. Even Gail snorted and grinned.
“What are you losers doing in your grandma’s old car? Just driving around cuz you have no friends?”
Chris felt himself fall backward into his seventeen year old self. His exterior confidence was still there, but the cool-calm that comes with age felt like it left. He was back to running a razors edge, barely thinking before he spoke.
“Whatever, dude, at least I got friends to hang out with. And this car would stomp your mothers’ Camry, any day of the week.”
Jace laughed. “You having those wimps as friends is almost as bad as having no friends. I was on my way to a house party and saw you little dorks driving around like you owned this town, so I had to say something.
“This car is a stick. Do you get that? I could double-clutch faster than that would shift and smoke you. It may just look like a simple Camry, but I’ve got it fine-tuned. You don’t even know all the mods I’ve got running under the hood.”
“Whatever man, it’s still a four-banger Camry. You can over-rev and skip gears all you want; this car would destroy you,” Chris said.
“Well, I guess there is one way to find out! Race me, if you are not a pussy.”
“This guy is such a dickhead,” Jake whispered to Chris and Donnie. “I’m pretty sure you could beat him, Chris.”
It was as if the playback paused so Gail could talk. “Did you really race this guy?”
“I don’t think I ever did…” Chris said, outside the flashback. “I actually reconnected with Jace a couple years ago, at one of those night-before-thanksgiving-meetups where everyone is in town to see their folks and happen to show up at the same bar. In high school, this guy was sort of our bully. He would harass us, kinda ineffectively. Come to find out from that night, he didn’t have any close friends like us and just wanted into our group.”
“Awe, that so sad.”
“Yeah, he would accuse us of what was actually going on with him. But back then he was just so dumb, we could have never been friends with him. When he would challenge us to races, he would say stuff like…”
“If I win,” Jace said, all resuming, “then you guys have to stay out of Auburn. You can have North Auburn where you are from, but everything past Palm Street is mine. That means if I catch you at Taco Tree, or the Mongolian barbecue, or anywhere downtown, I have free license to beat the crap out of you. I’ll slash your tires- call the cops and say you were stealing stuff.”
“And if we win, we get your spoiler!” Donnie said from the backseat.
The whole car broke out in laughter. Jace gave a look like he was embarrassed for the three. He revved his car a couple times to get the attention back on him.
“Fine, if you pansies really want to do it, meet me on New Airport Road by the golf course. There is a good quarter mile stretch there.”
At that Jace peeled out of the parking lot, fishtailing jerkily on the main road.
“Stay out of Auburn? Who does this guy think he is? Screw him, we can just go to the other Taco Tree. It’s better anyway!” Jake said.
“He couldn’t really keep us out…” Donnie said.
“Yeah, but a bet is a bet,” Chris said, rolling out of the parking lot in the direction of the golf course.
“True,” Donnie agreed. “But imagine if we could make him take off that stupid spoiler! That would be so great. He would never hear the end of it.”
“Are we really going to do this? Do you think you could really beat him?” Jake asked, serious.
“I was going to ask the same thing,” Gail said.
“For sure. This car is definitely faster than his stock Camry,” Chris said to both. “And he thinks having a stick will make him faster. But I’m willing to bet he will choke on one of those shifts, or try to be fancy and mess up.”
“He said he had done upgrades under the hood…” Donnie reminded.
“He may have changed his air filter or something else. But you would have to do a lot more than some high school kid could to make a car like that really race. He is all talk. Come on, we won’t lose Auburn.”
Through the dark town they drove. No one was on the street. All the businesses were closed. It was not just due to being taken back in time, it was just the way the town was on a Saturday night after ten. Chris knew just the spot that Jace had meant for the drag strip. When he would get his next car, a fast little Honda hatchback, he would race people from work on the straight, level strip of road that lead to the airport and industrial district.  
Turning onto New Airport, the four could see a pair of headlights sitting at the far end of the road at the entrance to the golf country club. Chris did a practice run, jetting down the road and gliding up to Jace’s door, so the drivers were face to face. 
“Donnie can drop the flag. We call it right before the rise at the sign that warns about the intersection?”
“Yeah,” Jase said condescendingly, “That’s where the quarter mile ends. Have you not raced down here before?”
“Oh, I have,” Chris shot back with confidence. “But it’s just the first and last time I’ll ever have to race out here with you.”
“I’m so scared!” Jace said, and put the car in gear. “Get ready to stay out of my side of town for good!”
“I guess we get out?” Jake asked, unsure of how it was going to go down.
“It will make the car lighter,” Donnie agreed. “And somebody has to say, ‘Ready, Set, Go.’”
“What about the finish line?” Jake asked.
“Its fine,” Chris said, high fiving Donnie and Jake. “We will know who won.”
The two got out and Gail climbed into the front seat. She pulled on her seat belt. As they got the car in position, a new song came on the radio. A rhythm electric guitar started off solo, soon followed by the singer. Backing strings kicked on in the soft chorus.
Chis got in the right lane. Jace in the left. Donnie stood in the center. The song began to crescendo. The singer dragged the final notes of the chorus as Donnie put up his arms. As if he could hear the beat inside the Le Barron, he shouted:
“ON YOUR MARK… GET SET… GOOOOOOOOOO!”
The song pounded into the chorus, full band letting loose. The engines shouted their own song, throwing power to the wheels. Both cars screeched with burning rubber before rocketing forward.
“Whaooooo! Go, go, go!” Gail shouted, pinned back to the seat as Chris floored the gas pedal. He didn’t bother to let up on the accelerator to allow the engine to shift prematurely. He knew exactly where the sweet spot on the car was. And it showed.
He was a car length ahead of the Camry. With each gear change, the Camry lagged back a beat before surging forward. But it just wasn’t enough. The Le Barron steadily outran the newer import, easily reaching the end sign well ahead of Jace Bell.
Chris pounded the steering wheel in victory. He mashed the breaks and twisted the wheel, throwing it into a slide. He performed the maneuver automatically, as if compelled to do so. The car floated sideways smoothly and came to a halt before the intersection of the main street.
Jace was gone, the street lights were back to white, and Chris sat in the driver’s seat of his white Subaru. Gail sat beside him, grinning widely. She grabbed his hand.
“That was so much fun,” she squealed. “You didn’t even come close to losing Auburn.”
“No way. It wasn’t even close,” he beamed.
With the traffic non-existent, they ran the light and got back on the main road towards the freeway, and headed home.
This is a Deception

Once, there was a dentist in a small city in Canada. He had taken on students from time to time, and brought them up to speed with his craft. Some took to it better than others. Some developed styles of their own. His last apprentice was quite adept at making deaths look like accidents. The one before, David, was much more in the vein of classic assassins.
In fact, when the dentist looked in retrospect, David had been the final turn away from obvious assassination. He had trained the young man by philosophies that were heading in this new direction, in which he now firmly found himself. It wasn’t that he was tired of the killing. As long as there were powerful and greedy men, assassins would have work. The dentist had help reestablish the assassin league, and strengthen the network of killers across the English speaking globe.
Some of his contemporaries might hear of his new line of thinking and scoff, thinking the aging man had gone soft. And, perhaps he had… Or perhaps he had become smarter. Either way, it didn’t matter. The dentist had always done what the dentist wanted, regardless of what anyone else thought. The end goal for most of those who hired him through the league was the same. They wanted the target gone and punished. A death sentence by ones’ peers didn’t bother him, it was the risk involved. That’s why he was hired, to negate risk and provide deniability.
For years, he was happy to take on the risk. The students he trained were hungry for it. But as the dentist got older, he kept finding the risk unnecessary. Finding out that a CEO of a company was allergic to strawberries and using that to end his life minimized the risk. Doing things the way David did, the way he used to do, even well planned and executed still was very risky.
The dentist was the one who perfected drive-up-pistol-shot-escape-on-a-sport-bike attack. Unfortunately, traffic and a police officer deviating from his normal patrol pattern got the better of him. But he knew the code; a vow of silence from the day he was caught until the day he was released. For David, that day might never come.
His last student was much more subtle. Anna was an engineer. She would engineer accidents. Small devices, cameras, and timing were her weapons. She eliminated risk, not because she didn’t have a taste for up close work, but because of her physical limitations. And she wasn’t the only one. It seemed the trend was moving in that direction, across the board. All this was ever further away from the way he had learned the trade.
Rarely these days would you hear of an eight hundred meter shot from a long rifle bringing down a fast food franchise owner. No one stepped out of the shadows in a parking garage with a knife anymore. He could not remember the last time he heard of anyone using a garrote.
But that was the nature of life. Change. One day it might loop back around. But now, it had not, and he planned to push it even further in the other direction. No more killing. He just wouldn’t take contracts that excluded every other option. 
He had made up his mind to assassinate peoples characters. He would take livelihoods, rather than lives. The corrupt could sit behind bars, rather than take the long sleep. And for most the people he was sent after, the damning information was already out there. Frame some, sure, but exposing true natures would be the bulk of the work.
The dentist had been working the same way for forty years. He was ready to re-hone his trade. And the opportunity all began with a phone call.

The dentist was leaving his practice when his phone rang. His other phone. He answered it with a quick, “Give me a second,” and slipped it back in his pocket. Making it to his car, he put all his items on the passenger seat, including his regular phone, and went for a walk.
“Hello! Who’s this?” he asked pleasantly as he walked across the parking lot and through a gap in the bushes to the sidewalk on the main street.
“Hey there Paddle. It’s Broach. Remember me?”
The dentist switched to a flawless Australian accent. “Mister Broach! It’s been a while. I don’t get many voice calls to this number! I hope this isn’t important.”
“Not in that way,” the other man on the line said. “Had to call in a favor with central to get your number, so I’m hoping it was worth the effort.”
The dentist remembered back to the job he had done with Broach, seven years prior. In that rare case, three members of the guild were brought together for a job. They had used code names that were pre-selected and somehow he was called ‘Paddle.’ Unbeknownst to the rest of the team, he had his newest student along to observe. It was an invaluable learning experience for David.
“I heard a mentee of yours got himself in trouble a couple years ago,” Broach said. “I’m sorry to hear it. He did such a good job staying out of the fray on our business trip.”
The dentist should have not been surprised Broach knew about David. He had his own research on Broach before accepting the assignment. He knew Broach was really named Mark Skeltom, a golf-ball diver based in Arizona. He tried not to let on any shock slip through at the insight.
“David is a good lad. He just got a tough hand dealt to him.”
“Well, the reason for my call,” Broach said, as if the pair were old friends just catching up, “Is that I wanted to know if you were currently sponsoring anyone at the moment?”
“Someone close to you that you couldn’t train yourself?”
“Exactly,” the voice said on the other line. “I’m not too close with anyone else in the organization and, well, I liked the way you operate. I figure if I’m going to send him to someone, you might be a good bet. I caught wind that you do this sort of tutelage pretty regularly?”
“They just seem to find me,” the dentist mused. “How close is this relation? A son?”
“Brothers’.”
“And he knows about the requirements?”
“I think so. I’ll lay it out flat for him before I send him your way.”
“My internship program takes a year, minimum. Have him come ready to train. I have a new methodology I’m employing in my practice. If he doesn’t like it, he can go at any time. If there are problems, I can trust you to correct them?”
Broach took a deep breath. “I can. I’ll make sure he understands when I give him the offer.”
“I can pick him up, last day of any month, the bus station in that city we worked together. Have him stand in the corner. I’ll ask if Broach sent him.”
“I appreciate it,” the man on the other line said. “And now I owe you one.”

The greyhound bus station in Denver looked like an old time airport terminal. The floor was made up of wall to wall dirty-tan tiles. Coated metal, swooping, grate-like benches sat in rows in front of departing terminals and ticket counters. The entire back wall was covered in vending machines. Overhead announcements were automated and a bit too quiet to be heard over the roar of passengers waiting.
A young woman confidently entered the station. She looked around the huge room and identified her mark. Against the back wall near the backdoors that lead out to a smoking area, was a young man, bag at his feet and back to the corner. He looked awkward, back pinned to the ninety degree angle, and standing under a TV mounted above his head. Everyone seemed to be staring at him, and he felt it.
The young woman walked confidently in his direction, and paused before the back doors. She looked over at the boy in the corner and asked conversationally, “Yo, kid! Did Broach send you?”
His eyes lit up. He grabbed his bag from the ground, and followed her out the back doors. The young woman beckoned for the new apprentice to follow as she went out to the designated smoking area. She pulled out a cigarette and lit it up. He stood expectantly in front of her.
“You’re Paddle? I’m Teddy” he whispered to the woman. The boy was tall and thin. Black, close cropped curly hair, and an olive completion. He wore jeans and a polo shirt. On his wrist was a black watch that looked a bit too big for his frame.  
“I have no idea who that is,” she said, slightly offended. She blew out a breath of smoke before she explained. “I was told to come get you and ask you if you understand what you are about to get into, or your obligation… Something like that. So are you cool?”
“Yeah, yeah,” he said, confused.
“Fifty dollars,” she said, holding out her hand. “He said you pay me and then I tell you where he is waiting.”
Teddy fished out his wallet and selected three twenty-dollar bills. “Do you have…”
“Its fine,” she said, taking all the bills. “The guy is right over there, across the street a little way down. A grey BMW. Can’t miss him.”
With that she walked away, cigarette in mouth, out across the greyhound terminal and onto the street.
Teddy followed, but not her exact path. On the sidewalk, he looked up and down the street. It took no more than a moment to see the grey sedan close by. He debated bolting across the three lane street, and opted to go up to the end of the block, cross, and walk down. In the end, he was happy with his choice of not looking rushed when he first met his new employer.
The young man, bag in hand, stopped in front of the passenger door and knocked once.
The door unlocked, and he opened it. Teddy got inside and pulled the door closed.
“Hello, I’m Teddy. Broach sent me.”
“I’m pleased to meet you, Teddy. I’m Mr. Moon. That girl didn’t give you too much trouble, did she?”
“She took sixty instead of fifty, but I suppose that’s on me for not having any tens…”
“She had you pay her?” the dentist chuckled. “Smart girl. Well then, you do have some cash on you?”
“Not a lot, just some traveling money,” Teddy answered.
“You are old enough to rent a car? Have a license and everything?”
“Yes, Sir.”
“No need for all that,” the dentist waved away the formality. He reached across and opened the glovebox. Inside he took out an envelope. It was dropped in Teddy’s lap.
“In there is some cash for a rental car for yourself. There is a credit card for deposits and incidentals. Try not to use it if you can. There is a business card for a place in Columbus, Missouri. Get a car and head there first. Show them the card and get some alternate ID’s made up. Then head out to Philadelphia. We can meet at FDR Park in exactly three days. There is a skate park there which should be easy to find. We have a job to start on in a suburb nearby.”
“Questions?” the dentist asked, watching and evaluating his new student.
“Wow, that’s quite a way…”
“A lot of this job is long drives. Keep it exactly at the speed limit and don’t be foolish. This is your first test; I want to see if you can be relied on with simple instructions.”
“Yep, no, I can do all that,” Teddy said, nodding. He wanted to tell Mr. Moon all about how he could live up to the expectation and how he knew he could do what his uncle did if he just had a chance. He was thrilled to be starting down this path. He knew a lot about computers and…
It was on the tip of his tongue, about to all come out when the dentist headed off the gushing admission.
“Alright, well then, I’ll see you there then,” he said, motioning for Teddy to get out of the car.
The kid got the hint and popped out of the car with his envelope in hand. 
“I’ll see you there,” Teddy nervously reconfirmed, and the two parted ways.

In three days’ time, the two met at the skate park on the edge of FDR Park in South Philadelphia. The dentist sat on a park bench beside the half pipe, looking like a grandfather watching a young grandson. When Teddy arrived, he got up and the two walked back to the parking lot.
The elder lead the way back to a hotel and up to a work suite, which would serve as a base of operations for this job.
“Now usually, if I do this much prep work, and have a student, I arrange for more than one job. It makes the trip worth the overhead. But today we are starting slow, and trying something new and more complicated.
“Try to take it all in and reflect on why I am doing the things I do. This job is all about prep work. Proper planning can take you more than half way in this job. Now take a look at what I’ve been working on.”
Spread across the table were charts, pictures, a computer, external hard drive, a black booklet, a pill bottle, and a shoebox. The dentist put his finger on the photo sheet.
“This is our guy. Darius Stevenson. He runs Stevenson and Sons Plumbing, Heating and Air. His brother and ex-wife want him gone because he won’t sell the family business after a substantial offer. They feel he is mismanaging the company and they want what is theirs. He refuses.”
“So we are going to kill him,” Teddy said.
“Not this time. They still get what they want if he is out of the picture. Putting a little remote bug on his break line at a critical moment would take care of the problem permanently. But we can remove him from the business without unnecessary accidents or possible collateral damage.”
“Oh!” Teddy said. “And I guess that’s a bit more of a specialty service as well… For those who don’t want to go to the extreme…”
“Exactly,” the dentist said. “So here is the plan…”

At 6:13 PM, Wilmington Fire and Rescue received a call for a man slumpt behind the wheel of a vehicle in the Rittenhouse Industrial Park. A dual paramedic unit was dispatched, along with a fire engine. A single police cruiser also responded, as it was in his beat. Things had been slow since he came on at five.
Arriving at the scene, he spoke with the Fire Captain who was noting down facts for his report as the ambulance was loading their patient.
“Who do you got?” the officer asked.
“A Darius Stevens. Sixty-two. Found him passed out in his car at a stop sign.”
“Drunk?”
“I don’t think so. He was semi-conscious and delirious after we tried to wake him up.” 
The pair walked to the back of the ambulance where the crew worked on their uncooperative patient.
“Darius,” the paramedic sitting on the bench called in a loud voice. “I need you to open your eyes for me, Darius. If you don’t, I’m going to have to have my partner stick a tube down your nose. It’s not going to feel very nice, but I’m going to have to do it if you can’t stay awake for me.”
Both worked quickly on overlapping tasks, but were still able to answer the police officers questions.
“What’s going on with him?” The officer asked, looking through the man’s wallet.
“I don’t think its E.T.O.H. We didn’t find anything in the car like that. Nothing on his breath I can smell. No track marks. We checked his sugar and he was 92. No fever or anything. Not acting like he just had a seizure. Did I see a pill bottle in the center console?”
The fire Captain sent a fire fighter back to look in the work van. The police officer followed. 
Sure enough, an old prescription bottle was sitting in the cup holder.
“Says it’s for allergies. Let’s see what’s inside,” The firefighter said, unscrewing the childproof lid. He tilted the contents toward the police officer.
“Do those look like allergy pills to you?” The cop asked, semi-rhetorically.
“Well, this prescription was filled in ’04, so I doubt that’s what these are,” he said, taking a second look at the non-labeled pills inside the bottle. “But I’m no expert. Let’s check with the medic.”
The medic concurred. They were just about ready to transport and she was finding nothing else that indicated why her patient was altered. “I’ll take them along and give them to the ER. Maybe they will know what they are.”
With the patient transported, Fire turned the scene over to the Police. The officer pulled his cruiser to the edge of the road, then moved the Stevenson and Sons van out of the road as well. He poked around through the van, looking for a registration or other indicators, when he ran into the black notebook. It was small, unlabeled – the type of notepad a tradesperson would jot down quick notes or measurements in. On a whim, the officer picked up the notebook and flipped through the pages. 
Nothing stuck out to him at first glance, until a page with a photo taped in became pronounced. The officer was floored. His gut reaction was to close the book. He almost dropped it in disgust. Doing his duty, he flipped through again, finding more of the vile photos. He closed the book and brought it to his squad car to make a phone call.

In Teddy’s rental car, outside Darius Stevenson’s house, it had gotten dark. Teddy sat in the back seat and watched the area through the tinted windows. The dentist jogged down the sidewalk and got in the back, next to Teddy. Both were wearing running gear.
“Any movement?” the dentist asked.
“Not yet, Mr. Moon. The son is still inside. But I’ve seen a couple lights turn on and off again.”
“Any hints of a dog? Additional occupants, security system?”
“I see a doorbell camera, but that’s it.”
“Good, then we can use a…”
The son barreled out of the front door of the house, phone pressed to his ear. He looked to be in his mid-twenties, and was half put together. He made right for his car, throwing his jacket through the driver’s side of his SUV. He backed out of the driveway quickly, obviously without looking, and took off down the road.
Teddy and Mr. Moon waited a full five minutes before getting out of the car. Both wore small water-system backpacks that looked benign, but were in fact stuffed with tools and items. They jogged down the block, crossed the street and came back down. Seeing the coast was clear, they left the sidewalk and skirted the back of the house. Both hopped a five foot wooden fence with ease and were now protected from street view. A motion light came on above an exterior door, and the dentist quickly picked the lock to get into the small one car garage. Both stepped inside and shut the door.
They stood and waited. The house was still.
Slowly, they crept inside. The pair split off, the dentist finding a nook off the kitchen. A disheveled home office and computer engulfed a built in desk. Flipping on a red light headlamp, the dentist found the computer tower and plugged in a thin, long black cord to an inconspicuous port. He ran the cord down to the baseboard. He then pulled out a keyhole saw and cut a section of the baseboard free with the thin-kerfed blade. He removed the baseboard and cut further into the sheetrock behind it. With a small cavity exposed, he swept up the debris from the cut. 
The dentist went to the sink and stood over the basin. He tossed in his sweepings, then drilled a hole for the cable to pass through the base board. Next, he drew out a sheet of plastic and removed a transparent, sticky layer. Onto the small hard drive he had brought along, the dentist placed the fingerprints of Darius Stevenson on the smooth white surface. He sat the drive in the sink and blew some of the dust from drilling the hole and his sweepings to give the drive a good dousing.
Back on his hands and knees, he plugged in the drive through the baseboard hole and tucked it away. Setting the board back in place, he applied a thin amount of paste to the seams to mask the removable board.
All the while, Teddy had found Darius’s bedroom. It was a single, working-man’s bedroom; unkempt and unconcerned with appearances. The bed was undone and sheets made not from this decade. An oak dresser stood just inside the door, several drawers ajar. Teddy tried the top, and sure enough, it was half full of underwear and balled pairs of white sox. He pulled it all the way out and place in a stack of pill cards, foil back unbroken. He closed the drawer and moved on.
The next part was made him the most uneasy. He found the door to the basement and turned on his own red light headlamp. He made his way down the bare wooden stairs and took off his running pack. Inside he took out the now gently crumpled shoebox. He peaked under the lid at the charred bones held inside a zipper-lock bag. Teddy drew out his own fingerprint transfer sheet and clumsily stuck Darius’s fingerprint on the plastic bag.
Looking around the basement, he found a framework against a back wall and placed the box in a tub of miscellaneous tools that was on the bottom shelf. He grabbed an old metal drill and set it on top. Trying not to hurry, he scooted up the stairs and up to the main floor.
The dentist was finishing up. He ran water in the sink to flush out any remaining dust. Teddy gave him the thumbs up, and the two exited the way they came.

On the drive back, Teddy couldn’t contain himself.
“That was so amazing! The burnt, crushed up bones kinda freaked me out, but the whole thing was brilliant! Who knew it would be so easy to get in there and do all that? Are you sure that’s going to be enough to kill him without killing him? What if his son is like, ‘no way, my dad is not that way. I would know’?”
“I’m betting it will be enough. The drive alone should be. The drugs will get them on the scent and the deeper they dig, the more they will find. 
“Not everyone has secrets,” The dentist went on, “But when you find out someone you thought you knew had a secret, people who thought they knew them are incensed. It’s easy to believe you know someone. And when you find out you don’t, it flips the world on its head. Everyone will feel betrayed and they will cast him away. He is as good as dead.”
“I really like it,” Teddy said. “More work than a bullet from a mile away, but he is still done for. Worse, maybe than just suddenly being gone.”
The dentist switched subjects.
“I suppose you should come back with me to my place. You did well, and I think we can continue working together.”
“Thank you,” Teddy said quietly, unsure if it was the correct response.
“Return your rental car tomorrow and fly to Spokane. Take a bus out to Glacier National Park. You should be able to get out to the main visitors center by Thursday at noon. Then I’ll show you my way across the border.”
“Canada! Oh, alright. Can do.”
The pair drove the rest of the way back to the hotel in Philadelphia in silence. The dentist really was pleased with the performance of his new student. He was sure he would harden up to the idea of handling human remains after his first experience. He had a feeling that the way forward in the coming years, due to his new technique, would involve planting genetic material to solidify the deception. But this was just the start. It comfort to him that he could effortlessly convince a student to destroy someone’s character, rather than defaulting to ending their life. Going down this road left him feeling re-invigorated after the defeat of losing a former student to the risks of the profession. 
There Was Also The Earthquakes...

Terrance Carter was fourteen when he decided to be an astronaut. He lay in his top bunk bed, with his younger brother below, in a converted dining room, when the idea solidified. He would go to space. He would leave this planet. He would be a space man. 
What was it that made the young boy decide, there in his single bed, at 11:14 pm, the trajectory of the rest of his life? It was a cascade of events. His uncle, who had one good hand and was a brilliant scientist, had given him a very old science fiction book. In it, a man built his own ship in his backyard. He went to Mars without much trouble. Most of the old science fiction back in this time considered Mars to be a habitable place where Martians lived. Our planetary neighbors were like space whales or cows. Mars was a place you could walk and talk and live, much like earth. The red planet was a whimsical place, before the next wave of authors came along. These writers imagined Mars was full of hostile aliens, ready to strike at Earth as soon as they were able. Reality was much more boring.
The first humans to attempt to go to Mars had left earth six days prior. That night, at 8:44 pm, they were to slingshot around the moon and begin the three month journey to the red planet. Terrance had watched the news coverage before bed. The special reporting included experts who spoke about the historic mission. They spoke of the conditions the astronauts would be facing at their destination. They spoke on the real Martians they would find; hearty bacteria and micro-organisms that had inadvertently hitched a ride on probes and rovers sent over the years. No traces of native life had been found yet, a fact the visitors were looking to validate. These three men and two women would be spending a Martian year on the neighboring world before returning home. Their initial footprint would be the site of planned future expansion. 
At fourteen, Terrance felt in his chest, down to his bones, that he could be one of those explorers too. He could go next. He had a chance to be one of the few that left the planet. How was he that different from any of the other men that went to space? He rolled over and grabbed his phone. Tapping on the screen, a black and white picture popped up. A snub-nosed man in a uniform smiled while looking away from the camera. 
Terrance had not learned about Yuri Gagarin in school. One day at home he had happened to catch a beautiful photo of the statue of the first man in space as a screen saver background on his living room TV. The majestic tower of shiny metal in Moscow, was like no statue he had ever seen. This man looked like a super hero blasting into the heavens. His curiosity at the man who was honored by this monument caught him that moment. He went on to investigate on his own. Searching the name, a much more common man’s face appeared. He looked young, and boyish, not like an elite hero. This man was real; like he was. 
Terrance was on the small side. His father was below average height. His mother was tall and thin. If they were any indication, he would not be large enough to play basketball or football. But to fit into space craft, he figured this would be better than being too large. Hadn’t he heard you couldn’t be too tall to be a fighter pilot?
There was also the earthquakes… 
Even in Colorado he had felt them. California had finally begun to tear itself apart. The famous fault line had slipped, three times in three days, moving the coast miles north. Each earthquake had a different epicenter and was in the 7.0 magnitude range, each time. While the destruction from the back-to-back-to-back quakes were bad enough on the west coast, it had gotten worse. Two volcanoes became active due to the shaking. Mount Hood and Mount Baker had come to life. Smoke, ash, and lava were flowing from their tops. No major explosions had occurred yet, but some thought it was a distinct possibility.
To Terrance, it felt like the world was falling apart. With all the desperate cries of climate change, and pollution, and population increase, and now Mother Nature acting out, the fourteen year-old boy could feel a sense of panic rising. He didn’t think it was the end of times, the way some of the bays in his class had said. He was not superstitious. He did not think the world would ever crumble in on itself and wipe away all living things. Even if they were living through a new extinction event, it would still be happening by the time he was old and gone. If the earth was changing, there was nothing he would ever be able to do about it. 
But where he could not change the planet, maybe he could change the planet he was on. Mars was arguably in worse shape than Earth. With its magnetosphere being stripped away and a thin atmosphere, it was doubtful that humans would ever be able to naturally survive on the rock. But it was a start. Super Earths were being found everyday by new telescopes that were being put into space. He watched a video series of a man who gave the latest updates of different efforts from around the world, by various space agencies, to study and explore space. He wouldn’t have considered watching these videos and being informed as a hobby, but thinking back on it, he was unaware this interest had pushed him closer to his present decision.
Terrance checked his watch. It was two minutes to midnight. He needed to go to sleep. The decision he had just made seemed like a revelation, and he was not sure if he would be able to sleep now that he had made it. He was giddy, laying in his top bunk. Being fourteen, he could take a real running start. Who knows where he could be in ten years? Maybe on the moon, servicing one of those telescopes planned to be put on the dark side? 
Up off the planet; that he was sure of. 
Fire from Water

Chapter 1
A single pair of boots clopped slowly across the worn asphalt. The heel struck first; hard sole then rolling across the gritty hardtop. Lieutenant Safton stopped in the middle of the motorpool and bent over to pick up a stray screw hiding down a seam. Standing, the short, thin woman paused to observe the smattering of soldiers working on a line of Barristan Jeeps against the back fence. Hoods were up, soldiers stood around with manuals, and wheels were being removed. Adjusting the cap on her chocolate brown hair, the lieutenant continued on towards the mechanics bays.
She walked into a bay, which was ten degrees colder than outside. A private, coverless and in a mechanics jumpsuit was pulling a floor jack out as she came in. They caught eyes and he nodded to her.
“Good Morning, Ma’am,” he said as he continued along.
“Where is the motor sergeant’s office?” she asked.
“In there,” he answered, nodding to a closed door. He continued out the bay, the jack making a terrible noise as the solid wheels rattled over the outside ground.
The metal door swung inward to a short hall. On the left was an office with half-windowed walls and a door that matched. In black stenciled letters read:

SFC CONWAY
MOTORSEC   A/446th RSB

She knocked as she opened the door. A fully grey man with a bristle mustache sat behind a desk looking out a tinted window. The whole line of Barristan’s could be seen from his vantage point. He turned and motioned her in.
“You must be our new section L.T.”
“I am,” Safton said, taking a seat. “I just came from the company headquarters. I met with the commander. Sounds like this is going to be a good unit.”
“It’s a good place to be,” he nodded. “The office across the hall will be yours. Is this your first assignment, or do you know what’s going on?”
“I was prior enlisted. I have a good grasp on the job,” she confirmed. Looking out at the soldiers on the line, she motioned with her head. “How about them? What can you tell me about our team?”
As if her words conjured a tug of gravity, a jeep, propped up on a rolling jack, slipped. Its sudden shift caught both their attention, along with everyone else in the motorpool. Sergeant Conway and Lieutenant Safton were out of their chairs in a flash. The cheap stamped metal clanged off the walls as they raced out of the building.
As Lieutenant Safton ran, close on the heels of Sergeant Conway, the scene ahead bobbed up and down in her vision. A cluster of uniforms stood around the cockeyed jeep. Several were trying to lift the front left corner, which had collapsed. Under the driver’s side door, a torso and legs lay on the ground. They kicked and struggled while the vehicle sat on the chest of the soldier trapped beneath.
Almost to the accident, out of the corner of her eye, Safton saw someone run past at more than full sprint. A voice at the jeep shouted, “Move for the Ox!” 
The gaggle parted in time for the sprinter to arrive, with almost no deceleration. The soldier looked like any other; there was nothing physically dominate about him. But with one motion, a heave of full body extension, the jeep was lifted, nearly back to its natural pitch. 
On the side, the trapped soldier was yanked from beneath the jeep. “Get back,” the straining soldier barked as he alone held up the front corner of the military vehicle. Lieutenant Safton noticed sergeant strips on the soldiers’ sleeves as he darted his head side to side. Everyone complied, and he dropped the vehicle down to the ground. The sergeant himself, fell backwards, looking exhausted, back on the blacktop.
Sergeant Conway ran over to the freed soldier, who was being looked after by others. A stretcher was demanded for the bleeding, coughing mechanic who was just freed from under the Barristan. The yelling from the senior mechanic started in on his subordinates. 
All this was tuned out by Lieutenant Safton, who circled the group to get a better look at the sergeant who had lifted the jeep. He now sat on the ground, arms around his knees, shaking his head at the stupidity of the safety violation that had demanded his action. Nothing stood out about the dirty blond haired sergeant. Taking a step closer to read his nametape, he caught her inspecting him.
Oxley- the name read.
The Lieutenant nodded imperceptibly. Sergeant Oxley caught the movement and nodded back in turn. He got to his feet as everyone dispersed.

Chapter 2
The morning was dark. Thick clouds covered the setting illumination of the moon. Distant sounds of groups chanting in unison could faintly be heard drifting through the damp air. Anywhere else, that sound would be ominous, but on Fort Cridet, no one paid it a second thought.
Back in the motorpool, Lt. Safton stood in a full cold-weather physical fitness uniform. She held a clipboard in the maintenance bay, looking over the company PT test. Green workout mats were spread across the floor as soldiers, in neat lines, stepped up to graders for the push-up event. The sky was beginning to lighten as SGT Oxley stepped up to the grader. 
Even in his motions, he stood out from the rest of his peers. While in the first moments of the timed event, most of the soldiers pushed out as many reps as they could, the Sergeant was consistent. He never slowed. His rhythm never broke. When others reached near muscle failure and paused to catch their breath, to get in a few more push-ups before time ran out, Oxley was still moving. 
LT Safton ambled down the line, as if checking the graders and looking over the testers. SGT Oxleys’ grader counted his reps quietly, but out loud. “Sixty-seven… Sixty-eight…Sixty-nine… Seventy.”
The old man- who still looked young- paused in the starting position, then went to his knees. “That’s max for me, I’m done,” he told his grader.
The Lieutenant stopped, turned around and began to move back down the line of testers as the time keeper called out that there was 30 seconds remaining in the event. Someone yelled with determination. Arms shook and backs sagged. Soldiers in line cheered on those who were testing. The temperature dropped by two degrees as the sun started to peak over the eastern horizon.
Down the road from the motorpool, in a lower field, Alpha Company had occupied a half-mile running track. The senior leaders and those not testing stood loosely around the start/finish line. Safton stood away, slightly up the hill from the track, taking notes on her clipboard. Looking down on the track, the testers were spread out. Several ran in pairs, most clung to the inside lane except to pass, and a clear pack lead at the front. 	
At twelve minutes into the run, LT Safton could see all the runners’ form beginning to break down on the track. Shoulders swung, heads bobbed, and steam puffed from mouths. As the lead pack came within a tenth of a mile of the finish line, the loose formation broke apart. The strongest runners broke away from each other and sprinted the final distance. Times were called out as soldiers crossed the line.
Still looking fresh, shirt tucked, hair and face dry, mouth closed, SGT Oxley finished his two mile run at the trailing edge of the pack. While others collapsed or bent over to huff and puff, Oxley transitioned from an easy run to a long-strided walk. He looped back around and started to walk backwards on the inside of the track, shouting encouragement at the soldiers still running. 
Before long, the company First Sergeant gathered everyone in an informal circle and praised their morning work. After a mostly substance-less speech, he released everyone for hygiene and breakfast. The company dispersed and everyone began to walk back to wherever they needed to go.
The morning had warmed with the risen sun and LT Safton pulled off her PT cap and put her gloves inside. She angled across the stream of soldiers going up the slight hill, gliding in next to a trio of soldiers who were not wearing full winter gear.
“That was pretty impressive, Sergeant.”
Oxley looked over at the new arrival, “Oh, thank you, Ma’am.”
“You didn’t even look tired,” LT Safton pushed, not getting much out of her opening attempt. The other two younger soldiers drifted away from their sergeant, presumably to stay out-of-sight-out-of-mind from the new officer.
“Oh!” Oxley chucked, “You think so, Ma’am? Well, in truth, I gave it about eighty percent. I’m not trying to impress anybody.”
“Not anymore, right? I read up on you a bit yesterday, after that little incident at the motorpool. And I saw your PT score card while you were testing. They had you in the over 62 age group? That was not a typo?”
“Well, it’s true!” SGT Oxley admitted. “I don’t go around telling everyone, but this last year I had to get a waver to stay in the Army. I turned sixty-five a couple months back. Had to do a big medical exam and get a support memo from the Post Commander.”
“And you only gave eighty percent out there?”
“I think having a good PT score is important,” Oxley said. “Makes the young ones look up to you. Gives them something to shoot for; to try to beat. So often when soldiers promote to sergeant, they think they made it and let their PT go. I’ll run any of my guys into the ground. It helps to earn their respect.”
“And you look like a private yourself. At sixty-five no less. I’d guess you were twenty-five.”
“Good clean living!” Oxley joked. “Lots of yams! Eight hours of sleep a night and a nap during lunch if I can pull it!”
“I guess you’d be the one to know about that! You have been a Sergeant for a while now. And not always a Mechanic?”  
“No, Ma’am. I’ve reclassed a couple times.”
“About once every ten years,” she stated matter-of-fact-ly.
“You did read up,” Oxley chuckled. They reached the road, taking the sidewalk back toward the company area. “Yeah, I get bored after a bit and like to try something different, now and again.”
“I saw your first job was Infantry. Your PT scores there were as high as they go. You have a ton of badges I don’t see you wear on your uniform- from some pretty high speed schools. How come you never tried out for Special Operations?”
Oxley gave a sheepish smile. “Just not for me, I guess.”
“Forty-four years in the Army… Forty as a Sergeant… Why haven’t you gone for promotion? They have you in a Staff Sergeant slot now.”
“I don’t know, Ma’am. I guess I’ve never really thought about it. I like being a buck Sergeant. I don’t think I’d like to do all the paperwork that comes with more rank. I like leading the Joe’s. I like doing the work; being at the tip of the spear.” 
“Well, it seems to suit you,” LT Safton said, as they arrived at the barracks.
“I’m going to go get cleaned up, Ma’am,” Oxley said. He threw up a salute, “We will see you at the motorpool at zero nine!”
The lieutenant returned the salute and Oxley jogged off to the building. Safton stood for a moment, regarding the conversation before continuing on to the company building. As she walked, a junior enlisted soldier, in a standard uniform came down a perpendicular sidewalk and joined up with the officer. 
“What do you think, Ma’am?” the tall, dark skinned Specialist Five, asked.
“Definitely,” she answered, not looking at him.
“Rightie-oh, I’ll set things up,” he answered, as they arrived at the concrete building. The unit flag of Alpha Company, 446th Rear Support Battalion was being brought out and placed in the stand. The pair paused for this action, and when LT Safton went into the building, the SPC-5 went the other way.

Chapter 3
“Oh shit!” Private Millow hissed out of the side of his mouth. He slapped at the girl sitting in the camping chair next to him. The female private stopped her conversation with another female private, and sat upright in her chair. 
“Who invited the new LT?” Kistern hissed at Millow.
“No idea,” Millow said back. He nervously held his beer in both hands by the base, trying to not look underage by his grip.
A boom box echoed catchy beats around the courtyard. Kirsten shuffled her bare feet in the grass and sun as grill smoke drifted across the group. Nine soldiers were strewn across the area between buildings, a cooler sitting on a picnic bench in the middle of the group. Back turned to the approaching LT was Sergeant Oxley. Sunglasses on, head bobbing to the beat, Oxley wore an untucked black campaign t-shirt from a previous deployment, a hat from the local college football team, and flimsy flip flops. 
While all the other young privates tightened up, Oxley was non-fazed by the arrival. “Oh, good, you found us! Welcome to our little barracks cookout! Grab a drink from the cooler if you like,” he said to Safton.
Safton was dressed in loose fitting jeans, light blue sleeveless blouse tucked above a black belt. She sat on the top of the table, feet planted on the bench. With a soda can in her hand, the party started to get back to normal. Two guys nearly spontaneously erupted into a wrestling match, only ending when one was in a headlock. Hot dogs were cooked and the off duty mechanics grabbed individual buns with no plates. 
“You live here, huh?” she asked the man who was twice her age, but looked younger.
“It’s actually super nice. I don’t have to share a room. I’m close to the company area. Some of the guys who have to come on post every morning have to leave an hour before I even wake up. I don’t mind it one bit.”
Safton nodded and looked out across the gathering, gauging the group.
Within the gab of loose conversation, Private Millow pipped up, talking to Private Kistern louder than called for. 
“Yeah, Sergeant Oxley has been in the Army forever. Yo! Sergeant, tell us a story from back in the day! Kistern didn’t know you’ve been in the Army longer than she’s been alive!”
“Yeah, tell us a story about when you were a private!” another soldier piped up.
“Alright,” Oxley agreed. He stood in front of the courtyard grill, shuffling meats around with his spatula in one hand, beer in the other. “I got one for you.”
“So, back when I was a private, I had this sergeant that didn’t believe in me. I’m pretty sure he hated my guts.”
Oxley looked around the gathering to gauge the interest. Someone rolled the dial down on the music as Millow fetched himself a fresh drink. The young looking sergeant put the spatula and leaned aginst the edge of the table top, back to Safton.  
“It probably all started the first day I got to my first unit after initial training. I did Initial Infantry Training and then went to Parachutist School. I had literally got on a bus after graduation and drove two days before I got there. I walk in and this guy, Staff Sergeant Feathers was his name, is on the company duty desk. He has the red star on his parachutist’s wings. This guy sees me and says, ‘oh great, another knuckledragger.’”
“See, the unit wasn’t a parachute regiment. It was wheeled assault. But the parachute qualified guys thought they were better than everyone else. I hadn’t had time to get my wings sewn on my uniform yet, on account of just getting off the bus.”
“So I say to him, chest puffed out, ‘I’m no knuckledragger, Sergeant. I’m a parachutist!’”	
Everyone at the cookout laughs.
“I can’t imagine him as a private,” Kistern whispered to the girl to her right. “How come he never wears his parachute badge now?” 
Millow to Kisterns right chimed in, “He has a ton of badges he doesn’t wear on his daily uniform. I’ve seen his dress uniform and…
Kistern hushed Millow as Sergeant Oxley continued his story.
“’Sure you are kid,’ he says to me. ‘Where is your badge?’”
“So, I try to explain to him about the bus ride and pull out my diploma, and BAM! Feathers smacks my paperwork out of my hand. He gets all up in my face and tells me if I was a real para-infantry, I would have my badge over my heart. I guess he expected me to sew it on myself on the bus ride, or something.”
“And that was my first run in with Feathers. I think that just started us down the wrong path. I ended up in the same platoon as this guy. He was the squad leader of a different squad, thank god, but we butt heads constantly. I guess he had the highest PT test score in the platoon before I came along. I wasn’t trying to beat him, but I did, and it just made things worse. He added a minute onto my run time once when he was a grader. I had my own watch to track my time. When I got done with my two miles, he says a full minute longer than I had. I tried to protest to my platoon sergeant, and boy, was that a mistake.”
“This was back in the day when it was okay to lay hands on a private. We don’t allow that anymore, but especially in the infantry, that was the norm. And no one listens to anything a private says. Your opinion is nothing until you make sergeant.”
“So Feathers and I had constant run-ins. He would pitch fits and call me a cheat when I did well on the yearly trials. I’m pretty sure he once put my leave form in the trash after I turned it in to my squad leader. It never got better. I ran into him a few times even after I left the unit. It never went well.”
“And that’s just the way it was back when I was a private. I had no say. I was new and I had to get along. I took it. But I learned what good leadership looked like from this guy. He was the opposite of what I wanted to be.”
“So you privates don’t know how good you got it with me! I could be mean!” Oxley pointed at his soldiers. Everyone laughed at the thought of their friendly sergeant being a hard ass for no reason.
“You know, I almost joined to be in a parachutist regiment,” Millow said to Kistern.
The female private raised her eyebrows and nodded. “I have to go to the bathroom,” she announced to everyone sitting around her.
Millow got the hint and rolled back upright in his camping chair. The music was tuned back to the previous level and several soldiers went in for another round of grilled meats.
“That was a good story,” Safton said to Oxley.
“Yeah, thanks,” Oxley said. “You know I actually went to that guy’s retirement ceremony? I just so happened to get detailed to set up flags and chairs and such. Different post and everything. Totally unexpected to run into him there.”
“Did you talk to him?”
“I had just made sergeant then. He saw me. He just stared. Didn’t nod or anything. It wasn’t even a glare. He just looked dead on at me. I’m not sure I will ever understand what happened with that,” Oxley wondered aloud. 
Safton sat silently for a moment, then put her soda down. “Thanks for the invite, but I’m going to take off.”
“Thanks for coming!” Oxley said.
“On Monday,” Safton paused. “After PT, don’t go to the motorpool. I need you to report to building four-twenty-six. Room three.”
“Just me?”
“Just you,” Safton confirmed. “Zero nine. Normal duty uniform. No need to bring anything.”
“Yes Ma’am.”
Safton nodded and walked away. The Saturday cookout continued. Oxley finished up at the grill.

Chapter 4
Rubber soled boots nearly inaudibly clicked down the polished linoleum flooring of the narrow hallway. Most of the sound reflected from the polished surface was absorbed in the jute wall coverings that went up to waist height. Half way down the hall, Sergeant Oxley found room three, indicated by the placard beside the wooden door. He knocked three times.
A tall, thin Captain opened the door. Sergeant Oxley took a tiny step back and peered inside the room. Safton, now wearing Major rank, sat at a long conference table. “Come on in, Sergeant. You are in the right place.”
Oxley slowly entered the room. The Captain closed the door behind them. A third person, a female private, was sitting at the far end of the table. She stared intensely at Sergeant Oxley. Confusion visible on his face, Sergeant Oxley’s gaze snapped from place to place.
The dark-skinned Captain, took his place at the table, across from the Major. His unit patch was something Oxley had never seen before. Dark blue berets lay half folded on the table next to the papers and files of each seated person. Oxley leveled a finger at the Captain.
“I swear I’ve seen you around recently. But wearing Spec Five rank…” he said. His mouth was slightly open and brow furrowed. “And did you get promoted twice over the weekend, or something… Ma’am?”
“David. I’m going to call you David,” Safton began. “Have a seat, please.”
“Whoa! How about that one? Did you feel that??” the private at the far end of the table asked the room.
“Turner! Not now,” the Captain growled.
“Who is she?” Oxley asked. “And what is this? An investigation?”
“Close,” Major Safton said, urging him to a chair.
Oxley sat. He put his own cap on the table. He eyed the dark blue berets.
“They are authorized especially for our unit,” Safton said. “Like how parachute regiments wear red and Pathfinders wear black. The blue is designated for those assigned to the Psychic and Enhanced Warfare Unit.”
“You are all psychics?” Oxley asked.
“No, just her,” the Captain answered, indicating the private at the end of the table.
“Captain Broderick and I have been placed in charge of a small group of soldiers which the Army has identified as unique. Right now, there are four of us. We hope to leave Fort Cridet with six in the unit.”
“Six?” Oxley asked.
“I can’t get anything from him,” Private Turner pipped up from the end of the room. “It’s all just slow… and tough… and I can’t scoop anything off… it’s just a warm layer of heat…”
“Turner! Please! You were not brought along to interrupt!” Broderick scolded.
“Sorry, Sir,” the private said, snapping back to herself, as if she had been lightly slapped.
“So this is recruitment…”
“You did say you liked to change jobs every ten years or so,” Major Safton pointed out.
“What we are primarily looking for is a hands on leader. Someone who can hang with the people we have. Help us shape them into a unit. Without an experienced NCO as a first line leader, it is going to be difficult for myself and Major Safton to be engaged in the big picture aspects of a controversial unit such as this.”
“And what about…” Oxley began, when there was a loud nock at the door. 
He paused and turned as Captain Broderick got up and opened the door.
A young specialist stood surprised at the door. He was stocky and looked to be part native North Colombian. He began to salute the Captain when Broderick put up one hand and nodded in Major Saftons’ direction. The specialist looked confused and off-balance while the information processed. When, very noticeably, the pieces fell into place, the soldier smartly marched halfway around the table until he was five paces from the highest ranking officer in the room. His arm snapped up and held a salute.
“Specialist Vincent Overterrace, reporting as ordered, Ma’am.”
Major Safton stood and returned the salute. She pointed to a chair. “Have a seat.”
“You are being transferred to a new unit, Specialist. I am the commander. Captain Broderick is the executive officer. And Sergeant Oxley, there, is going to be your squad leader. Right after this we will need you to pack up your things and come with us to Camp Nine,” Safton said, laying it out slow and steady. “Do you have any questions for me?”
“Is this because of what happened on the range?” he asked.
“I’m glad you brought that up,” Captain Broderick said. “You got shot in a training accident last week? A crew-served automatic began firing uncontrollably?”
“It was no one’s fault. It wasn’t like Nagata and Barksdale were trying to shoot at me. They just didn’t see the barrel was getting too hot. Rounds started cooking off and the gun fired by itself. They didn’t know what to do. The range safety ran over and broke the belt so it had nothing more to fire. But they let it get a bit wild trying to control it. It popped off the tripod and sent rounds my way.”
“You were on the pistol range next to them?” Major Safton asked.
“They were on the edge of their range, and I was on the edge of mine. They thought they were doing well by keeping the fire away from everyone on their range. But the pistol range was being used. We were all down looking at our targets. I heard the runaway gun. At first I thought nothing of it. Sometimes out on the range you get bullet shrapnel landing around you, from ricochets or what not. By the time I realized it, I was hit.”
The room was silent.
Across the room, Turner opened her mouth to speak. Captain Broderick pounced. 
“Write it down, Turner! You can discuss it with your team when we return! Please do not interject!”
An uncomfortable silence was short lived. “Were you wearing armor? You look okay to me,” Oxley said.
“Roger, Sergeant. I was in full gear,” Overterrace said. He glanced back and forth between the two officers. “I was unlucky, then lucky again.”
“Of course that’s not true.” Major Safton said, turning a page of her files. “I interviewed the medic who got to you first. You took one to the plate and one to the helmet, but he found two other holes on your uniform. No injury. No bruising under the plate. No concussion. No injury. And your command Serious Incident Report also omits the other strikes.”
“Maybe it was mistake, or…”
“And then we have your text message logs,” Major Safton said, cutting him off. “You were chatting with your mother on an Army computer. There is a consent to monitor you agreed to on there.”
Overterrace sat wide-eyed.
“You tell her you were hit two other times, making those holes your medic found. You say you heard it and tensed up before they hit. ‘Just like before when that guy tried to stab me.’ What is that about?”
“I got into a fight back at home,” Overterrace admitted. “A guy form high school I had a history with. I was on leave for the winter holidays. He joined the Navy. We got into it and he tried to stab me. But I tensed up before he stabbed and nothing happened. No one noticed. He just though he missed. We got pulled apart and the fight broke up, but I knew. He stabbed me and I tensed up and the knife didn’t cut me.”
“What else?” Captain Broderick asked.
“When I was a kid, we had three large boulders near where I lived. My cousins and I put ropes on them and would play on them. I was ten or so and I fell off the top of one. Back to the ground, looking up at the sky. It was a decent drop and I just remember taking in a sharp breath and I landed light as a feather on the ground. I don’t know why that happened either, but it was the same kind of reaction I felt as when I tensed up, but just the opposite…”
“We have a program that we are going to have you be a part of. Each person in the unit has something unique about them. Sargent Oxley is strong. Captain Broderick can tell if someone is lying. We think you would fit in nicely. You will have a year obligation, then if you like, you can go to the unit of your choosing. Sound good, Specialist?”
“Alright, Ma’am.”
“Excellent,” Safton said. “No need to go through your normal post out-processing. Gather your things and meet back here, in front of the building at fourteen hundred.”
Overterrace nodded and said, “Yes, Ma’am,” quietly.
“That’s all, you can be dismissed.”
Salutes were exchanged and the specialist left the room. 
“Why don’t you take off as well, Turner,” the Major said to the private at the far end of the table. She closed up her notebook and got up to go. “Same for you. Let’s meet back here at fourteen hundred and we will head back to Camp Nine.”
With the room empty of lower enlisted, Safton flopped her head over to Oxley.
“Make sense? See what we are doing? I’ve got a psychic, a telekinetic who is a handful, and now Overterrace. I could use you to help with these three. They are young, and you seem to be as well. You know how to be a big brother to soldiers. I’ve seen it firsthand.”
“I have no experience with psychics or telekinesis…”
“They each have a social worker case manager assigned to them. It seems to help their disposition and adjustment to being unique in various ways. But we are soldiers, and they need a leader bring them together and sharpen them as warriors. I am swamped with reporting to my superiors and advocating for more funds. I want to bring in more people, even from outside the service. If we can demonstrate effectiveness, we can expand.”
“And what do you do? How did you get to be in charge?”
“I have a degree in Biochemistry. I wrote some papers on the psychic phenomena. They were probably way off, but they were written. I was tested by an Army program, which was interested in far-viewing abilities. I scored above the mean, but not amazingly so. That program went nowhere, but combined with my papers from college, I was identified as having some specialty in the matter. They had to do something with Turner and Theo, so they gave them to me.”
“Theo is the handful?”
“Yes. Had a fit in Initial Training. She has been making some progress with her social worker, but it’s time to get back to being a soldier,” Captain Broderick said.
“Well, you are right, I’m ready for a little change,” Oxley admitted. “And those blue berets look super cool…”
“Can we give you a promotion?” Captain Broderick asked. “I heard you have turned down Staff Sergeant. We could jump you up to Sergeant First Class if you like.”
“I’m good where I’m at, Sir. These stripes fit me just fine,” Oxley responded.
Major Safton nodded in approval.
“Back here at fourteen hundred, then?” Oxley asked rhetorically as he got up from his seat. 
“We’d appreciate it, David.”
Oxley tapped his knuckles against the table twice, and left the conference room.

Chapter 5 
Major Safton and Captain Broderick stood outside a side entrance of a tall, whitewashed cinder block building. Exterior black metal stairs angled over a red metal door. Gentle lapping sounds of the close by lake underpinned their conversation. The major paced while Captain Broderick stood with his back to the wall, arms crossed, a hand covering his mouth.
“I’m not saying he was not justified. The problem is that if we let anyone on our team get away with striking another, the norm will be set. What’s worse is he is in a leadership position…”
“In his statement he said it was not self-defense,” Broderick confirmed. “He said it was to ‘bring her back to herself.’”
“She has fits. We get that. The telekinesis is less than lethal. Especially for Oxley and Overterrace… This was something else.”
“We have the whole incident on video. I don’t think you need to worry about criticism from Colonel Peters. You are just trying to talk yourself into doing what you know needs to be done. If this was any other command, you would do the same with any sergeant who struck a private.”
“I’m just not sure about the rank… You know how long he has had that? Never wanted a promotion…”
Captain Broderick uncrossed his arms and walked to the railing at the edge of the lake. “It’s written in the punishment article. ‘Administrative demotion by one grade.’ If you are going to punish him, that’s the punishment. We can get it back to him in six month’s time.”
Major Safton followed. A slight breeze off the lake made her take a deep breath of the late afternoon air. 
“It shoots the next recruiting trip in the foot too. I guess we can take Overterrace instead of Oxley. It’s just going to be a rough recovery.”
“Should I call a squad of MP’s when we reduce him?”
“I don’t think so. Oxley is a good soldier. He will understand.”
The two officers went inside the shore-side building. They walked down the central corridor and turned lakeside. Out a door in the middle of first floor, the pair crossed a metal deck that spanned a stretch between the building sitting on the edge of the lake and another two-storied building sitting in the water. This building was new compared to the old white block building, of which there were many identical on military bases across North Colombia. Captain Broderick held the door to the wooden building covered in cedar-shingle siding. Large windows let in natural light and gave a panoramic view of the mountain lake.
On the second floor, in a conference area, sat Sergeant Oxley. He held a neutral expression on his face as the two officers entered the alcove. Both remained standing. Major Safton was unsure of how to begin.
The rest of the building was quiet, and Captain Broderick broke the initial tension.
“Where is the rest of your team? In their rooms?”
“I don’t know. Everyone has kept to themselves since last night.”
Captain Broderick nodded. Major Safton took the cue and placed the form on the table for Sergeant Oxley to read. He pulled the paper with two fingers into his view and read as she spoke.
“Due to the events of last evening and the results of our investigation, I am left with no recourse but to administratively discipline you with without the need for a court-martial. In accordance with article nineteen of…”
“’Reduction of rank!?’”
The wild voice of the young sergeant was plenty enough to derail the officer.  
But Captain Broderick was less phased. “On your feet, Specialist. Please take that rank off your chest.”
He held out his hand, palm up, demanding the sergeant stripes from Oxley.
Two seconds passed in a silent standoff
“No,” Oxley said flatly. On his feet and backing to the window, his voice became panicked.
“No. No no no no no!”
His hand covered the rank he had worn for more years than either the other two had served. “You are not getting this. You are not. I refuse.”
Panic rose in his voice and filled his eyes. 
“You will have to take it off my dead body,” he choked out the last words.
“David, please…” Major Safton scolded, as her partner closed on the soldier.
Oxley, back to the picture window, alpine lake in the background, refused once more.
“No,” he said, this time in anger, and threw an elbow backward. The window turned white and crumpled into popcorn kernels of glass around the impact. Oxley stepped up and through the damaged window as if it was not even there. It gave way, raining bits of glass into the water below.
Out he jumped, away from those who would take his rank. He fluttered out and down, landing gracefully on an enormous granite boulder that sat just above the waterline. Oxley turned and looked up at the officers hanging out the broken window on the second floor. Despite shouts and commotion, Oxley nimbly leapt from rock to rock, further out in the lake, until the smattering of boulders which protected the barracks of the Psychic and Enhanced Warfare Unit ran out. 
Without looking back, he dove into the icy waters, leaving only a ring of bubbles where he entered the water.
Captain Broderick ran inside and grabbed a phone to alert the base authorities. Three young soldiers stood in an unbroken window on the second floor, looking out at nothing. Major Safton leaned her upper body out the broken window, unknowingly cutting her hands on broken glass, eyes on the spot Oxley disappeared. She stood there as commotion went on around her; eyes glued to the spot. But the Ox was gone. 
Treasure Island

“I ain’t gunna lie, I was involved in some mischief. My momma would beat me if she knew half the dirt I been in. But I ain’t no dummy. I have done no murders. I don’t mess with no drugs, myself. I was just in the game to get paid.”
“You were nineteen at the time of the crime. Sentenced to three years for home invasion and another one year for fleeing from the police. You have completed half that sentence. What else do you have to say to the parole board to convince us to release you on probation, Mr. Meeks?” the president of the board asked.
“I understand the seriousness of what I done. I was young and caught up in it. My father been sick as I grown up, and no brothers. So I never had any good figures to model myself after. In my time locked up in here, I realized I’m better than that life. I ain’t no dummy. There are better things I could be doing with my time. I met some good role models and learned some good lessons. I think this stretch has straightened me out. I ain’t about to fall back into all that.”
“Tell us about that, Tavaris,” a woman on the end said. “What kind of role models have you met here in the Jacksonville Correctional Facility?”
“Well, my number one has been Doc.”
“And who is that?” She asked, nodding, urging him to continue.
“Doc? His full name is Davis Long. He was a medic in the Army. A Sergeant or something. He had been a real good influence on me.”
“Mr. Long sat before us on this panel about six months ago,” the woman said. “He seemed like an interesting character. He declined stating a racial preference, when he is most certainly white. He was housed accordingly; some would say, to show him how the system works.”
“Yeah, he was with us. And it wasn’t like that with him. He could care less what someone looked like or sounded like. It was his army training. He used to talk to me a lot about that. He was really different from a lot of dudes.” 
“Mr. Meeks,” A male board member began, “You stated in your trial that you were not guilty of the home invasion due to the fact that the man who lived there, Benjamin Clapston, owed you money. How do you feel about that now?”
“If it wasn’t for my time in here to think about that whole situation, again and again, I prolly would say the same thing I said at my trial- that it waddn’t my fault. He let me and my boy Mal…”
“That’s Maltoni Kendrickson?”
“Yes, Ma’am. Benny Clap let me and Mal into his apartment. The whole thing was a misunderstanding by his girlfriend and just kind of escalated.”
“But that’s not what you think now?” the questions originator asked.
“That’s right,” Tavaris said, confusing everyone on the board. “But after talking with Doc – Davis, I came to see how it was me who put me in that apartment in the first place. I was involved in the wrong stuff and this was just the fruits of that actions. So while, at the trial, I thought I was not in wrong, and this was all a conspiracy against me, I see now that I am completely in charge of where I am. I got in too deep and now I gotta sit here in front of you all.”
The each member of the board nodded as they wrote on forms in Tavaris Meeks’ file. The president of the board looked to each member before he moved on with his interview.
“Let’s turn to the future, Mr. Meeks. Should this body grant you early release, what are your plans going forward…”

Doc was the only one waiting for Tavaris on the cloudy spring day, one week after his parole board, as he walked out of the state prison. Two others were also released that day, but both had opted to take a bus into the city, rather than be picked up. Doc stood on the edge of the parking lot, white head still shaved bald, wearing a jean jacket over a lumber jack shirt, blue work pants and boots. Tavaris had on his red hooded sweatshirt and other street clothes from the day he was arrested. The two walked back to Docs car, ready to be away from the place.
“You didn’t tell anyone else you were getting released? No momma?”
“Naw,” Tavaris said. “I’ll surprise her by showing up. She’d be out here with a banner and flowers and all that. Make me come straight home. She knows I’m getting back soon. We gotta see what’s going on with this phone, first, before I see if I’m going to be a good citizen and all.”
The pair got in the borrowed car and left the lot. “This place looks so different on this side of things. I spent five years in there and had no clue what it looked like one hundred meters from where I slept.” 
“That’s what y’all use in the military? Meters? Like Europe or something? Why don’t you use yards, like in football?”
“It’s just the way it is, man,” Doc said.
“My hoodie stinks!” Tavars said, frustrated at the conditions of his recently returned clothes.
“Yeah, they just sit wrapped up in a paper bag for years. I bet there is a water leak or something in the storage room. My bag had a big stain on the side. I ended up getting rid of all of them.”
The car wound down the short road in the countryside, until they got to Interstate Seventy-two. Once on the main road, with the monotony of a long drive ahead of them, they got down to business.
“So, the phone…” Doc said.
“So, like I said, I didn’t even know that the phone mattered until that county guard pulled me aside and threatened me.”
“Let’s just go over it again, what exactly did he say.”
“I already told you all this!” Tavaris lightly protested. “You sound like a cop asking the same thing again and again.”
“No. Come on. I just want to hear it again. If there are other people after this phone, I want to know what we are up against.”
“We ain’t up against no one,” Tavaris assured him. “When this guard tell me that some people are looking for this phone I took from Benny Clap, I straight up told him I threw it away in the trash when I was being chased. So as far as whomever Benny Clap was involved with, they think the phone is gone.”
“But don’t you see? Benny was in hiding or something. He didn’t want any trouble from you and your friend, that’s why he didn’t make a big deal when you went in, taking all his stuff, to collect on the gift card scam. The girlfriend threw a wrench in the works when she called the cops and turned it into a big thing.”
“I remember your crazy theories,” Tavaris said. “I just don’t know what a dude like Benny Clap would have been into to get him kilt, and a guard bribed to find out where his phone was.”
“That’s why we gotta get the phone from your cousin. We gotta see what’s on there. He is still hanging onto it?”
“Yeah, he thinks it’s my phone. After the guard grabbed me, I called him right up and had him go nab it from where I stashed it. My cousin wouldn’t let me down.”
Tavaris brought a pinch of his hoodie up to his nose, and tossed it away. He clicked his tongue and swore. “Man, let’s stop in Springfield. I need a new sweatshirt. I got my release money. I gotta get some new clothes!”
“No problem. I will grab a coffee,” Doc agreed. “What about a phone charger? What kind of phone is it? It’s sure to be dead after two years.”
“Man, I don’t know!” Tavaris said, laughing. “I did not inspect this phone I just took while I was running from the cops!”
“Alright, Alright. Just trying to think ahead.”
“My cousin live in Blue Island,” Tavaris told Doc once they had finished their stop and made it back on the road.
Doc pulled out a phone and pulled up his map. “You got an address?”
“Naw, man. I know the way there though. It’s just off fifty-seven. Get me there and I know the way.”
“An I thought you said you knew your way around Chicago from the ambulance! You said you knew where everything was,” Tavaris added.
“Yeah, in the city and the north side. I’ve never even heard of a place called Blue Island. What is that like East Chicago?”
“Kinda, yeah,” Tavaris said. “So what they got you doing for work? I guess you can’t go back to the ambulance.”
“Yeah, everyplace I go they know me as the guy who cut the baby out of her mother in the field. Even if I could escape the notoriety, I have a lifetime ban from working with any medical license. Exceeding your scope of practice, even if it saves someone’s life, is a big no-no. So, while most those guys respect what I did, they can’t hire me. I got the hook up at a medical gas supplier. Its super lame, but it’s a job. For now. Your cousin still has the phone, right?”
“Dang, man! You’re more obsessed than me!”
“Look, I sat in jail for three years before you came along and got me all excited about this story. I just know there is something more to it. Something crazy has to be on that phone.”
“Yeah, well we’ll see. My cousin is a good kid. He went up there and got my phone for me. I called him last week. He said he has it. He knew I was getting out and that that would be my first stop.”

Three hours later, they pulled up to a house in Blue Island, Illinois. Without asking, Doc stayed in the car while Tavaris went up to the door to retrieve the cell phone. Watching from the driver’s seat, with the windows down, he could see everything, but not hear clear enough to know exactly what was said. 
Tavaris’s cousin was older than he was, by at least five years. He was also taller than Tavaris and his skin was darker. Where Tavaris had been keeping his hair short, the cousin had an old school flat top, like some kind of throwback hairstyle. If he had not known any better, Doc would have never guessed a relation, but to be fair, he and his cousins also looked nothing alike.
The conversation was short. The cousin stood in the doorway and invited Tavaris in. Declining, he asked for the cell phone and referenced the ride that was waiting on him. The cousin nodded in understanding and disappeared inside for a moment to retrieve the phone. The sight of the phone being handed over was not so much a relief to Doc, as the elation of fitting the next piece of a puzzle. After a short exchange and a friendly hug, Tavaris returned to the car with the phone.
“He charged it for me!” Tavaris said, getting into the passenger side. “I guess he had the right cable from an old phone.”
“Alright! Alright, crack it open and let’s see what’s on there,” Doc said, leaning across the seat to get a look at the phone while Tavaris worked.
Tavaris turned the phone on and it powered up. Everything was looking good until the password prompt came up. Both winced.
“Wait! Wait, tilt it. See if there is any wear or smudges on the screen over numbers,” Doc said.
“Let’s just try the obvious, like all zeros,” Tavaris said, punching in the digits.  The screen spun and cleared the entry.
“Wait, look at the screen,” Doc urged. “Too many wrong passwords and it will lock us out.”
“One-two-three-four,” Tavaris said punching on the screen again.
“Come on, man!” Doc said. He snatched the phone away. Tavaris made a weak attempt to get it back, but the older man hung onto it.
Doc lifted the phone up to eye height and tilted it at an angle so as the sun glinted on the surface just right. There were fingerprints all over the screen, but no discernable wear pattern or anything to indicate what the password was that would unlock the device.
“I don’t know man. Fingerprint powder maybe? Keep your fingers off it, though. One more try and we will probably lock ourselves out.”
“Benny Clap is dead. His password may have died with him,” Tavaris said solemnly.
“What about the girlfriend!? The one who called the cops on you? She may know!”
Tavaris clicked his tongue. “Man, I don’t want to talk to her! An how we supposed to find her? I don’t even remember her name. Clap got murdered, and I’m telling you she is gunna make herself hard to find.”
“I may know a way,” Doc thought out loud. “I have a friend who is a banker. She can pull crazy credit reports and stuff on people. Even ones who don’t bank with her. I can get the name from the police report and maybe find an address. I bet I can convince her to give me the password…”
“Man, this is a lot,” Tavaris said. “I thought we’d just check out this phone real quick the day I get out, and satisfy your curiosity, and call it done. I gotta get to the house. The day is creepin’ on. I gotta go check in with my PO first thing tomorrow.”
“Yeah, okay. Let me drive you to your moms. I’ll do some looking into the girlfriend and we can try again some other day.”
“Bet,” Tavaris agreed.

Doc started the car and took off north, in the direction of Tavaris’s mothers’ house, on the south side of Chicago. 
The car passed Back of the Yard High School, where Tavaris had attended just years before. He smirked at the memories of the place as they slipped past and turned down into the neighborhoods south of the school. It felt like he had not been back in the area in years longer than he was actually away in prison. After leaving his mother’s house, six months before the arrest, he didn’t come back often. Now he felt further defeat at having only one place to return to while he finished off his parole.
Doc pulled up to the curb of the yellow, monopoly house in the middle of the block. Tavaris grabbed Docs hand and clapped him on the forearm, as he got ready to get out of the car. He paused, holding the door.
“Should I leave the phone with you?” he asked.
“Only if you want to. I won’t open it without you if I can get the password,” Doc said.
Tavaris hesitated, unsure if he should trust Doc with the phone he was so eager to unlock. The man had been a great mentor, to everyone on the tier while on the inside. The two had spent countless hours talking over the last couple years. He had gone halfway across the state to pick him up and been nothing but amazing in his graciousness. Tavaris thought he trusted the bald white man. More than any other he had met…
“I’ll hang onto it. You got my mothers’ number. Give me a shout and I’ll give you my digits when I get some.”
“You got it, dude,” Doc said, unfazed by the decision. He pulled away from the curb once the door was closed. The car let out a tiny trail of exhaust as it slipped down the road. Tavaris stood and watched his current only friend go. 
He took a deep breath and turned to his mothers’ house. He was not looking forward to what was coming. His mother knew he was getting out early. He even told her it was going to be this week. But he did not even know if she would be home at two p.m. on a Wednesday. He took another deep breath and started to go when they grabbed him.
Two hands gripped his shoulders. One went to his belt, but found none, still half picking him up by his waistband anyway. Tavaris flopped his head both ways as he tried to shrink to the ground and see what was accosting him.
Two large white men dressed in untucked button-down work shirts and work pants wheeled him around. They started walking him away from his sidewalk and across the street. Tavaris kicked and struggled for a few steps before he got his whits about him. He planted his feet and executed a boxer’s shoulder roll, throwing a couple body shots on one man with a beard.
Surprised, the man released his hold and the party paused in the middle of the street. Ignoring the boxing training he had learned in prison, Tavaris shoved the man he had just punched, and spun on the other.
This man took a couple steps back and shook his head at the young man he was trying to take, as if in warning that things would get worse. He began reached under his shirt in the small of his back. Tavaris twitchily bounced back and forth between the enemies on either side of him. 
“Give us the phone,” the bearded man demanded of Tavaris. “We heard the calls from the jail. We know you have it.”
Tavaris opened his mouth to deny the claim when a car came out of nowhere and ran over one of the men. A gun clattered out of his hand as the car flipped him over the hood and off to the side.
Doc jumped out of the driver side door and stomped up to the bearded man. He pointed a knife at him, held close, ready to strike should the bearded man get too close. He grabbed Tavaris by the loose sweatshirt and pulled him back towards the waiting car. By reflex, Tavaris reached down and scooped up the gun as the pair retreated.
Doc threw the car in reverse and ran down the street backwards to the end of the block, where he jogged right. Both eyes were on the threat to their front as they went, holding their breaths until they were away. The bearded assailant did not follow; rather he went to his fallen partner, ignoring the fleeing car.

Ariella Kelly was not at all what Tavaris expected when he and Doc sat down at the table she had already occupied. It was probably the way Doc had described her on the way over to the golf club. He had met her on a dating app and found out he was solidly out of her league. She had never expressed any further interest besides being casual acquaintances. He had said she was beautiful, rugged, larger than life, and sure of herself in a way he had never seen in a woman.
“Most chicks put off that they are put together, but deep down they are insecure. But not this woman. She is an untouchable goddess,” Doc gushed.
Tavaris had just laughed at Doc being sweet on this lady they were going to meet. It was a nice break from the seriousness they had been waterlogged by in the six hours since Doc had run over one of the attempted kidnappers. Tavaris had to keep reminding himself that the world was actually like that, not a safe place fundamentally, and that the illusion of safety was just that. The man got what he deserved.
Again, sitting down at the table, he was surprised that Ariella was just like what Doc described. All through his youth, he had had friends describe how bad their chicks were, to prop themselves up. But always when he met them, the exaggeration was apparent. He expected this and immediately found his self-lowered expectations subverted.
The woman eating in the golf club dining room was not over the top stunning. She looked as if she wore little to no make-up. She was dressed conservatively, fit for a high end golf club, even though this was mid-range expensive at best. Her hair was dirty blond, straight and mid-length. She wore black, thick-rimmed glasses. She did not jump out in the room as a stunning beauty, but when you got close, it was apparent she was the undercover most gorgeous woman in the room.
“Boys! Please sit!” she said, sanding for her guests.
“Tavaris, this is Ariella,” Doc said after he gave her a friendly hug.
“Please, my friends call me Ella.” 
She shook Tavaris hand for a second; maybe two, but it left a huge impression. The handshake was not manly. It was not with aggressively wide palm, slightly over powered grip, or meant as a show of character. It was not delicate, passive, or an expected formality like some. The handshake was completely genuine. Nothing added; nothing fake.
Tavaris’s brain reeled at the briefest of interaction. All at once, he know everything that Doc had said was true. And now he was slightly in love as well.
A waiter swept up as soon as the two made the table three. 
“Please, Order!” Ella said. “It’s on me! You should try the pigeon pie. It sounds crazy, but it’s the best thing on the menu.”
Tavaris’s eyes went wide, unsure if he was being put on.
“Sure, two of those,” Doc ordered. “Drinks all around?”
“Yeah,” Tavaris said, smacking his hands together and rubbing.
“None, for me, thanks,” Ella said, slightly killing the mood.
“Two rum and cokes then,” Doc ordered with a nod.
Once the waiter had departed Ella took off her glasses and looked at the unlikely pair at her table.
“So, boys! What’s the scheme? What brings you to me of all people?”
Tavaris began the tale, and Doc jumped in where details required clarification. The story telling styles varied greatly; Doc being particularly linear and matter-of-fact, while Tavaris was more focused on the broad strokes and speculation. By the time it took the waiter to fetch the drinks, they had told the story to Ella Kelly.
“Well, it’s against my banks rules to use our software for private detective duties. But you would be surprised what kind of credit information is available and public record. Finding your woman may take more than one step. And depending on how common of a name she has will also be a factor.”
“She was Colombian!” Tavaris said.
“And we are in luck because she is ‘Martha Esquivel-Lima.’ I want back to the police report. How many of them can there be in Chicago?
“If she still here… After Benny Clap got clapped,” Tavaris commented.
“I’ll look into it,” Ella said, typing the name in her phone. “But what do you even know about Benny? How long had you known him?”
“My boy Mal met him a month or so before all that took place. They was running gift card scams together. I got into it some too and that’s all I really knew about him. His girlfriend yelled at him in Spanish and he talked Spanish back to her, but he was white. I think he was on drugs or something cuz his place had some nice stuff, but like no furniture or decorations or nothing.”
“Like he had just moved in?” Ella asked.
Tavaris shrugged.
“You know what this is all adding up to me? People after his phone…Well off enough to hire competent muscle… Possibly even kill him… Wait two years for you to get out of prison…” She threw up fingers at each point of fact, then flapped her pinky at a conclusion. 
“He was running from someone. Maybe from Colombia. He has some valuable information on that phone. You could stand to make quite a profit from the phone.”
“That’s what I’ve been saying!” Doc agreed.
“After running over a guy and guns involved,” Ella went on, “the smart thing to do would be to sell that phone back to whoever wants it.”
Tavaris, sensing Ella had more, pushed for it.
“What would you do? The non-smart option.”
“The clever option, you mean. I always do the clever thing, never the smart thing. It often gets me into trouble, but I can handle a bit of trouble.”
She looked right at Tavaris as she spoke. He was fully hooked by her slow nod. Even if Doc was not one hundred percent sure Ella would be able to help them out, he totally understood why she was his first thought.
“I’d get that phone unlocked and see what the big deal is about before I sold it back. Maybe it’s more valuable information than you think. Maybe it’s worth hanging on to. Maybe it’s worth getting a little something for.”
“After hitting a guy, it better be worth it. Right out in front of his mom’s house. Who knows if someone saw that and called the cops? They could be looking for us,” Doc said. “I’m on parole. This kid hasn’t even reported to his parole officer yet. These guys could be waiting for him there, next.”
The pigeon pies arrived. Tavaris and Doc dug in, as they hadn’t eaten since the stop in Springfield that morning.
“What time do you have to report tomorrow?” Ella asked Tavaris.
“Eleven,” he said through a half-full mouth.
“Then I will have an address first thing. We give the girlfriend a shot and if not, I’ll take the phone. Tavaris goes to his meeting with his parole officer and if the hired men show up, you tell them you will sell it to them.”
“So you are in on this now?” Doc asked, amused.
“You two are in over your heads. You came to me for a reason. I’ll handle my part and I get a cut. Expenses included.”
“Expenses?” Tavaris asked.
“If there are any,” Ella responded innocently.
“What do you need with a cut?” Tavaris asked. “You don’t look like you need a cut of anything. You look like you got it on lock all by yourself.”
“A cut keeps you two honest,” she said. “And as Davie, here, is probably aware, I’m always up for a good adventure. I may be a high class lady, but I like to get down in the gutter and tromp around from time to time.”
“Fair,” Tavaris said, nearly breaking into laughter.
“What kind of phone is it anyway?” Ella asked
“An OSP three,” Doc said. “I’m going to have to find a charger for it. We got it back from Tavaris’s cousin charged, but the battery is old and already at seventy-five percent.”
“That’s a good plan,” Ella said, getting to her feet. “You boys finish. Have another drink if you like. I’ll look into this business and text you back as soon as I have an address.”
“Oh. Okay…” Doc said, surprised at her decision to leave.
She but a hand on Tavaris’s shoulder as she said goodbye and how great it was to meet him. Before Doc could stand or make things more complicated, Ella left the dining room. Doc was left speechless.
“That was so cool. She is really excited to help us, right?” Tavaris asked his friend as he finished eating.
Doc had left his pie half eaten and just focused on his drink.
“Yeah,” he said distracted. “Oh yeah. It’s all great. She is not the type to talk or anything. I trust her totally.”
“You sure ain’t acting like it…”
“She just always does this to me,” Doc said. “Disappears. Acts just… perfect. Then she is gone and you don’t know if it went well, or you did something wrong…”
“Dang! She really has got her hooks in your brain!” Tavaris jabbed at Doc.
In truth, he knew just what he meant. She was magical and a solid wall at the same time. He knew he would have to watch Doc around her.
The waiter came around and a second drink was ordered. They stayed about a half an hour more before leaving.

The next morning Doc got a text that startled him awake. Tavaris, who was asleep in a bundle of blankets across the room, also woke up at the phones chirp. He rolled over to see Doc in his bed tapping a response.
“What is it?” he mumbled.
“She asked for my address,” he responded sleepily. Another chime went off.
“We gotta get ready.”
Tavaris rubbed his face, still waking up. “Where are we meeting her? Did she find the girlfriend?”
“She just said be ready in fifteen,” Doc said, getting out of bed.
Tavaris took a deep breath and sat up out of his pile. His first night out of prison and he was once again waking up with Doc, not in his own bed at home. But for now, he couldn’t go back there. Not with people looking for him. He pulled the cell phone out from under his pillow. He turned it on, seeing the lock screen, shaking his head at the trouble his impulse to take and hide a phone had caused. Tavaris got up as well and started to get himself ready for whatever the day held.
True to her word, fifteen minutes later, Ella was at the door to Doc’s small apartment. He had spent the last five minutes with the windows open and bolting around to tidy up. For the most part, it had worked. She flowed into the one-room, loft-style apartment as if it was not her first time in the new place.
“May I see the phone?” she asked Tavaris.
He handed it over without hesitation. 
“Did you find Martha whoever?” Tavaris asked. “Or get an address? What’s the plan?”  
“This is the plan,” Ella said, holding up a tiny device. Doc and Tavaris moved closer to see what she had. It looked like a thumb drive, but with a micro-USB port that fit the charging plug on the OSP three. She dropped it in and pushed a tiny button on the end. A green diode LED light lit up as the button was pushed and held.
The phone screen came to life, the password prompt flickering before dissolving into a cascade of flowing pixels. Something was happening and the boys’ eyes were glued to the screen.
“I knew trying to track down a Colombian immigrant who was trying not to be found in a city of three million people was a long shot. Couple that with chance she even knew the password to her boyfriend’s phone from two years prior? Sorry guys, but I went a different route.”
“It’s just going to crack the password? I thought that was impossible,” Doc said.
“It’s possible,” Ella said as the image began to fade up into the home screen. “I made a call to someone I knew. With these older devices, lacking the same updates, ways to breach them are not out of reach. It was expensive, but…”
With a snap, the home screen displayed and the phone was unlocked.
“Alright!” Tavaris shouted.
“Go into the settings and remove the password,” Doc urged.
Ella did just that. She unplugged her device and slipped it back in a pocket.
“So what are we looking for?” Tavaris asked. 
The three moved to a small table, Ella sitting at one of the two chairs, Tavaris the other, and Doc standing hunched over on one arm. They sat the phone in front of them, and Ella navigated.
“Check the emails,” Doc suggested.
The phone had been off for two years, no service and no updates. Nothing came in and nothing went out from the device. It was like a self-contained secret, waiting to be discovered.
Ella swiped through the apps, finding the email accounts monitored from the phone. She checked the junk folders, ‘important’ folders, and the sent box. Nothing pointed to anything of interest. She went back to the home screen and looked through available apps again.
There was an alert flagging a messaging app. It was a second tier messaging system that allowed users to securely communicate via text over the Internet. Ella clicked to open it.
A group stood out on the top of the stacks of messages. It was titled, ‘La Isabella OPS.’
Inside was a string of text messages among a group that was so interesting, they scrolled several pages back to get the full account.
“Drug cartels!” Tavaris exclaimed when the pieces fell into place for them. “Like Escobar and all that down in Colombia.”
“Yeah,” Doc agreed, still reading the conversations. “But these guys still operate. Doesn’t sound as large of an operation, but this is serious.”
“Right there! That’s it!” Ella cried, pointing at a line of text. “They were shipping something north, into the US on a small plane.”
“Benny Clapston was a courier,” Doc concluded.
“Something had to have gone wrong, that’s why he hid out and got kilt!”
“He was barely making it by with gift card scams and whatever else. That’s not real money. So he didn’t steal from them or anything…” Doc said.
Ella finished the conversation and poked through a couple other threads. Satisfied they had found the most important part, she closed the app and moved on. Next, she opened the phones saved pictures. Right on top, first photo was a blast in the face.
The picture was framed poorly, and taken with some motion blur, but it was clearly a small white single engine plane, belly to the dirt in an unnatural position. Tavaris’s finger shot to the screen and pointed out the dead body of a Hispanic man lying against the skin of the craft. Blood ran down the front of his chest.
“I’ve seen gunshots,” Doc said, “and that’s a gunshot to the chest.”
Ella swiped to the next picture.
The next picture was much less gruesome. It was a selfie of Benny wearing mic’d earmuffs, grinning like loon, a pallet of cash wrapped in clear plastic and covered with a cargo strapping net. The man in the previous photo sat on the other side of the airplane, yet to be covered in blood, but half in the shot.
“They were bringing in drug money, but then crashed…” Ella said.
“Obviously Benny made it out of there and into hiding,” Doc said.
“Where’d they crash?” Tavaris asked. “Maybe he was the only one to survive.”
Ella swiped through a couple more photos, but then close the app. On a hunch, she opened the map app. A pop up alerted them that they were in offline mode.
“Let’s keep this thing off for now,” Ella suggested to the others. “Who knows if we connect to the Internet that we won’t have the door kicked down ten minutes later.”
“Agreed,” Tavaris said.
She hit OK on the pop-up and was about to exit out of the app when the downloaded offline versions of selected maps populated. Zooming out of Chicago, the rest of the US was a grey outline. Only Miami had color, indicating a saved map of the area. Zooming out further, a red pin drop became apparent in the Pacific.
Off the southern coast of Baja California, a red circle with a pushpin graphic sat in the open ocean. Ella zoomed in. It seemed like a slow fall from space, two fingers swiping slowly closer to the surface of the earth until the icon was small enough to not cover the whole island below. Color emerged indicating a downloaded map and the name of the drop of land in the middle of the sea came clear.
Isla San Benedicto.
Ella switched to satellite view. The true blue waves rippled around the grey island. From above, they could see the white outline of surf hitting high cliffs nearly all around. There looked to be one beach on the east side, just north of an obvious lava field. The pin was on the northern end of the island. A cone and crater of a volcano on the southern half of the island, giving away what this place was; nothing more than a barren rock in the middle of nowhere.
But while the island was just an uninteresting remote rock, to the three in the small apartment, it became more. Ella pushed back from the phone as the information sunk in. Tavaris put a palm to his head and blinked. Doc paced the room.
“We could sell the phone back to them,” he said, making long loops of his place. “There are people trying to collect up this downed plane, and I get that. We could get a finder’s fee. That pallet of money…”
“That’s millions,” Tavaris said. “They kilt Benny Clap to know where it is. What makes you think they won’t kill us? If they know we unlocked the phone and know about it…”
“What are we going to do?” Doc asked Tavaris. “You gotta go see your P.O. in a couple hours. I have a job. We can’t take off. We can’t get in trouble. This phone is a black spot on us. These guys want it. If we skip town or try to get away from them, we will have everyone after us.”
“Sounds like there is trouble if you try to sell the phone back or not,” Ella said. Doc and Tavaris paused their own debates to hear her out. 
“But only one option keeps you alive for sure and with enough money to start again somewhere where both drug runners and parole officers have no reach.”
Tavaris and Doc looked at each other. They both knew she was right.
“Plus a pallet of money…” Tavaris added.
“We should go,” Doc said. “Let’s get out to that island.”
Thanks for reading my book! 

If you got this far and liked what you read, I encourage you to leave a review on whatever site you downloaded it from. Any feedback is appreciated!

Talk to me on Twitter: @gabesluis

Wanna find more of my stuff? I have lots of other short stories:

Beyond the Gate (2013)
Five Days On Pimu (2014)
Movement (2015)
Everything Follows (2017)

And of course the novels:

Other Worlds Than These (2013)
Saving John (2013)
Arrow Of Time (2014) 
Behold the Interstice (2019)

Check 'em out!
