

To Megan and Emma.
May you be as proud of me as I am of you.



Acknowledgements
Special thanks to Jonathon Webber, Advanced Qualified Lifeguard at the Piha Surf Life Saving Club, for his help with the many aspects of surf rescue.  And a big thank you to all the lifeguards at Piha who devote a huge amount of time and energy to making Piha a safe place for everyone.

Remember, people, swim between the flags!


In Too Deep

D C Grant


Published by D C Grant at Smashwords

Copyright D C Grant 2007

http://www.dcgrant.co.nz

Thank your for downloading this free ebook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied, and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage our friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can discover other works by this author.  Thank you for your support.

All characters in this book are fictitious and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
Chapter One

“It’s over,” Josh’s dad announced as he walked into the kitchen and dropped his briefcase to the floor.
Josh looked up in surprise. He hadn’t heard his father come in; he’d been helping his mother with the dinner dishes and his mind had been on the NCEA Level 2 Maths exam he was due to sit the following day. Josh’s eight-year-old sister, Cyndi, was on the sofa in the family room and she had the volume on the TV up loud. The sound masked his father’s entry into the house. 
His mother dried her hands and leaned against the stove. Her face drained of colour.
“What’s over?” Josh asked his father. 
 “The business – my business - it’s all over.”
 “What do you mean?” 
“I’m bankrupt. The bank’s going to close the company down.”
“How can they? You own the company.” 
“I did once, Josh, but not anymore.” His father rubbed his bloodshot eyes and slumped against the kitchen counter. “The bank owns it now. Always have I guess.”
“So it didn’t work out at the meeting today?” Josh’s mother asked. 
Josh looked over at her, realising that she had some idea of what his father was talking about.
“No,” said his father, his face pale and drawn. “They wouldn’t listen, wouldn’t give me the extra time or money. They’re going to close me up. It’s all gone.”
There was silence in the room after this announcement, except for the sound of canned laughter on the TV and Cyndi giggling at something one of the actors said. It was incongruous with the tension in the room.
Now a lot of things made sense to Josh: his father coming in late at night, the strained look on his mother’s face, her return to work as a school teacher earlier in the year. He remembered the whispered conversations between his parents, the petty fights and slamming doors, and the nights his father had slept in the spare room. He’d thought his parents were splitting up.  But he’d been studying for his end-of-year NCEA Level 2 exams and that was stressful enough without trying to figure out what was going on with his parents. 
 Josh opened his mouth to speak but found that his throat had gone dry. He swallowed a few times then tried again. “What’s going on, Dad?”
His father looked at him and ran his fingers through his hair, as if to organise his thoughts and said, “I don’t know how much you will understand about all this, Josh, but what it mean is …I’m broke.”
“Broke? How can you be broke?”
“I’ve borrowed against everything we own to keep the company afloat but it hasn’t worked. The money isn’t coming in and I can’t meet the deadlines set by the bank.”
“What about the new development you’ve been working on? Won’t that make you money?”
“That’s what’s sent me broke. The financier backed out and I had to put up the money myself. Since then it’s all gone downhill fast.”
 “But you can sell the land.”
“Selling it won’t cover all the costs,” his father said, shaking his head. “I’m still in the red from the last development. This one should have put me right, but it hasn’t. I’ve run out of options. The bank won’t lend me any more money. They want their money from the house.”
Josh heard his mother begin to sob. He looked at her in alarm and saw tears running down her cheeks. Now he was scared.
“Which house?” he asked.
“This house, I’ve borrowed money against it. It’s going to have to be sold.”
“You can’t sell the house.”
“I have to. I don’t have a choice. The bank will force a mortgagee sale.”
“What’s that?” 
 “I can’t afford to pay the mortgage any more. The house the bank’s guarantee that they’ll get their money back – the money they’ve lent me.” 
 “But you built it for us. You said it was ours.”
“At the time it was, but now it’s not. The bank owns it and they want it sold.”
Josh fell silent. He just couldn’t understand how everything could become so bad so suddenly. One minute they had money and then it was gone. He looked over at his mother, hoping she would deny all that his father had just told him, but she had turned away and was staring through the kitchen window at the gathering darkness. Her shoulders shook as she cried. Josh felt his anger growing. How could his father do this to them?
“Well, then where are we going to live?” he asked. “They can’t just chuck us out onto the street. We have to live somewhere.”
“Unfortunately they can just chuck us out and there’s nothing we can do. I’m not sure where we’re going to live. We might have to rent somewhere or we might have to live at the bach for a while.”
Josh hadn’t even thought about the bach during the conversation. A sudden fear went through him and he found it hard to breathe as he struggled to speak.
“We won’t have to sell the bach, will we?” he asked, afraid of the answer.
“It’s in a family trust, but I’ve borrowed what my half was worth. Your Uncle Peter wouldn’t put up the value of his half. He said I could do it as long as his half remained secure.”
 “But what does it mean? Do we get to keep the bach?”
“I’m afraid not. It might take a bit longer but eventually the bank will take that too.”
Josh stared at his father in disbelief. “You can’t let this happen! We’ve had the bach since forever. It belonged to Grandpa. You can’t just sell it. What about Uncle Peter? Can’t he help out?”
“Uncle Peter lost interest in the bach when he moved to Brisbane. He would prefer it to be sold so that he gets his money.”
“How come he gets to keep his money?”
“The money will be split amongst the beneficiaries. What I get will go towards my debts. Uncle Peter doesn’t have those debts.”
Josh again looked over at his mother, but she remained at the kitchen sink, staring out the window. She hadn’t spoken a word for ages. 
“You let him do this, Mum?” he asked.
“It wasn’t easy, Josh,” she said, turning back into the room. “We’ve borrowed money the past and everything’s worked out, but I guess this time our timing was wrong.”
“Timing? We’re in the crap and all you can say is that it was timing?”
“What else can I say, Josh? What do you want me to say?” she asked.
“That this is all a mistake and you’re having me on and that everything is okay.”
His father stood up straight and faced him. “Josh, why do you refuse to understand? We’re bankrupt. We have nothing. It’s all going to change. There’s nothing you can do to stop it.”
“Yes I can, Dad!” Josh shouted into his father’s face. “I’m not like you. You’re a failure. This is all your fault.”
“Josh, don’t say that!” his mother said, stepping forward and tugging at his arm to drag him away from his father. 
In the background the TV audience laughed. The sound irked Josh.
“Shut up, Mum!” he cried, shaking his arm free and turning on her. “How can you put up with this loser?”
“Josh, don’t talk to your mother like that,” his father said as he grabbed his shoulder and pulled him around.
“Fuck off!” Josh shouted into his face.
The slap his father gave him almost knocked him off his feet. He staggered backwards, his hand on his cheek where it stung from the blow. He was shocked. His father had never hit him before, never. His mother gave a muffled shriek. Behind him Cyndi gasped. The TV audience laughed again. The sound incensed him. Josh realised that he was holding his breath. He released the air and let out a string of swearwords that he’d never dared use before at home.
His mother’s eyes widened in shock. His father stood with his hand in the air as though to hit him again and Josh decided he wasn’t going to wait for another blow. He ducked away, slipping past his mother and striding towards the front door. 
“Josh, come back here!” his father ordered.
“Go to hell!”
“Josh!” his father shouted again.
Ignoring him, Josh opened the front door and grabbed his skateboard, which was leaning against the wall. He slammed the door behind him, threw the board onto the driveway, jumped on and was out on the road by the time his father opened the door and yelled out his name. He didn’t stop. He rode down the street, putting as much distance between him and his father as possible.  
There was still some still daylight left. It was mid-November, and the air had a hint of summer. School would soon be finished and then he’d be down at the bach at Piha, surfing and not skating.
That’s if they still had the bach to go to.


Chapter Two

The wind moving over his body chilled him and took the burn off his anger. His heart was thudding in his chest but he wasn’t sure if it was because of the argument or from his flight on the skateboard. Part of him felt like crying. The rest of him felt like tearing apart everything in sight. 
He reached the reserve and glided along the path. In the distance he could hear the skaters at the skate park. He knew that his friends would be there but he didn’t want to face them tonight. He slowed down, stopped and snapped up the skateboard, catching the nose in his hand. He walked to a nearby bench and sat down with his skateboard beside him. He leant forward, elbows on his knees and waited for his breathing to return to normal. His cheeks became wet with tears. He cuffed them dry.
The setting sun had spread a light red on the clouds. It reminded him of the sunsets he watched from the beach at Piha, when the sun slowly sunk towards the horizon and gave a final flash before it disappeared completely. He loved that moment, the death of the old day and the promise of the birth of the next new day. The sun’s rays would shine up into the sky long after the sun had gone and the light made the evenings at Piha last that much longer. After the sunset there was the walk in the cool evening air back to the bach, then the welcome warmth of the house where he’d fall into bed and a sleep so deep he had no dreams remaining in the morning. 
They had owned the bach for as long as he could remember. His grandfather had built it, back in the days when Piha was accessible only by a metal road that became treacherous when it rained. His father had told Josh and Cyndi of travelling in the car with his brother, Peter, and the trailer full of building materials behind them. When the car slid on the road the brothers thought the trailer would smash into the rear of the car. It never did. Josh’s father had told him that helping his own father build the bach had encouraged him to become a builder himself. 
When Josh’s grandparents died, the bach had been left to both his father and Uncle Peter. Uncle Peter had moved to Brisbane some years ago and had only used the bach on the few occasions he was in the country, so the old bach was virtually theirs. 
But for how long? Josh’s anger surged. How could his father let this happen? 
He stood up, restless and needing to move on. He shivered. He didn’t have a jumper, just the long-sleeved shirt he’d put on after school. He needed something to do, somewhere to go. 
It was quiet and dark now and he could no longer hear the crack of the skateboards in the park. It wasn’t safe to go there after dark. There were guys who would push him off his board and steal it, but tonight he’d take a chance. His father had taken everything away, what did it matter if someone took his board? He threw his skateboard onto the ground, jumped on and took off down the path.


There was no one using the bowl when he arrived, but there were two boys on the edge, talking. They looked up as he approached and he recognised them. They were from his school. He didn’t know their names but he knew that they hung around with Bevan. He couldn’t see Bevan, but he hesitated in case he appeared. He didn’t want to mess with Bevan that night, or any night.
He and the two boys looked at each other from opposite sides of the bowl. No one else appeared. 
“What the hell,” Josh muttered to himself; thinking things couldn’t get much worse and dropped into the bowl. His skateboard wheels made the familiar whirring sound as he went through the transition and up the other side. He pulled a frontside ollie then pumped back down through the transition, slashed across the bowl and up to the lip where he did a rock 180. He forgot about the two boys watching him, forgot that his father had stuffed up his life and forgot that he had a Maths exam the next day. His thoughts were focused on his movements in the bowl and his control over the skateboard under his feet. The board moved like it was directly connected to his brain and nothing mattered except maintaining the momentum of his board over the concrete and his passage through the air. Each trick he executed was perfect. Perhaps it was the anger, but tonight he was hot.
It couldn’t last forever. On one of the kickturns he mistimed his landing and missed the board altogether. He landed heavily, but he rolled his body through it so that the impact was absorbed while his board slid away and came to a stop.
Josh got up carefully and tried out his legs. Nothing seemed to be broken. His right knee throbbed where he had taken the initial impact, but not enough to stop him walking. He picked up his board.
“Cool moves,” said one of the boys at the lip of the bowl.
 He’d forgotten they were there. Josh nodded his head in greeting.
“Got a name?” the other boy called out.
“Josh,” he answered as he made his way out of the bowl. 
One of the boys came over to him. Josh stood his ground, wary. The boy had something in his hand and Josh got ready to duck.
“Want one?” the boy said, holding out what Josh could now see was a can of beer.
“Yeah, sure,” he said as he took the can.
“I’m Scott. That’s Mitch. Don’t you go to our school?”
“Yeah.”
Scott nodded. “Thought I’d seen you around.”
Mitch dropped into the bowl. Josh popped the pull-tab on the can of beer and downed half of it.
“Where’s Bevan?” he asked. These guys seemed friendly but perhaps that would change if Bevan came.
“He’s gone to the beach. Back tonight,” Scott said. 
“Beach?”
“Piha. His folks bought a bach down there.”
Josh felt a wave of anger rush through him. “They bought a bach? Just like that?”
“Yeah, sure. Bevan said he wanted to surf down there and the folks thought it a good idea to pick one up.”
“Just pick one up?” Josh said. “Don’t you know how much a bach at Piha costs these days?”
“Doesn’t worry them,” Scott said with a shrug. “Heaps of money, man.”
“But Bevan can’t surf,” Josh blurted out.
Scott frowned. “You’ve seen him surf?’
“Last summer he was out at Piha,” Josh said. “I think he caught more rides in the rescue boat than he caught waves.”
Scott scowled and Josh felt his stomach muscles flip. What was he thinking? 
“I mean,” he said quickly, “I’m sure he’s gotten better this year.”
“Sure,” Scott said and smiled. 
Josh relaxed. He’d got away with it.
“Shit!” It was Mitch. He’d fallen off his board and was getting to his feet. He rubbed his hip as he made his way out. Scott grabbed his own board and dropped into the bowl. Mitch offered Josh another beer, which he took, and a cigarette, which he refused. 
The moon came out from behind a cloud and cast a bluish light over the pale concrete. The whirr of the skateboard wheels was the only sound and for the first time since leaving home Josh relaxed.

The house was dark when he got back. He hadn’t taken a key with him and he had no idea how he was going to get back in. He tried the front door and was surprised to find it unlocked. He stood just inside the door while his eyes adjusted to the total blackness. He could hear no movement inside the house –no one was waiting for his return and he wouldn’t have to explain where he’d been or why he’d stayed out till so late. Neither was there anyone around to smell the alcohol on his breath.  
He closed the door slowly and began to feel his way along the passage. He had just about reached the stairs, when a sudden sound from the family room stopped him. 
He waited, expecting someone to call out his name but no one did. He started forward again and reached the bottom of the stairs. Again he heard the muffled sound. He went past the stairs and stood in the entrance way of the family room.
There was someone in the armchair, sitting in the dark. The figure was hunched over and Josh stood still, trying to make sense of the scene. The beer had slowed his brain and he couldn’t think. The shape moved and Josh stepped back into the darkness of the passage. It was his father, and his father was crying.
He turned and made for the stairs. He was halfway up when he heard his father call out, “Josh, is that you?”
He didn’t answer. Climbing the last few steps, he headed for his bedroom. He leant his board against his bed and quickly jumped in, fully clothed. He turned his face to the wall and tried to slow his rapid breathing. A moment later, his father stopped at the bedroom door.
“Josh, are you there?” he said softly.
Josh didn’t answer. His father came into the room and stood beside his bed. Josh waited, slowing his breathing, trying to fake sleep. Time seemed to drag on forever. He was going to have to take a deep breath soon and then his father would be on to him. 
“Goodnight, Josh,” his father whispered, placing a hand on his forehead and brushing his fringe aside. It took all his self-control not to react to his father’s touch. He continued to hold his breath as his father left the room and closed the door behind him. 
Josh let out the pent-up air in his lungs and drew in another breath. It took him a while to get his breathing back to normal. He  realised he still had his shoes on so he reached down and slipped them off, dropping them one by one onto the bedroom floor. He sighed deeply and let sleep overtake him.
 

Chapter Three

He was drowning. There was water in his nose and mouth. He didn’t know which way was up or down. Where was the surface? He had to get to the surface. There! But the water was pushing him down. He was in a hole. He was drowning.

“Josh,” his mother’s voice called.
If he could reach her, he’d be safe.
“Josh, wake up!” She was shaking his shoulder.
“What?” He could breathe. He wasn’t underwater. He was in his bed.
 “You’re going to be late. You’ve got an exam today.”
“So?” The blanket was over his head. Maybe that was why he thought he was underwater. 
“I’m leaving now. I’ve got to get to school. I can’t stay here any longer. This is the third time I’ve tried to get you up.”
“Dad can take me.” 
“He’s left already.”
Josh wondered where his father could have gone if the business was finished but he wasn’t going to spend too much time worrying about it.
“You’ll have to find your own way to school,” his mother said and left the room.
He rolled over and groaned. He didn’t want to go to school, especially not to write a Maths exam. He’d just have to fail. 
A few minutes later he heard the automatic garage door wind itself up and his mother’s car start. The car pulled into the road, the door slowly rolled its way down and she was gone. 
He sighed as he realised that he’d have to get up. If he didn’t write the exam then he’d fail the subject and have to repeat it next year. There was no way he was going to let that happen. He’d have to be at school before 8.40 a.m. He glanced over at his bedside clock: 8.20. 
He swung his legs over the edge of the bed and pushed himself up. He wondered if he had time for a shower. No, he’d never make it. He dressed quickly into his school uniform, checked he had his phone and grabbed his backpack. 
He found his bike leaning against the wall in the garage. He’d not ridden it for months, but it appeared to be okay. Pressing button to open the garage door, he jumped on the bike and pedaled out onto the road.
The ride to school cleared his head. It was a downhill run and he let the bike carry him most of the way, arriving at the school gate just as the first bell rang. He swung in, laying the bike over and, without warning, someone stepped out in front of him. There was no way that Josh could avoid him. He slewed sideways and hit the boy with enough force to knock him to the ground. Josh wobbled as he struggled to control the bike and managed to bring it to a stop without falling off. He looked over his shoulder at the boy on the ground.
“Are you alri--” He stopped when he saw who he’d hit.
“You little shit,” Bevan said as he rolled over and glared at him. Scott and Mitch were just behind. Scott put out his hand to Bevan and helped him to his feet. “Come here!” Bevan started towards Josh.
Josh didn’t wait for him. He pushed the bike and strained at the pedals to get away.
“I’ll get you later, dickhead,” Bevan called out. 
Josh groaned. Could a bad day get any worse?
He reached the bike rack, inserted his front wheel between the metal stands and glanced behind him. Bevan had disappeared together with his two friends and he breathed a sigh of relief. He was safe, for now at least, but he couldn’t get rid of the feeling that Bevan had been waiting for him.
He’d forgotten his bike padlock in his rush to get to school on time. He’d have to take the chance that it would still be there when he got back. He ran to his classroom and made it just as the second bell rang. 

Three hours later Josh left the classroom in a daze – the Maths exam had been tougher than he expected and he was sure he’d failed it.  He didn’t know why he even bothered getting up that morning.  He walked to the bike rack but his bike was gone. He guessed that was inevitable. There was nothing he could do but walk home and hope that his parents wouldn’t notice that his bike was missing.  
He left school and began to walk up the hill. It was just past midday now and the day had turned hot. All he wanted to do was to get home, take a cool shower and get back into bed.
At the top of the hill, he turned off the main road into the side street that would take him to the cul-de-sac where he lived. He’d only gone a little way when a car pulled up beside him. Looking around with relief, he expected to see his mother who sometimes came home for lunch. Instead it was a black convertible. The top was down and Bevan was driving, with Scott in the front passenger seat and Mitch in the back.
“Hey, Josh, you looking for this?” Mitch called out as he lifted up a bicycle wheel. The tyre on it had been shredded.
“The rest is in the boot,” Bevan said. “Want it back?”
Josh didn’t answer. He just stood still. He glanced up the road but he was too far from his street to make a run for his house. Apprehensively, he watched as all three got out of the car. Bevan walked over to him.
“So you don’t think I can surf, eh?” Bevan asked.
Why had he opened his mouth? He looked at Mitch and Scott who were raising the boot lid. They must have told Bevan and now he was out to get him. He’d been right. It was no coincidence that Bevan had been at the school gates that morning. 
“I … I didn’t say that.”
“No?” 
As Bevan came forward, Josh retreated until he was up against a tall fence. Again he looked up the road. It was empty. No cars, no people. He was on his own. From the boot of the car the two boys took out the other bicycle wheel, its rubber also shredded, followed by the frame, the handlebars and finally the seat, which was ripped. The resulting pile looked like it was ready for inorganic rubbish collection. When they had finished they walked over to stand behind Bevan.
“No more lethal weapon, eh?” Bevan sneered. “You won’t be running anyone over now.” 
“It was an accident,” Josh explained.
“No shit,” Bevan said into his face. “So’s this.” And he punched Josh hard in the stomach.
The air rushed from Josh’s lungs with a whoop sound and he doubled over. Pain rushed through his stomach. He almost fell, but Mitch grabbed his arm. 
“Sorry, mate,” Scott whispered into his ear as he took hold of Josh’s other arm. Together, Scott and Mitch held him securely against the fence.
Bevan struck Josh on the jaw and his teeth snapped shut, making him bite down on his tongue. The next blow was to the side of his face, close to his left eye. A ring on Bevan’s finger cut into his skin. The last few blows were to his ribs and stomach, quick two-handed punches that pushed the rest of the air from his lungs. Josh’s legs gave way and the two boys on either side let him go so that he fell to the ground. 
“That’ll teach you,” Bevan said from somewhere above him as he savagely kicked him. 
Josh had curled up to protect his head and stomach but Bevan’s kick caught him in the ribs and he heard something crack. Someone was pulling at his backpack. 
“Not much in his wallet,” Scott said. “But I’ve got his phone.”
“Good,” Bevan said. “Now let’s get out of here.”
He heard them get back into the car and drive away, wheels spinning, covering him with clouds of acrid smoke.

 
Chapter Four

Wheezing like an asthmatic, Josh lay where he’d fallen, struggling to get air into his battered lungs. He couldn’t move, couldn’t breathe and there was a whistling sound in his ears. His mouth was filled with blood and it dribbled from his lips. The pain travelled in waves through his body so that he couldn’t decide which injury hurt the most. This was nothing like the movies where the hero would take a series of body blows and then recover in seconds to win the war. The reality was pain so bad that he could scarcely breathe, never mind get up and walk.
“Are you all right, son?” It was a male voice, close and sounding old. “I’ve called the police. They said they’d call an ambulance. Who were they? Why did they beat you up like that?”
Josh couldn’t answer. He was still battling to get breath into his lungs and without air he couldn’t talk.
“They should be here soon. They said there was a car in the area.”
Josh thought he could hear sirens, or was it the ringing in his ears? The sound grew louder.
“Ah, here it is now,” said the old man’s voice. “That was quick.” 
The wail of the siren halted abruptly as a car came to a stop. There was a moment of quiet before a car door opened and someone approached. Through the noise in his ears, Josh heard a male voice with authority say, “Good afternoon, sir, did you report the assault?”
“Yes, officer, there were three of them, hoons all of them. They just got out of the car and started to hit this young fellow here.”
“Did you see the car, sir?” the policeman asked. He was getting closer. 
“Yes, it was a black convertible.”
“Did you get the number plate?”
“No, I couldn’t see it from where I was standing.”
Josh felt a hand on his shoulder and he flinched. He seemed to be sore everywhere. 
“Hi, son, I’m Constable Tim Woodward. What’s your name?”
“Josh,” he panted. He raised his hand to wipe away the bloodied salvia from his lips and noticed that his hand was trembling.
“Josh who?”
“Josh … Talbot.”
 “Do you know the persons who assaulted you?”
“No.” He was able to breath now although not deeply as his ribs couldn’t expand without pain.
“Any description of the car?”
Josh was unable to reply so the old man gave a brief description of the car and the occupants. The policeman used his radio to pass on the details and ordered others in the area to be on the lookout. Josh knew it was useless as Bevan would be long gone.
“Do you live around here, Josh?” the policeman asked, returning to his side.
Shakily, Josh raised his hand to point down the road.
“I think he lives around the corner,” the old man said. “I’ve seen him on my walks.”
“Is that right, Josh?” the policeman asked.
“Yes,” he said as moved slowly to a sitting position. He grimaced at the pain. His eyesight was blurry, but he could make out the figure of the policeman crouched down beside him and the old man standing just behind him. He waited for the nausea to pass.
“There’s an ambulance on its way. Is there anyone you want me to call?”
“Mum.”
“Is she at home?”
“At work.”
“Do you have her number? I can get comms to give her a ring.”
Josh couldn’t remember the number. It was in his head somewhere, but it just wouldn’t come.
“She’s a teacher. Meadowfields Primary.” 
“I’ll get them to look it up.”
The policeman stood and spoke into his radio handset, but Josh couldn’t make out the words. He closed his eyes again and leant back against the fence. Time seemed to compact. He could hear voices but couldn’t make out what they were saying. The whooshing in his ears came and went, came back again. The policeman hovered nearby, a vague shape just out of his field of vision. 
Another vehicle pulled up. Its engine had a throatier sound. Josh opened his eyes. An ambulance was at the kerb. Two figures got out. One talked to the policeman briefly while the other went to the back of the van. 
“Hi, Josh,” said the ambulance man as he knelt beside him. “My name’s Stan. Can you tell me what happened?”
“Beat up.”
Josh felt the man’s hand on his head as he examined the cut on his cheek.
“That might need stitches and your eye’s gonna swell up.”
Josh grunted (he could have told him that!), then winced as the pain in his ribs stabbed through his chest. 
“Did you lose consciousness?”
“No.”
“Where does it hurt?” 
 “Here and here,” Josh said moving his hand over his chest and stomach.
Stan pulled up his school shirt and felt the ribs gently. 
“Could have a couple of broken ribs, but you’ll need an X-ray to make sure. We’ll get you to a hospital.”
“No.”
The other ambulance man was coming towards him with the stretcher from the back of the van.
“You’re pretty banged up, mate,” Stan said. 
“I’m okay.”
“No, you’re not.”
A car screeched to an abrupt stop behind the ambulance and his mother launched herself out of the driver’s seat, hurtling towards him.
“Josh, they said you’d been attacked!” she said breathlessly. “What happened? I thought you were at home.” She was on her knees beside him now, her hand on her chest, her face creased with worry.
“I went to school,” he told her.
 “Is he all right?” she anxiously asked Stan.
“He’s got some injuries I think should be looked at but nothing life threatening. We’re about to load him up and take him to the hospital to be checked out.”
“I’ll follow you there.”
Josh wanted to protest. Here were these adults making decisions for him and all he wanted to do was go home and lie down. He tried to say something, but his mother turned away to speak to the policeman and Stan was talking to his colleague who was standing next to him with the lowered stretcher bed. 
After cutting the straps to the backpack to remove it without causing him too much pain, they lifted him gently onto the stretcher and covered him with a blanket, which made him feel idiotic. Then they wheeled him to the back of the ambulance. His mother came round to watch him being loaded in, her face white. He wanted to tell her that he was all right, but being moved around had made him dizzy. He closed his eyes as the rear doors shut. 

They arrived back home in the late afternoon. Josh had a big white envelope containing his X-rays and his chest was strapped up tight because of the cracked rib they had found. They’d stitched the cut on his face and a dressing had been applied over it. They’d wanted to keep him in overnight, but he’d insisted on going home. His mother had prescription painkillers in her bag, although they’d given him an injection for the pain at the hospital, which made him feel spaced out. 
His father’s car was in the drive and he opened the front door as Josh and his mother approached. Josh stumbled on the doorstep and his father helped him in, supporting him as he walked into the lounge. Josh lowered himself carefully onto the couch and tilted his head back on the headrest. He was stiff and sore and his head swam. He didn’t know whether that was from the knock on the head or the drug they’d given him. His mother said something about needing a drink and left the room. His father sat down beside him on the couch.
“Who was the bastard?”
Josh didn’t say anything.
“The policeman called here. Said he’d be coming round later to get a full statement. Are you going to tell him who they were?”
“No.”
“Why not?”
“It’ll only make it worse.”
“Worse for who?”
“Me.”
“They’ll do it again?”
“They will if I tell the police.”
“The police can stop them.”
“Yeah, right.”
His father leant forward and rubbed his eyes. “What a prick of a day,” he said almost to himself.
“You should try mine,” Josh said, trying to smile. It hurt. “Where’d you go today? I thought you said it was all finished.”
“I had to tell everyone they didn’t have jobs anymore and that I couldn’t give them their wages as the bank has frozen all the company’s accounts. Then I had to meet with the liquidators. In the middle of the meeting your mother phoned to say you’d been beaten up. It couldn’t have been worse.”
“Not my fault,” Josh protested.
“I know, Josh.”
They sat in silence.
“What happens now?” Josh asked.
“With me or you?”
“With you – us – what happens to us?”
“We’ll be forced to sell the house. I’m not sure how long that’ll take. We’ll have to rely on your mother’s salary for a while so it’s going to be tight. Don’t count on any Christmas presents this year.”
“I don’t care about the presents, Dad. Just don’t sell the bach.”
“There’s not much I can do, Josh. It’s in the bank’s hands now.”
“It’s a bit of a mess.”
“Yes, it is. You as well as me.”
 

Chapter Five

Josh stood at his bedroom window looking out at the urban landscape before him. He absently rubbed his chest. It was almost six weeks since Bevan had beaten him up and the cracked rib, although healed, still ached from time to time. He looked down at the drive where his mother and sister waited in the car. The huge real estate sign on their verge proclaimed ‘Mortgagee Sale’ and announced to the world the failure his father had become. He hated that sign.
Behind him his room was devoid of personal possessions, and only his furniture remained. It was like he’d been wiped out of existence and this was just a boy’s room – any boy’s room. The rest of the house had been given the same treatment, all at the advice of the real estate agent. He said that houses sold better if prospective families could see themselves living there and this was best achieved if their own possessions were removed. Even though the house was going to auction, and they wouldn’t benefit from the money raised, his father had insisted they do as the real estate agent told them because they needed everything they could get. 
What hadn’t been repossessed or gone into storage was down at Piha and now they were joining their possessions there, taking up residence for the holidays as they’d done for many years. But this time it was different. When they came back in the New Year, it would probably be to pack it up for good. 
He remembered when his father had first brought him to the empty section when he was seven years old and had lifted him up so that he could see the view.
“This is what it’ll look like from your room, Josh,” his father had said.
He’d been right, although the view from the upstairs bedroom of the completed house had been much better than the one seen from his father’s shoulders. From his window he had watched the other houses being built around them, and the green paddocks had disappeared until all that was left were the ‘extensive urban views’ the sign advertised.
“Josh, come on, it’s time to go,” his father called from below.
Josh frowned at the sound of his father’s voice. He hated him for all that had happened since the day he had made his announcement about the business. Nothing had been the same.
“Josh, hurry up,” his father shouted.
Wiping away the wetness from his cheeks, Josh turned away from the window. He’d sworn that he wouldn’t cry and yet he couldn’t stop the tears. Picking his skateboard up from off the floor, he tucked it against his hip, left his room and walked slowly down the stairs. The house felt different, as if it was not their house at all, like they’d already left, which, he suspected, in their minds, they had. 
His father waited in the hallway. “Come on, Josh. Why are you dragging it out? I thought you’d be in a rush to get down to Piha.”
Josh walked past his father without saying anything. It was true, he usually couldn’t wait to get down to the bach, but it was difficult to be enthusiastic when their future was so uncertain. He walked out to his mother’s car, their only car since his father’s leased vehicle had been taken back, and sat in the back seat next to Cyndi. When they pulled out of the driveway Josh whispered, “Goodbye house,” under his breath.
He didn’t say it quietly enough for Cyndi called, “Josh is saying goodbye to the house. That’s silly. Houses don’t have ears.”
“Hush, Cyndi,” his mother said from the front passenger seat and Josh could tell from the strain in her voice that she was upset too. 
To block it out, Josh pushed the iPod’s earbuds into his ears and pressed ‘play’. He folded his arms across his chest as hard rock music filled his ears, and settled himself in his seat for the journey. 

Civilization dropped away behind them as they drove through the Waitakere Ranges, surrounded by regenerated forest through which Josh could glimpse the western horizon. A right-hand turn and Piha was before them. As they drove past the lookout at the top of Piha Road, he looked down at Lion Rock, standing proud and strong against the onslaught of the sea. The waves were breaking either side of it in broken white lines. It was a sight that always thrilled him. He had a sense that he was coming home, that this is where he belonged.
His father stepped hard on the brakes as he negotiated the turns in the road on the way down. As they neared the bottom of the hill, Josh could smell the hot metal of overheated brake pads. His father’s foot came off the brake as they drove over the bridge and past the store, before finally taking the sharp right at the Lion’s tail which took them on to Marine Parade. A moment later they pulled off the road into the front lawn of the bach and rolled to a stop.
Josh climbed out of the car, pulled the earbuds from his ears and stretched upwards, loosening muscles cramped by the ride. He could hear the waves crashing on the sand and could smell the salty brine on the air, something he always associated with Piha.
 He couldn’t see the beach from the bach because the sand dunes blocked the view. He had only taken a few steps when his father called, “Josh, come on, we need a hand to unload.”
Josh halted. He didn’t want to help. He just wanted to get down to the beach. He hadn’t surfed since the end of last summer and he was itching to get a feel for the water again.
“Josh,” his father repeated sternly.
Josh knew there wouldn’t be any use arguing with his father. The sea would have to wait.
He was about to turn away when a black convertible drove past. Immediately his heart rate quickened and his stomach muscles tightened. Memories of being beaten up overwhelmed him and he shuddered. Even though the bruises on his body had healed, Bevan’s attack had left open wounds on his mind. 
He shook his head, annoyed at himself. He couldn’t let Bevan get to him and besides, he didn’t even know if it was his car. With a sigh, Josh turned and walked back.
 By the time they’d unloaded the boot, sorted out the boxes that they had brought down to the beach previously and had tea, it was getting dark. He’d worked a half-day at the skateboard shop that morning and he was emotionally and physically exhausted. What’s more he had to work the next day, Christmas Eve, which would be a crazy one at the shop. He was beginning to regret taking on the casual job but he only had that one more day to go and the extra money had been handy.
If he was going to cope with work the next day he needed to get away for a while and unwind. Josh slipped out the back door, walked around the side of the house and crossed the road in front of the bach. The tarmac was warm beneath his bare feet, but the surface of the sand was cool as he climbed to the top of the sand bank. From there he could see the sweep of the beach from Lion Rock at his left to the cliffs of North Piha at his right. The sea was calm and the wind light in his face. The waves couldn’t have been more than a metre or two high, too small to surf. A salty smell lingered in the air and he breathed it in deeply. He walked to where the dunes sloped down to the beach and sat down between the strands of spinifex grass, burying his feet beneath the warm sand and hugging his knees to his chest. The sun was low on the horizon, its rays tingeing the clouds red and orange. He took in a deep breath.
A movement behind him startled him.
“Isn’t it beautiful?” his father said.
Josh didn’t say anything. He resented the intrusion.
His father sat down beside him and swatted at a sandfly on his ankle. He too dug his feet into the sand and said, “Look, I know that this past month hasn’t been easy for you, but–”
“Don’t, Dad,” Josh interrupted him.
“Don’t what?”
“Don’t spoil it now.”
“I only wanted to talk to you. You’ve been so … so distant ever since you got beaten up. Your mother and I have been worried about you.”
“You don’t need to worry about me.”
“But we do. Why won’t you tell us or the police who did it?”
“It won’t make any difference.”
“But you can’t let someone put you in hospital and then not do anything about it.”
“Just leave it, Dad, okay?”
“If that’s what you want.”
Josh didn’t know what he wanted. Right now he wanted things to be the way they were before his father had come home with the news of his bankruptcy. He knew it wasn’t going to happen. He wanted this holiday to be like all their other holidays, but that wasn’t going to happen either. Bevan could be in Piha somewhere and that was the last thing he was going to tell his dad.
“Are we going to be all right, Dad?” he asked. “I mean after the house is sold and everything?”
“I hope so.”
“What are you going to do?”
“I guess I’ll have to find a job.” He picked up a handful of sand and let it slip through his fingers. “I haven’t worked for a boss for years. It’s going to be hard for a while.” He brushed the sand from his hands and smiled. “Mind you, it’ll be nice not to have all the worry. I’ll get to spend more time with you.”
“Only if you can surf,” Josh said with a smile.
“Maybe now I’ll have the time to learn.”
“You’re too old.”
“Watch it, young man. I can still show you a thing or two.”
“Like how to lose money.” 
As soon as he said it, Josh wished he hadn’t. He watched the smile disappear from his father’s face. He struggled to say something more, something that would take away the words, but it was too late. 
His father was silent and after a few seconds he pulled his feet from the sand and walked away.
Josh wanted to run after his father and say sorry, but he felt like he was planted there with his feet in the sand. What could he possibly say to make it right?
“Stupid,” he said to himself. He laid his head on his knees. “My life is so messed up.”


Chapter Six

When his father picked him up outside the skateboard shop the next day, Josh climbed into the car wearily and slid down in the seat. The day had been long and hectic and his legs were aching badly from standing all day without a break. But it was over now. The money had been good and he’d been able to replace the mobile phone that Bevan had stolen, and pay off his new wetsuit but now he needed a break.
“So how was your day?” his father asked as he pulled away from the kerb into the traffic.
“Good,” he lied.
“I see you got your wetsuit.”
“Yeah, paid it off today.”
“I don’t know why you had to get such an expensive one.”
“Had to be the best.”
“You mean it had to have a label.”
“It’s my money and I can spend it how I like.”
“Okay, okay, let’s leave it.”
“Right,” Josh agreed, leaning his head back and closing his eyes.
The rest of the journey was completed in silence. He thought he must have dozed as it seemed only a short time before they were making their way down Piha Road. 
His mother had tea ready for them when they arrived. Cyndi was in hyper-drive about Christmas and wouldn’t stop talking. He couldn’t raise any enthusiasm for the following day as he knew he wasn’t getting any presents. His parents, however, had explained that Cyndi would get some as she was too young to understand. That was their excuse anyway. He wished she’d stop her chattering as it was giving him a headache. 
“Mrs Abbott from next door isn’t here this year,” his mother said, finally putting a stop to Cyndi’s noise.
“Where’s she gone?” his father asked.
“I think she’s gone to Australia to visit her family. She’s lent her bach to a friend. Her name is Penny Wade and she has a son called Hayden. Her husband died a few months ago, very sad, but Mrs Abbott has let them use the bach for free so they can have some time to themselves. Wasn’t that nice of her?”
Josh was barely paying attention. Now that he had eaten, he just wanted to get to bed.
“Penny says she’s hoping to find someone to teach Hayden how to surf,” his mother continued. “She thinks it would help him to cope, to take his mind off things. I thought Josh might like to help.”
“What?” Josh asked, now tuning into the conversation. “What are you talking about?”
“You could teach Hayden how to surf.”
“Who’s Hayden?”
“The boy next door. Haven’t you heard anything I’ve said?”
“No. Who said I was going to teach him how to surf?”
“I did,” his mother said, obviously surprised at his reaction.
“What did you do that for?”
“You need some friends down here, Josh,” his mother said, putting down her fork to focus her attention on him. “You spend too much time on your own out surfing. You need a friend.”
“Surfing isn’t a team sport, and I don’t need you to find my friends.”
“Watch what you say to your mother,” his father said, dropping his knife and fork onto his empty plate. “She’s only trying to help.”
“Yes, Josh, I thought you’d like the chance to help someone worse off than yourself.”
“Who said he was worse off than me?”
“His father is dead, Josh. Yours is still alive.”
“I’m better off without him.” 
“You can’t say that!” his mother exclaimed.
“I just did,” he said spitefully.
“Josh, go to your room,” his father ordered. “I think you need to go to bed. You’re tired.”
“Fine,” Josh said as he pushed his chair back.
He strode off in the direction of his room, but veered towards the back door instead. He ran around the side of the house, over the road and onto the sand dunes. He found a hollow in the dunes and lay down, his hands behind his head, looking up at the darkening sky. He could hear the sea, but he didn’t need to see it. Just knowing it was there was enough. He needed time to himself. 
After a few minutes his anger cooled and he regretted what he’d said. His parents were right. He was tired and his temper fuse was short. It was impossible to imagine life without his father even if he was mad with him all the time. He heard someone coming towards him and hoped it was his father so that he could apologise.
“Hi, there. All on your own?”
He looked up in surprise at the sound of the female voice. A girl about his own age stood beside him, looking down. He struggled to sit up, caught off guard.
“Er … yeah …” he stammered, feeling a fool.
“What you doing?” she asked as she sat down beside him.
“Looking at the stars.”
She looked up at the sky. “There aren’t any yet,” she pointed out.
“I … um … waiting for the first one.”
“Oh, I see. You live around here?”
“We have a bach, just over there,” he replied as he pointed behind him. “And you?”
The girl flicked her long blonde hair over her shoulder. “I’m staying with friends.”
He looked around, thinking he might know them, but he couldn’t see anyone else close by. She laughed.
“They’re not here,” she said and sat down beside him. “I took a walk by myself. Sometimes I have to get away. Have time on my own.”
“I know what you mean,” Josh agreed, and found himself telling her about the fight he’d just had with his parents. 
She laughed and lay on her back beside him, her hands behind her head as she looked upwards. Together they lay in silence as the sky above them darkened to a Prussian blue. He started a conversation a thousand times in his mind but each of his opening lines seemed dumb so in the end he remained silent. 
 “I’d better get back,” she said as she got to her feet and wiped the sand from her jeans.
“Do you … ah … want me to walk you back?” he asked, suddenly unsure again.
“No, I’ll be fine. I’ll see you around.”
“Sure,” he said as he stood up.
She walked off, heading towards the beach and turning as she reached the water’s edge to wave at him. He waved back and watched her as she moved along the sand, until he couldn’t distinguish between her figure and those of the others walking there. 
As he turned to go back to the bach he realised that he didn’t know her name.
 

Chapter Seven

The next day Josh reluctantly helped his mother with the things she’d prepared for Christmas lunch. He felt tired, drained, even though he’d just got up. He’d had a rough night. The bedclothes were a tangled mess, a testament to his tossing and turning, and he’d had that dream again – the one where he was drowning. It had left him feeling shaky.
“You haven’t had breakfast,” his mother said as he put his skateboard in the boot of the car.
“Not hungry,” he said and slumped down in the back seat.
His father locked the bach and got into the driver’s seat. As they drove up the hill, Josh looked back at the beach falling away behind him and wished that he was down there in the waves, not heading off to his nana’s house. They’d been at the bach for two days already and he hadn’t even put his toes in the water.
His nana enfolded him in a big hug when they arrived at her house, carrying with her the smell of stuffing and cinnamon. He could never understand why they had to eat a big cooked meal in the middle of a hot summer’s day. A barbecue at the beach would have been much better.
She handed him a Christmas present with a self-satisfied smile on her face. 
“I know you’ll like this,” she said.
“Thanks, Nana,” Josh said as he unwrapped it.
It was one of the latest surfing magazines from overseas.
“This is great,” he said. “Thanks.” He was lying. He’d read a copy of it in the skate shop. 
He took it to an armchair in the corner and turned the pages, looking at them without reading. It created a barrier between him and the rest of the family. He wanted to be left alone.
He wasn’t feeling well. He couldn’t say what it was. It wasn’t a headache or a temperature, but there was strange feeling in the middle of his chest, like when he ran the distance of North Piha Beach. Josh sighed as he turned another page of the magazine and wished that the day would end.
After lunch, of which he ate little, he took his skateboard and rode to the skate park. There was only one boy in the bowl, on what was obviously a new board. Josh waited for him to finish and then dropped in. Curving through transition, he lost it on the kickturn and bailed. 
“Bugger!” he exclaimed as he landed heavily.
“Give it up,” shouted the boy who was watching from the side.
“Shut up,” Josh snarled as he left the bowl.
A group of skaters arrived, some of whom he knew, and he watched them for a while. They gave him a chance to ride, so he dropped in again only to find that he was not up to his usual standard. He tried a few tricks, realised that he was off form, so quit and walked back to his nana’s house. When he got there, he found that his parents had packed the car and were waiting for him. He eagerly got in for the ride back to Piha.
As soon as they arrived back at the bach, Josh jumped out of the car and ran to the dunes. From his vantage point he could see that the surf was quite small, but he would get a few good rides if he were patient enough. He didn’t really care – he just wanted to get into the water. It would be better at South Piha where the bar would give the waves more form. He ran back to the bach to fetch his board.
Josh took his new wetsuit out of his cupboard and put in on. It was late afternoon, the air was cool and he’d need the wetsuit as he planned to be in the water for a while.
He scrapped the old wax off his board on the front lawn, then re-waxed When he finished he said goodbye to his mother who was watching from the deck and made his way to the beach.
 He headed towards Lion Rock, crossed the stream and walked onto South Piha Beach where he laid his board on the sand beside him and began to stretch his leg muscles. When he heard someone come up behind him, he turned to see who it was. His heart sank.
“Well, look who’s here,” Bevan said as he came to stand in front of Josh. 
Josh let his hands fall to his sides, clenching and unclenching his fists. His heart thudded in his chest so loudly he was sure that Bevan would hear it. Josh was also aware that there was someone else just behind him, but he didn’t dare take his eyes off Bevan.
“So, what brings you here?” Bevan asked with a sneer.
“Live here,” Josh said. It felt like he had a golf ball in his throat.
“That right? And you think you can surf and I can’t?”
Josh shrugged. He didn’t want to provoke the bully.
The person behind him moved and came into view. He was shocked to see the girl he had met the night before. He saw recognition in her eyes, but she tried to cover it by sidling up to Bevan and putting her arm around his waist.
“Aw, leave him alone, Bevan,” she said, trying to pull him away.
“This is the guy who hit me with the bike, Gina,” Bevan said as a means of introduction.
“But you got him back for that didn’t you?”
“Yeah, I did,” he said with a crooked smile.
Josh could feel his blood coursing through his veins, delivering adrenaline to his muscles, and his brain told him to get out of there. He heard a footfall behind him and instinctively spun around to face the new danger.
“Hey, whoa,” said an older boy, his hands raised in a surrender position. “I’ve only come to get Bevan.”
“Rhys, meet Josh,” Bevan said.
“A friend of yours?” Rhys asked.
“Yeah, we’ve made contact in the past,” Bevan said, looking at Josh meaningfully.
Josh stared back.
“Come on, Bevan, we’ve got to go,” Rhys said.
“Sure thing.” 
Gina took her arm from around Bevan’s waist and began to make her way up the beach. Bevan turned to follow her, then twisted around unexpectedly and lurched towards Josh as if to headbutt him. Josh jumped away from the imitation blow, tripped over his board and fell onto the sand. 
Bevan laughed as he walked away. Gina giggled. Josh watched them as they walked up the beach and got into the black convertible.
He pushed himself off the sand, picked up his surfboard and looked at the waves. There was refuge in the water. Nothing could touch him out there. He took his board and ran into the sea.


Chapter Eight

The wave came from nowhere. It rose up behind him and kept on rising. He couldn’t get out from beneath it. He clung to the rails of his surfboard and closed his eyes. The water crashed on top of him and pushed him under; tumbling him over and over until he didn’t know which way was up or down. His board was ripped from his hands. He was in a hole. He couldn’t get to the top. There was water in his nose and mouth. He was drowning.

Josh woke with a gasp. It took a few seconds to realise he was in his bed at the bach. He wasn’t in the water. He wasn’t drowning. It was that dream again. The second time in two days. He tried to slow his laboured breathing. He was tangled up in his sheets. He threw them off and sat up. His hands were clammy and shook. The dream had been so real.
His muscles were tight. Because of Bevan’s interruption, he hadn’t stretched properly the day before and he’d stayed in the water longer than he intended. Now he was as stiff as his surfboard. He got out of bed slowly, testing each cramped muscle and the more he moved, the easier it became. He dressed and left his bedroom in search of breakfast. At least his appetite was back.
Josh found his mother curled up in an armchair with a magazine and a cup of coffee. “I wondered when you were going to get up,” she said.
He glanced over at the clock, thinking it was late, but it was only 9.00 a.m. He put milk and cereal into a bowl and sat at the table to eat it.
“Where’s Dad?” he asked.
“He’s taken Cyndi to the Gap. It’s low tide about now and he thought it would be a good place to take her for a swim before the sun got too hot.”
“Why didn’t you go?”
“I just needed time to myself. You were fast asleep and I just wanted to sit and enjoy the sunshine. It’s been so stressful with packing and Christmas and everything.”
Josh nodded in agreement. Outside the air was clear and calm and he guessed that there’d be no decent surf that day, not even with the incoming tide. He might as well take it easy and give his muscles time to ease off.
“I think I’ll catch up with Dad,” he said as he finished his cereal.
“Good idea. You should meet him coming back. And don’t forget sunscreen,” his mother reminded him as he headed for the door.
“Sure,” he sighed, pumping sunblock into his palm from the bottle that sat on a shelf by the front door. 
When he reached the road, he looked carefully left and right for any sign of the black convertible, but the road was empty. Bevan hadn’t figured out where he lived and wasn’t waiting to jump him as soon as he appeared.
South Piha Beach was quiet when he got there. The lifeguards had put up the flags demarcating the swimming area and only a few swimmers had ventured in. There were no surfers in the water; the surf was too small and messy and it was going to be a day for the bathers. He recognised one of the lifeguards standing by the inflatable rescue boat on the beach and walked over to him.
 “Hi, Chris,” he said.
“Oh, hi, Josh,” Chris said, looking up. “Haven’t seen you around for a while.”
“I took a job in the city for Christmas, so I couldn’t get down as much.”
“So what are you up to today?”
“I’m going over to the Gap. Dad’s taken Cyndi there.”
“I think I saw them earlier,” Chris said, nodding his head. 
“Have you seen them come back?”
“No, I don’t think so, but I’ve been busy in the back of the clubhouse, so they could have come through then.”
“Alright then. I’ll go and have a look to see if they’re still there.”
“Catch you later,” Chris said and turned to another lifeguard who was standing on the other side of the IRB. “Come on, Brendan, let’s get her out.”
Josh turned and walked towards the left-hand side of the beach where the headland of Tasman Lookout extended out, hovering over a rocky outcrop known as Pakiti Rock. Even at high tide most of the rock was above the water level, except in extremely high tides and rough seas. Today was calm and, even though the tide was coming in, it was easy to get to the rocky base of the cliff. Josh hopped from rock to rock until he reached the first of two rocky outcrops, over which he had to climb. He made his way over them and stopped for a moment where the rocks formed a flat ledge with rock pools. 
 He turned at the sound of an outboard engine and saw Chris and Brendan flying past in the IRB. Chris raised his hand in greeting and Josh waved back, watching them as they sped in the direction of Lion Rock, riding in the trough between the waves. He followed their progress until they rounded Lion Rock and were lost from sight.
He turned to continue along the ledge towards the sandy beach and from there the Gap, but a voice behind him stopped him.
“Hey, surfer boy!”
He glanced over his shoulder. Bevan climbed over the last of the rocky outcrops and came towards him. Gina was behind him, not sure of her footing on the uneven rocks. Bevan didn’t wait for her but walked over to Josh. 
“Out on your own, eh?”
Josh looked over his shoulder. There was no one in sight. He was alone and vulnerable. 
“Leave me alone.” His voice sounded stronger than he felt. 
“Oooh, I’m scared.”
“You got me for knocking you over. Now we’re quits.”
“That’s what you think.”
Gina had now come to stand just behind Bevan, silent and wary. “Leave him, Bevan,” she said as she placed a hand on his shoulder. 
“This prick crashed into me.”
“He didn’t mean it, Bevan. It was an accident.”
“How do you know?”
“Mitch told me.”
“What does Mitch know?” He turned on her. “Whose side are you on anyway?”  It seemed like Bevan was going to hit her and she cowered away from him
Josh stepped forward and said, “Leave her alone.”
Bevan rounded on him. “Stay out of this.”
“Don’t take it out on her.”
“Then I’ll take it out on you,” Bevan said, and pushed Josh back. 
Josh stumbled on the uneven surface. He tried to maintain his balance, but failed and fell on one knee, the jagged rock edge cutting through his skin. Still unbalanced, Bevan shoved him with his foot so that he fell backwards into a rock pool, the water soaking the seat of his boardies.  
“Weakling,” Bevan said. 
“Stop it, Bevan,” Gina said, pulling at his arm. “Someone will see.”
 “Better look over your shoulder all the time, surfer boy. You’ll never know when I’ll be creeping up on you.”
Bevan threw his arm around Gina, pulled her around and together they walked off, heading back to the beach. They separated as they reached the rocky outcrop and Gina looked back at Josh who was getting up out of the water. He met her eyes, but couldn’t read them. Was it sympathy or contempt? He couldn’t tell.
He looked at his knee. It was bleeding and he used some of the water from the rock pool to wash it away. He made his way to the base of the cliff and sat down on a rocky ledge. The sound of an outboard motor carried to him and he glanced up to see the inflatable, with Chris and Brendan in it, returning to the beach. He looked over to the left, towards the Gap and decided he’d forget about going out there. He made his way slowly back over the rocks, wincing at the pain in his knee. Once he reached the sand he limped towards the yellow and red flags and saw Chris sitting on the quad bike, scanning the water ahead of him. He glanced over as Josh approached.
“You were in one piece last time I saw you,” Chris said.
“I fell on the rocks.” 
“Really? Looked like you were pushed.”
Josh frowned. “How …?”
“I saw you from the IRB, after we’d come back around the Lion. I thought it was you, but I couldn’t see much from that distance. It didn’t look like the guy was shaking your hand. Do you know him?”
“Sort of,” Josh said.
“Did you piss him off or something?”
“Yeah, something.”
 Chris glanced down at the cut on Josh’s knee. “It looks clean enough. Go up to the first aid room if you want.”
“Nah, I washed it out with sea water. It should be fine. Think I’ll go for a swim. See you, Chris.”
Chris nodded then lifted his whistle to his mouth to get the attention of a group of bathers who had strayed outside the flags. 
Josh took off his shirt, leaving it close to the quad bike, and ran into the sea. The coldness of the water startled him, but it washed away the remaining sick feeling he’d had since Bevan had met him on the rocks. 


Chapter Nine

 When he walked into the bach his parents were sitting in the lounge with a woman and a boy of about Josh’s age. The boy glanced up at Josh from beneath a long, sweeping fringe and then looked away again, almost shyly. 
“Hi, Josh,” said his mother as he came in. “This is Penny and her son, Hayden.” She stopped when she noticed his skinned knee. “What happened to your leg?”
“I fell on Pakiti Rock. I was going to the Gap, looking for you, Dad,” Josh said, grabbing a glass and making his way toward the fridge.
“We’ve been back a while,” his father said. “I went up to the store on the way back for a coffee and the paper. Your Mum said you’d gone to find us, but I guessed you’d be back in your own time.”
 “Are you all right?” his mother asked, starting to get out of her chair. “Did you go to the club for first aid?”
“Chris had a look,” Josh said, twisting the truth a little. “He said it was alright, just needed cleaning out, which I did.” He grabbed the orange juice from the fridge.
“Will you be going surfing today?” his mother asked, settling herself back into her chair.
“No, I’ll just take it easy.”
“Oh, I was hoping you could take Hayden surfing.”
Josh remembered then that his mother had said something about teaching the boy next door to surf. He looked over at Hayden as he poured the juice into a glass. He had light brown hair, fair skin and long, thin limbs. He would get sucked under by the first real wave that hit Piha Beach.
“Can he swim?” Josh asked, knowing the question sounded rude but not really caring.
“Yes, I can,” Hayden said.
Josh found it hard to believe. “You have to be a strong swimmer to get out to the surf. It’s no use even trying if you can’t swim.”
“I can swim,” Hayden repeated. He sounded a little annoyed.
“Maybe tomorrow,” Josh said.
“That would be good,” his mother said. “Penny and I are going to the shops tomorrow. You and Hayden go surfing then.”
Josh, who was still in the kitchen, hid behind the open door of the fridge and rolled his eyes in exasperation, he didn’t want to babysit a grommet for the day. He’d have to think of a way to get out of it.
“I’m going to my room,” he said, taking the glass of fruit juice with him. He purposely closed his door just in case the two scheming women decided that it was a good idea for him and Hayden to ‘bond’. A few minutes later, to his relief, he heard the mother and son leave.
“I’m pleased you’ve agreed to teach Hayden to surf,” his mother said later, as they ate lunch.
“I didn’t agree. You just organised it for me.”
“Well, he seems nice.”
“Being nice doesn’t mean he’ll be a good surfer or that he’ll learn anything at all. It’s not as easy as it looks.”
“We know that,” his father said. “We just thought you could help, that’s all.”
“Well, I’ll give it a go and if he’s not much good, he can piss off.”
“Josh, that’s not very nice,” his mother protested.
“No one said I had to be nice. This is my holiday and everyone seems to be ruining it for me.” 
“Josh, he just needs something to do, you know, to help him get over his father’s death,” his mother said.
“Who made me his crutch?” Josh asked.
“You don’t have to do this, Josh. All you had to do was say no.”
“I tried that, didn’t I? But none of you would listen but it’s all arranged now, so just leave it.”
He ate the rest of his lunch in resentful silence. 
After lunch, he walked with his family to North Piha. His parents climbed the footpath to Te Waha Point while he built a sandcastle with Cyndi. He dug a deep moat around the lumpy looking construction and wished that he could build a moat around himself. It would protect him from Bevan’s attacks and from the changes in his life. He looked south where he could see Lion Rock and the Camel, one behind the other, standing strong against the waves. He should try to do the same, stand strong against the threat and not let Bevan spoil his holiday. 
His parents started fighting after dinner. He was in his room, lying on his bed, reading an old surfing magazine when the raised voices reached him. 
 “You shouldn’t be going to the shops,” his father said. “We don’t have the money.”
“It’s my money!” his mother shouted. “I can do what I like.”
“But we’ve got bills to pay,” his father said.
“It wouldn’t be a problem if you hadn’t gone bankrupt.”
“Do you have to bring that up again?”
“Well, it’s hard not to.”
Josh grabbed his iPod and pushed the earpieces in his ears, but the music couldn’t block out the sounds of the fight.
His door opened slightly and Cyndi peered around the edge, a frightened look on her face and a doll in her hand. He sat up and smiled at her, removing the earbuds from his ears.
“What’s wrong, Cyndi?” he asked, although he knew what the answer was.
“Why are Mummy and Daddy shouting?”
“Sometimes grown-ups shout at each other.”
“Why?”
“They’re just cross.” He got up from his bed and came over to her. “They’ll stop soon. I’ll take you back to your room and I’ll stay with you a while, okay?”
She nodded and he guided her back to her bedroom. His parents were still fighting and didn’t see them moving down the passage. He tucked Cyndi into her bed and sat in the chair next to it. He pulled out one of her storybooks and read to her softly by the dim glow of her night-light until her eyelids closed and her breathing slowed. His parents finally stopped arguing but an uneasy tension permeated the house. Josh put down the book gently and crept from the room to his own bed.

Chapter Ten

Everyone seemed to be out when Josh got up the next morning. Then he saw Hayden sitting on the deck and groaned. He’d hoped that his rudeness yesterday had put him off, but obviously it hadn’t. He went out to have a look at Hayden’s surfboard. It was brand new with not a trace of wax on it.
“Niiiice,” he said when Hayden looked at him expectantly.
“Really? My uncle bought it for me. Said I should give it a go.”
“It’s going to need wax on it first.”
“I’ve got some here,” Hayden said, pulling out a new block of wax from his pocket.
“You’ll need to rub it on top of the board. I’ll get my board so you can see.”
Josh went back inside the house, brought out his board and laid it alongside Hayden’s. 
“Mine’s got too much wax on it,” Josh said, holding out a scraper. “Here, use this, it’ll get it off and then you can wax my board too.”
“Yeah, sure,” Hayden said eagerly, taking the scraper from him.
“Don’t go too hard,” Josh warned him, “or you’ll put a ding in it.”
“Okay.”
Josh looked towards the road. The breeze was in his face and beyond the dunes he could hear the waves crashing on the sand. Surf was up. 
“Where is everyone?” he asked.
“My mum and your mum went shopping and they took your sister with them. They went in my mum’s car. Your father went somewhere in his car. He said it would be alright for me to wait until you woke up.”
‘Great,’ Josh thought. “I’ll grab some breakfast,” he said as went inside.
After breakfast, Josh changed into his boardies and put on a rash shirt. When he went onto the deck, Hayden had just finished waxing the two boards. 
“Good job,” Josh said as he picked up his board. “Let’s go.”
Together they walked across the road and up to the sand dunes. The wind was in his face, a cool southwesterly, the waves were over 2 metres, a bit messy but some good rides possible. The tide was on its way in. He descended to the beach with Hayden behind him.
“Where are we going?” Hayden asked as they walked.
“Over there,” Josh said, pointing south with his free arm. “Where the other guys are riding.”
“It looks rough.”
“It’s fine if you know where to go.”
“Do you know?”
“Sure do,” Josh said as he walked towards Pakiti Rocks. When he’d figured out where the rip was, he put down his board and began his stretches. His muscles were still a little tight, but a good day in the water would put that right. 
“What shall I do?” Hayden asked.
“You can watch,” Josh said. “You might pick up some tips.”
“I’ve been watching since I got here. I won’t learn anything by watching.”
Josh wound the new leash from his board around his ankle, securing it with the Velcro strips. “You need to watch someone who knows what they’re doing.” He picked up his board and began to head into the waves. 
He felt Hayden’s hand on his shoulder. “Wait, aren’t you going to help me?”
“Not today,” Josh said as he pushed Hayden’s hand off his shoulder. “Surf’s too good.”
“But I waxed your board,” he said, disgruntled.
“Yeah, thanks,” Josh said as he made for the water.
Hayden called out something that Josh couldn’t hear over the sound of the waves. He assumed that it wasn’t pleasant. He didn’t care. The guy had been pushed onto him and he saw no reason to be friendly. Let him go crying all the way home to his mother. 
He used the rip running towards the Camel to get him out to the backline where he greeted a few of the surfers that he knew.
“What’s the rides like?” he asked the nearest surfer.
“Well, the waves have closed out, but you can still get a good ride if you time it right.”
Josh nodded and straddled his board to watch the sets come through. As a good wave began to build up behind him he started to paddle, ready to catch it. Some of the other surfers were paddling too, but he was up and riding first. It was his wave. The white water foamed around him as his board sliced through the shoulder and he picked up speed, feeling the strength of the surging water beneath him. He turned and curved upwards, slashing through the lip, then cutting back to carve the face again. At mid-break he kicked out, falling onto the back of the wave which carried on towards the shore without him.
The ride exhilarated him. There was nothing that could beat the thrill of surfing, the ability to stay on his board and manipulate it like it was an extension of his feet. He loved to feel the power of the wave beneath him as his board carried him to shore at speed, with no time to plan a move too far ahead because the wave constantly changed and it was only possible to react with instinct. Any mistake resulted in a wipe out which was instant and final, but after a wipe out there was another wave to catch, one that would be uniquely different to the one just ridden. It was the attraction of the next wave that made Josh turn around and paddle back out.
When he reached the backline he looked towards the shore for Hayden, but couldn’t pick him out amongst the people on the beach and he presumed that he’d gone home.
He continued to ride while the tide came in, catching a few good rides, but the wind eased in the early afternoon and the swell dropped. One by one the surfers left, knowing that the good rides had gone for the day. Eventually, Josh went in too, catching one last wave to the shore. When he walked out of the water, he was surprised to see Hayden sitting where he had left him.
“I thought you’d gone home,” Josh said as he approached him.
“You told me to watch so I sat and watched.”
Josh wasn’t sure if there was a touch of sarcasm in his voice.
“Did you learn anything?”
“Not much. It’s hard to see what you’re doing from here, but I had Gina to talk to,” he remarked casually as he stood up.
“Gina?” Josh repeated. He looked around; thinking she might still be about, but he couldn’t see her. Turning back to Hayden he said, “Does she have long blonde hair and a sort of pixie face, with blue eyes?”
“That’s her,” Hayden said with a nod.
“Did you see Bevan?”
“Who’s Bevan?”
“He’s her boyfriend and he’s trouble. You want to stay away from him.”
“I didn’t see any boyfriend.”
Josh turned and walked off down the beach with Hayden following him.
“How long have you known Gina?” Josh asked, trying to sound casual.
“Just met her today. She came over once you went into the water. She was watching you. I don’t think she was really interested in me.”
“What?” Josh said, stopping to face Hayden.
“Yeah, she was watching you the whole time. Do you know her?”
“No,” Josh said. “I don’t know what she was up to, but you shouldn’t get involved with her. Her boyfriend will beat you up.”
 “Well, she came and talked to me. I can’t stop her doing that,” Hayden said.
“It’s your funeral,” Josh said with shrug and walked ahead, wondering about Gina and her apparent interest in him.
He forgot about Gina as he approached the bach. There was a strange car parked in the driveway and the boot was open. A man was on the other side of the car, partially hidden from view. He was hammering something into the ground. Josh couldn’t believe it, knowing he’d seen this before. He ran forward to confirm it. A real estate agent was erecting a ‘For Sale’ sign outside their bach. His father stood at the front of the car, watching the man work. Josh strode up to his father, his anger flaring as he confronted him.
“Couldn’t you wait?” he demanded.
“For what, Josh? This is the best time to sell.”
“Wait until the holidays are over.”
“Then everyone will be gone. The time to sell is now.”
“You sound like a real estate brochure, Dad. Did he put you up to this?” Josh asked, turning on the real estate agent.
“It’s my decision, Josh. We have to do this. The bank wants it.”
“I thought we had more time,” Josh cried. “I thought the bank was going to do the house first. This is all bullshit!”
He threw down his surfboard and his father jumped back as it bounced on the ground at his feet. Josh shoved past Hayden and advanced on the newly erected real estate sign while the agent backed away hastily. Josh kicked the sign and the flimsy board buckled, pulling the two poles out of the ground. 
“Josh, stop this,” his father shouted as he grabbed his arm to pull him away.
Before Josh knew what he was doing, his hand had curled into a fist and he drew his arm back, ready to punch his father in the face... 
Then two strong hands clasped his forearm tightly and pulled it back. His fist stopped short and his father hopped back, out of striking distance.
“Don’t, Josh,” Hayden pleaded, maintaining his grip on Josh’s arm with surprising strength.  Josh struggled but could not free his arm so he rolled the saliva in his mouth and spat at him. The spit slid down his father’s cheek. 
Then he shook off Hayden’s hands and took off down the road before his father had time to react.

Chapter Eleven

Josh ran across the road without looking, skipping around a car that had to brake to avoid hitting him. The driver swore loudly but Josh ignored him, racing off through the dunes and onto the beach. His vision blurred - he was crying. He rubbed the tears away angrily. 
Lion Rock loomed above him. Splashing through the water he mounted the steps that were cut into the rock’s base, and within seconds he was climbing the wooden steps, rising rapidly away from the beach, past the slip and then up the final steps to the grassy knoll above. He halted here, his breathing laboured and his head spinning; he’d ascended too rapidly and his lungs were deprived of oxygen. He sat down on the seat next to the pou and tried to catch his breath. 
He could hear sounds from below as someone made their way up the slope, but for the time being he was alone. He rested his head in his hands, his breath searing his lungs and his muscles protesting their exertion. He wanted to cry, but he had no breath to do it. He could only gulp air into his parched mouth and try to ease the tightness in his chest.
The approaching climber was making their way up the last few steps before the grass knoll. Josh jumped down from the seat and made his way along a faint path in the grass to the left of the knoll where he couldn’t be seen. He sat down on the grass, put his chin on his knees and closed his eyes. 
His thoughts were jumbled. For the last few days he’d been able to believe that this was just another holiday like many others before, but the arrival of the sign on the verge had changed all that. It brought home to him the reality of the situation, that they were going to lose the bach, just like they were going to lose the house. It wasn’t fair. His life was out of his control and there was nothing he could do about it.
Josh heard a movement beside him and opened his eyes. Hayden stood next to him.
 “I suppose my dad sent you,” he said.
“No, he was helping the agent pick up the bits of the sign,” Hayden said, and sat down beside him. “Man, you should have seen that guy’s face when you kicked that sign down.”
“Have they put it back up?”
“No, your dad said it was better to leave it. The agent complained that it wouldn’t attract buyers, but your dad insisted. Doesn’t want a repeat, I guess.”
“So it’s still on the market?”
“I think so. What’s up anyway?”
“My dad’s bankrupt. His business failed.”
“And you have to sell the bach?”
“Apparently.”
“And you don’t want him to?”
“Obviously. Look, will you cut the questions? I don’t want to talk about it right now.”
“Sure.”
Josh lay back on the grass, his hands behind his head, and closed his eyes. He expected Hayden to move on, but the boy stayed, even though Josh was ignoring him. For a while they didn’t speak. Voices drifted to them from the knoll to their right, but the cicadas drowned out most of the words. A question formed on his lips and he wondered whether he should ask it. Josh was curious, but uncertain what Hayden’s reaction would be. In the end he just asked.
“How did your dad die?”
Hayden was silent and Josh thought he wasn’t going to answer. It was so quiet for so long that Josh thought that Hayden had gone after all and he hadn’t heard him. He opened one eye, but Hayden was still beside him, staring into the distance. Josh closed the eye again. He was obviously not going to get an answer.
“Heart attack,” Hayden said, surprising Josh.
“Yeah?”
“I was waiting for him to pick me up from training but he never arrived.”
 “Training?”
“Yes, I play water polo; I’m in my school’s team”
Josh cringed; he’d made a fool of himself the previous day, asking if Hayden could swim. This guy could probably swim circles around him and throw a ball while doing it. No wonder he’d had such strength in his arm when he had stopped him from hitting his father.
“There was no warning – he didn’t have any symptoms” Hayden continued. “He was at work when it happened. They tried CPR but he was gone - just like that. I waited for ages for him to pick me up. Then my uncle came in the end. He was upset and wouldn’t tell me anything. Mum told me when I got home. That’s when it all fell apart. I haven’t been to training since. I think I failed all my exams, too. Nothing seems to have any point. They tell me it’ll get better in time, but I want it to be better now. I don’t want to feel this way anymore.”
Hayden became silent. Josh sat up, but didn’t know what to say. He’d never had this kind of conversation with anyone before. He thought Hayden had finished, but the boy started talking again.
“I saw him at the funeral home. He looked like he was asleep in the coffin, but when I touched him he was hard and cold. I didn’t want to go to the funeral, but Mum said I had to, said I had to have closure, like I could close a door and never have to think about it again. I had no control over anything.”
Hayden stopped. Josh looked over at him and noticed tears running down his cheeks. Hayden appeared to be unaware that he was crying.
“School was worse,” Hayden said. “No one knew what to say to me so they said nothing. They’d avoid me. Perhaps they were scared I’d burst into tears or something. Everyone had gone back to their own lives and they expected us to do the same, but it wasn’t ever going to go back to the way it was before. Dad had gone and he wasn’t coming back.” He paused. “Some days it was so bad I’d feel like killing myself.”
“Would you?” Josh asked, alarmed now.
“What, kill myself?” Hayden asked. 
Josh nodded. 
“No, I couldn’t do that to my mum. I know she’s trying to be strong, but she’s like an ice cream cone. One bit of pressure and she’ll crumble. Nah, it’s bad enough Dad’s gone. It’s just her and me now. We have to be strong for each other.”
“Why does she want you to surf?”
“She wants me to get back in the water - to start playing again. I stopped when dad died and I haven’t been able to return to it. She thinks it would be good for me – to go back to doing what I did before, take my mind off it, but the trouble is it’s always there. Nothing is going to take it away.”
“Surfing might help,” Josh said, thinking how surfing made him forget all his problems. “I’ll show you a few things tomorrow,” he added.
“You will?” Hayden asked. “For sure, not like today when you buggered off?”
“If you really want to.”
“I’d like to give it a go, as long as you’re not doing it because you feel sorry for me.”
“No,” Josh said with a laugh, although he knew there was some truth in what Hayden said. “Someone has to teach you. It might as well be me.”
“Deal,” Hayden said.
Suddenly Josh felt better, although he had no idea why.


Chapter Twelve

“Go. Now!” Josh shouted as the wave moved towards the surfboard. “Paddle, paddle, hands on the rails, feet under … no!”
Once again Hayden fell off the surfboard into the shallow water. The day before, after having come down from Lion Rock, they had practised this movement while the board was on the front lawn at the bach. But attempting it on a static board was different to doing it on a board carried along by the fluid motion of the sea. Josh was frustrated. He couldn’t understand why Hayden couldn’t do something that came so naturally to him. 
“Let’s do it again,” he said with a sigh.
“Why can’t I do it,” Hayden cried, equally frustrated. “Is it because I’m goofy-footed?”
“No, it’s got nothing to do with it,” Josh said. “You’ll get it in the end.”
“And if I don’t?”
“Then give up,” Josh said grimly.
“I’m not ready to do that yet,” Hayden said as he took his board from Josh and prepared to get on again. For the interminable time he fell off. Grabbing the board before it was swept away, Josh looked out to where the waves were rolling in. The swell was rising on the outgoing tide. The tide was due to turn soon and he yearned to go out before it did. If only Hayden would stand on his board.
“Go,” said Hayden.
Josh turned and saw that Hayden was close beside him.
“I can see you’d rather be out there,” Hayden continued. “Go on, I’ll carry on trying by myself.”
“Sure?” Josh asked.
“Yeah, there’s nothing more you can help me with. It’s all up to me now. I’ll catch you later.”
“If you say so,” Josh said with a smile.
Josh ran out of the water and grabbed his own board. Paddling into the rip, he could feel the strength of the water beneath him as he swept past Camel Rock and the small domed rock called the Beehive. Already there were a large number of surfers in the water, but he didn’t mind. His turn would come. It was enough to be in the surf with a large stretch of churning water between him and the shore. Out here his problems receded. It was only when he set foot on land that the trouble started.
He was wrong. One of his problems came out to him in the form of Bevan, paddling out on his surfboard. Josh straddled his board and watched him come closer.
“So you think you can ride, eh?” Bevan sneered as he approached.
Josh didn’t bother to reply.
“Gone dumb, eh? Water on the brain,” Bevan taunted.
Josh ignored him.
“Mind if I park here?” Bevan asked.
“Please yourself,” Josh replied.
“No, I’ll go over there, where the good waves are.”
Josh stared after him as he moved to the inside where the surfers in the take-off zone. They arrived there before Josh and Bevan, so it was their right to ride the next good wave.  They frowned as Bevan intruded into their space. Josh knew it wouldn’t be long before he started to make trouble.
He was right. Within a few minutes of Bevan’s arrival, one of the guys on the inside took off on a good wave and was well into riding it when Bevan dropped in on him. He had to flick out to avoid hitting him. Bevan continued his ride, seemingly unaware of the mistake he’d made. Josh knew that it was no mistake, just Bevan’s arrogance. He heard the surfer curse as he paddled past and Josh thought that if Bevan was looking for a fight, he was going to get one.
“Piss off,” one of the surfers shouted as Bevan paddled out.
“Piss off yourself,” Bevan shouted back and continued to push his way to the inside. 
Josh caught a few waves and was lucky not to have to share them with Bevan. The surf became erratic as low tide passed. Josh noticed that sets of small waves were being followed by a large solitary one that pushed towards the shore with great force - a sort of freak waves. He knew that when those waves stopped then the surf would die.
Josh was on the inside when one of the freak waves built up and he began to paddle. He heard one of the surfers shout encouragement as he prepared to take off. Then he was up and riding, dropping down the face of a three metre wave. 
Suddenly Bevan appeared from nowhere, just in front of him. Josh was riding too fast to avoid him. He cut back sharply, too sharply, and wiped out in a big way. As he crashed backwards onto the water, he saw his board fly up into the air before it was jerked back down by the leash attached to his ankle and the tug flipped him sideways in the water. He flailed around as the wave closed over him, knowing his board would be travelling back down towards him at speed and he couldn’t swim out of the way. Now surrounded by water, he raised his hands in defense as the board swooped down and hit his right arm on a glancing blow, it instantly went numb. He grabbed the board with his good arm as it bobbed in the water beside him then used it to keep him afloat while he cradled his arm close to his body. The numbness faded, leaving his nerve ends jangling, shoulder to fingertips alive with a thousand pins and needles.
“Are you alright?” someone shouted to him.
“Yeah,” Josh shouted back. “I think I’ll go in.”
“Someone needs to teach that prick a lesson,” someone else called out as Josh pulled himself onto his board. 
Josh silently agreed with him. He paddled forward, using only his left arm, while lying on his stomach on the board. His right arm was useless. He wondered if it was broken. When he reached the mid-break, the waves tossed him off his board and he walked the rest of the way in, holding his board in one arm. 
He was surprised to see Gina sitting next to Hayden on the beach. Josh walked up to them, and then knelt down so that he could put his board down on the sand. 
“What’s wrong with your arm?” Hayden asked.
“My board hit it.” He sat on the sand alongside his board and tried not to look at Gina. He wondered why she was sitting with Hayden. Did she like him? Josh felt a pang of jealousy then dismissed it. She was Bevan’s girlfriend. There was no chance for either of them.
“Bevan dropped in on you,” Gina said.
“Yes, he did.” He looked over at her. Her deep blue eyes looked back at him.
“Is it broken?” she asked.
“I don’t think so.”
“Let me check,” she said as she got up from the sand and knelt beside him. She wrapped her fingers around his biceps and squeezed gently. His skin tingled where she touched him. She moved slowly down his arm, testing each area. 
The world receded. He was no longer aware of the sea, the beach, Hayden or any of the people on the beach. There was only him and Gina and her hands moving slowly over his skin. He shivered although he was not cold.
“No,” she said as she rocked back on her heels. “I don’t think it’s broken.”
She stood up and pulled him to his feet while she laughed. “Come on, let’s go for a walk,” she said. “Hayden can watch our stuff.”
Josh looked over his shoulder at Hayden, who looked disappointed as he sat back down amongst the towels and surfboards.
She led him towards the south end of the beach, to the track that led to the Tasman Lookout. He followed her silently, watching her body move in front of him as she ascended the steps. It was cool amongst the overhanging bushes and trees, but he felt hot. 
They broke out into the sunshine at the top and Gina veered right to the lookout. When they reached the wooden platform he was surprised to see that there was no one there as it was usually very busy, especially at that time of year. They stepped onto the deck, walked to the rails and leant against them, side by side, looking down at the foaming sea below them. Camel Rock was in front of them, a huge mass of rock sheltering the stretch of sand behind it. The few surfers out were just black dots on the backline and the bathers a dark mass in the tumbling waves. There was a light breeze in his face and he closed his eyes and breathed deeply. The wind carried with it the salty tang of the sea that he could taste in the back of his throat. He could smell Gina’s perfume.
“Josh,” she said in his ear.
He opened his eyes and found her face close, then her lips were on his and he turned to put his arms around her, his right arm now restored. She pulled him closer, her hand on the back of his neck as she forced his lips apart and poked her tongue in his mouth. He’d kissed girls before, but not like this. His head began to spin and he forgot where he was. All that existed was Gina, her perfume in his nose and her tongue in his mouth. The muscles in his lower stomach tightened and his breathing quickened.
 Voices announced that someone was approaching and Gina stepped back.
“You taste salty,” she said.
“So would Bevan after surfing,” Josh replied, wondering what Gina was doing with him besides messing with his head.
“Don’t talk about him,” she said as she drew him to the other side of the lookout as another couple came up the path between the flax. She walked to the grassy area in front of the deck and pulled him down beside her.
“What’s with you and Bevan?” he asked.
 “I’m just staying with him.”
“You said you were staying with friends.”
“So you remember me saying that when I met you on the beach,” she said, and laughed. 
“But why are you staying with him?”
“His sister, Katie, invited me down. We were best friends.”
“Were?”
“She went on some exchange programme to America. Now she’s back for a holiday and thought it would a good idea for us to hang out. But she’s changed.”
“Really?”
“Yeah, nothing’s good enough for her now, not even me.” She tugged at the blades of glass beside her. “Anyway, she’s got herself this boyfriend here and so we don’t spend any time together now.” Gina threw the ripped strands of grass into the air where the wind carried them away.
 “So is Bevan your boyfriend?” Josh wanted to get things straight between them.
“I let him think he is.” She turned to him and smiled. “But you can be my boyfriend now.” 
A line from a song ran through his mind, something about girls liking cars and money.
“But I don’t have a fancy car like Bevan.”
“What car?” Gina asked, looking at him.
“The black convertible.” He couldn’t even think about it without a shudder going down his spine.
Gina burst out laughing.
“What?” Josh said. “What did I say?”
“That’s not Bevan’s car. That belongs to Rhys.”
“But Bevan was driving it, with Mitch and Scott in it.”
“Rhys lets him use it sometimes,” she said and frowned. “But he’s not allowed to have passengers. He only has his restricted licence. You’d better not tell Rhys.”
Josh smiled then lowered his head down to kiss her again. She ran her fingers through his salt-stiffened hair and her touch made his shiver. He was prepared to take his chances with Bevan if the reward was the company of this girl.
When they returned to the beach they found Bevan standing over Hayden and demanding, “Where are they?” His back was towards them and he didn’t see them approach.
Hayden got to his feet and stood facing Bevan. “I don’t know.”
“We’re here,” Josh said as he walked up. “What’s the problem?”
“She is,” Bevan said, flicking a finger at Gina. He directed his question at her. “What are you doing with these losers?”
“You don’t own me, Bevan,” Gina said. “I can do what I want.”
Bevan grabbed her by the arm. “You’re coming with me.”
“Leave her alone,” Josh said as he stepped forward to block him.
“Surfer boy to the rescue,” Bevan jeered.
“You leave her alone, Bevan, or I’ll tell Rhys that you had Mitch and Scott in the car the day you borrowed it to beat me up.”
Bevan looked at Gina. “You bitch!”
“Bugger off, Bevan.” Gina hissed.
“You’ll come running back.”
“Never.”
Bevan turned and stalked off. 
“Well, that was interesting,” Hayden said as he reached for his towel. Josh noticed his hair was wet and there were droplets of water on his board. 
“You’ve been out?” Josh asked him.
“Yep.”
“Catch any waves?"
“No.”
“You’ll get it in the end.”
“With no help from you,” Hayden muttered as he picked up his board. “I’m going home.” 
“What’s wrong with him?” Gina said as she watched him walk off.
“Maybe he’s jealous.”
“Jealous of who?”
“Me. He must have thought you were interested in him.”
“I think he’s more interested in you.”
“What?” Josh exclaimed. 
 “I think he likes you.”
“Don’t be stupid,” Josh said, although it made him wonder. Would it explain why Hayden stuck with him even when he was rude? Was he gay? Josh decided he would play it cool around Hayden from now on.
“You want to come to my place?” he asked as he picked up his board. 
“Yeah, sure.” She picked up her towel and slung it around her neck. 

His mother was the only one in the house when he got back and he introduced Gina to her. His mother smiled warmly at her and then raised her eyebrows at him when Gina wasn’t looking. He’d never brought a girl home with him before.
After lunch they walked to the caves at North Piha, where they kissed again while leaning against the cool rock wall. This girl turned him on like no girl had before and he couldn’t get enough of her.
It was late afternoon when they walked back along the road, hand in hand. Josh wanted the day to last forever, but Gina stopped outside a bach. The black convertible was parked in the drive with a late-model Holden beside it.
“This is my stop,” Gina said.
“This is where Bevan lives?”
“And his parents, don’t forget. I share a room with Katie. Not that I see much of her.”
“What about Bevan?”
“He shares a room with his brother Rhys. Why? Are you jealous?”
Josh could feel his cheeks burning.
“I just … you’re living in the same house as him.”
“You are jealous.” She put her hands on his shoulders and looked into his eyes. “You’re just all over too cute, Josh.” She pulled him close and kissed him. 
A movement in the house caught his eye as he glanced past her shoulder. For a moment he could have sworn he saw Bevan at the window watching them.
 

Chapter Thirteen

He was drowning.
 There was water in his nose and mouth. He couldn’t find the surface. His board had been ripped from his hands and the turbulent water had carried it away. He felt the pull of the leash at his ankle and it twisted him around. Then there was no more tension and he knew the cord had snapped. The water sucked him down. He was in a hole. He tried to crawl to the top but didn’t know which way was up. Water gurgled in his ears. It filled his nose and mouth. He couldn’t breathe.

He hit the floor with a thud. For a few seconds Josh struggled with his sheets until he realised he was not in the water. He was gasping, pulling in oxygen, thinking he had been deprived of it but it was just that crappy dream again. He let his head fall onto the carpet and waited for his breathing to slow. 
He rubbed his sweaty face with a corner of the sheet, which, he noticed, was torn. He must have become tangled in it while sleeping and then ripped it when he’d fallen off the bed. It was a dream, just a stupid dream.
He rolled onto his side and got to his feet. It was light outside and his bedside clock told him it was 8.30 a.m. He might as well get up as he wasn’t going to get anymore sleep.
“Where’s Mum?” Josh asked his father as he made his way to the kitchen.
“She’s gone,” his father said despondently. He sat at the dining room table, staring into a cup of coffee.
“Gone? Gone where?” 
“To her mother’s – your nana’s house,” his father said. “She’s staying there for a while. She said she had to get away until she sorted things out.”
Josh looked around and noticed that Cyndi’s things were gone from the lounge.
“She taken Cyndi’s too?” he said.
“Yes, but she said that you’d want to stay here, where you can surf. She took the car, too.”
Josh was stunned. He’d heard his parents fighting again last night, but he didn’t realise that things had become so bad. 
“When is she coming back?”
 “I don’t know, Josh. Will you stop asking so many questions?” He drank the last of the coffee from his cup and got up from the table. “I’m going for a walk,” he said. 
Josh watched him as he walked out the door. He’d always thought of his father as a big man, but he seemed small and defeated as he descended the steps onto the lawn. 
Josh left the kitchen. He didn’t feel like eating. He saw his father at the driveway, waving his hand in greeting to someone and Hayden came into view a second later, carrying his surfboard. Josh was surprised. He’d not expected him to come back after he’d stormed off the day before. 
“Hi,” Hayden said as he poked his head around the lounge door. “Are we surfing today?”
“I guess so,” Josh said. “I’ll get my board.” 
Surfing was much better than dwelling on the dream and wondering when his mother was coming back.
 “You got wax?” Josh asked as they made their way off the deck.
“A-huh,” Hayden answered, patting a pocket in his boardies.
“Great, let’s go catch some waves.”
They set off down the road, in the direction of South Piha. As they splashed through the stream, Josh looked ahead to see if he could spot Gina, but she wasn’t on the beach. 
He studied the sea conditions. The wind had changed direction overnight and was now coming from the northeast. After days of southwest wind, the swell was still rolling in towards the shore and the offshore wind was acting on the water to from a perfect wave, a long break that peeled away from Camel Rock and rolled to shore without breaks. And he was going to be stuck in the shallows with a grommet. 
He decided that if Hayden couldn’t make it onto his board today, then he was going to give up on him and leave him to sort it out himself. But when Hayden made an attempt in the shore break, he was up on his board, balancing with his arms outstretched, not quite standing, but on his feet all the same. He was riding the wave. He continued the short distance to the shore and stepped off the board into the shallow water.
“How did you manage that?” Josh asked him as Hayden came towards him.
“I practised yesterday after you’d gone off with Gina. I got it right in the end.”
“Why didn’t you say something?”
“I didn’t think you wanted to know. You were involved with other things.”
Josh ignored the sideswipe and looked wistfully at the breaking waves. 
“I think you’re ready for the real thing,” he said.
“You’re sure?” Hayden asked.
“There’s only one way to learn. You’re a strong swimmer so I don’t think you’ll get into any trouble. The surf’s good at the moment so if you’re going to make it, today’s the day.”
“Right,” Hayden said as he followed Josh into deeper water.
Josh showed Hayden how to pass through the breaking waves and to stay in the white water away from the surfers that were already up and riding. Hayden kept up with Josh as they made their way out to the backline and Josh relaxed, knowing that Hayden would be able to take care of himself. 
Josh chose a spot away from the main body of surfers, straddled his board and waited for Hayden to catch up. 
“I don’t know how to tell you how to do it,” Josh said to Hayden as he drew closer. “You’ll just have to try for yourself. You’re going to fall off so when you do, go for the white water, when your board will be ahead of you. If you get into trouble, just hold an arm straight up in the air and the lifeguards will pick you up. There’s only one way to learn and that’s by just doing it. Look, I’ll show you.”
Josh swung his board around as the sea welled up behind them, and paddled quickly to propel his board forward. The swell lifted the board and he was on the lip. He gave one last overarm stroke, then, in one movement, he was up on his board and carving down the face of the wave, his arms spread out for balance. He rode the wave for only a short distance, then flicked out and paddled back to Hayden.
 “Go on, paddle,” Josh said as he reached him. “See if you can catch this one.”
Hayden copied what Josh had done, but as soon as he made an attempt to stand, he wiped out. He appeared a few seconds later, coughing and gasping for air.
“You’re supposed to close your mouth when you fall,” Josh shouted out to him.
Hayden, unable to speak, made an obscene gesture and Josh laughed. 
“Try again,” Josh encouraged him.
Pulling a face, Hayden paddled forward and tried to catch the next wave. He fell off before he had a chance to stand. 
“It’s not as easy as it looks,” Hayden admitted as lifted himself back onto his board.
“Never is, but you need to keep on trying until you get it right.”
“Or give up,” Hayden said ruefully.
“Too soon to give up,” Josh countered.
Josh watched as Hayden paddled forward, only to be thrown off his board again.
“Mind if I catch a few rides?” Josh asked as Hayden came towards him.
“Whatever, I’m not going anywhere,” Hayden replied.
Josh had seen an area of the sea that was building up a great left break. It had to be the way the swell was coming in, breaking over the sand bar and being formed by the offshore wind. Some of the other surfers had seen it too, but he was the closest to it. He paddled over, taking his time to assess the way the swell was building. He was still ahead of the other surfers and they would have to wait until he got his ride. 
He watched as the swell as it moved towards him, then turned his board and paddled hard, rising up as the wave formed beneath him.  He took off down the face of the wave as it broke, the lip forming at his heels as though it wanted to take a bite of him. . 
He felt, rather than saw, the tube open up behind him and he crouched down as the tube drew him into the vortex. He was totally surrounded by water with only the opening in front of him to convince him that he was not totally underwater. The water cascaded like a waterfall from the lip, throwing spray into his eyes. He concentrated on keeping his balance, keeping his eyes open in spite of the chunks of white water that bombarded his face. He was in the womb of the wave. He was about to be born again. He shot out of the tube as it collapsed behind him. He punched the air in delight and yelled at the top of his lungs. 
Then he wiped out. 


Chapter Fourteen

Josh surfaced, still on a high. He was now quite close to Lion Rock. He turned and paddled out again, ready for the next wave. Hayden was still where he’d left him.
“Did you see that?” Josh asked as he got close.
“See what?”
“The tube, man. I rode in the tube!”
“I couldn’t see from here. You just vanished.”
Josh was disappointed. He wanted to share his excitement.
“How about you?” he asked.
“I just can’t get it. I’m always falling off. It was much easier in the shallows.”
“You’ve got T.O.A.D. syndrome,” Josh said with a laugh.
“Toad, what’s that?”
“Take Off And Die,” Josh said and laughed even more.
“I don’t think that’s funny.”
“I do. I’m going to catch another one.”
 He was soon catching some great waves and he gave Hayden no more thought. 
Much later, when he went back to where he’d left Hayden, he was gone.
“Hey, did you see where Hayden went?” he asked a nearby surfer.
“The grommet? He gave up - couldn’t catch a cold.”
Josh looked to the shore. He could see Hayden walking through the shallows towards where they had left their towels. Someone was sitting amongst them. It had to be Gina. 
Josh quickly caught the next wave in. Gina waved at him as he walked up the beach towards them carrying his board.
 “Hi, Gina, do you want to go back to my place?” Josh asked as he picked up his towel and dried his face.
“What’s at your place?”
“Lunch,” he said, thinking quickly.
“Yeah, sure,” she replied as she stood up.
“I suppose I’m not invited,” Hayden said, frowning.
“Well … um …” Josh stuttered.
“Don’t worry, I know when I’m not wanted.”
Hayden picked up his board and ran into the water.
“What’s wrong with him?” Josh said, staring after him.
“Lovers’ tiff,” Gina said with a laugh. 
Josh playfully flicked his towel at her, but she laughed as she side-stepped so it missed her. 
 He bent down to pick up his board and said, “I’m starving. Let’s go.”
“Is Hayden going to be alright?” Gina said, watching him push his way through the waves.
“He’ll be fine. He’s a strong swimmer and if he gets into trouble, the lifeguards will bail him out.  He needs the practice.”
“Okay, then,” Gina said as she slipped her arm through his as they walked off the beach onto the road. “I saw you in the tube.”
“You did?” He thought no one had noticed.
“Yeah, it was awesome. How long have you been surfing?”
“Since I was about eight.”
“Ever thought of going pro?”
“Me? No, I don’t think of it like that. I just like to get out onto the waves. I’m not interested in prizes.”
“Ever got into trouble out there?”
Josh shook his head. It was only in his dreams that he got into trouble.
“No, I just know it so well. It’s only the visitors and grommets that get into difficulties.”
“Like Bevan?” she suggested.
“Where is he? I thought he’d be surfing today.”
“Some guys chased him off. They didn’t like him dropping in on their waves. I think he’s given it up. Besides, he’s met this girl, Debbie, or Denise or something.”
Josh smiled at the news, but Gina frowned as she said it. For a moment he felt uncertain and then a car horn went off right beside them and made them jump.
“Hey, guys, want a lift?”
Josh recognised the black convertible and his heart rate quickened, but Bevan was not in the car, just his brother Rhys.
“No thanks, Rhys, we’ll just walk,” Gina said.
“Whatever,” Rhys said and drove on.
“What does Rhys do?” Josh asked as he watched the black car disappear down the road.
“Something to do with the internet and computers. Don’t ask me what, but he’s making a ton of money.”
 “And Katie wants to be a model,” Gina said. “She got an agent when she was in the States. She’ll make it, too.”
“You think so?”
“Yep. The whole family knows how to make money, except Bevan. He’s the middle child. I think that’s why he’s such an asshole – Middle Child Syndrome.”
Josh didn’t think Bevan needed any reason to be an asshole. He just was. 
“Come on, you can meet my dad,” Josh said as he turned towards the bach and stood still in horror. There was smoke coming from the door and open windows. He dropped Gina’s hand and ran across the lawn while he shouted, “Dad, Dad, the bach is on fire!”
“Not the bach,” his father said as he opened a window from the inside to let more smoke out. “Just the fry pan.”
“What happened?” Josh said as he ran into the house.
“I thought I’d cook hamburgers for lunch,” his father said. “But I think I had the fry pan on too high. Next thing I knew, there were flames to the ceiling. I put a couple of wet tea towels on it to put it out, but now we’re left with the smoke.”
“You could have burnt the place down!” 
His father slumped into a chair. “Is that all you care about, Josh?”
“No … I mean, are you hurt, Dad?” Josh said, coming closer and peering at his father through the smoke.
Gina followed Josh in and stood just behind him.
“I burnt myself a little bit,” his father said and held out his hand, where part of the skin was red. 
“You have to get that under some cold water,” Gina said when she looked at it.
“I know. I’ll just sit here for a while. I got a fright.” He looked at Gina. Josh turned towards her.
“Dad, this is Gina.”
“Hello Gina. Sorry about the smoke.”
“That’s okay. I’ll cook the burgers. Josh, you look after your dad.”
“Nice girl,” his father said as they made their way to the bathroom. “Where’d you meet her?”
“Here at the beach.”
“Ouch!” his father exclaimed as cold water poured over the burn. “I’m such a useless cook.” He hesitated and said, almost to himself, “I wish your mother was here.”
This was just what Josh was thinking as well.
 

Chapter Fifteen

He awoke to the sound of rain on the roof. It was 8.00 a.m. according to his bedside clock. He knew Gina wouldn’t be coming for a few hours yet so he pulled the blankets over his head and dozed off. He woke to someone knocking at his bedroom door. He lifted his head from the pillow, thinking that it was Gina, but instead Hayden came into the room.
“Hi,” he said. “Your dad let me in. He said I should wake you up.”
“What do you want?” Josh said as he let his head fall back to the pillow.
Hayden looked at the surfing posters on the walls. “Wow, do you really get waves like that?”
“That’s Hawaii. Now what do you want?’
“Oh, I wanted to know if you were going surfing?”
“Is it still raining?”
“Yes.”
“Have you had a look at the surf?”
“Yes,” Hayden said and sat down on the corner of Josh’s bed. It made Josh feel uncomfortable.
“Well, what’s it like?”
“I don’t know really. It doesn’t look as good as yesterday. The waves are all over the place.”
“Sounds messy.”
“Yes, it looks messy.”
Hayden looked at Josh and said, “So, are we going?” 
“No,” Josh said. He wanted Hayden to leave.
“Why not?” Hayden said.
“You can go if you want. I’m going to wait for Gina.”
“Gina?” Hayden repeated.
“She’s coming here this morning, and then we’ll do something together.”
“What will you do?”
“I don’t know yet. We’ll see when she gets here. It depends on the weather.”
“So you’ll do what she tells you?”
“No, we’ll decide together.” Josh sat up in bed and faced Hayden. “What is your problem anyway?”
“I don’t have a problem,” Hayden said. “I just thought you were going to help me and now you’re going off with this girl.”
“I’m sorry, Hayden, but I’m not going to waste my entire holiday teaching someone how to surf. I’ll do what I want to do, and today I want to spend time with Gina.”
Hayden stared back at Josh for what seemed like ages. Josh tried to hold his gaze steady, but he could see the hurt in Hayden’s eyes. Looking away, he broke the contact and wondered why he felt so guilty. 
Hayden got up from the bed and left without saying anything. Josh almost got up to go after him then fell back on the bed with a sigh. Why did people have to be so complicated?
He got up, showered, changed and went to the kitchen for breakfast. His father was at the table, hunched over his cup of coffee like the morning before, and seemingly lost in his own thoughts. 
“What are you doing today?” his father asked.
“Nothing much.”
“You’re not surfing with Hayden?”
“No, not in the rain.”
“It’ll stop by lunchtime.”
Josh didn’t know how his father did it, but he could always accurately predict the weather at Piha. 
“What’s the weather doing anyway?” Josh asked.
“At the moment a small front is going over and there’s a high pressure system following it. There’s a very deep low pressure system developing in the Tasman. I reckon it’ll make its way up the South Island and reach us by New Year’s Day.”
“That could mean big surf,” Josh commented.
“Yes, especially if the high pressure cell blocks it and it stalls in the Tasman. It could push up a big swell from the south.”
“Great,” Josh said.
“You’d best be careful if the surf gets too big.”
“I can handle it. I know what I’m doing,” Josh said. 
“You’re not invincible, Josh,” his father replied.
Josh remembered the dream. He hadn’t had it this morning, but the memory of it made him unsettled. Was it a premonition? Was he going to get into trouble? It was impossible. He knew Piha too well.
“I’ll be careful, Dad. Have you heard from Mum?”
“No, I’ll leave her alone. She needs her space.”
“I miss her,” Josh said quietly, almost to himself.
“Me too,” his father said as he sipped at the coffee. “Besides, neither of us can cook.” He smiled as he said this and Josh knew that he was trying to relieve the situation, but it wasn’t working.
They both heard a footfall on the deck and looked up. Gina peered in.
“Hi, Josh.”
“Come in, Gina,” he said. 
“How’s your hand?” she asked of his father.
“It’s fine, thank you,” he said as he got up from the table. “I’m off to the store for a decent coffee.”
Gina took off her jacket and Josh hung it in the laundry. 
 “What shall we do today?” Josh asked Gina.
She shrugged and said, “I thought you might have some ideas. What do you do in Piha when it’s wet?”
“There’s not much to do down here when it rains. My parents read and I watch TV. We don’t have an internet connection here so usually I just hang around and wait for it to stop.”
 “We can hang around here then.”
“My dad’s been at me to sort out my room. Do you want to help?”
“Yeah, whatever. Maybe I’ll find out your deepest, darkest secrets,” Gina teased, and laughed.
“I don’t have any.”
“We’ll see,” she said and followed him to his room where she sat on his bed and looked at the posters on the walls.
“Bevan’s got these, too,” she said. 
He sat next to her on the bed. He was close enough to smell the fragrance in her hair. She turned to him and he wrapped his arms around her. He started kissing her and a warm feeling spread from his stomach into his groin. He slid his hands underneath the bottom of her T-shirt and ran his fingers over the skin on her back. She was soft. He slid down so they lay across the bed and started to tug at her T-shirt. He wanted to get at all that beautiful soft skin.
“No,” she cried as she pulled away from him.
He couldn’t get his hands out from under the T-shirt and he struggled as she slapped at his upper arms. Finally, they were free and she jumped to her feet. 
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” he said, frightened she was going to leave him. “I didn’t mean … I wasn’t thinking. Let’s go for a walk or something. We don’t have to stay here.”
She surprised him by laughing. “Let’s not sit on the bed,” she said. She looked around the room. “What’s in the boxes?”
“Magazines, photos and stuff.”
“Are there photos of you?”
“Yes, they’re in one of these boxes.”
“Let’s find them.”
Gina knelt down beside one of the boxes and started to open them. Relieved, Josh crouched down beside her. This girl intrigued him but confused him all at the same time. Sometimes she seemed to come on strong and then she’d push him away. He’d never felt this way around a girl before. Was he falling in love? 
When his father returned, they were sitting on the floor of his room, surrounded by the stuff that had come out of the boxes. They’d found photo albums which Gina had eagerly flipped through, stopping now and then at photos that caught her interest. He’d found old surfing magazines and had gone through them one by one, remembering when he’d first started and had bought everything ever written about surfing. 
His father appeared at his bedroom door. “Are you going to tidy this up, Josh?” he asked.
“Sure,” Josh said without conviction.
“Is this all you’ve been doing since I’ve been gone?”
Josh looked up at his father and caught the look on his face. He glanced at Gina, but she was looking down at a photo album and hadn’t looked up.
“Yes, this is all we’ve been doing.”
“It’s stopped raining,” his father pointed out, but Josh didn’t know why. “Perhaps you’d like to go out.”
Now Josh understood. He thought about where they could go.
“Would you like to visit the waterfall?” he asked Gina.
“There’s a waterfall?”
“Yes, at the end of Glen Esk Road. You have to walk up to it, but it’s not hard.”
“Sure,” said Gina as she put aside the photo album.
As Josh left with Gina, he caught his father’s speculative look. He knew if he started to deny anything, his father would think him guilty anyway, so he didn’t say anything. 
Let his father wonder.
 

Chapter Sixteen

Later they sat at the very top of the waterfall from where it plunged through a series of rock pools to its eventual final descent to the forest floor below. Few people came up that far. Josh and Gina had been hot after climbing the difficult track and had a swim in one of the rock pools. Now they lay in the sun, Gina at right angles to him, her head in his lap while he played with her hair. The cicadas chirped in the bush behind them, the water crashed over the rocks below them. Josh decided this was as close to heaven as he was going to get.
“Do you want to come to a party tonight?” Gina asked as she looked up at him. 
“Party?” he asked. “Where?”
“At the bach next door to me.”
 “Will Bevan be there?”
“I expect so, but don’t worry about him.”
Josh wasn’t so sure about that.
 “Well, are you coming or not?” she asked.
“Are you sure Bevan’s not going to have a go at me?”
“He won’t, he’s too busy with that girl of his.” She cuddled up to him and kissed his cheek. “Please say you’ll come. It’ll be fun.”
“Okay,” he said, with a shrug of his shoulders, although he only wanted to be alone with her.
“Cool,” she said and kissed him on the lips. 
He became aware of nothing else in that deserted spot but the two of them.  

Standing in the twilight at the front door of the bach next door to Bevan’s, Josh felt nervous and unsettled. It had been easy to say yes when he was alone with Gina, but now he wasn’t so sure. He could hear the sounds of the party on the other side of the door and raised his hand to knock. It opened before his fist could connect. Gina stood in the doorway.
“How did you know I was here?” he asked.
“I’ve been watching for you. You’re late. I thought you weren’t coming.”
“My dad gave me a hard time. He didn’t want me to come.”
She pulled him close for a kiss then led him down the passage towards the music and the sounds of the party. He caught a quick glimpse of bedrooms and a bathroom before he came to a large open-plan room that faced the sand dunes and the sea. It was full of people who spilled out onto the deck beyond the room and onto the sand. Bowls of food lay around and everyone had a drink in their hand. Josh quickly spotted Rhys in the crowd, his arm around a girl he recognised as one of the regulars at Piha. He couldn’t see Bevan. 
“Let’s get you a drink,” Gina said as she headed towards the kitchen, which was situated in one corner of the room. She opened the fridge door to reveal packs of beer inside. 
“What do you want?” she asked.
Josh chose a beer and had only just popped the tab when he stiffened at the sound of a familiar voice.
“Howzit, bro? Still alive, eh?”
He turned and faced Mitch. Scott stood beside him. Josh braced himself for attack, but they just stood there, smiling at him. 
“You took a beating last time we met, bro,” Mitch said and held out his hand. “No hard feelings, eh?”
“Nah,” Josh said as he tentatively shook the offered hand.  “You staying a while?” Josh sipped at his beer to hide his nervousness.  He hadn’t seen these two at Piha before and presumed they had just arrived at Bevan’s invitation.
“Until after New Year’s. Bevan’s going to show us the good surfing spots.”
“I might see you out there,” Josh said.
Mitch and Scott moved off together and he lost sight of them in the crowd. He thought it was strange that they admired him for taking the beating from Bevan, like some kind of medal of honour.
Gina hooked her arm through his. “Come on, it’s hot in here,” she said as she moved him towards the deck.
As they walked out into the cooler night air, Josh spotted Bevan. He was leaning against the railing on the deck and had his arm around a girl. Bevan and he locked eyes for a moment and there was a challenge in Bevan’s eyes. Josh only looked away when Gina led him over to a group of people.
“This is Katie,” she said, introducing him to a tall, dark girl. There was a similarity to Bevan in her features, but her face held none of the vindictiveness that Josh had seen in her brother’s. The boy with her was Sean, a regular at Piha, and Josh shook hands with him. 
Gina introduced him to more people, but he forgot their names within a few minutes. He could feel Bevan’s eyes on him and glanced at him over his shoulder. Bevan was staring at him and he didn’t like the look in his eyes.
 Together they went back into the bach and Gina pulled him into the crowd that was now dancing inside. He wasn’t good at dancing and moved awkwardly, feeling self-conscious until the song ended when they went back to kitchen where he retrieved a beer from the fridge. He drank eagerly, the warm weather and the press of bodies had made him thirsty. Gina led him over to a sofa that had just been vacated. She pulled him down beside her and snuggled up to him. From across the room, Bevan, his arm still around the girl, was glaring at him. For a few seconds Josh stared back, meeting Bevan’s stare, and it was Bevan who looked away first and moved out onto the deck, taking the girl with him. 
Gina moved closer. He felt her breath in his ear. “See, didn’t I tell you Bevan would be cool?” 
Josh didn’t reply. He had an uneasy feeling. Something was wrong here and he couldn’t figure out what it was. 
Gina pulled him up for another dance. The music was getting louder, or had the beer affected his hearing? With Gina opposite him, moving her body to the music, he could forget Bevan and the strange looks he was giving him.  He could even forget that he couldn’t dance as long as he had Gina with him to make him look good.  
The evening passed quickly after the third beer. He danced with Gina some more and talked to Mitch and Scott about surfing. The alcohol in his system made him relaxed and confident. 
“You wait here,” Gina said as a song finished. She ran her hand all the way down the inside of his bare arm, making a shiver run up his spine, and then went down the passage in the direction of the bathroom. 
He had lost track of time, but it felt late. He also didn’t know how many beers he had drunk, but it didn’t matter. He was enjoying himself. He lowered himself onto the sofa next to Mitch and found himself talking about skating and surfing all at the same time as though the two activities were one. He didn’t even notice that his speech was slurred or that he wasn’t making a lot of sense. 
When Mitch got up to get another beer Josh closed his eyes and laid his head back on the sofa. He let the music pulse through his body and carry him along its waves as if he was in the ocean, cradled by the swell of the sea and being rocked to sleep by its lullaby.


Chapter Seventeen

He didn’t know whether he fell asleep or passed out. But when he came to, he became aware that that music had changed to something old, something from his father’s generation, even before. Something that invoked the feel of the beach and the surf. The music teased his consciousness as his sluggish brain tried to identify it. It was the Beach Boys and a song called ‘Good Vibrations’. He’d heard it so long ago on one of his father’s CDs back when he was a boy. He opened his eyes to say something to Gina but found that she wasn’t next to him. Then he remembered that she had gone somewhere else in the house, promising that she wouldn’t be long.
He sat up and rubbed his face, trying to rid himself of the lethargy. He looked around the room carefully, but he couldn’t see Gina. A stranger sat beside him, kissing a girl. 
“Hey,” he asked the person next to him, elbowing him in the back. “Have you seen Gina?”
“Who’s Gina?” the man asked, looking at him angrily. 
“Um … long blonde hair, blue eyes, pixie face,” Josh said, unsure now in the face of the man’s anger.
“Doesn’t she hang out with Bevan?” he asked.
“Yeah, that’s right.” 
“They went that way,” the man said, pointing down the passage towards the front door.
“They went together?” he asked. “Bevan and Gina?”
“Bevan and a chick with long blonde hair, just like you said. Now piss off, I’m busy here.” He resumed kissing the girl and his hand went to her breast. 
Josh stood up and the room spun around him. He reached for the wall to steady himself and waited for the room to stop spinning. Sound came to him in waves, the music changed now from the Beach Boys to something slow. He hung his head and closed his eyes, waiting for equilibrium to return. 
When he thought he could, he moved off, although he still held onto the wall for support, moving out of the room and into the passage. He couldn’t move fast, his feet felt like they were encased in stone and his neck muscles couldn’t hold up his head. How much beer had he drunk? His fingers reached the jutting edge of a doorjamb. The door was closed. As he moved his hand over it he heard Gina giggle. He stopped, trying to locate the source of the sound. Again he heard her giggle, muffled, coming from the other side of the door. He listened again. Had he imagined it? Was it coming from this room? 
“Bevan – no.” 
It was clearly her voice coming from behind the closed door.
He struggled to turn the handle, his hands uncoordinated but finally the door swung open. Bevan and Gina were in the bedroom and he was taking her top off.  She wasn’t wearing a bra.
“Take your hands off her,” Josh cried as he came into the room. He reached out to push Bevan aside but missed him, falling against him instead. Bevan released Gina and pushed Josh away. Gina backed towards the bed with a smile on her face as she pulled her top back down. 
 “Don’t touch her, she’s my girlfriend,” Josh cried. Bevan was between him and Gina and he couldn’t reach her. He wanted to get her out of the room, out of the house.
“You think she’s yours, do you?” Bevan said, squaring up to him. 
Gina stood behind Bevan, looking at Josh and giggling.
“She loves me,” Josh said. 
“She told you that did she?” Bevan’s upper lip curled in disdain. “She’s just using you, and you’re too dumb to see it.”
“No, she wouldn’t do that.” Josh shook his head, but decided not to do that again as the room lurched.
“Yes, she would. We had a fight, see, and she wanted to get back at me so she goes after you. She knew it would make me mad. But she’s had her fun and it’s time for it to stop.”
Josh again tried to push past Bevan, but he was blocked. Bevan shoved him back towards the door. “Now leave us alone and get out of here.”
“She’s coming with me,” Josh said as he jostled with Bevan to get to Gina.
“Listen, dickhead,” Bevan said, pushing him back. “Get it into your head. She doesn’t love you.”
 “It’s not true!” Josh shouted, and hit him. It was a solid blow to the jaw, all his fury in one single blow, and Bevan reeled away. Josh tried to reach for Gina, but Bevan recovered quickly and punched Josh in the side of his head. Josh staggered backwards from the blow and collided with the wall. Bevan followed him and hit him hard on the chin.  His mouth snapped shut and he tasted blood. Josh attempted to hit back, but Bevan was more experienced at fighting and he wasn’t as drunk.
“What’s going on?” a voice asked as a figure appeared in the doorway. Josh looked up and recognised Rhys. 
Bevan stepped away from Josh as Rhys came into the room and said, “This guy hit me.”
Josh took his chance and swung another blow at Bevan, but it didn’t connect. Rhys grabbed Josh’s outstretched hand and twisted it behind his back. Josh yelped as pain shot through his shoulder and his knees buckled.
“Stand up,” Rhys demanded as he pulled at Josh’s other arm. 
Josh rose unsteadily and Rhys pushed him through the bedroom door. 
“Bye-bye, Joshie,” Gina said from the bedroom and giggled.
 The pressure on Josh’s twisted arm didn’t let up, and he struggled to keep upright as he was propelled down the passage towards the open front door. When they reached the open doorway, Rhys gave him a shove forward as he released his arm. Josh staggered forward, fell down the steps onto the sandy lawn and landed on his face on the ground. He pushed himself up, spitting sand from his mouth, and saw Bevan standing next to him. A crowd had gathered.  Someone was holding up a mobile phone.
“Stay away from Gina,” Bevan warned him. “I see you with her again and I’ll beat you so bad you won’t ever look pretty. Got that!”
He didn’t see the kick coming. It caught him in the stomach and he curled up before vomiting onto the grass. Bevan laughed and someone in the crowd said, ”Bro, that was wicked, let’s load it onto YouTube.”
Bevan followed the rest of the crowd back in the bach, the door closed and Josh was left alone in the dark.
 

Chapter Eighteen

Josh lay where he’d fallen, spitting blood until a couple came down the steps and walked out on to the road. They didn’t see him in the dark shadows of the house and he waited until they’d gone before he pushed himself up, using the side of the house as support, and moved around the corner of the house. He reached the empty deck and tried to look inside the house, but all the lights were off in the large room and he could only see shadows. The music was low and the sliding doors were closed. 
He left the house behind him, only just managing to stay upright as he walked through the dunes and onto the beach beyond, walking down to the water’s edge. Small ripples of water washed over his feet, filling his shoes but he didn’t care. The moon was behind him, having just come over the Waitakere Ranges, and its dull light lit up the phosphorous on the waves as they ran up the sand. He looked beyond to where the waves were breaking. The swell was building up and pushing up the waves. 
There was an ache in his chest. It was the same feeling he’d had when he was at his grandmother’s house on Christmas Day. In the clear moonlight, with the cold water at his feet, he recognised the ache in his heart as despair. Gina had betrayed him, Bevan had beaten him, his father had robbed him of his future and his mother had abandoned him. Even now there was probably a YouTube video of his humiliation being posted on the internet for the whole world to see. There was nothing left to live for.
The waves soaked the bottom of his jeans. He stepped forward, going deeper into the water. The waves pulled him in further as the denim of his jeans became sodden and heavy. He’d heard that drowning was a painless way to die. He waded in further and the water came up to his knees. He wondered how long it would be before his body washed onto to shore, if ever. Perhaps then Gina would regret what she had done to him and maybe even Bevan would feel guilty. 
 He shivered. The water was cold and his sodden jeans were becoming heavy. Not much further now and the water would be up to his hips. Somewhere in the darkness there would be a rip and if he found it then the water could take him. All he had to do was close his eyes and let himself be carried away.  
A wave broke against him, the water now up to his waist. He turned his back to the waves to take a last look at Piha. When the sea came to take him, he didn’t want to see it coming. He wanted his last vision to be of the place that he loved so much.
Almost all the lights were out in the houses up on the hill. The ranges were a shadow against the deep blue of the sky, the light of the moon silvering the edge of the hills. To his right was Lion Rock, guarding the beach as it would for many years after he was gone. 
Another wave surged around him. He could feel the tug at his feet as the water rolled back. All he had to do was lift his legs and the sea would carry him away. 
He stopped. The sensations of his recurrent dream overwhelmed him: the wave pushing him down, the water in his nose and mouth, not being able to breathe, the panic and the fear. He couldn’t do it. He had to get out of the water.
He pulled against the force of the waves. It was harder now that he wasn’t going with the water. He stumbled and the sea grabbed at his ankles, pulling him down under the waves, but he pushed himself up and came out above water level. The sea retreated behind him, rushing out to join the next incoming wave, which surged forward and broke around him. It tried to push him down towards the sand, but he maintained his balance and pushed his way through. The sea made one last attempt as he staggered out, but the water was too shallow and he fell forward onto the wet sand. A small wave embraced him from head to foot, then ran out, leaving him cold and wet on the sand. 
He turned over and sat up, looking back at the sea. “Not today,” he whispered to the foaming waves. 
There was a strong wind blowing off the sea and he started to shiver. He had to get home and change into dry clothes before the cold air did what the sea had been unable to do. When he stood up the wind cut right through his clothes as though he were naked and chilled him instantly. He began to walk, staggering across the sand, his feet squelching in his sodden shoes.  He turned away from the sea and headed towards the dunes, but had difficulty climbing them. The sand gave way under his feet and for every two steps he slipped back one. He would have cursed, but his teeth were clamped together. If he released them, his jaw would start to chatter uncontrollably. It wasn’t much better on the road. There was a less wind, but the tarmac had lost the heat from the day and was just as cold as the sand.  
With a sigh of relief that started off a bout of chattering teeth, he turned into his driveway. The house was in darkness. He staggered up the steps and collapsed at the front door. He’d made it so far and now his strength ebbed away. He reached up to turn the front door handle, but it wouldn’t turn. It was locked. He began to shake the door, crying out to be let in. When no one came he slumped against the door as tears pricked at his eyes. He just wanted to go to bed. 
A light snapped on inside. A key turned in the lock. The door swung inwards and he fell inside. He felt no pain from the fall. He glanced up at his father who looked down on him in astonishment.
“Josh, where the hell have you been?” He didn’t wait for an answer. “Do you know what time it is?”
Josh couldn’t answer. He rolled over onto his hands and knees and crawled the rest of the way inside. 
His father closed the door and knelt beside him, then turned his head away, wrinkling up his nose in disgust. “You stink,” he said. “You’ve been drinking? I told you not to go to that party. How did you get so wet?”
“Went for … a swim,” Josh stuttered.
“In your clothes? Are you mad? Come on, let’s get you to bed. It’s three o’clock in the morning. I’ve been lying here awake waiting for you. You really know how to test my patience. Come on, get up. Let’s get you out of these wet clothes.”
His father helped him to his feet and then supported him as they made their way to Josh’s bedroom. There he sat Josh at the edge of his bed and pried off his shoes and then began to undo the buttons on Josh’s shirt. 
Josh brushed his father’s hands away. “I’ll do … it.” He wondered why his mouth wouldn’t work.
His father took hold of Josh’s hand and held it in front of his face so that he could look at it. The fingers were all blue.
“You think you can do it with these?” he asked. “Your lips are the same colour. Why’d you get into the water at this time of night? You could have drowned. If I don’t get you out of these cold clothes, you’ll get hypothermia.”
He was being rough now as he jerked the shirt off Josh’s arms. Josh could tell he was angry, but he was comforted by the fact that his father was taking care of him. His heavy eyelids began to close as his father was struggling to pull off the sodden jeans. 
“Hey, Josh, don’t go to sleep on me just yet,” his father said, shaking him as he tugged at the jeans that were gathered at his ankles. 
Josh smiled sleepily. His head sunk onto the pillow and his father pulled the covers over him. He was home. He could sleep. 
From a distance he heard his father say, “We’ll talk in the morning,” then he was gone, lost in the darkness that engulfed him.


Chapter Nineteen

Josh woke with a pounding headache and a dry mouth. His body ached and he moved around to try to relieve the stiffness in his limbs. He was aware of the ache in his side and remembered that Bevan had kicked him there. There was something in the bed with him and he reached down and pulled out a hot water bottle. There was another lying on his other side. His father must have put them there after he had fallen asleep. He was naked under the sheets and dimly remembered his father undressing him. He pushed the covers back and slowly sat up. The pounding in his head increased. He sat on the edge of the bed, lowered his head into his hands and groaned.
The door opened and Josh quickly pulled over the sheet to cover himself.
“Welcome to the morning after,” his father said as he came into the room. 
“Go away,” Josh mumbled.
“You might as well get up and get dressed. A shower might be a good idea. I’ve rinsed out your clothes from last night but I think you need to get some water on you too. And no sea water this time.”
“Then get out so that I can get dressed,” Josh protested.
“Why so shy, Josh? You didn’t complain last night. I’m your father, remember. I used to change your nappies.”
“I’ve grown up now, or haven’t you noticed?”
“No, Josh, I haven’t noticed. You’re acting like a two-year-old.” He strode over to the chest of drawers as he spoke and opened a drawer. “Here,” he said, pulling out a pair of boxer shorts. “Put these on. When you’ve had your shower, I’ll make you a cup of coffee.”
Josh grunted an acknowledgement as he took the boxers from his father’s hand. After his father left, he slipped on the boxers then rummaged around for a shirt and shorts to take to the bathroom. Once there, he put the shower on ‘hot’ and relaxed as the warm water washed off the reminders of the previous night. A bruise just below the right side of his ribcage was evidence of Bevan’s kick. He wondered if his father had seen it. When he looked in the mirror after he’d dried himself off, he could see a red mark on his chin where Bevan had punched him and his tongue explored the cut on the inside of his mouth.
After dressing, he left the steamy bathroom and went into the lounge. His father was in the kitchen and the kettle had boiled. Josh sat down at the dining table and held his head in his hands.
“Not much fun, is it?” his father said, as he spooned coffee granules into a cup.
“Don’t give me a lecture, Dad. Not now.”
“I don’t think I need to. The morning after is punishment enough.” He opened up the fridge door. “We’re out of milk. I’ll have to go to the store and get a bottle. You wait here. I won’t be long.”
Josh was about to tell his father to forget it when the phone rang. 
His father answered. “Yes, that’s fine,” he said after a few seconds. He looked down at his watch. “In the next half hour? Well, I suppose that’s alright. Yes, I’ll be here. See you later.”
He put down the phone and looked at Josh. 
“The real estate agent is bringing someone through the bach in half an hour.”
“Great,” Josh muttered. 
“I won’t be able to get the milk. Can you go and get me a litre from the store, Josh?”
Josh was about to tell his father to get lost, then remembered that someone was going to be invading his house. He’d prefer not to be around when they came through. 
“Yeah, sure,” he said, getting up from the table. “A walk will do me good,” he lied.
His father fished his wallet out of his back pocket and handed over a ten dollar note.
“Get some bread, as well. And the Herald, if they have it.”
Josh took the money and slipped on his jandals by the front door. The bright light stabbed at his eyes so he went back inside for his sunglasses then headed down the drive.
“Hey,” Hayden said as he fell into step beside Josh. “Where you going?” 
“To the store – for milk.”
“Going surfing today?”
“Don’t think so.”
“Why not?”
“Feeling sick.” 
 “You don’t look well.”
“Why are you so interested anyway? You don’t have to come with me. I can find the store by myself.”
“I just thought that I’d walk with you.”
“Then don’t talk, okay!”
Hayden shrugged and continued to walk alongside him in silence. After his initial resentment had subsided, Josh found he didn’t mind Hayden’s company. He felt rejected after the events of last night and Hayden’s presence convinced him that someone still wanted to be with him. 
Hayden spoilt it by starting to talk again just as they reached the bend in the road at the Lion’s tail.
“Doing anything with Gina today?” he asked.
“No, she left me,” Josh said.
“Oh,” Hayden said. “I thought she was really keen on you.”
 “I don’t really want to talk about it.”
They walked for a few seconds in silence. Then Josh realised that he wanted to talk to someone, tell someone about the hurt that he was feeling. Perhaps Hayden wasn’t a good choice, but there was no one else around.
“She left me for Bevan,” he said. “I went to a party last night. I drank too much. I think I passed out. When I tried to find Gina, she was in a bedroom with Bevan. He was trying to undress her.”
“What did you do?”
“Went in there to smash him up but his big brother came in and threw me out. I walked home.”
 “I could see she was no good,” Hayden said.
Josh looked at Hayden, perplexed. 
“What are you saying?” Josh stopped walking and faced Hayden. They were almost at the shop now - it was just across the road. 
“She was trying to prove something.”
“Prove what?” Josh asked.
“That she could get any one of the surfers on the beach. She decided to get you and she succeeded. She did it because she could. Did it to get back at Bevan.”
Josh looked at him, annoyed. What Hayden said was true. Just then a car went past them which Josh recognised as belonging to the real estate agent. A family was inside it and he knew where they were going. He stepped into the road and raised his middle finger at it but it carried on down the road and turned the corner, the occupants oblivious to his gesture.
“Bastards,” he said as he lowered his arm.
“Get off the road,” Hayden said, as he grabbed his arm.
 “Don’t touch me!” Josh tugged his arm away.
“Look out!” Hayden yelled as he tried to pull Josh off the road.
Only then did Josh hear the car coming up behind him. The brakes squealed as it bore down on him. He turned and could see the driver’s eyes wide in shock as the car skidded forward. The brakes had locked. Josh realised it was going to hit him and it was going to hit him hard. In the few seconds before the impact Josh knew with absolute certainty that he didn’t want to die


Chapter Twenty

Josh froze. Even though his mind told him to move, his body wouldn’t obey.  Two hands grabbed his shoulders and shoved him away. Instinctively he rolled, just as he did when he bailed off his skateboard. As he tumbled, he heard a sickening thud, followed by two loud bangs and the explosive sound of shattering glass. The car tyres were still screeching. The noise was so loud that it hurt his ears and he covered them with his hands as he rolled.
Then all was quiet. He wondered if he was dead. Perhaps the car had run him over while he was down and he hadn’t felt it because he’d died. He lay there on the road with his eyes closed, too scared to open them, and took his hands away from his ears. He could hear the tick-tick sound of a hot engine, and a voice saying over and over, “Oh, shit! Oh, shit!” 
Josh moved carefully. He was still breathing. He was able to think. His limbs moved when he commanded them. He was sore where he’d hit the road, but he was alive. He opened his eyes, turned over and looked at the car. It had travelled past him and he was now looking at the side door. He could see the driver inside, still clasping the wheel as Josh had seen him doing seconds earlier. He was staring straight ahead through a shattered windscreen and it was him that was swearing. 
“Hayden,” Josh called as he got to his feet. He couldn’t see him. “Hayden!” he yelled again, wiping the gravel from the palms of his hands. People were starting to appear and they were all looking at the road in front of the car. Josh moved so that he could see what they were looking at. 
He gasped. Hayden was lying in a crumbled heap in front of the bumper. Instantly Josh was kneeling beside Hayden, his hands hovering over him, not sure what to do.
“Don’t move him,” someone said.
“Do something!” he cried.
 “Someone’s gone to the surf club,” a male voice said from behind. “Do you know him?”
“Yes, it’s Hayden. He’s my friend.”
“He pushed you out of the way.” The voice continued. “I saw it.”
“I was stupid,” Josh said. “I didn’t look. The car was going to hit me.”
“It hit him instead.” The man came to stand alongside him. “His head hit the windscreen,” he added.
“Is he going to die?” Josh looked desperately for signs of breathing, but he couldn’t see Hayden’s chest moving. There was blood on Hayden’s shirt and when he looked down at Hayden’s legs he saw that one was bent at an odd angle. Blood flowed into Hayden’s hair from a deep gash on his forehead. 
Josh stood up. Panic was rising in his chest. He had to get away.
“His mother,” he said. “I have to get his mother.”
“Wait,” the man called, but Josh was gone. 
He ran down the road, ignoring the ache in his head, the stiffness in his hip and the stinging in his grazed hands. The agent’s car was in his drive and he ran around it, making for the bach next door where he flew up the steps to the front door and pounded on the wood.
“Josh!” Penny said as she opened the door. “What’s the matter?”
“Hayden,” he panted. “He’s been hit … by a car.”
Josh remembered then that Hayden had described his mother as being as fragile as an ice cream cone. He’d been right. Before his eyes, she crumbled, waving her hand before her face as if to ward off the bad news then, before he could offer help, she stood up straight and visibly braced herself.
“Where?” she asked.
“By the library,” he gasped. “He pushed me … it should have hit me … he …” He realised that he was rambling and stopped.
“We’ll take the car,” she said as she turned and grabbed a set of keys from a shelf at the door. “Come on, show me where.”
He got in the passenger side, relieved that he wasn’t the one making the decisions. He tried to slow down his gasping breaths as they sped off down the road. He was beginning to feel light-headed. Maybe he should have let Hayden’s mother go by herself and gone back home to lie down, but he had to know how Hayden was. As they rounded the corner, he saw that a crowd had now gathered. Someone was directing traffic around the scene. 
Penny pulled up and jumped out of the car, running towards the crowd, and Josh followed her as she made her way through.
“Oh, no!” she cried when she got to the front. “Hayden!” She crouched down beside him.
Hayden lay where he had fallen, with a blanket over him. Someone from First Response was at his head putting on a neck brace. A quad bike from the surf club was parked close by. The driver of the car was now out on the road and Chris was talking to him, but when Chris saw Josh he left the driver and came over to him. His expression was grim.
“You left the scene of an accident.”
“I went to get his mother.”
“You should leave that to the emergency services.”
“Is he going to be alright?” Josh asked.
“We won’t know how he is until they get him to the hospital. I’ve called for the rescue chopper. It should be here soon.”
“It’s all my fault,” Josh said.
“Witnesses say that you stepped in front in the car and that he pushed you out of the way. Is that true?”
“Yes. I just didn’t look. I think he tried to stop me.”
Josh felt hot tears running down his face. He started to shiver even though the day was not cold.
“I think you need looking at too,” Chris said.
“I’m alright.”
“No, you’re going into shock and you’re bleeding.”
Josh looked down at his arm. Blood was flowing from an open wound on his elbow. He hadn’t noticed it before. 
“Go and sit on the grass.” Chris turned and took another blanket from the quad bike and draped it over Josh’s shoulders before leading him to the side of the road. 
 “I’ll send someone to fetch your father,” Chris said.
As Chris turned to talk into his radio, Josh heard a siren from the top of the hill – an ambulance, or police, or both? He drew the blanket closer around him. In spite of the summer heat, he felt very cold. Chris stayed close to him and Josh didn’t know if that was to comfort him or prevent him from running away again. 
The rescue helicopter burst into view from over the hill and headed for a landing in the Domain. 
At that point Josh closed his eyes and tried to convince himself that it was all a horrible dream. 


Chapter Twenty-one

Josh sat on the sofa, staring at the opposite wall without seeing it. His father was in the kitchen, boiling the kettle again. A plastic bottle of milk stood on the bench. 
His father had arrived just as the helicopter landed in the Piha Domain. When the helicopter had left with Hayden and his mother on board, the ambulance officers had taken Josh to the back of the ambulance to check him out. They put dressings on his grazes and examined him for other injuries. Then his father drove them back to the bach in Penny’s car, which was now parked in their driveway, a reminder that it hadn’t been a dream.
His father walked over with a mug in his hand and put it down beside Josh who reached for it before noticing how badly his hand was trembling. The blanket around his shoulders slipped a little and his father pulled it back up. Josh held the cup in both hands and the liquid in it quivered like there was an earthquake under it. He took a sip of the hot sweet liquid and took a shuddering breath. He could fell the warmth travel down his gullet. 
A police car pulled up alongside Penny’s car and a policeman got out. His father went to the door to let him in.
“Do you want a coffee?” he asked him as the man entered and took off his hat.
“No, thank you. I’ll just have a quick word with Josh.”
He sat down in an armchair and pulled out a notebook and pen.
“Good to see you again, Josh.”  It was the same policeman who had been first on the scene after Bevan had beaten him up.  “Constable Woodward,” the man reminded him.
Josh grunted. He didn’t know if he could speak.
“Do you do the patrols out here?” Josh’s father asked, seeing that Josh couldn’t answer.
“Yes, I’m with the Henderson office, which does patrols out here. It was lucky that we were on the Anawhata Road when the call came through. We caught up with the ambulance just as it got to the top of the hill.” He looked down at his notes and then at Josh. “I’ve got statements from witnesses at the scene, but what can you tell me?”
“It shouldn’t have happened,” Josh said. “It’s all my fault. I didn’t listen. He was trying to tell me, trying to stop me. I wouldn’t listen. Just stupid, stupid, stupid.” The words gushed from his mouth like a broken dam. His hands shook as he spoke and spilled some of the coffee from the cup onto the blanket. Tears again pricked at his eyes. 
“Whoa, Josh,” the constable said. “Let’s start this from the beginning. Where were you going?”
Josh took a deep breath and started again. “I was going to the store. Dad sent me to get a bottle of milk.”
“And Hayden was with you?”
“We were walking together. I was in a bad mood. I didn’t want him to come, but he came anyway.”
He had to take a breath. He sipped at the coffee.
“We had an argument. I just wanted to get away. I didn’t hear the car. I think Hayden did. He tried to stop me. He grabbed my arm, but I pulled away. Then I stepped onto the road. There was a car coming straight for me. He pushed me out of the way. It hit … it hit Hayden instead.” The tears were flowing freely now. His father stood up, took the mug from Josh’s hand and placed it on the coffee table in front of him.
“Did the driver try to stop?” the policeman asked.
“Yes, he did. The wheels were squealing, it hurt my ears. But he couldn’t stop in time.”
“He didn’t try to swerve?”
“I don’t know if he could. We both froze, I guess. I couldn’t move. I remember looking straight into his face. That was about when Hayden pushed me. Why’d he do that? He must have known he’d get hit instead.” He was beginning to jabber again.
“I don’t know, Josh,” the constable said. “But that corroborates with what the witnesses saw. The driver of the car admitted that he was going a bit too fast. We have witnesses who estimate he was travelling at over sixty kilometres an hour when he went past the store. He’d come down the hill and when he got to the bottom, he took his foot off the brake and put it on the accelerator. He was going too fast in an area where there are a lot of people crossing. It’s not all your fault, Josh.”
“But if I hadn’t stepped out–”
“If he had been going slower, he might not have hit anyone at all,” Tim interrupted. “He would have been able to stop in time, might have been able to swerve away, might have had time to react.”
“But …” Josh started to say.
“You can’t blame yourself, Josh,” the constable said. 
“I didn’t deserve it,” Josh muttered.
“Deserve what?” the constable asked.
“What he did. He asked me to teach him to surf and I didn’t. He just wanted a friend and I ignored him. I wasn’t a good friend at all. I wasn’t a nice person. I shouted at him and I shouldn’t have.” He looked at the policeman but tears blurred his vision. “Is he going to be alright?”
“I haven’t heard yet, Josh, I’m sorry.” The constable said. “Our job is to report on the accident and press charges if necessary.”
“What about the driver?” his father asked.
“They’ve taken him to Henderson to be processed. At this stage he’s being charged with reckless driving causing injury. His licence was in order and the car was fully warranted so there are no other charges at this stage. We’ll have to see how Hayden does. All in all not a good start to New Year’s Eve,” he added ruefully. 
He stood up, pulled a card from his pocket and wrote on it. “Here’s my number and I’ve also put down the number for Victim Support. Just phone them if you need someone to talk to.”
He put the card down on the coffee table and turned to face Josh’s father.  “Thank you, Mr Talbot. What I’ve got from Josh will do for now, but he’ll have to come into the station to make a full statement. I’ll be in touch.”
 “Thank you, Constable,” his father said walking with him to the door. 
Josh reached for the cup of coffee and sipped from it. His hands still shook but he needed the warm liquid. Outside he could hear his father talking with the constable, heard his name mentioned and then the police car leave. 
His father returned. “The guys from the ambulance said you should rest today and no strenuous physical activity, so I guess that means no surfing. I’ll phone your mum.”
Josh nodded and finished off the tea. He was beginning to feel warmer now. He lay down on the sofa with a cushion under his head and listened as his father explained to his mother what had happened. His father put down the phone and looked over at Josh.
“She’s going to the hospital to see Penny. She’ll phone us back if she hears anything about Hayden.”
“Is she coming back here?”
“No, she made sure that you were okay and said that Penny might need her. She’s going to leave Cyndi there with your nana and see if there’s anything she can do.”
She doesn’t care about us,” Josh said.
“She thinks she would be more useful to Penny. It’s a women thing I think, to go to the aid of another woman in distress. Us men are better keeping out of it. Don’t worry, I’ll look after you, you’ll be all right.”
He ruffled Josh’s hair and, for once, Josh didn’t mind. He smiled. His old man wasn’t so bad after all.


Chapter Twenty-two

He couldn’t breathe. Water filled his nose and mouth. The leash of his board had snapped; his lifeline had gone. He couldn’t find the surface. He needed air. The light grew brighter and he struck out towards it. His hands found the open space above the water first, and then he burst through. He gulped air into his lungs. Across the water, a short distance away, he saw himself and his face reflected back his fear. Then the next wave took him and pushed him under, and this time he knew he wouldn’t surface. He felt a hand grip his wrist.
“Josh, Josh, wake up, for heaven’s sake.”
His father was staring down at him. 
He was on the sofa in the bach. He could breathe. He wasn’t drowning.
He took a deep, shuddering breath and said, “Just a dream.” 
“More like a nightmare.” His father released his wrist. “What was it about?”
“I keep dreaming that I’m drowning.”
“Drowning?”
“Yes, I’m in a hole and I can’t get out. It’s horrible.”
“It would be. Are you alright now?” His father looked worried.
“I think so.” His breathing returned to normal. He pushed back the blanket that covered him and, as he sat up, the memory of the accident came back to him. He wished that he could return to the oblivion of sleep.
His father looked like he was about to say something more, when the phone rang. 
“Yes, he’s okay,” Josh heard his father say. “He’s been sleeping.” He didn’t mention the dream.  “How’s things there?” His father frowned as he listened and Josh became apprehensive as he tried to read his father’s face.  “Yes, I’ll tell him.  You take care, love
His father looked over at him as he put down the phone.
“That was your mother. She’s phoning from the hospital. Hayden’s got a head injury, a broken leg and a broken rib which has punctured a lung. He’s in theatre. They’re going to put pins in his leg and repair the punctured lung. Your mother’s going to stay with Penny until Hayden comes out. She sends her love.”
“Can’t she come out here?” Josh asked. He knew it was childish, but at that moment he wanted his mother. 
“No. Penny’s in such a state that your mother doesn’t want to leave her.”
“She left us,” Josh pointed out.
“For God’s sake, Josh, stop being so damned selfish. The circumstances are different.”
“Why can’t she come back?”
“Josh, I really don’t want to argue. I don’t think you should be getting so stressed out either. They said you had to take it easy.”
Josh felt that the walls were beginning to close in on him. He had to get out. He stood up and headed for the door.
“Where are you going?” his father asked anxiously.
“To sit on the dunes and watch the sea.”
“You’re not going anywhere else, just to the dunes?”
“Yes, Dad, don’t worry. I’m not going to do anything stupid. I just need some space.”
“Take your hat,” his father said, holding it out to him.
Josh grabbed it and rammed it on his head as he went out the door onto the deck then across the road and over the sand dunes.
 He was hardly aware of the sea conditions and didn’t take note of where the waves were forming or whether the surf was good or bad. 
He sat down on the sand, crossed his legs and put his head in his hands. He let the tears come, the tears that he’d tried to keep inside since the accident.  He cried not only for Hayden, but the loss of his family stability and the inevitable loss of the bach. 
He knew now that there were some things over which he had control, and some over which he had no control. He could control his surfboard in the water, but he couldn’t control his father’s business. He could control the way he treated people, but he couldn’t control his parents’ relationship. He could control his emotions, but he couldn’t stop himself from being hurt. When it came down to it, he could only do something about those things over which he had control.  The rest he just had to learn to accept. 

Josh eventually ran out of tears and he wiped his face on the sleeve of his T-shirt. He looked out at the sea, noting the conditions for the first time. The weather system in the Tasman was having an effect on it. The waves were higher, the sea lumpy, the wind skimming the top of each wave as it broke. 
After watching the sea for a while, he decided it was time to go back inside. He wasn’t in the mood for surfing that day. 
He stood up, turned his back on the sea and made his way through the sand dunes.  His arm was sore and the side that Bevan had kicked was beginning to throb.  He had just reached the pohutukawa tree across the road from the bach when he saw the black convertible pulled into his drive. He stopped and watched as Gina got out of the car, walked to the bach, climbed the steps and halted at the front door. He saw his father come out to meet her and she handed him something. 
Josh stepped into the shadows of the pohutukawa tree as she made her way back to the car. Rhys was in the driver’s seat. There was no sign of Bevan. The car pulled out of the drive and headed away from the bach, on the road that would take it out of Piha. 
Only when the car was well out of sight did he walk slowly back to the house. His father held an envelope in his hand, which he handed to Josh as he came inside.
“Gina dropped this off,” his father said. “I told her you were out. I didn’t think you wanted to talk to her.”
“No, I didn’t. Thanks Dad.”
He’d told his father earlier that he’d broken up with Gina. He was thankful that his father hadn’t made any comment. 
He sat down and opened the envelope. Inside was a single sheet of paper with Gina’s handwriting on it. He could smell her perfume.
‘Dear Josh’ he read.
‘I wanted to talk to you, but when I rang your phone your Dad answered and said that you were out. Rhys is leaving soon to go to town so I’ll drop this off on the way out.
I’m going back into town and I’m not coming back. I can’t stay here anymore. I’m sorry, I need to sort out all this stuff in my head. Please ring me when you get back.
Love Gina
PS: I heard about the accident this morning. I hope Hayden will be okay.’

Josh screwed up the letter and threw it in the rubbish bin.
“What was it?” his father asked.
“Junk mail,” Josh replied, and went to his room. He couldn’t deal with Gina just yet. It would have to wait.


Chapter Twenty-three

They were having dinner when the phone rang again. His father answered it and Josh soon realised that it was his mother, updating them about Hayden’s progress. He was unable to ascertain anything about Hayden’s condition by his father’s conversation, but his face was grim. Eventually he said goodbye and put down the receiver. Josh pushed his plate away. Suddenly he wasn’t hungry. He looked at his father expectantly.
“Hayden is out of theatre,” his father said. “He’s on a ventilator to help his breathing and he’s in a drug-induced coma. He’s in intensive care. Penny’s going to stay the night. Your mother will go back to the hospital in the morning. She’ll give us a ring then.”
“Did she say when she’s coming back here?”
“She didn’t say so, although she did say they’d have to get Penny’s car back to the city. I told her we had the keys. She says she’ll talk to Penny about it in the morning and in the meantime we’ll just leave it here.”
“We won’t be going anywhere.”
“No, I guess we won’t. You finished?” his father asked, indicating the plate in front of Josh with the half-eaten food on it.
“Yep. I just lost my appetite,” he said, and got up from the table. He carried his plate to the kitchen and was rinsing it under the tap when the phone rang again. Josh stiffened and stared at the instrument. If it was his mother so soon after the last call then it could only be to give them bad news. Although he was closer to the phone, he let his father answer it, too afraid to pick it up himself.
“Yes,” his father said when the caller had identified himself. He looked up at Josh’s anxious face and shook his head. It wasn’t his mother.
“Well, my lawyer has to sign it,” his father explained, and then Josh realised that he was talking to the real estate agent.
“He’s back on Monday. Yes, I guess we could do that” his father continued. After a few moments, he said goodbye and put down the phone.
Josh leant against the kitchen counter and looked at his father expectantly. His father didn’t say anything at first, just stared out of the window at the road and the dunes beyond. When his father spoke, he continued to look outside.
“The people who came through today are very keen to put in an offer on the bach. The agent wanted to know who had the authority to sign on the sale and purchase agreement.”
“Who does?”
“Myself and the lawyer, who isn’t back until after New Year.”
“So no one can do anything?”
“Not yet, no.” 
“But later, when the lawyer gets back. What happens then?”
“Then it could be sold.”
Josh considered this in silence. He could feel his anger mounting again. He tried not to let it get to him, but the events of the day hadn’t done much for his self-control. He felt tired and washed out. His patience and ability to deal with bad news was almost non-existent.
“I can’t believe it’s come to all this,” he said, trembling. “Everything we had. Just gone.”
His father turned from the window to look at him and said, “I wish I could change things for you, Josh, but I can’t.”
“You’ve ruined everything,” Josh said as he made for the door.
“Josh!” his father shouted, but he was already out on the deck. He strode off down the driveway, ignoring his father. He reached the road and headed off in the direction of Lion Rock. 
He hadn’t gone far before his pace slowed and he stopped. He remembered he’d done this before, too many times before, and he was sick of it. When he was a boy he’d thought his father was great, that he was rich and successful, and it had made him feel secure. He was angry because his father had fallen from that pedestal and shown himself to be human and fallible. But Josh knew that he wasn’t perfect himself. After all the support his father had given him that day, it was only fair that he go back and be there for his father.
He turned and headed back. Although the sun was setting and it was getting dark, the lights in the bach hadn’t been turned on. He walked slowly up the steps to the deck and through the open door. He couldn’t see his father at first, then, as his eyes adjusted to the dim light in the room, he saw that his father was in the armchair, hunched over, his head in his hands. He was crying.
Josh was shocked, as shocked as he had been when he had come home from the skate park in the dark and discovered his father alone in the family room. That night he’d run up the stairs, away from his father, and he wanted to do that again now, but he didn’t. 
He shuffled forward. His father hadn’t heard him come in. Josh reached out his hand and laid it on his father’s shoulder. 
His father visibly jumped, turning round to see who it was.
“Josh,” he gulped. “I thought you’d gone.”
“I came back.”
“Why?”
 “I got tired of leaving,” Josh said. “I decided it was time to stop running away. My problems are still here when I get back.”
His father stood and hugged him tightly. Josh, surprised at first, returned the embrace and the tension that had built up in him during the day eased. This is what he had needed – a hug. He’d wanted one from his mother, that’s why he wanted her back, but the hug had instead come from his father who hadn’t embraced him in years. 
“Do you think that we can learn to get on with each other?” his father asked.
“We can try,” Josh said. “I just get so angry with you sometimes.”
“I could say the same of you, Josh,” his father countered. “It’s not easy for either of us, all these changes.”
“No, it’s not,” Josh agreed. “We can give it a go.”
“Perhaps we can.”

Later they walked to South Piha together, where they could hear the people gathered at the baches for New Year’s Eve parties. The Surf Club was open for the night and his father went inside, but Josh stayed outside, standing on the top of the dunes by the road and watching the waves. The swell was certainly large now and the northwest wind was making it bigger. The waves sounded angry, as if they resented being pushed up onto the black sand.
“Not thinking of going out there, are you?” a voice asked from behind him.
“No, Chris, I’m not.” He turned and smiled at the lifesaver who had come to stand alongside him.
“Want one?” he asked Josh, indicating the beer in his hand.
“No, I’ve given up on them for a while,” Josh said.
“Well, you can stand as lookout for me. If you see a cop car, yell out. There’s a liquor ban out here in the carpark, but I saw your father inside and he said you were out here. How is your friend?”
“They operated on him and he’s in intensive care. My mother’s at the hospital with Hayden’s mother, so she’s been keeping us up to date. She’s going to phone us tomorrow.”
“We’ll just wait then.” Chris looked up at the stars. “It’s New Year’s Eve. Any resolutions?”
“Stay away from beer,” Josh said with a laugh, “and girls that come on too strong.”
“Sounds like you’re talking from experience.”
“Maybe.”
“I’ve got one for you,” Chris suggested. “How about becoming a lifesaver?”
Josh sighed and rolled his eyes at Chris. “You say that every year.”
“Every year,” Chris nodded.  “Since you were small.  I remember when your dad brought you here as a kid.”
“That was a long time ago.”
“You stopped coming.”
“I started surfing.”
“You had potential then, even as a nipper.  And now, with your knowledge and experience of Piha, you’d make an excellent lifeguard.  And you’d learn first aid and know what to do when someone got hit by a car.”
 “Good try. The problem is we’re selling the bach. Where am I going to find a place to stay?”
“That’s no excuse, Josh. You know we have the bunk rooms at the back of the club house. Any of the lifeguards can use it. You get to stay down here and we’ll look after you. It’ll be a blast.”
“But I’ll have to stand on the beach and patrol instead of being out surfing.”
“You’ll get plenty of time for surfing. Anyway, can you think of a better way to spend the summer than down here at the beach?”
“I’ll think about it,” Josh said.
“You say that every year,” Chris said and laughed. “So, what are you doing tonight?”
“Believe it or not, I’m going to bed.”
“You’ve got to be joking,” Chris said.
“No, I’m really whacked. And I want to go surfing early tomorrow.”
“That’s best. The wind’s going to change before midday, at about low tide, and when it does, it’s going to get messy.”
“Thanks for the advice,” Josh said. He turned as he heard his father exiting the surf club, shouting goodbye to someone inside. “I’ll see you later.”
“Yeah, see you next year,” Chris said as he headed in the direction of the surf club, chuckling at his own joke. He just made it inside before a cop car cruised around the car park.


Chapter Twenty-four

It was a new day and a new year. Josh had had a restless night, but it wasn’t his usual nightmare that had troubled him. It was the sound of the braking car and the thud of the body slamming against it. Whenever he closed his eyes, he heard it so he gave up on sleep and left the bach early before his father woke.
 Now he stood on the beach and looked out at the waves. There were few people out and only a couple of surfers in the water. It was too early for the day-trippers and most residents appeared to be still in bed, recovering from their New Year’s Eve hangovers. 
The wind was offshore again, catching the spray from the breaking waves and throwing it backwards, creating a plume that Josh’s father called horses’ manes. The tide was starting to come in and the waves were just over 3 metres high, but the surfers already out there seemed to be handling it well. It was too early for the lifeguards to be on duty, but Josh found Chris on the beach watching the waves. Josh stood alongside him and asked, “How was the party?”
“Wicked,” Chris said as he turned to him. “You going in?”
“Yeah, I think I can handle it.”
“Just be careful. The bar’s moved and there’s a hole just there,” Chris said, pointing out to the waves to the left of Lion Rock. “If you get caught in that, you may be under for a while. Keep close to the Camel and you should be sweet. The wind is going to pick up later, probably closer to high tide, and the surf will get bigger too. It’s best you go out now while you can. It’ll be too rough later.”
“Thanks,” Josh acknowledged.
“How’s Hayden? Have you heard?”
“No, I haven’t. I guess Mum will phone later.”
The urge to surf that morning had been strong. He didn’t want to be in the house when his mother phoned, in case the news was bad. He just wanted to lose himself in the water for a while. Even the mention of the hole was not enough to keep him out. For a second he thought of his nightmare then he shook his head as if trying to loosen the memory from his mind.
 “Well, you take it easy out there,” Chris said.  “I want my breakfast before I have to rescue anyone.
Josh watched him go then studied the sea around the hole that Chris had talked about. The sea in that area was disturbed and appeared, at times, to form a vortex. He’d have to make sure that he stayed away from it. He didn’t want to end up fulfilling the prophecy of his nightmare.
 He’d just finished stretching and was about to pick up his board when he was suddenly pushed from behind so hard that he fell onto the sand. Looking up behind him, he thought it was Chris playing a trick on him, but it was Bevan who was standing over him. The roar of the sea had been so loud that he hadn’t heard him approach. Bevan was wearing a wetsuit and Josh could see his surfboard on the sand behind him.
“I’ve been looking for you,” Bevan said. 
“So, you found me,” Josh replied as he got up. For some reason he didn’t feel as afraid of Bevan as he used to. He couldn’t decide whether he was stronger or Bevan was weaker. “It’s a bit early for you, isn’t it?”
“I haven’t been to bed yet,” Bevan said proudly. “I’ve been partying all night. We’ve decided to do some surfing before we hit the sack.”
Josh looked beyond Bevan to see Mitch and Scott coming down the ramp from the carpark, then turned to Bevan and said, “So what do you want?”
 “I want you to stay away from my girlfriend.”
“Which one?” Josh said as faced him.
“Gina, of course, punk. She’s mine and don’t you forget it. She was only using you. She went after you because she knew how much I’d hate it. She was right. Now don’t screw around with her.”
“It’s you that’s screwing around with her.”
“Say that again, asshole,” Bevan said as he came closer, raising his fist.
“Bevan,” Mitch whispered, now standing just behind him. “That lifeguard’s watching us.”
Bevan glanced behind him at the same time as Josh looked up. Chris was staring at them from the patrol deck. Bevan stepped back.
“Okay, dickhead you’ll get away with it this time, but next time you won’t have your bodyguard around and then I’ll get you.”
Josh watched them walk away towards Pakiti. He thought about warning them about the hole out in the water, but decided against it. They’d find out for themselves. It would serve them right. With a wave of acknowledgement to Chris, he ran into the sea.
The waves battered him about as soon as he got into the water. He could feel the strong backwash as the body of water moved back after the crash of the waves onto the shore. The rip was not in its usual place, close to Pakiti Rock, but towards the centre of the beach. He paddled into the rip and felt the power of the water below him. He had to be careful because the rip could easily pull him down under the water as much as carry him out. He was confident that he could handle the conditions, but he looked back to see if Bevan had braved it out. 
Bevan was in the water being buffeted by the relentless waves. He was the only one who’d made it into the water. Mitch and Scott were on the beach with their boards under their arms watching Bevan paddle out. 
Josh looked towards the oncoming waves. His body pumped with adrenaline, excited at the thought of riding these incredible waves. Surf like this tested a surfer’s ability to stay on his board and conquer the implacable sea. Josh was up for the challenge.
He selected his wave carefully and took off as he felt it building beneath him. Then he was cutting across the shoulder and flying up to the lip where he rode the breaking wave in a classic floater. But he hung on for too long and was caught in the turbulence of the falling lip. He wiped out and was thrust under. He surfaced on the back of the wave, spluttering, and immediately turned back to catch another one.
Josh lost count of how many waves he rode in, sometimes riding the waves to the shallows and sometimes wiping out, but always ready to go again whichever way he ended up. The conditions were risky, but with the risk came excitement and the knowledge that he could harness the power of the wave for his own pleasure, if only for a short time. 
He passed Bevan a few times. He hadn’t caught many rides and Josh noticed that each time Bevan paddled back out, he appeared to be flagging. Josh wondered why Bevan didn’t get out as he was clearly not strong enough to handle the conditions. Perhaps he felt the need to show that he was Josh’s equal in the water. He wasn’t doing a good job. 
When he caught another ride, Josh saw that Bevan was drifting very close to the hole. He considered shouting out a warning, but remained silent. Bevan could find out for himself. He owed Bevan no favours. 
Josh positioned himself for another takeoff, watching the wave building up behind him. It was a beauty, stretching over 4 metres high and perfectly formed; a tower of water that was either going to dump him or carry him. He prepared to take off then glanced to his side as he became aware that something wasn’t right. 
Bevan was in the water, not on his board, and he was about to be overtaken by the wave. He was staring up at the lip curling above him with fear in his face. Josh knew he was in the impact zone where he would be hit hardest by the breaking wave and that he was dangerously close to the hole.
“Look out!” Josh shouted, but it was too late.
The wave crashed down on top of Bevan, before Josh was also caught by it and tossed around in its turbulence until he surfaced in the clean water behind it. He looked around, disorientated, and tried to find Bevan amongst the crashing waves. But he’d gone. He’d been swallowed by the hole. 
 

Chapter Twenty-five

Josh looked around but the other surfers hadn’t seen what had happened. He was the only one close enough to see the wave break over Bevan, and the only one close enough to do anything. He raised his arm towards the shore in the internationally recognised gesture of distress and hoped that Chris had seen it. He didn’t wait to see if anyone reacted. 
Bevan’s surfboard was a short distance away, rising and falling on the waves. Josh paddled over to it and grabbed at the leash. It was light in his hand and when he pulled it the end came up, snapped close to where it met the ankle strap. Bevan had become separated from it and had to be in the hole somewhere, trapped by the water that had pushed him down.
On the shore the lifeguards were launching the inflatable, but it would take them a few minutes to get out to where Josh was and Bevan had been under for a long time already. Josh made an instant decision. He dived down into the sea, even though he was close to the hole and in danger of being pulled into it. He hoped that his board, floating on the surface, would help him get back up if he got pulled in. That was if his leash didn’t snap, as Bevan’s had.
He held his breath for as long as he could, searching, unable to see anything but the murky water and the bubbles swirling around. He surfaced, taking in great mouthfuls of air, hoping that Bevan had surfaced, but there was no sign of him. Anxiously, he looked towards the shore. The inflatable was having difficulty getting out. The waves were throwing it up and back towards the shore. He could hear the sound of the outboard engine revving as it was catapulted clear out of the water before slamming back down again. 
Every second counted. Josh dived down again. The currents pitched him around until he didn’t know which way was up. If he wasn’t careful, he was going to be dragged under, board and all. He clawed at the water and found himself back on the surface where he took a deep breath. The inflatable was making progress at last, but it would still be a while before it reached him. A few seconds that Bevan didn’t have. 
Suddenly Bevan surfaced over to Josh’s right. His eyes were open wide in terror and his mouth gaped open as he gulped in air. He looked directly at Josh, his face pleading as he clawed at the water in a movement Josh knew the life guards called ‘climbing the ladder’ - the action of desperate people in a drowning situation. 
Josh made his way over to him, fighting against the water that pushed him away. A wave was building up, he could feel it behind him and he knew he had to reach Bevan before it closed over both of them or Bevan would be lost. 
Seeing Josh coming towards him, Bevan struck out, but made little progress. He kept his eyes on Josh’s face, his fear plainly visible in the wide, terror-stricken eyes. The wave was close now, but Bevan was still too far away. Josh stretched out his hand towards Bevan, desperate to grab him before the wave descended on them, but aware also that they could both be dragged down.
The wave crashed over them as Josh grabbed Bevan’s wrist and then he was dragged under and pulled along towards Bevan. Josh clasped Bevan’s wrist firmly as they were tossed around. The water pushed them down together. As the wave passed over them Josh kicked frantically, struggling to get to the surface, with Bevan’s weight pulling him down. If he didn’t reach the surface soon he would have to let go of Bevan’s hand and leave him to the sea or he would drown too.
Memories of his nightmare came to him and he could feel his panic rising. He struck out and surfaced at last. He tilted his head back to clear his nose and mouth of water while he took in mouthfuls of air. He couldn’t raise himself up as Bevan’s weight held him down like an anchor. He wondered why Bevan wasn’t surfacing beside him and he tugged at his arm, but Bevan remained under the water. 
The inflatable shot out in front of him with Brendan at the front. “Arms up, arms up!” he shouted as he leant over the bow of the boat.
 “Not me,” Josh called back. “Bevan … he won’t come up.”
Brendan briefly glanced across to the incoming waves, grabbed the buoyancy tube and dropped into the water beside Josh. 
“Where is he?” he asked.
“I’ve got him. He’s under water,” Josh said in desperation, looking beyond the inflatable to the oncoming waves. “Hurry, I can’t hold him much longer.”
Brendan dived under the water and felt his way down Josh’s arm until he reached Bevan. There were a few tugs on Josh’s arm before the weight of Bevan’s body was released and he was able to let go of his wrist. Josh pulled his surfboard towards him and climbed onto it as Bevan surfaced with the buoyancy tube now around his chest. His eyes were closed, his lips were a shade of blue and he was clearly unconsciousness. His body was limp and Josh was sure that he wasn’t breathing.
Brendan pushed Bevan towards the inflatable while still keeping a hand on the buoyancy belt. The driver reached down and held Bevan against the inflatable while Brendan pulled himself up and into the boat. With one eye on the advancing waves, he tugged at the belt under Bevan’s armpits while the driver reached for his legs to pull him up and over the pontoons. It happened so fast that Josh had no time to even offer help. 
“What about you?” Brendan called to Josh once they had Bevan in the boat.
“I’m fine. Get going.”
Without another word the lifeguards turned the inflatable towards the shore and raced away from him. As they moved, Brendan leaned over the body in the bottom of the boat and Josh knew that he had started rescue breathing. Full CPR couldn’t begin until they got Bevan onto the shore. 
As Josh watched them approach the shore break, Brendan gave the ‘assistance required’ signal and Josh knew that it was serious. He paddled forward and caught the next wave in. 
By the time he reached the beach, Bevan had been taken out of the inflatable and placed on the sand. A crowd gathered to watch as the lifeguards began CPR. 
Josh carried his board out of the shallows and approached the crowd. He could see Brendan applying mouth-to-mouth resuscitation while another lifeguard pressed down rhythmically on Bevan’s breastbone. Lifeguards were running down onto the sand with the equipment required for resuscitation. It looked hopeless. Josh turned away and sat down on the sand.
He felt a hand on his shoulder.
“Great job you did out there, mate,” Chris said, standing over him.
“But he’s been down too long,” Josh said in despair.
“Don’t give up yet,” Chris said.
The radio crackled and Chris answered it. To Josh’s ears the words sounded scratchy and distorted but Chris seemed to understand.
“Yeah, unconscious, non-breathing,” Chris said into the radio, then looked down at Josh and moved away. “Yes, requesting immediate evacuation,” he added.
Josh didn’t hear the rest of the conversation. He was trembling. He felt sick. He remembered the feeling of being under water and of not being able to breathe. The memories of his recurring nightmare came back to him and he shuddered. 
A ripple of talk went through the crowd and Josh glanced over. Between people’s legs he could see that Bevan had been turned onto his side and when they rolled him back he was coughing. He couldn’t believe it. It didn’t seem possible that Bevan could be breathing again after so long. Chris was again talking into the radio as he walked back towards Josh.
 “What’s the ETA on the chopper?” he said into the radio.
The radio crackled an answer. Chris confirmed it and then squatted down beside Josh. “See, I told you,” he said.
“Is he going to be okay?” Josh asked.
“The helicopter will pick him up and take him to hospital. In the meantime, I’ve got First Response and an ambulance on its way. Near-drownings can stop breathing after being resuscitated so we’ll have to keep an eye on him.” Chris looked over to where Bevan lay, now covered with a thermal blanket, before he continued. “This is the second serious incident in two days that you’ve been involved in, Josh. If it happens again, I’ll have to wrap ‘danger’ tape around you and ban you from the beach.”
“If you’re trying to cheer me up, you’re not succeeding,” Josh said. 
“Then I’ll give you something to do. Come on, help me clear the beach so that the helicopter can land.”
 

Chapter Twenty-six

 After the helicopter had left, Josh let Chris lead him to the surf club. Chris gave him a coke and made him sit down. Mitch and Scott had been sent back to the bach to tell Bevan’s parents what had happened and where he was being taken.  They said they would stop off at Josh’s house to tell his father to come collect him. 
As Josh sipped his coke, Brendan and the driver of the inflatable came to join them. “Good work,” Brendan said, slapping him on the back.
“I don’t know if I did much good,” Josh said.
“Are you kidding?” Brendan said. “That guy would be dead if it wasn’t for you. The delays in getting out there in that surf, then searching for him … man, we wouldn’t have had a chance.”
“But he died out there, didn’t he?” Josh asked Brendan. “He’d stopped breathing. I know that.”
“Yes, but his heart was still going. But another few seconds and that would have stopped too. Once that happens, we’ve no hope of getting him back. The extra time you gave us saved his life.”
“I suppose this is where you say, this is what lifesaving is all about?” Josh said to Chris.
“It’s not always like this. It’s more like watching and waiting for something bad to happen and then hoping that it doesn’t.”
“But it does.”
“Yes, it does and that’s when it feels like you’re doing something worthwhile. You should try it one day.”
“Perhaps I will.” Josh looked up as a familiar figure came into the clubhouse.
“Josh!” It was his father. He rushed up to Josh and put his hands on his shoulders. “They said you’d almost drowned.”
“Drowned? No, not me. Bevan.”
“Bevan? Who’s Bevan?”
“He’s the guy … the guy that beat me up.” Josh thought it was about time he let his father know.
“He’s here?”
“Not any more. The chopper took him to hospital.”
“I don’t understand. What was he doing here and why didn’t you tell me?”
“Do you think I was going to tell you that? We haven’t been getting on too well lately, have we? Come on, let’s go home. I’ll tell you on the way. Cheers, Chris.”
They left the clubhouse and Josh told his father about Bevan and the beating and the past few days at Piha. When he’d finished he felt better. He was grateful that his father passed no comment, but instead listened almost silently, only interrupting when he wanted to clarify a point. 
“And you saved him,” he said when Josh had finished.
‘I couldn’t let him drown,” 
“No, I guess you couldn’t. I … just …” His father hesitated.
“What, Dad?”
“You saved someone’s life today. You’re not a boy any more. You’re a young man.” 
“I have to save someone’s life to grow up?”
“No, it’s me, not you,” his father said, shaking his head. “You’re growing up and I have to remind myself of that.” He placed his arms on Josh’s shoulder. “You know, it’s hard for us parents to admit our children are growing up.”
“Why?”
His father smiled and said, “Because it means we’re getting older.”
Josh laughed as they turned into the driveway. A familiar car was parked in front of the bach.
“Hey, that’s Mum’s car!” 
She came out onto the deck as they approached. 
“Mum!” Josh cried and put his surfboard down so that he could run to her. He threw his arms around her and hugged her tightly.
“Goodness, Josh, I can’t remember the last time you hugged me. What is it? What’s the matter?”
“It’s a long story, Mum. I’ll tell you later.” He stepped back. “I’m glad you came back.”
“I brought Penny back. She’s next door.”
“Is Hayden all right?” Josh asked, thinking it ominous that Penny was at the bach and not at the hospital. 
“He’s holding his own,” his mother said with a smile. “It’s just a matter of watching and waiting. Penny thought she’d come back, pack up the house and collect the car. Once Hayden wakes up, she won’t want to leave him so this seemed to be her only opportunity.”
“What about you?” his father asked softly, coming to stand alongside Josh. “Are you going back with her?”
She turned to him.
“No, I’m not going back. When I woke up this morning I knew I needed to be back here.” She looked at Josh. “If it was you that had been injured in that accident, I wouldn’t have been able to forgive myself for not being here.” She held out her hand to his father. “No matter what we have to face in the future, we have to face it together.” Josh stepped back as his parents embraced. 
Cyndi came out onto the deck and Josh scooped her up. She giggled and he smiled. His family was complete. 


Chapter Twenty-seven

The next day his father drove them all into the city. Constable Woodward had phoned the previous day and asked that Josh come to the police station to give a full statement. When he was finished his mother insisted that he should visit Hayden. He didn’t want to go. To see Hayden and his mother would mean acknowledging the way he had treated Hayden and admitting that it hadn’t been much better than the way Bevan had treated him. He also had to deal with the guilt that it should have been him who was hit by the car and not Hayden.  But he knew he would have to face up to it. 
At the hospital, his mother led the way down the corridor and stopped at a door. “He’s in here,” she whispered. “I’ll check that it’s okay.”
Josh hung back with his father who was holding Cyndi’s hand. Even she was silenced by the hush in the hospital ward. Josh shivered in the cool air. There was an aura of death in the intensive care ward as if the souls of those who lay fighting for their lives were hovering in the atmosphere. 
His mother came back out of the room, leaving the door open for Josh.
“Penny says it’s fine,” she said, signalling for Josh to come forward.
He hesitated, then his father gave him a little push from behind and he stumbled forward. After that, his legs carried him through the door and into the intensive care room. 
The sight of Hayden on the bed pulled him up short. There were tubes all over the place and machines that beeped, bopped, squeaked and hissed. The lower half of his body was covered with a curved tent over which a blanket was draped. There was music coming from a portable CD player in the corner. The door closed behind him. 
“Hello, Mrs Wade,” Josh said softly. “How is he?”
“They think he’s going to be alright. It’s just a matter of waiting for him to wake up. They say that the hearing is the first of the senses to return and I just didn’t want the first sound he heard to be all these machines, so I brought some of his music down.”
“I didn’t know he liked Coldplay,” Josh said, thinking there were probably a lot of other things he didn’t know about Hayden.
“Yes, he does. I don’t like it myself, but at this moment I don’t care. It’s just good to have him still here with me.”
“I’m sorry, Mrs Wade. It’s my fault he was hit.” He hesitated. “I’m afraid I wasn’t a good friend,” he admitted.
“He seemed to like you,” she said. “He talked about you a lot and how you were teaching him to surf.”
“But I wasn’t very nice to him,” Josh blurted out. He could feel tears stinging his eyes.
“It’s all right, Josh.” Penny said as she reached for his hand and clasped it tightly. “He was tired of everyone being nice to him because his father had died. Sometimes people don’t know how to deal with someone who’s going through grief, but Hayden said you treated him as if none of that stuff had happened.  He always knew where he stood with you.”
“I guess that’s true but I hope I can make it up to him,” he said, glancing over at Hayden. He didn’t like looking at the inert body, so still in the bed apart for the rise and fall of his chest. 
“I’m sure you can, but it won’t be for some time yet,” she said. “We’ve got a long way to go, but please come and visit as much as you can. When Hayden wakes up I’m sure he’d like someone other than me to talk to.”
“I’ll do that, Mrs Wade,” he said knowing he was being told of a way to make amends. “He was a good friend to me and at least I can be a friend to him.”
She nodded and he knew that he should leave. He turned to the door, leaving the small room with its disturbing noises and entering the peacefulness of the hospital corridor. His family sat on a row of plastic hospitals chairs just outside. 
“The nurse said that the boy you rescued yesterday is here as well,” his mother said. “He’s asking for you.”
“I don’t want to see him,” Josh said.
“I think you should,” his mother insisted, and he found himself being led by his mother towards the stairwell. They went down two floors and ended up in an open ward. His mother spoke to the nurse at the duty desk who pointed down the row of beds. 
“Thank you,” she said to the nurse and turned to Josh. “Third bed from the left. He’s only allowed one visitor at a time so we’ll meet you in the café downstairs.”
Josh nodded and his family left. He was unsure. He didn’t want to face Bevan again, he’d had quite enough of the bully in the last few days and part of him was glad that he was lying in a hospital bed.
But he knew that Bevan had almost died and that even bullies don’t deserve to drown. He forced himself to walk forward to the bed where Bevan lay, apparently asleep. 
A woman, possibly Bevan’s mother, was sitting next to the bed reading a magazine and she looked up at him as he approached.
“Yes?” she asked.
“I … I’m Josh. I helped Bevan yesterday.”
Her hostile look vanished. She dropped the magazine and stood up with a smile on her face.
“Josh! I understand you pulled him out of the water. You deserve a reward. What would you like?”
“I … um … don’t need anything,” Josh said, surprised. “I’m just here to talk to Bevan.”
“Oh, yes, he’s been asking for you.” She leant over and shook Bevan’s shoulder. “Bevan, Josh is here,” she said as he opened his eyes. She smiled at Josh and said, “I’ll go and get some coffee so you two can talk,” and moved off down the row of beds. 
Bevan watched her go. Josh noticed that the whites of his eyes were bloodshot, his face was pale and there was still a blue tinge around his lips. A plastic tube fed oxygen into his nostrils and Josh could hear it hissing as it passed through the regulator attached to the wall at the head of the bed.
“Has she gone?” Bevan asked, looking around. His voice was raspy.
“Your mum? Yes, she’s gone.”
“Thank goodness, she’s driving me crazy. Anyone would think I died or something.”
“You did,” Josh said as he sat in the chair Bevan’s mother had vacated.
“Yes, I guess, I did,” Bevan said as he closed his eyes again. “I’m so tired” he said, his voice faint. “But I can’t sleep. I keep thinking I’m back in the sea, going under, trying to reach the top and not getting there.” He hesitated, breathing in deeply, catching his breath. “If I fall asleep, I see your face, and your hand reaches for me, but I never quite grab it. Then I wake with a jolt. It takes ages for me to realise I’m not in the water anymore.”
 “You’re not in the water,” Josh said, not knowing what else to say.
“No, thanks to you, I’m not,” Bevan said, turning his head to look at Josh. “You saved my life.”
Josh shrugged. Bevan was silent and closed his eyes. Josh thought he was drifting off to sleep until Bevan asked, “Do you believe in life after death?”
“Well … er … yes … I guess so.”
“When I was on the beach,” Bevan continued, his eyes open and looking directly at Josh, “when they were doing CPR, I had that whole out-of-body experience. You know, floating above my own body, looking down on everything. I saw you sitting on the sand and I could hear Chris talking to you. There was a light and everything was so … so … peaceful. I wasn’t scared.” He stopped and coughed. 
Josh leant back in the chair. This wasn’t the Bevan he knew. 
“Don’t look at me like that, Josh. I haven’t gone mad,” Bevan said. “You’re the only one I’ve told this to. I died out there, I know I did.”
“But you didn’t.” Josh leaned forward. “This may sound strange, but I had dreamt about what happened to you.”
“What?”
“I kept having this dream that I was drowning. I began to think it was a premonition. Last night I realised that the dream was the same as what happened to you. It’s the strangest thing and I still don’t understand it.”
“Up there with the out-of-body experience?”
“Perhaps,” Josh said with a shrug. “I didn’t have the dream again last night. I don’t think I ever will.”
 “Listen, I owe you something,” Bevan said. “I’ll leave you alone and if Gina wants to go out with you … well … I guess you could.”
“I don’t know that she does.”
“I thought you two were tight?”
“I thought so, but now I’m not so sure. It was you she wanted. She didn’t try to stop Rhys throwing me out, did she?”
“No, I guess not.”
“There’s just one thing.”
“What?”
“If she’s going to be your girlfriend, then go easy on her. She may not know what she wants, but it’s not me. I don’t know what you two were fighting about, but maybe you should forget it and start again.”
Bevan was quiet after Josh had said this and Josh thought his speech had been wasted on him. He might as well have talked to the wall. Perhaps Bevan hadn’t changed after all. 
Then Bevan surprised him. “I promise to go easy on her,” Bevan said. “Thanks, man, for saving my life. I didn’t deserve it.”
“I couldn’t let you drown,” Josh said, echoing the words he’d spoken to his father.
“Oh yes you could after all I did to you.” Bevan looked towards the doorway of the ward and said, “Uh-oh, here she comes.” 
Josh turned and saw Bevan’s mother coming back into the ward. 
“My Mum thinks everything can be solved with the application of money,” Bevan said, his voice becoming softer. He was tiring. “I heard her when you got here. She’ll be offering you the crown jewels next. Tell her I’m asleep, will you?”
Josh got up from the chair as Bevan’s mother came closer.
“Well, did you talk?” she asked.
“Yes, but he’s gone to sleep,” Josh said, stepping away from the bed. “When is he getting out of here?” 
“They’re keeping him in for another twenty-four hours, so he’ll be leaving tomorrow.”
“That’s good,” Josh said.
“Did you have a think about what you would like as a reward?” Bevan’s mother asked as Josh turned to go. 
He looked at her and smiled.
“Yes,” he said. “I’d like Bevan keep his promise.”
“His promise?” she said, puzzled. “What promise?”
“He knows.”
“Is that all?” she asked.
“Yes,” Josh said looking over at the bed. Bevan, lying with his eyes closed, smiled. Josh knew that he’d heard. He backed away from the bed and walked between the aisle of beds to the lifts at the end of the ward. He found his father standing there, waiting for him. 
“I thought you’d gone to the café,” Josh said.
“No, I decided to wait for you. How did that go?”
Josh shrugged. “Strange. He’s different.”
“Almost drowning can do that, I guess. I remember when you first started to learn how to surf, I’d be there on the beach every day to watch you, to make sure you didn’t get into trouble. I was frightened you’d die out there.”
“You don’t have to watch me anymore.”
The lift arrived. It was empty. They got in and his father pressed the button for the ground floor.
“I know that now, Josh.” He put his arm across Josh’s shoulders. “Suddenly you’re all grown up.”
“Not grown up enough to stop making mistakes.”
“We all make mistakes, Josh, even when we’re older. The thing is to learn from the mistakes and move on.”
“Are we moving on?”
“I think we are. We’ll make it through this, Josh.”
Josh turned to him. They were eye to eye; the same height.
“I know we will, Dad. You know I think I’ll take Chris up on his offer.”
“What offer?”
The offer to stay in the surf club in the holidays in return for lifesaving duties.”
“Trust you to find a way to stay in Piha even after the bach is sold!”
“You can’t keep me away.”
They were still laughing when they arrived at the ground floor. Smiling they made their way to the café where his mother and sister waited. 

###

Connect with me online
Website
http://www.dcgrant.co.nz/
Facebook
https://www.facebook.com/#!/dcgrantwriter	
Wordpress
http://dcgrantwriter.wordpress.com/

Coming soon - the follow on to In Too Deep
Three Times Dead
Read an except:

THREE 
TIMES 
DEAD

Prologue

The first time I died was when I drowned at Piha on New Year’s Day.
Of course, going into the sea in the first place had been a stupid idea. Me and Scott and Mitch had been up all night, partying hard, drinking heaps, smoking pot and still stoned at eight o’clock in the morning. I don’t know who decided we’d go surfing – it wasn’t me, that’s for sure.
So we get to the beach and the waves are as big as ships, and the two idiots chicken out but I wasn’t going to let a little bit of water get to me. Except it wasn’t a little bit of water, it was a mountain of water. I stood in the shallows with my surfboard, watching the waves boom and roar as they folded over, releasing energy that carried the few brave surfers high on the foaming crests.
Josh was out there. I peered through the sea spray and felt my muscles tense as if readying for a fight. It was his fault that Gina had left. She’d gone back to town and all I had for company was the two morons I’d left standing on the beach.
I hit the water, feeling the strength of the waves thrusting me back towards the shore but I battled on, the cold water sobering me up instantly as I ducked under a breaking wave. For a second I wondered what the hell I was doing out there, and then I saw Josh, riding past, conquering a wave in a way that I never could.
This guy had messed with my girl; there was no way I was going to let him show me up like that. I paddled on.
I was exhausted by the time I reached the back line and one of the surfers called out, “You sure you should be out here, mate?”
I had no strength to call out an obscenity so I let it lie, watching as Josh paddled out towards us. I saw him glance my way. It seemed that he was about to shout out to me, but he appeared to decide against it and looked out to sea instead, readying himself for his next ride.
It happened when I was watching him and not the sea – fatal mistake, literally. The wave took me by surprise, thrust me under, rolling me over and over, not knowing which way was up or down, and I knew I was in trouble, knew that I was going to drown.
I think I was more dead than alive by the time Josh got to me. I don’t remember much – just his hand reaching out for mine before I was pushed under water again. His fingers wrapped around mine, and then it was all blackness.
When I saw light again, I was floating above my body, which was freaky but I didn’t feel scared, just curious. I looked down and saw myself, the physical me, out of the sea and lying on the sand below surrounded by people. I watched as a lifeguard squeezed a plastic bag over my nose and mouth while another pressed on my chest. I couldn’t feel a thing and it felt quite nice floating up there, not scary at all, which you’d think it would be if you saw yourself lying on the sand, looking very dead. Sounds were muted as if coming through a pane of glass. I saw Josh sitting on the sand, looking like his best mate had died. And I certainly wasn’t his mate, in fact I must have been his most feared adversary.
That made me feel bad, because I knew that he had rescued me, even though it looked like he could have saved himself the trouble as I was dead anyway. Still I floated there, cocooned in warm bright light while I watched as they worked on me, trying to bring me back. Was I going to float here forever? Is this what happens when you die? Right then I decided that I didn’t want to be dead and something clicked over in my head, if I had a head, and I fell.
When I landed, all I felt was pain – worst of all in my chest, which was being compressed by the guy beside me. I had no voice and I couldn’t tell him to stop. Couldn’t he see I was alive? Then the seawater in my stomach came up and I caught the guy giving me CPR by surprise, but at least he stopped whacking my chest.
After that it was a helicopter to the hospital, a couple of days in bed and people telling me I was lucky to be alive. But I couldn’t forget the image of me floating above my body and I started wondering – is there life after death? I knew that my physical body had died that day on the beach, yet I, the me part, was not in it, and I wanted to know what would have happened if I hadn’t fallen back into myself. I became obsessed with finding answers and I decided I needed to investigate my options.
I started with my local church and, against my nature, I wandered in one Friday evening when it was holding a youth group meeting. They must have thought I was there to cause trouble, which I was tempted to do when I looked at their smug faces, 
But then a man in his mid-twenties came towards me. “Hi, I’m Mark,” he said as he held out his hand for me to shake. “I’m the youth pastor here. Is this your first time?”
I nodded as I took his hand and told him my name.
“Welcome, Bevan, let me introduce you to the rest of the youth group.”
It was Mark who invited me to Parachute Music Festival a week later. Big mistake. Not that the festival was dumb or anything, it was just one long rave, in fact. No, the mistake was driving home, in the dark, at the same time that a drunk driver crossed the centre line and hit the van we were in.
That’s when I died the second time.


