
Insight
M. Rees
This book is a work of fiction. Any references to events, real people, or real places are used fictitiously. Other names, characters, places, and events are products of the author’s imagination, and any resemblance to actual events or places or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental. 
Copyright © 2013 by Maylian Reyes
Smashwords Edition
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced in any form or by any means without the prior written permission except in the case of brief quotations in a book review.
For Owen, Erin and Lian
Thank you for not snooping. 
CONTENTS
Insight
Acknowledgements
About M. Rees
Connect with M. Rees
Prologue
Ian watches as the postman walks by, and out of nowhere he is struck by the simplicity of the postman’s occupation – delivering parcels, pushing letters through letterboxes. Sometimes he wishes that he has a simple job like that. Sometimes he wishes he can wear a red shirt and blue trousers and carry a red satchel, and not be clothed all in black with guns strapped to his sides and around his ankles. Especially today. Today is an exceptionally bad day for him. 
He waits until the postman has done the last house on the street before he climbs out of his silver 2002 Porsche 911 Turbo. Today is also not the day to drive this particular car. He needs something inconspicuous for what he’s set to do. But there’s a part of him, buried somewhere deep, that calls for him to be reckless at present. There’s a part of him that wants to get caught or hurt.
Ian walks the rest of the way, until he reaches the house with the brown front door. There’s no one inside at the moment. The owners are on holiday in Greece, courtesy of him. The day is too bright. The sun is up and there are no clouds to cover the blue sky. He would like to do this job cloaked in darkness, but it has to be done at this hour. And it’s not only because he’s feeling careless, but because of something else entirely. 
Within seconds he unlocks the front door, as though he has a spare key to the house. But he hasn’t. Ian has been in and out of this house for a couple of days and none of the neighbours has questioned him. Perhaps they think he’s a distant relative of the Andrews, here to look after the house while they’re away. But even if one of them is stupid enough to ring Richard or Diane to verify, Ian has it covered. The couple is aware of his presence here, aware that he’s using their house, but that knowledge will disappear with Ian the moment they come back home.
Ian pushes the door open and walks into the main hallway, careful not to step on the letters scattered on the beech laminate floor, before closing and locking the door again. Ignoring the picture of smiling faces hanging on the wall, Ian marches down the hallway to the kitchen and makes a beeline towards the pine door in the corner, next to the washer and dryer that are stacked one on top of the other. He opens the door, his right hand automatically reaching for the pull switch hanging from the ceiling and the room lights up. In front of him is a wooden stairwell that leads down to the basement. The stair would normally creak under weight, but not his. Ian can make himself as light as air if he wants to. He’s very good at not making any sounds. 
The basement is quite small. There’s very little room to convert it into a proper living space, and the ceiling is low too. Ian is 6’2” and he has to hunch. The smell of damp is not too strong today because of the improved weather, but he can still feel the dust in the air. He walks around the white chest freezer to get to the partition wall, surveying his work. He has made a hole in the wall, large enough for him to comfortably walk through without bringing the whole house down. 
Ian hesitates. For a split moment he lets himself think that perhaps there is another way. It doesn’t have to be death. But Jack insists. And what Jack wants – Jack gets. Ian quickly clamps down on his emotions and lets numbness seep in. There is no other way, and wasting seconds thinking of alternatives is futile. This has to be done.
He steps through the hole and into a tunnel. It was by coincidence that he heard about this tunnel. It’s not on the property layout. But when he was speaking to the owners, whispering in their heads to let him use their house for reconnaissance, the wife proudly told him of the town’s history, how the people built some tunnels underground to get from place to place during the war. And when the houses were rebuilt, the tunnels were blocked but not completely destroyed. 
To use the tunnel wasn’t a part of his plan but it has come in handy. He likes to do, and normally does, his job in a straightforward manner. But Emma and her husband are different. Though they are posing as ordinary people, they’re not. They will see him coming and they’re not going to go down without a fight. That’s what Ian is trying to avoid. He prefers the outcome of his missions with as less mess as possible. 
He heads north until he reaches the part where the tunnel forks. He chooses the middle path. This was the difficult part, when he made a hole in the wall of Emma’s basement. He wasn’t sure how he was going to hide it and when he finally settled to building a fake wall, he was worried she would notice. But Ian is very good at everything he does, as the fake wall is still there. With a single knock, it crumbles to the ground. 
There’s a lot of dust in the air. Ian has to squint to prevent it from getting in his eyes. He has his gun in his hand and he’s moving fluidly, up the stairs and into a utility room. He can hear footsteps but he doesn’t wait, bursting into the kitchen and pointing the gun at the man standing before him – Leon Gilles. The gun connects on Gilles’ right temple. Gilles’ eyes widen in astonishment, not fear. Ian expects him to have some kind of weapon, but he doesn’t. Ian thinks Frenchmen are idiots and this guy is no exception, even though he is supposed to be dangerous – a vicious thief and a ruthless murderer. Apparently, he’s also a charmer. Gilles’ messy copper hair suits his cultured and chiselled features. Unfortunately for him, Ian is not a lass and he doesn’t swing both ways either. 
Ian doesn’t wait for the guy to speak or make a move. He shoots him. And Ian is already a few steps away and out of the kitchen when he hears the body crumple to the floor. Now he has to move quicker, but he feels rather heavier. Perhaps it’s his heart. He’s not sorry for killing Gilles. In fact it gives him a lot of satisfaction. But his work is not finished yet.
He finds Emma in the lounge, sitting on her favourite armchair by the fireplace. Her long wavy hair is hanging around her shoulders, caramel brown with streaks of gold, a few shades darker than her skin. Before she can reach for the small pistol that he knows she keeps underneath the side table, he jumps her and they topple onto the floor, armchair and all. He doesn’t know why he is doing it, when he can just shoot her then and be done with it. But as he pins her down with his own body, his left hand gripping both her wrists above her head, the tip of his silenced gun on her chest, he asks the question that has been burning inside of him from the moment he learned the truth.
“Why, Emma?” 
Emma doesn’t answer. Tears are gathering in her big blue eyes and he can tell that she’s trying very hard to stop them. Her eyes are not afraid and Ian is surprised to see remorse and also delight in them, as though she’s happy to see him.
“This was not supposed to happen,” Ian says. He hears the pain in his own voice but he doesn’t bother to hide his feelings. 
Emma softly whimpers, “I’m sorry that I disappointed you, Ian.”
Ian can’t speak, can’t move, can’t do anything. There’s a battle currently raging inside him, consuming him like fire burning him from inside out. He has his answer – Emma has given it unwillingly, without her knowledge, and there’s a part of Ian that already knows. And that’s what’s making him falter.
“I have to kill you,” Ian’s voice breaks once again.
“I know. I think it is better this way. I want it to be you, you know?”
Ian eyes narrow. “You knew I was coming?”
Emma nods her head. “You taught me well.” She smiles and looks beautiful. “This has to end. But I can’t kill my own husband.”
Air rushes out of Ian. He can tell the lies from the truth, and what he just heard is not a lie. But there is something wrong in this picture inside Emma’s mind. She can’t kill her husband – can’t, not won’t. Literally can’t. And it wasn’t love that tied her to him, nor loyalty, as Ian thought, but something completely foreign. He lets go of Emma’s wrists and sits on the floor, shoulders hunched in defeat. 
“Ian, you have to do this,” Emma says without moving. The mixture of plea and forceful demand is apparent in her voice.
“No, I don’t.”
“Listen…”
“I could give you a head start… or give you a new life. I did it before.”
“Listen to me!”
Ian turns to face Emma. She pushes herself up so they’re eye to eye. Hers are full of determination and acceptance. He can only guess what’s in his and he’s certain it not the kind of look he normally wears. 
“I’m not going to run away and hide. That’s not the kind of life I want for my son.” 
Ian takes a long, deep breath. He can feel the sliver of hope he wasn’t even aware he was holding on to slowly crumble into pieces, like grains under a grinder, and no matter what he does, no matter how hard he holds on, the miniscule grains still slip from his hands.
“Jack wants him, I’m aware of that. Let him have my son, but promise me that you’ll watch over him.” 
She couldn’t have been more wrong. If there was anyone in their fucking world who wanted to keep the boy alive, it certainly wasn’t Jack. 
But there’s always a way to convince people. 
Emma gets up without waiting for his answer, as though she already knows that his answer is a yes. 
Ian follows her into the kitchen, sees the way her shoulders stiffen when she finds her husband, watches her as she kneels next to his body and carefully leans over to give him a kiss. There are no tears in her eyes, only sorrow. But her body is shaking as she stands up and walks over to Ian. Emma is a striking beauty but he has only treated her like a sibling. It breaks his cold heart to see her this way. It breaks his barren soul to do what he’s about to do. Her eyes travel to the gun in his hand and she shakes her head. Ian groans inside. He knows what Emma is asking. 
She doesn’t want her son to find her covered in blood.
Chapter One
The blow sends me flying across the room, knocking the air out of me. I wince. I’m sprawled on the floor in the most degrading position and my tired, shaky arms can barely support my upper body, can barely keep it from collapsing totally. My unfortunate butt has taken most of the impact as I crash down, beaten. It will be bruised for sure, and will be disgustingly hideous. I have a swimming competition in two weeks, and the last thing I want is to look like I’ve been getting involved in some spanking activity. I swear, not so discreetly, at the man standing over me. 
His eyes flare with murder. 
“Do you mind not swearing?” my father says in disgust.
The mixture of derision and authority in his tone grates on my nerves. I’m a perfect marksman, I don’t need this shit. “Are you…trying to kill me?” I can barely speak. I’m breathless. I want to curl up in pain, but I suck it in. This is embarrassing enough. I can’t believe he landed another one on me. This constant training has left me black and blue many times before, and this time is not going to be any different.
He rolls his eyes upward. A familiar gesture that says I don’t give a fuck about your dramas. “You’re getting sloppy, Elle. You’re so easy to distract.”
“So, is it just a distraction or are you really leaving again?”
“In a fight, you will hear things you do not like, so do not let your personal feelings get the better of you, do not lose your focus. Set the bloody thing aside!” Dad wraps his left hand around his right wrist. He’s clenching and unclenching his right fist.
“Don’t change the subject. Where are you going this time?” He just got back from God knows where and did God knows what, and he’s leaving again. Why can’t he wait until I’m back in that pathetic boarding school where he ships me so he can work? I still have two weeks left. 
“If you must know, I’m going to London.” He crosses his arms and shrugs, like it’s no big deal. It probably isn’t a big deal, not to him anyway, but every time he goes somewhere without me, earth’s population decreases. Scum population, as I’d like to think.
With a huff, I stagger to get up, wincing and swearing because it feels like my insides are being torn into shreds. I’m sweating hard in places I’m not even aware I can sweat. My grey vest clings to my body like a second skin. The tie of my long auburn hair is loose; the strands that got away are plastered to my forehead and the sides of my face. A drop of sweat runs from the base of my head, down my nape and the length of my back. I give him my best fake, over exaggerated beam. “Who is it this time, the Mayor? His hair makes me want to kill him myself. No one should prance in public with hair like that and get away with it. Wait! Are you going to stop a terrorist attack?”
He smirks. Oh, he dares smile! He makes me want to give him a good kick on the shin. “I just need to sort out a hiccup.” He holds his hand out, offering to help me up. 
What’s the difference? I stare at his hand, then his eyes. His eyes are telling me that it’s safe to touch. But I don’t risk it. As much as I’d love to see what’s inside his head right now, I don’t want him to see what’s inside mine. And he will know if I’m trying to, or reading him. He can always tell. 
But I can’t. So I block him, to be on the safe side, and accept his help. His grip on my hand is strong. And in one swift pull, I’m on my feet. We’re almost face to face. I’m tall, but not as tall as him. He’s toned and muscled. His chest alone can make men half his age red with envy. Apart from that, and his thick black hair with no sign of grey, he’s blessed with a young, angelic face that doesn’t seem to age at all. No one will believe he has a seventeen-year-old daughter. Or that he’s a killer.
My chest heaves as I try to catch my breath. I pull my hand from his hold, but he doesn’t let go, not for a few seconds. He’s hesitating. I catch something in his eyes when he looks at me, something I have never seen before, can’t identify, but as the morning rays of the sun hit his face, the shadow in his eyes disappears. There’s something on his mind that he wants me to see, I think, but I’m no longer interested. Because an outrageous idea – something I’m quite certain he will not approve of – pops into my head. “I’m coming with you,” I say.
Dad stiffens. “Forget it,” he says coldly, in a tone that comes with a warning not to challenge him.
I hold my chin up, “No.”
“What do you mean no?” 
“It’s been a while. I miss London,” I deadpan.
He runs his fingers through his dark locks. “I’ll try to come back really quick.”
I know him too well to safely conclude that he’s lying. He’s not going to come back now that my vacation is almost over. This is what I don’t understand – why he can’t wait. I’m hurt, offended and upset. It pisses me off. “I smell something burning… maybe because someone’s pants are on fire!” 
He laughs as he grabs a bottle of water sitting on the window ledge with one hand and shuts the window blinds halfway with the other. One. Two. Three… and he’s still laughing. I slide my clenched fists in my pockets to hide them – because I want to punch him on the face! And he notices it. Every single movement I do, he catches it. That’s just the way he is.
“All right, I’m sorry.” He presses his lips to suppress a smile. He twists the cap off and brings the bottle to his lips. I hope he chokes. He chugs the full content in one go while I stand rigidly, fuming. “If things go wrong, I can’t worry about you.”
Pfft, he’s not necessarily thinking that it will happen. Slip up, blunder, fail and misjudge are my father’s least favourite words. Also fear. And he sincerely believes they will never, EVER, apply to him.
I catch the soft white towel that he tosses me, a little bit in awe by how cool he appears. No sign of tiredness from the one hour or so of kickboxing. Just wet patches on his white t-shirt, mid chest and back. I never told him this, but I admire him with a passion, like a die-hard fan of a band. Hence, when he decided to teach me every single self-defence and basic survival training trick for people in his trade, such as shooting, carjacking, lock-picking and the likes, I said yes, and absorbed it all like a stranded traveller in a desert who is dying of thirst and comes upon a bucket of water. He said it was a preparation for all kinds of situations that might befall me, including becoming an orphan.
Orphan – the word is like a splash of ice-cold water on my back, it sends shivers down my spine. “I can take care of myself. You made sure of it.” I sweep my hand towards him. “I’m your protégé, right? I’m ready for my future career.”
The look he shoots me is enough to make me wilt. He chucks the empty bottle in the chrome coloured trashcan without even looking. It’s not that I aim to become an assassin. I said it because I want to provoke him. Now, I sort of regret saying it. For a split second, I wish I’m standing next to the door so I can bolt out of this mean looking training room with its white walls covered with shelves of high-powered guns and sharp knives of different sizes. And this hard, unpadded hardwood floor that seems to shoot cold pins up my bare feet. I steal another glance in his direction, and I wish I hadn’t, because he’s still looking at me like he’s dying to bite my head off. He’s scary as hell.
“This is not the life I want for you,” he says. 
“I know. I just… I’m worried about you. I worry that you won’t come back.” Is that wrong? Honestly, I’ve had enough of this. I’m tired of waiting for him to return from his work, mission or whatever, not knowing whether he will ever come back at all. Whether I will see him again. Let’s face it. Guys like him always end up buried in an unmarked grave or as a John Doe in some charity hospital. If he dies, I’d be lucky to get his body back. My greatest fear is to wake up one morning and realise that my father is gone. Not him too.
I guess that fear causes some sort of attachment issue… which is peculiar for a girl of my age. 
He crosses his arms over his chest again, as if protecting himself because he’s feeling guilty. He probably is feeling guilty. I’m sure it’s not easy for him and if he can shield his lifestyle from me, perhaps he will. But I’m glad he doesn’t. But sometimes, ignorance can be bliss.
With his right shoulder propped against the wall and a bored expression on his face, he quietly examines his fingernails for a few seconds. The sunlight that slips through the blinds catches on his hair. A friend of mine has said to me once that I look so much like him. I’m not sure. I don’t look like a mean, kick-ass angel.
“This whole teenage drama is making me itch,” he murmurs, scratching behind his ear. “But I’m sorry, Elle. I’m going to have to call your bluff.”
Chapter Two
I’m not an ordinary child. I’m the daughter of Ian McRae – an assassin.
That alone is big. But a hit-man who can read minds and can make you do and forget things by the touch of his hand? The word ordinary will never apply. Not in a million years. 
Especially, since I have the same ability.
No secret is safe from me. That’s how I learned my parents were sort of friends with benefits, and I was a product of a one-night stand that went wrong. The only reason my mother kept me was because my father made sure she didn’t have an abortion. I didn’t ask how. I know how. He whispered to her to forget the abortion. He was 95% certain I would carry his genes and he intended to keep me.
Am I grateful that he did? Absolutely.
“Where to, love?” the ridiculously good-looking Asian taxi driver asks, and I give him the address, hoping I pronounce it right. He nods and drives off. I look out the window as the driver manoeuvers his way through the busy traffic, until we reach a long stretch of road that looks like a highway, but not quite. As usual, it’s raining. The sky is grey and the trees are like quarrelling women, bitch-slapping each other. Some fallen, dry leaves on the side of the road are being blown in a circular motion like a mini tornado. 
I try to relax inside the cab and ignore the nervous flutter inside my chest and stomach, but it refuses to go away. The wind howls through the closed window, as if to tell me that I’m not welcome and should head back to where I came from.
No kidding. If only my ability was not restricted to touch, I would not be a nervous wreck right now.
I can’t remember the very first time I used my ability. My father once told me that I had probably sensed his thoughts before I learned to speak. Apparently, when I was a baby, my hand would often reach for his nose as soon as he picked me up for cuddles. And apparently, I would cry and become really distressed when he thought of putting me down. That was his first clue.
But like many others, my memory doesn’t go that far back. I can only remember certain bits of my childhood. One memory stands out though: my mother’s confused and frightened face as she looked at me, as if a pair of horns had sprouted out of my head and I was breathing fire. That was because I repeated every single word inside her head. I was three then.
I feel that familiar burning tightness constrict my throat, when I think of my mother, like swallowing a vial of acid. She never loved me. She didn’t even try to understand. It was the exact opposite of what I did when I “accidentally” found out that my father is an assassin. Yes, I cried for hours. Yes, I threw up a couple of times, thinking of all those lives he took. And yes, I was afraid of him at some point. Yet, I accepted him after I got over those initial reactions.
But my dear, dear mother – she packed her stuff and took the next flight to Heathrow.
FYI: She obviously knows that Dad is an assassin. I don’t think Dad will keep it from her, because as far as I know, her own father and her older brother are assassins too. It’s not really a secret within their little circle. But I’m not really sure if she knows about Dad’s ability – I’m going to assume she doesn’t because I’d like to think that she’s not that bright – but last time I checked, killing people is worse than reading their minds, and it’s strange that having a baby with a murderer didn’t bother her at all. But having a freak for a daughter – that, she can’t handle.
I hate her. I really hate her.
On the bright side, our life got better. Dad changed for the better. He’s happier, I think. No more arguments, no more fights. In a way, he and I were set free. Life became easier, less constricted. 
Over time, his chosen profession grew on me, just like our ability became our extra sense. 
And what an extra sense it is! At first, I didn’t get why he chose to become an assassin when he could be the President of the United States of America. And he’d be the most powerful president of them all. One handshake is all he needs to have every world leader eating out of his hand. But my Dad is not ambitious. He’s not power hungry. For someone so magnificent, he wants a normal life for me, as normal as I could possibly have, under the circumstances. 
I think it’s ridiculous. Like that will happen.
And his key to normality is by ‘blocking’. We can control the flow of thoughts; stop a reader from reading them and vice versa. He said that by this process, I could blend in and be a bit ordinary. Unfortunately, this part of our ability doesn’t just pop out, ready for use. It has to be developed, downloaded first.
He taught me how to do it. But I found blocking hard, mainly because I couldn’t resist reading his mind. It works both ways on our kind. If I’m to read, I can be read. That doesn’t worry me though; I don’t know anyone who is a Reader like us.
I remember when I was in fourth grade; I found out that a couple of kids in my class were being abused by their parents. I was so disgusted, I asked my Dad to kill those bastards, but he said no. I reported them to the police instead. Fifth grade, I learned that my PE teacher was a paedophile. Him, my Dad did kill.
When I turned ten, I tried harder to be normal. Dad threatened he would make me wear gloves forever if I didn’t try, so I learned to close my mind when touching was unavoidable. I can’t go to the police every time I learn of something illegal happening around me, without any evidence. I can’t possibly tell them that I can read minds.  
“You’re raising suspicion!” my father yelled, when he found out I went to the police again after I read in Cassie’s head, a friend from school, that her brother was a drug pimp. The fury in his eyes seared into my brain.
“You refused to do something about it!”
“It’s not my job to kill every single bad person you find.”
“Right, only the ones you’re paid to kill.”
Two quick steps and he was right in front of me, his hands gripping my arms. Do. Not. Speak to me. Like that. Ever again. He enunciated in my head. Then he gave me a clear picture of what he would do if I defied him.
So I practiced blocking with Cassie, until I mastered the technique, and because I didn’t want to discover any more drug pimps in her family. And I most definitely didn’t want to piss my Dad off. But as I started to get a grasp of how big this thing was, how different we were, “heredity” and “that’s just the way we are” were no longer enough. I wanted a better answer to my questions.
And Dad’s exuberant answer was, “Some people are just born with it. And we are one of the lucky few. You’ve got to love Mother Nature.”
But I wasn’t convinced. I’m still not. What? No mutation? No government experiment? No alien abduction? There has to be a better explanation.
“I wish I can tell you something exciting, like I’m a genius and I invented a serum that altered my genes and transformed me into a mind reader, and passed the ability to you. But it didn’t happen like that. My father was like us, and so was his father, I presume. Based on what I’ve learned about our family history, the firstborns carry this ability. But mind-reading was a curse to them and they did everything to keep it hidden. Like a dark family secret. I wish your grandfather stuck around longer, so he could have explained it to me better, and then to you, but he made some choices that went against this ability in a disastrous way. All of them made those wrong choices. And I almost did. But that’s not important. I’m not making the same mistake ever again,” I remember him say, with a flippant wave of his hand.
And he’s right. The origin of our ability is not important. Between us, there’s no curse. No dark secret…
Some tune filters through my thoughts. It’s coming from the driver. He’s whistling something I kind of recognise, as he snakes through roads and roundabouts. It’s lovely enough to interrupt my busy thoughts. God, I hope it’s not a bad sign that the past suddenly decides to fill my head.
We enter a nice, quiet looking town that I have never been to before. I glimpse a castle and what looks like a massive Ferris wheel. Dear Lord, this place never fails to amaze me. The houses seem to get bigger and bigger, and more widely separated as we push farther and farther into town. As we veer to the left, we climb up a sloping road lined with cherry blossom trees. Wow, it’s breathtakingly beautiful here.
The driver enters a private driveway, and then pulls up in front of a Victorian house with black double doors. I blow the daunting feeling out of my system. Right, this is the place. I reach for my pocket and hand the driver a twenty pound and a ten pound note. Because you’re cute. 
“Cheers, love.”
I push the door and get out of the black taxi, rushing towards the front door before the rain completely soaks my hair, towing my light luggage after me. My freaking legs feel numb. 
Okay, here goes. I lift the knocker and rap it twice on the door. A minute passes, but there’s no answer. I check my phone’s GPS. I’m on the right address. As I reach for the knob to try again, the door swings open.
“I don’t bluff,” I blurt in sudden panic. The words just fly out. Spit is actually more like it. 
Nice one, Elle. Very smooth.
My father’s eyes are wide, his face is red. I push my way inside before he can slam the door on me, which he is about to do by the look on his face. I say a silent prayer, but it dies halfway through when my eyes land on the curving grand staircase and the geometric black-and-white floor tiles.  My God, the house is massive, with a high ceiling and tall windows. I never thought of my father as a period house enthusiast. 
“What the hell are you doing here?”
I turn around to see my father trying to compose himself. His hands are tucked inside his pockets. His white shirt looks a little askew, like he’s shrugged himself into it in a hurry. He has left the door wide open, so I step back, creating a lot of distance between me and the exit. “What I said I’m going to do.”
“Are you out of your bleeding mind?” His tone is quiet, like a whisper. But sharp. “You’re acting like a naughty, irresponsible, attention-seeking brat.”
“I’ll stay out of your way.”
His jaw drops. For a moment, he looks too flabbergasted or too pissed off to speak. “Do you realise how daft…” He rakes his fingers through his hair. “Why did you come here then? So I can personally tuck you into bed at night? You don’t like me to read you your bedtime stories over the phone?”
I flinch. “I just want to prove to you that I mean everything I say.”
“Really?” He flings the door wider. “That’s rubbish and you’re pathetic. Go back to New York. Now.”
That stings. “No. I’m not going home.” I take my coat off and hang it on a black coat rack standing next to me like an obedient footman. If I have to, I will not hesitate to use it to ward him off.
“I’m warning you, Elle. You do as I say…”
“Or what? You can’t just…” I snap my mouth shut.
“I can’t just what?”
He has no idea. How can he be so oblivious? I take a deep breath and let it all rip. “Put yourself in danger without any thought as to what will happen to me if you die! You have more assignments than usual and you’re away all the time!” I cross my arms over my chest. I feel like stomping my foot, but then he’d be right to call me a brat.
Dad studies me for a very long time, his lips pressed into a thin line, before he says, “Every year we have this discussion. Every. Single. Year. I’m sick of it. Aren’t you?” 
“Maybe it’s about time you quit, then.”
Dad’s laugh fills the entrance hall, but I don’t hear any humour in it. “You can’t just change your mind and accept what I do whenever it suits you.”
“Excuse me, I have come to live with it, but I have not completely accepted it.” I lie. I want to hurt him a little. Maybe he would understand if he’s a tiny bit hurt.
He scoffs. “Same difference.”
“Do you have an idea how I feel every time you leave for your assignments?”
“Yes!” He closes his eyes, as if he’s trying not to lose the will. “And I’m sorry I had to leave before your school holiday is over. But it still doesn’t warrant your presence here.”
True. Being here doesn’t make me less afraid, but being close to him eases it. And that’s what he doesn’t get. “Fine, I’ll leave. But I can’t promise that I’ll go back home. I might end up somewhere… what’s that term you use? Oh yes, dodgy.”
I watch my father’s hands clench and unclench inside his pockets. He narrows his eyes. “Jesus Christ, Elle. When are you going to mature?” He shoves the door closed with a thud. Without another word, he walks away. 
Chapter Three
I’m afraid to say this, but I’m 87.5% sure that I made a mistake.
“Tsk, tsk, wrong name.” Dad points at the form I’m filling in. Oh yes, we’re supposed to use fake identities. I fold the paper and hand it to him. He slides it in his coat pocket, before walking back to the school’s admission desk. He comes back with a fresh set. 
I sit crossed-legged on one of the old fashioned, red-striped fabric armchairs in the admissions office, my right foot jerking repeatedly. My father hands me the forms before sitting down on the chair beside me.
He’s making me attend school, for the love of God. When he finally spoke to me, the first thing he said was: “You can stay. It’s about time you became acquainted with your English heritage.”
That means we’re staying here for quite a while, and that he suddenly came up with this plan to punish me. Nasty, nasty man. I have to hand it to my Dad. His ingenuity is just terrific. But I guess he’s right. Where else can I learn about my so-called heritage but from pompous students?
I stare at the form in front of me, and I have this urge to snatch it off the table and tear it into pieces, screaming “screw this!” Instead, I write Jules Christensen on the dotted line – his choice, not mine. I didn’t even get the chance to have a say on what fake name I should use. I’m still seething over it – not because I don’t like the name, the name is fine – but because he didn’t give me the option to pick it. It’s my fake name for fuck’s sake! “And you’re Robin Christensen?” I ask in a whisper, writing it down on the emergency contact section without waiting for confirmation.
He nods. His eyes casually sweep around the room.
“Out of curiosity, why did you pick my mother’s surname?”
“So it will be easy for you to remember.”
Strange of him to think so – I can hardly remember my mother. Well, the good memories, anyway. I tap the black ballpoint pen on my chin. “Tell me, why are we using fake names?”
“For a bit of incognito,” he replies, like it answers every question I have.
“Do you ever use fake names when you’re on a job?”
He shakes his head, his eyes meeting mine. I suppose he’s never into role play, until now. I have an image of my Dad as a straightforward killer. Hunt, stakeout, kill. 
After a while, the school’s headmistress, not principal, approaches to show us around the campus. Pardon me, the school grounds. I have to make myself familiar with British terminology. I’m only familiar with a few words, the ones my father often uses, such as mobile instead of cell phone, loo instead of restroom, flat instead of apartment, trousers instead of pants, pants instead of underwear. That last one is genuinely bizarre.
The school isn’t so bad. It’s a co-ed school in Windsor, about 2-1/2 miles from the house. First impression: looks a little like Hogwarts. And the uniform: well, there’s no uniform. I can wear whatever I want, which is great. Last night, when I asked why I’m allowed to pick my subjects, Dad said it’s because I’d be in Sixth Form. I have no idea what that is.
“How do you find England so far?” Ms Holland asks me. She’s around her thirties, medium built, brunette, brown eyes. She’s okay-looking, but the zit on her chin is sort of putting me off. Come on, it’s huge and very red with a little white dot on the centre. And as I try not to stare at it, it seems to flash like a beacon.
“It rains a lot here,” I remark dryly, noting the way my father discreetly scans the school building and surroundings, as if looking for a good sniper spot. Then he softly laughs, and Ms Holland flushes.
“How about you, Mr Christensen, how does it feel to be back?”
“Splendid. Please, call me Robin.”
I give him the stink eye. 
He deadpans. 
In my opinion, the tour lasts longer than necessary. They discuss stuff about the school, programmes she thinks I might be interested in. I answer politely when she directs some questions at me. And for the first time in my life, I see a side of my father that I haven’t seen before. Not sure if he’s just in the mood, or he’s playing a part that I’m not aware of.
At the end of the tour, Dad shakes Ms Holland’s hand. I swallow hard, ignoring the sudden itch on my palm. It burns. I want to shake her hand too. Put ideas in her head, like I’m too American to fit in and she has to turn me away. But the chance of me pulling that stunt is zero.
We walk out of the building, to the car park. Dad pushes me to the left side of the car when I walk to the right. Of course: right-hand drive.
I pull the door open. “Did you whisper to her?” I enquire.
“You’ll get in,” he replies, as he starts the car.
I knew it. 
Chapter Four
I drive swiftly into the school’s car park, squeezing my Dad’s SUV between a red Ford Ka and a green Citroen Picasso that reminds me of the bubble gum in my mouth. For a right-hand drive newbie, I’m impressive. No traffic officer on my tail. I give myself a mental congratulatory tap on the back.
It’s a last minute decision, to drive to school. Last night, Dad gave me his blessings to use his car, said he doesn’t need it for his research, otherwise known as reconnaissance. But he did ask me if I was sure about bringing a car to school, which was weird. (I mean, why the hell not?) Then he handed me my newly and illegally acquired driver’s licence. It’s pink.
“What?” he asked when he saw the sharp look I gave him, his tone was defensive.
“Pink?” I almost growled. “Are you kidding me?”
He reached down his back pocket and showed me his. “That’s their standard colour. Don’t ask me why.”
Seriously? Of all the colours under the sun, it has to be pink. Something isn’t right in this country. Reluctantly, I slid the offensive looking piece of laminated card in my bag. But I caught my Dad smile. 
A cold wind blows, carrying the smell of dew and grass from the vast field a few feet from where I’m parked. I glance at the car to my right, the red Ford that belongs to a teacher according to the papers left lying on the dashboard, then to the row of vacant parking spaces next to it. That’s weird. It’s almost nine. Where the hell are the students?
I stare at the entrance gate and I can’t believe my eyes. That’s why Dad asked me if I’m sure about driving! The students here are either being dropped off, or they’re coming in on a bus. A double-decker bus! What’s next? A horse carriage?
“Zoe, please don’t make this more difficult. We’ve talked about this. It’s not going to work. Not the way it was before.”
“You’re wrong!”
I follow the shrill voice, my caffeine-wired curiosity beeping like radar. It’s coming from a girl – a girl in tears – a girl chasing after a boy – a boy trying to get away. Oh, yes. This is more interesting than the double-decker bus.
“I’m sorry…”
I shouldn’t eavesdrop. It’s rude. I close my window, pick my bag up from the seat next to me, and turn the engine off. 
They stop right in front of me. The boy whirls to face the girl and impatiently throws a paper cup into the grey trash can. I don’t move. They will see me, and it will be a little bit awkward. But I watch anyway, because I can’t help it. My eyes are particularly drawn to what the girl is wearing. It looks so cute, a sleeveless lace dress in pink blush. She looks like she’s going to a prom. I briefly glance down at my skinny jeans that used to be really dark but have faded from a lot of wash, and my white wraparound chiffon blouse. 
The boy sneaks a quick look to his left, then right, his hands shoved inside the pockets of his black pea coat, and I can tell that he’s schooling his face not to look embarrassed although he clearly wants the ground to swallow him whole. More students come and pass them, and he seems a little worried. Worried they might attract attention? Worried she might cause a scene? Don’t know. Don’t care. But he keeps his cool, not letting the tears, the hysterical whining, get to him. I can’t help but feel a smidgen of admiration. I respect people like that. He’s a bit of an ass, but…
He’s a very attractive ass, actually. My eyes are glued to him, at his face, at his smooth, creamy dark honey skin. His hair is shaved close to his head, which is perfectly round. His lips are pink and look jelly soft, his nose is straight and pointed. And his eyes are blue, the same shade as the clear Los Angeles sky.
And they’re looking straight back at me.
I jump a little. Shit. I can feel myself blushing. 
He averts his eyes indifferently, back to the girl. She has her arms wrapped around herself. I’m not sure if she’s trying to hold herself together or just plain cold. Her boyfriend, or ex I suppose, speaks to her so softly, his lips barely moving, that I can’t make it out. With a curt nod, he leaves the girl gaping after him.


*****


I hate my father for making me do this. 
Today is the longest day of my life. This school just doesn’t do it for me. The rooms are smaller and darker than those I’m used to. The teachers are boring and patronising. The students are annoying and unusually friendly. And don’t get me started with the food. Let’s just say that I’m not wasting my money on some grass and a tiny piece of chicken that tastes like cardboard. I swear, after a week or so, I’m going to do something stupid and illegal so this school will have no choice but to expel me. That should send a subtle message to my Dad. And if he enrols me in a different school, I’ll just do the same.
I still have an hour left before home time. I walk as slow as possible to my next class, checking my schedule as I can’t even remember what my next class is. Critical Thinking – that’s it. I’m halfway up the stairs to the third floor when I realise the class is on the first floor. I groan. When I signed up for this, I thought it would be interesting, but I highly doubt that anything would perk my interest now. 
The classroom is already almost full when I arrive. I sit at the back, the farthest corner possible, thinking of ways to stop myself from falling asleep.
“Lennox won’t take me back. I have apologised a million times…”
No way. 
I look sideways to my left, and there she is – Zoe, the girl in the pink dress. Fuck. She was in my English class, bawling her eyes out before the class started. Three hours later, and she’s still whinging about the breakup? PLEASE. It’s not the end of the world! Other people in the same situation would rather not talk about it, but apparently she’s not like other people.  She’s hunched in a chair, her head against the window, surrounded by three other girls with perfectly manicured fingernails. They’re all wearing the same overly sympathetic expression on their faces, as if they haven’t heard her story for like a dozen times already.
The boy comes in after a few minutes. He walks in with his head up high, raising his eyebrows as he acknowledges some of the guys in the room, but I catch the sullen look on his face, like he’d rather be somewhere else. 
I know the feeling.
If I can make myself care, I’d probably feel sorry for him. Though this is the only class we share, I can tell this is not the only class he shares with his ex. Unlucky. He takes the chair in front of me and our eyes meet briefly.
I break eye contact, ignoring him completely. But as soon as he turns around, my eyes are drawn back to him and before I know it, I’m watching him through my lashes. He sits with his long legs stretched out in front of him. His shirt hikes up as he tries to lounge as low as possible, exposing a slice of his back and the waist band of his designer underwear. 
Nice skin. Shame he’s what my father calls a twat. 
Half of the students in the room pretend they don’t give a crap about the breakup, but I can palpably feel their curiosity. I can smell it coming off of their skins. Jesus Christ. They are what my father calls nosy little buggers.
Then a bearded professor with a receding hairline shuffles in.
Like I’ve said, this is the longest day of my life. 
When my last class finally ends, I’m out of the building as if it’s on fire. The sun is shining, but the wind is still cold. I’m guessing that the temperature is just about four degrees. I button my coat and hug my bag close to me while I search for my car keys.
“I don’t want you to get horribly bored.” That’s what my Dad said when he dropped the bombshell about sending me to school here. And he said it with an evil smirk. Perhaps he wants me out of his way altogether, but I know he wants me to learn the consequences of using extortion. Plainly, he’s just taking the piss. But I agreed without complaint, even my expression then was impassive. I have to admit though, that the recent turn of events blows.
Six feet away from the car, I press the remote and the lights flash as the car unlocks. I notice the curious, admiring glances from people passing the car park on their way to the exit. I’m not oblivious to this, but not because I thrive on attention. I’ve just got used to surveying my surroundings. Like my Dad taught me to. Though he did say that he’s very careful with his identity and how it will affect my safety, we both think it’s better to be careful, in case an exceptionally brilliant enemy manages to track him down.
With my head low, I hop in, start the car and crank the radio up. For the first time, I can’t wait to get home.
Oh shit. I have nothing to do at home. 
Chapter Five
There’s a big billboard along Alma Road advertising this wall climbing facility in Windsor Leisure Centre. I think of spending the rest of the afternoon alone in that old house, bored to tears. So, after a bowl of tomato soup and a quick change, here I am, all geared up in black, staring at a wall. But the multi-coloured holds attached to it almost make me change my mind. It’s a little bit off-putting. It looks so user-friendly. Not much of a challenge, without sounding overconfident. This is nothing compared to the nine-day hike and climb my Dad and I did in Mexico.
I pull my hair to tighten my ponytail and approach the guy in grey fitted t-shirt and black tracksuit bottom, his back to me. “Excuse me?”
The guy looks over his shoulder, a friendly smile on his face. Recognition flashes in his blue eyes and he narrows them, as if he’s trying to place where he has seen me. His smile wavers a bit.
“Oh, it’s you,” I say, with a hint of disrespect.
He raises his eyebrows, facing me completely with his hands clasped together in front of him. His stance mirrors an easy confidence and grace without looking too cocky. “Right, you’re the new girl in my CT class…” He smiles brightly, “…and in the car park.”
I want to defend myself by saying I didn’t mean to overhear their conversation but it was hard not to because his girlfriend wailed like a bad actress from the ‘60s. But then, I’m not 100% sure he knows I heard them. Nonetheless, the same embarrassment I felt earlier after being caught watching, starts to creep back. “I’m sorry, I thought you worked here.”
The corners of his lips lift. “I work here.”
That explains the beautiful arms. I pull my fingerless gloves over my hands. “Shall I go then?” I jerk my chin towards the wall, to emphasize what I mean.
The guy raises his eyebrows again. “You have to queue.”
“I have to what?”
He half turns, showing me a line of people waiting for their turn, a line I didn’t see, hidden behind his broad chest.
Riiight. I smile sweetly. 
“You’re American?” he asks. But it sounds more like a jeer.
“Raised there,” I answer, walking towards the damn queue.
“Ah. It’s the accent. It gave you away,” he calls after me.
Accent my ass. I can speak with a British accent if I choose to. I look over my shoulder just in time to catch his eyes run up and down my body.
The little shit is checking me out. Huh. 
There are six people in the line and I’m the seventh and the last. There’s a little boy, about twelve I suppose, but the rest of us are girls. The other five look too eager and too giddy, as they pretend to read the safety advice, complete with illustrations, posted on the glass wall. I take a deep breath and blow it out. They’re amateurs, here to see the main attraction – The Boy. Can’t blame them, the boy has lots of nice parts.
I watch him, I think his name is Lennox, secure and demonstrate the basics to each person, one by one. He seems to take more time with the blond with a pink stripe on her hair because she’s asking a lot of stupid questions. He answers her politely. Then she starts to flirt.
Oh, for the love of God.
I look on, curious to see his response. He appears indifferent, but gracious as he tries his best to ignore the advances. Now I’m amused. 
When my turn comes, he removes his gloves and wipes his hands over his tracksuit bottoms. Picking up a black harness from the hook, he straps me, avoiding my eyes. 
“Working here must be really fun.” I sort of cringe inside. I hope I sound as British as him.
His eyes lift to mine, but his fingers carry on with their task of securing me. He rewards me with a smile. “Been practicing in your head? Not bad.”
I shrug.
“Have you done this before?” he asks.
“Uh-huh.” And I know I sound phoney. “You can say it out loud.”
He presses his lips together before saying, “I mean wall climbing.”
Oh. “Yeah, sure, loads of times.” Idiot.
“Brilliant. I don’t have to teach you the basics, then.”
“Race me instead?” I challenge with a smile.
He laughs. It’s throaty and sexy at the same time. His blue eyes wrinkle on the sides. “All right, then.” He offers me his right hand and I stare at it, not sure why and what to do. “I’m Lennox.”
Oh. He’s formally introducing himself. Englishman. I take his hand and give it a shake. It’s firm and strong as it grips mine. 
“I think it’s your turn to give me your name, if you don’t mind, of course. That’s how it works here in good, old England.” He inclines his head in such an adorable way.
“It’s… Jules, smartass.”
“Jules Smartass. That’s a terrible, horrible name.” He grins.
He’s funny. I let my fingertips graze his wrist.
She smells lovely.
I press my lips together to stop a smile, closing the door in my head. I don’t want to see what’s in his mind. It’s rude. Something tells me I shouldn’t be rude to this guy.
As I slowly pull my hand away, our fingers touch and his linger. For a split second, he closes his eyes, as if savouring our touch. I hold my breath, tempted to read him, but his eyes fly open and peer into mine. 
“What?” I ask.
Lennox blinks. Clearing his throat, he pulls another harness from the hook and starts strapping himself as I wait. “Ready?” he asks once he’s finished. We take our position by the foot of the tallest wall with a buzzer on the top. Lennox tests his harness as I test mine, making sure we’re secure.
“On three?” Lennox looks at me and winks.
“Three!” I start climbing, leaving him behind. I hear him chuckle, climbing after me. And he’s good – fast. Almost as good as me. Well, he probably scaled this very wall a hundred times doing this job, and it certainly made him fit. I watch him from the corner of my eyes, admiring his biceps. He has that look of concentration on his face, but every move he makes appears effortless.
We’re neck and neck. I pull myself up faster, reaching the top first. With a heave, I tap the buzzer, grinning down at him. Lennox ascends as I wait, still grinning.
“Well, well, I didn’t expect that.” He’s breathless.
“I’m full of surprises.” My hand reaches for my waist, releasing a fastener. 
“Don’t!”  
People scream from below. Realisation hits me like a slap in the face and I make a split-second reaction to correct my mistake, but I’m also a second too late. I’m about to scream myself when a hand yanks and holds my wrist. I look up and find Lennox hanging precariously in his harness, holding my weight with one hand, while his other hand grips the cable. 
God damn it! “I won’t let you go,” he says.
I imagine myself plummeting down, breaking my bones and fracturing my skull, and I can’t help it. I can’t stop the images from running through my head. My heart is pounding like mad, I’m afraid if it doesn’t calm down, the vibration will make my body somewhat heavier than normal. I released the belay anchor, and didn’t realise that I have no back up. I’m so used to my father’s super sophisticated gadgets that I actually forget that I’m not using one. Stupid! And I’m a bit ashamed to admit that Lennox’s close proximity has distracted me. Like the first time Dad took me to Disneyland, ten years ago. It was April Fools, and I made a complete fool of myself – standing in front of the gates, so completely in awe that my mouth was gaping open and my eyes were shining. The moment I set foot inside the park, I burst into tears.
And right at this moment, I feel like I made a fool of myself all over again. At least, ten years ago, it was all right – I was a child, it was okay to feel overwhelmed. But here – now – I have no excuse. I’m plainly and undeniably pathetic. Careless should never be me. Especially not because of a boy.
“Can you reach the hold?” he asks, his arms straining against my weight.
Huh. I’m not that heavy. My free hand grabs the hold nearest to my reach as I plant my foot on the other. Claps and cheers erupt from below. 
“Are you all right?” Lennox asks. He uprights himself like a tissu performer, descending a little, reaching for my harness in an attempt to fasten me back.
I thought he’s an ass for breaking up with a girl in public, now I take that back. He’s a brave, strong, ass. “I’m fine. No need for that.” I brush the anchor away.
He lets the rope go and the anchor hangs in the air. Contemplating as to how I’m going to descend, I don’t notice that Lennox has shifted, positioning himself behind me. “I’m not an ass to let you go down on your own, besides the health and safety issues.” His right arm circles my waist. I lean back on his chest, or he presses himself against my back – I’m not sure anymore. All I’m aware of is how solid he feels. I reach up and grab his cable, swallowing hard.
“You’re ready?” he whispers close to my right ear. His breath smells like mint, it’s warm and it tickles the side of my neck. I nod, not trusting myself to speak. Together, we start to go down. Slowly.
I don’t notice that my knees are actually shaking, until my feet touch the ground. It takes me a good few seconds before I finally let go of the cable, afraid that I might slither to the white tiled floor. But I’m not nervous-scared. I’m more like… electrified, so aware of his cold palm resting on my belly. How it got under my tank top, past my harness, I’m not sure. I don’t care. 
My cheeks feel warm. I can’t stop the blush from creeping up from my neck to my face. I don’t face him, until he removes his hand from my skin.
“Thank you,” I say. “Your arm must be aching.”
Lennox is watching me, with a look of mellow delight. “You’re not that heavy,” he says with a shrug.
Chapter Six
I follow Lennox to what I assume is the manager’s office. I’m a few steps behind him and he doesn’t know. I slip inside the room with the sign Employees Only on the door. Of course, I can’t just let him take the blame and get the sack. 
My steps are light on the tiled floor as I walk through the narrow hallway with grey, metal lockers lining the wall. The lockers have no locks and they’re narrow, unlike the lockers in the customer changing room. Some are wide open, showing all their contents, bags and all sorts of personal items, even valuables. It shows you the kind of people that work here – trusting and honest.  
I find him in the corner with another guy, slightly shorter than him, with blond hair that curls on his nape. The other guy is obviously unimpressed, talking fast and low. Alarm is evident on his frowning face.
“What the bloody hell happened there, Reeves? That girl could have died, or worse, can sue!”
Lennox has this funny look on his face. He shakes his head, his hands in his pockets. “I’m sorry, it’s…”
“Sorry to interrupt. Hi there. I’m the girl. The idiot,” I say with a wave to his boss or something. I glance at Lennox. His eyes are curious and wide. He cocks his head to the side, a silent what the hell are you doing here? I face the other guy again, extending my hand. 
“You shouldn’t be back here,” blond guy says, but he takes my hand anyway. I can tell that he’s intrigued, that he finds me a bit interesting. I always make that first impression with the opposite sex, regardless of age. Throw me in a room full of girls and people’s eyes tend to linger on me longer. I don’t know why, probably because of the way I move, the flirty twinkle in my eyes, the confidence I emit, or the huskiness in my voice. 
“I know.” Drop the incident as a freak accident. It’s no one’s fault, I whisper in his head. “I just want to clear something. It’s not Lennox’s fault.” It’s mine, is left unsaid. My pride can only suffer so much.
I let go of his hand.
The manager’s eyes come back to life, as though he was just daydreaming a few seconds ago and realises someone’s actually talking to him. “Yeah. Sure. Don’t worry about it.” He shakes his head a little, before eyeing Lennox, who crosses his arms over his chest, watching us. “That must have scared you shitless,” Blondie says, slapping Lennox on the shoulder. “You can finish now.”
Lennox jerks a little, like someone poked him with something sharp. “Are you sure? I still have half an hour.”
“It’s cool, mate.” He smiles at me and excuses himself. “Oh! Just promise to do that charity run for us,” he adds like an afterthought, then turns without waiting for a response, pushing a white door with a small square window open and disappearing inside. Now, Lennox and I stand in a tiny corner next to a drinking fountain, in amazed silence. 
That’s not me. I did not compel that man to do that.
“I should get going then before he changes his mind,” Lennox whispers. He turns to me. Studies me…
“Right. I should go.”
“Thank you.” He inclines his head. “For that.”
“It’s the least I could do.” I shrug, turn and walk away. 
It’s the least I could do? What the fuck was that? I don’t look back at him.
But he’s already next to me. We walk past the same lockers, neither of us talking. I fix my eyes on the blue door with a silver handle, not wanting to walk out through it. Why is it suddenly so awkward?
Screw it. “Would you like to get some coffee?” I ask, as I feel a hand on my elbow and hear Lennox say at the same time, “Will you wait for me outside, please?”
We gaze at each other. I feel some sort of relief inside and my stomach relaxes. I’m not even aware it’s in knots until I notice the amused smile on Lennox’s face. “I’m just going get my stuff,” he says, gesturing towards the locker beside him.
I step out and swear under my breath. What the fuck is wrong and what the hell am I doing? I check my reflection in the window, wishing I brought some clothes to change into. 
But why do I care if I look like a sweaty cow? It’s just a thank-you coffee, for Christ’s sake. Okay, he’s attractive, and he’s funny, and interesting. We haven’t talked about anything that will suggest that we have anything else in common, apart from our passion for wall climbing. 
But the thing is… I find myself wanting to find out if we have anything else in common. And the knowledge doesn’t sit in my stomach very well.
The blue door opens after exactly ten minutes and there he is, in dark jeans and light brown sweater. Now, I want to kick him for not complementing my clothes. He smiles when he sees me, and he seems genuinely glad. “Come on, I’ll take you to the best coffee shop in Windsor,” he says. 
Suddenly, I’m excited, which is weird and dumb. This is just some harmless curiosity. Just a harmless curiosity. 
Harmless. Curiosity. 
Okay. Besides, I’m bored, I don’t know anyone here, and he seems so nice. He saved my life. And he’s so easy on the eyes. This thing, this knot in my chest, this buzz in my ears, it should be gone by the time I finish my coffee. “It’s not Starbucks, is it?”
Lennox makes a sound that’s close to a snort. “Of course not.” 


*****


The Brown Bag is just a few blocks from Lennox’s workplace. We walk there because it feels stupid to drive in two separate cars and Lennox says parking is difficult to find. It’s not the typical internet café, the type where I used to hang out back in New York. This coffee shop is a proper coffee shop. They serve hot drinks and pastries. Nothing else. 
I like it immediately. I like the ambiance and the actual shop itself. It’s like stepping into the set of Lord of the Rings, inside Bilbo’s house. I think it used to have a circular door, but it probably broke or something, and they replaced it with a proper rectangular one and fitted two curved glass panels on each side and one on the top.
The inside is almost similar to the film set. It’s a beam-enthusiast haven, with low chandeliers and small furniture. Really charming, I must say. And the smell… oh, my good lord! The chocolaty-coffee aroma greets us the moment we step in, and I think I have died and gone to heaven.
Lennox ushers me to a corner table, by the window. He takes his jacket off and flings it over the fabric armchair. “What do you fancy?”
“I don’t know yet,” I say, thinking of him. Not sure if this is how Brits do things, but if he’s expecting to me to sit and let him place my order, then he’s in for a shock. I make my way to the counter. Out of habit, I memorise everything about my surroundings: the number of chairs and tables, the people, the possible exits…  
Lennox is only a couple of steps behind me. As I scan the menu board, he tells the lady with a black apron what he wants, and then turns to me, waiting. “I’ll have café mocha, please,” I say. 
We wait there as the same lady who took our orders makes the coffee. The light from the curved pastry display casts a glow on Lennox’s face as he leans closer to check out a cake. He doesn’t strike me as a person with a sweet tooth, but the way his eyes fill with interest as he eyes a slice of sponge cake with jam and cream in the middle tells me that I’m wrong. I don’t know why, but the thought of him liking cakes warms something inside me.
The lady on the other side of the La Marzocco slams the portafilter to get rid of the used coffee granules and refills it. She grunts as she crushes it down before inserting the portafilter into the machine. I can smell and hear the espresso as it pours into a cup, and as it does, the lady froths the milk. Seems like a long-winded process to make good coffee, but I’m not complaining.
Lennox insists on paying, despite my arguments that this is my idea and this is supposed to be my treat to him, for saving my life.
“Don’t be so melodramatic. You’re not the only idiot I have risked my life and flipped upside-down for. Literally.”
I laugh. 
“Besides, I could have been sacked back there, but you came to my rescue.” He cocks his head to the side. “We’re even.”
Great. I don’t like owing people any debt or favours. I don’t like giving people any leverage over me. But I know for sure that this is different. I will never forget this day. 
He said we’re even. Hardly. 
We weave our way back to that little nook. I sit on the left side of the two-seater, and Lennox takes the armchair opposite me. He places his white, porcelain mug on the low square oak table between us. I don’t know why, but I’m slightly disappointed, which shocks me. I blow on my coffee. 
“Earlier, about your accent, I was just messing with you. I can be a total knob, you see. If I have offended you, I’m sorry. But really, you didn’t sound fake at all,” he says. I wave it off. I actually forgot about it already. I wasn’t that offended. But it’s nice that he apologised.
My Dad said I don’t have to touch someone to read a person. I just have to study the face and the body language. So I discreetly watch Lennox whenever I can, from under my lashes, his reflection in the window, and over the rim of my coffee mug. He is really attractive. There’s honesty in his blue eyes. He is trying to look cool, by the lazy way he lounges on that armchair, by the casual tilt of his head, but the way he cracks his knuckles shows that he is a bit nervous. Worried that he might say something wrong? These little things warm me up towards him, if I’m not already. 
“Are you an exchange student?” Lennox asks. 
I laugh a little. He raises an eyebrow, silently asking me why I thought the question was funny. I look at him over the rim of my mug. “No.”
“Did you move here with your family?” 
“Dad.” Apparently I have been reduced to one-word sentences. Honestly, I’m not trying to be mysterious. But being alone in the corner with him, and the way his eyes constantly travel to my lips, makes me nervous. I clear my throat. “I came here with my Dad. And I’m hoping our stay is not permanent.”
“Oh.”
Oh?
“And your mum?”
He says mum instead of mom. “She’s not around anymore.” I see his expression change from interested to rueful. “But she’s still very much alive. She just left, which in my book means she’s as good as dead.” 
I did not just say that. That’s morbid. Not to mention bitchy and depressing. I practically told this boy I have loads of issues. I catch a glimpse of his reaction just before I purposely sip my coffee to hide my face, and it is the perfect definition of the word “awkward.”
I give him my fakest sweet smile, to show that I was only joking, though I’m not. I don’t know why I mentioned my mother to this stranger. He’s still a stranger whether he saved my neck or not, but I blurted it out anyway – the most sensitive subject of my life. My mother is the only individual that makes me feel unwanted, even up to now. Yeah, I’m different, but I bet she thinks that I shouldn’t be alive, that there’s something evil coursing through my blood. 
Not a good topic to fire up a conversation.
I push her out of my mind and give Lennox a shrug that I hope tells him that the subject is closed.
“I know what you mean,” Lennox says. 
“Really?” I highly doubt it. “Who bailed out?”
“I’m an orphan,” he blurts out.
Yikes! “I’m sorry.” I don’t know what else to say. It’s like we’re playing My Life is Worse than Yours. I study him closely, and he seems to be thinking the same thing. He’s biting the inside of his left cheek. His face is a bit flushed. I guess each other’s presence made us a little careless. Like some force is working against our better judgement, deleting any filter or barrier between us, whether we like it or not. 
Lennox suddenly shrugs and smiles. “What brings you and your father here?” 
And there it is – the awkward change of subject. I tuck my legs up under me. “Business,” I say. That reminds me, I have no clue where my father is or if he’s coming home tonight. He doesn’t normally tell me the details about his assignments. The less I know – the better. But he always tells me where he’s going. Makes me wonder if he’s really here on a job, or he’s here to see someone. Someone special.
Note to self: investigate.
“What does he do?” Lennox asks, reaching for his mug and cuddling it between his palms, just like I’m doing. 
I can’t help but wonder why he is so curious about my Dad. But then, of course, we have to talk about someone or something. I’m being paranoid. It’s an innocent question. “He’s in consultancy. Businesses ask for his opinions in public affairs.”
“Hmmm.” 
“It’s a boring job, but it has its perks.” I tell him that the work requires my Dad to travel a lot. Not exactly a lie. 
“Must be hard for you…”
That’s not the response I’m expecting. I must be more transparent than I’d like to admit. I can’t find the right response.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to make it sound so bad.” Lennox sounds alarmed.
“He’s not always away. He conducts most of his business in New York and sometimes...”
“Here?” Lennox supplies and I nod. He smiles, and it catches me off guard. Because when he smiles, he really does look like someone you would have to be willing to fight a hundred girls just to get to know. “This place can be a great second home, as long as you don’t mind the constant rain.”
I laugh. “No wonder my father moved to the States.”
“Is he English?”
I nod. “Maybe he loathes the weather, but he loves the culture – hence the school.” I roll my eyes.
“Uh-oh… I reckon your stay is going to be for a long run,” he says, nodding like it’s a challenge. A bet.
Well… he could be right, he could be wrong, but with my father, who the fuck knows? I sip my coffee. “Possibly, but school is the least of my worries. I can handle school.”
“I’m glad at least one of us can,” he says, more to himself. There’s something mischievous about the way he says it. And then he grins. Without meaning to, I find myself shamelessly staring at him. I have this itch inside my brain.
This is totally surreal.
I have never had any real boyfriends. No, actually, I dated Sam Johnson for seven months. He’s a swimmer, attractive and uncomplicated. I decided to try the exclusive thing with him, simply because my best friend pressured me to. Apparently, my reputation was on the brink of collapse, I was about to cross the line between popular to slut.
I’m not the in-your-face sort of girl. I don’t dress like a hoe. I don’t dump and jump to the next one. But I did some things that I’m not proud of. I had a phase, intensified by my utmost desire to manipulate. And some people might have seen me with a lot of guys, and by people I mean Stella and her minions, and they drew their own assumptions that I could have stopped by a single touch, but I didn’t bother. It would require a lot of work and I didn’t have the time and the energy. 
So I let Stella – my enemy, and her idiot friends, gossip about me. Quite frankly, they gave me a hard time. Stella was very convincing, and she made it her mission to destroy me after I kicked her ass in archery. Unfortunately for them, none of those guys said anything about being with me. Their lips are sealed to secrecy. 
I compelled them not to talk. And they obeyed. They had to, because they didn’t like the feeling of going against my mind control. It’s like when a vegetarian craves for red meat. It makes them feel sick.
After a while, I stopped. The whole hooking up after a party, the next morning mind compulsion, the sneaking out – they all became tedious. Not to mention, my conscience became quite a nag. 
I know it was wrong, but back then, I felt extremely reckless and powerful. Those few hours of feeling very wanted, desired, and sometimes worshipped, it was exciting for me. With Sam, it was safe. I liked him, yeah, but it was never meant for more. 
Because falling in love doesn’t happen to me. I guess it’s the secrets. They make it extra hard. It is difficult to trust someone with things they don’t understand. I have my mother as proof. 
For me, it’s exceptionally easy to make mistakes because I can make it right. But it’s extremely tough to find something right for fear of losing it.
I should stop right there. I should not associate Lennox with the word boyfriend or love or trust, as though he could be the answer to all three.
Because he’s not. He’s just a boy who was fast enough to catch me before I fell.
Chapter Seven
“What’s up, Elle?” 
I drop my bag at the foot of the stairs and drag my feet to the living room. “Dad, you’ve made your point, okay? When can I stop going to that dreadful school?” I groan and sit next to him on the black leather couch and peer at his laptop. He closes it quickly and reaches for his whiskey glass on the coffee table. It’s almost full to the brim. I frown at him.
“I’m not trying to make any point. I just don’t want you running around in town doing nothing.”
The truth is he doesn’t know what to do with me. He’s used to shipping me to boarding school. If I’m not in school, he doesn’t work and we go on trips. He never mixes me and work together, for obvious reasons. 
He tried to do that – ship me to a boarding school here, but he suddenly changed his mind. My father is a killer, but when it comes to me, he’s not completely heartless. Besides, I’m seventeen. I’m not a kid anymore. If I decide to leave the New York boarding school, he’d probably let me. He’d probably give me the freedom to make my own choices.
“Elle?”
“Huh?” 
He takes a deep breath. His eyes are wandering but not settling on me. Weird. He’s making me feel uneasy. My eyes shift to his hand. I watch him swirl counter clockwise what’s left of the whiskey, and I doubt that he’s aware of his action. Really weird. There’s a slight niggle in my mind. He only drinks like this if things aren’t going smooth. I raise my eyebrows and wait.
“I can hear your phone from here, vibrating like mad.”
I listen for the sound. “It can wait.”
“Answer it,” he commands, turning away.
Fine! If he doesn’t want to tell me, I’m not going to force him. I get up. “Can I ditch tomorrow then?”
“No. School is important.”
So much for freedom of choice. He pours more of the amber liquid into his glass, filling it again to the top. Work must be giving him a lot of grief. I could ask him about it, but I highly doubt that he’d tell me anyway. I’d only know about his targets after I heard in the news that they died or went missing, and I’d ask – that was you? And he’d confirm with a nod.
I hop over his stretched legs and dash out to the hallway. I fish my phone out of the inside pocket of my bag. My breath catches and I gape at the screen, wondering if I’m seeing things. After all, I have imagined this moment a lot of times, I could be imagining it again.
It’s been more than a week. I’m already sure that he’s never going to call, and I’m already debating with myself whether to delete his number or not. But I don’t. And I don’t get it. I mean, I definitely felt the connection back there in The Brown Bag, and I know he’s felt the same thing. We both didn’t want that day to end. We drank so many mugs of coffee that I had trouble sleeping. We talked about every single thing, including the weather, just so we didn’t have to call it a night. And most of the topics we discussed were usually something you talk about after months of knowing each other. Within an hour, we actually dived right into the deep end. It was scary at first, to speak of super personal stuff, afraid I might spill out the thing about my Dad and our secret ability. But I managed to leave those out. 
“You’re dangerous,” Lennox said. 
“What do you mean?”
“You’re so easy to talk to.”
So easy to talk to, that now I know that his parents died when he was eight and an old widower who was retired from the military and had two grown-up children adopted him. His teenage years were not all freedom and parties. And as soon as he turned eighteen, he moved out and got a place of his own. 
“Don’t get me wrong. He’s awesome. I’m grateful. But we have different outlooks in life. In fact, we only agree on one thing.” But he didn’t elaborate what that one thing was.
Some girls may be petrified and put off with this too-much-information bullshit, but I’m not some girl. I don’t know, I’m not the good listener type, but with Lennox, I think I can be. Perhaps, it’s the “connection” thing. However, the next day, it was like we never spoke at all. He was like a stranger again. He only managed to utter a noncommittal hello. 
That’s fine. I shouldn’t really care. I didn’t come here to bag a boyfriend. I came here to get my point across to my father – although that point seems to have become unimportant and unclear as the days go by. 
And now his name is flashing on the screen of my phone. I answer it just a ring away from going to voicemail.
“Jules? Hi yah.” There’s a pause. “Erm, are you busy?” 
His voice sounds weird but good. “Who is this?” I ask. A little kick on his self-esteem should teach him a lesson.
There’s another longer pause. “It’s Lennox.”
“Oh. Right… Hi!” I try to make it sound like I’m faking my enthusiasm.
“Is it… a bad time?”
“I just got home and I’m just about to start on that paper,” I lie. I have finished the said paper two days ago.
“Right…” 
It’s so weird that we both like to say the word ‘right’. “Have you done yours?” 
I hear something that’s a cross between a chuckle and a scoff. 
“It’s due tomorrow,” I add, and sound just like my father – chastising.
“I don’t do homework.”
Wow. I guess the stuff that I heard about him being the special kid is true. Apparently, teachers have been pretty lenient towards him because of his special circumstances, despite the fact that it has been ten years since his parents died, and he hasn’t gone to school in this town since then, until now. That’s what happens when your life or an event in your life suddenly becomes a part of the town’s history – people remember. They remembered him. He can’t escape the reminders. But people are prepared to cut him some slack. He even went truant for a whole school semester without as much as a goodbye, see you later. But because he’s smart – his grades are brilliant for someone who doesn’t do homework, to be honest – he got away with it. And it seems like he still gets away with almost everything.
I should be ashamed for digging up his past, but I’m not.
“I’m wondering… would you be interested to go out, grab a bite?”
He’s asking me out. I feel a flutter in my stomach. I glance at my Dad, who is busy fiddling with his laptop. 
“Please? I’ve been busy and I’d really like to catch up.”
I stare in space for like a lifetime, pondering. The problem is boys like him think they can do whatever they want, however and whenever they please. The problem is my pride and principles are winning over my curiosity. I take a deep breath. “I can’t. Sorry.”


*****


I don’t normally think of boys. Well… that’s a lie. Boys do cross my mind, mostly because Cassie won’t shut up about them, but I don’t think of them constantly and not this way. 
This way is completely baffling. This way makes my heart beat twice as fast when I see someone tall and broad-shouldered with a shaved head. This way petrifies me in ways I can’t explain.
Before I can retract my decision, before I can let him persuade me (if), I end the call. And I also end up slapping the phone repeatedly against my forehead. 
I’m such an idiot. 
Well, at least I have my pride.
Fuck off.
It’s not raining today, and that’s a first. Since I came here, I have never seen the ground dry and there’s always that tinge of grey in the sky. Summer is almost over and the trees are shedding their leaves. It’s depressing, really. But I guess the people here are used to it now. But today, it’s different. It’s special. The weather is mild, fifteen degrees. Warm enough to just wear a thin shirt, and I’m glad I opted for a white tank top, or vest, with lace along the straps and half its back. It seems like summer has decided to grace us one last time before skipping town. The sun is up, and I can actually feel a bit of warmth on my face as I walk along the High Street, attempting to do some shopping. It’s the best distraction in the world. 
And I’m not the only one taking advantage of fair weather. People throng the sidewalks and the riverbank, jogging, walking dogs and pushing prams. A group of boys kick football in the nearby park. Watching them makes me remember my own childhood. I never went to soccer practice or ballet class. My Dad taught me how to play the piano, but that was by far the only normal activity he shared with me.
My stomach warms at the thought of those hours I sat in front of the piano with my father. Or maybe it’s just the smell of fish and chips. I haven’t had fish and chips before – my father says it’s bad for his abs, completely disregarding the fact that I don’t care about his abs. 
I feel the phone vibrate in my pocket. Speaking of my father! “I’ll be home before dark!” 
“Hello is the normal form of greeting when you answer the phone,” he scolds. He sounds a little drunk. “Anyway, I’m on my way where you are. I feel like having a four course meal tonight.”
What? “Why?”
“Because!” 
I wait for the rest of it, but nothing comes. “Are you okay to drive?”
“Of course!”
His answers say otherwise. Oh well. He’ll be fine.
“Stay put. I’ll be five minutes. See you in a bit.” Then he’s gone.
That man can be very weird sometimes. 
I enter a bookstore and browse their bestsellers pile. After a couple of minutes, I place the book I’m checking out back on the shelf. I was planning on spending some time in the quiet corner of the bookstore, but that’s not going to happen now. As I head towards the exit, I notice a tall man with light curly hair, four rows away, watching me. He looks away when I meet his eye, and starts browsing a hardbound book about gardening, I think. There’s something familiar about him. I’ve seen him before, somewhere, but I can’t remember when and where exactly. I sift through my brain, searching for the memory that will match a place with the face… 
Hang on a minute. Dad didn’t ask me where I am. I glare at my phone in disgust.
That man can be very creepy sometimes.
True to his words, he arrives exactly five minutes later and whisks me to this restaurant that looks like they’ll charge you just for inhaling their ambiance. The waiter leads us to a table in the corner, near the window, and pulls the chair out for me. 
My father doesn’t waste any time. Obviously, he’s been here before because he completely ignores the menu and gives his order outright, from starter to dessert, plus his choice of wine and coffee. My heart is still set on fish and chips, but I highly doubt they’ll have it here, so I just ask for a salad.
Dad raises an eyebrow.
“I’m trying to be good,” I say with a shrug. 
Dad chats as we wait for our food to come. He’s very good at keeping our conversation innocuous – nothing that might give his troubles away or give an impression that he’s not in control. And I always enjoy our talks. He’s the best storyteller in the world. Maybe because of the adventures he’s had, and he’s had hands-on experience about almost everything. I don’t think there’s any country in the world that he hasn’t been, and that includes North Korea.
Strange that he doesn’t seem intoxicated now, as though I’ve only imagined the way he sounded over the phone. As always, he looks polished. Collected. 
Halfway through his main course, he fishes his phone out. His eyes narrow, then he frowns. Something’s up and he has to leave, I’m pretty sure of it. He slips his phone back into his jacket pocket and picks up his napkin.
“There’s something I need to take care of.”
I completely and honestly understand, and I’m used to this now, so I’m not even disappointed when I say, “Sure.” I don’t want him to feel the need to apologise. 
He gets up and kisses the top of my head.
“Ahem!”
Dad cocks his head to the side. I meet his eyes, then incline my head towards the food in front of me. His eyes spark with understanding. There’s an amused smile on his lips when he reaches inside his jacket again, producing a wad of cash. 
“Finish this quickly then go home.”
“KK.”
The waiter watches him leave and is probably wondering what now, with the way he’s glancing at me. I wave him over, cancel the rest of Dad’s order and ask for the bill. But I have no intention of going home. Not yet anyway. I still want that fish and chips. 
As the doorman opens the door for me, I feel the excitement run along my back. I can feel the pep in my step. I know it’s stupid but when you’ve been wanting to do or experience something for so long and now you’re about to do it, you can’t help but be thrilled, no matter how pathetic it is, like fish and freaking chips.
My brain is producing some enzyme because suddenly I can smell it. I have to stop the urge to laugh…
“Hi.”
I freeze. For a moment, I can’t pick the right response. Lennox is standing, more like waiting, outside by the door like a guard. His hands are in his pockets, staring across the road, bouncing on his heels.
I realise he didn’t say “hi” to me. He’s practicing. 
“Hi,” I say.
He jumps, like he’s seen a giant talking rat. 
“What are you doing here?” 
“I saw you from the window.”
I feel a tinge of guilt because I’m obviously not doing homework. But then again, I don’t give a shit. I put my right hand on my hip. “Are you stalking me?”
He completely ignores my quip. “I wasn’t avoiding you. There are so many things going on lately, with Zoe and my Dad…”
WHAT?! “What?”
Caution, then realisation sparks in his eyes. He blushes. “I want to say I’m sorry.”
Fucking hell! Am I really that obvious? My face suddenly feels really warm. How can this guy read me like he’s one of us, like he has the ability? I’ve put myself in a vulnerable position here. I have to double my wall, make it thicker, in case he can see through it. “So you followed me?” 
“Yes. I have to apologise straight away, in person, because I won’t be able to sleep if I don’t, and I feel really sick in my stomach knowing that I have offended you.”
My eyes narrow. “Seriously?”
“No. I took some stuff to the dry cleaners.” He grins, jerking his thumb to his right. And there it is, across the street – Johnson’s the Cleaners. 
Bastard.
“So. Are you going home now?” Lennox asks.
“No. I’m going to get some fish and chips. Do you want to come with?” I bite my tongue as soon as the words are out. I just refused this guy a couple of hours ago, and now I’m inviting him!
“Didn’t you just eat?” Lennox eyes are wide with surprise.
“I just had a salad.”
“In there?” He still has this expression like he can’t quite figure me out. So I explain that my father was with me, but he received an urgent call from “work.”
“So he buggered off?” 
“Basically… yeah.”
His face pulls into a look of comprehension. Then he says with a smile, “Fish and chips, eh? All right then. Let’s get fat together.”
Chapter Eight
I open my eyes and lie very still. I’m in my bedroom, finally drifting off to sleep after countless replays in my head of the hours I’ve spent with Lennox. But there’s another voice in the house – an unfamiliar voice. Unfamiliar voices always jerk me awake. I stare above me, knowing the ceiling is right there but I can’t see it through the dark. My room is in complete blackness, like a tomb. Then slowly, my eyes adjust to the dark and things start to take shape – the chandelier hanging above, near the foot of my bed, the flat screen TV across the room that still hasn’t been plugged in but is already hanging on the wall, my jacket draped on the back of the chaise near the window…
“Why are you here?” 
That’s my father’s voice. He sounds calm, but I hear an undercurrent, like he’s not pleased to see whoever it is. 
“You didn’t tell me she came with you,” the foreign voice says. It’s an old man’s voice, gritty and hoarse and a bit shaky. But it’s a voice that has authority.
“Because she didn’t,” my father answers. 
“Ah! Already showing her rebellious side, I gather.”
There’s a distinct pride in his words, like he’s taking credit for my stubbornness. Like what I did was something admirable. Who can he be?
But my father answers, “You can’t see her. It’s late. She’s asleep.”
The old man laughs. And it sounds slightly bitter. “Even if I came here early in the evening, you will not let me see her anyway.”
“And you know why.”
“I know, but I don’t completely understand. What happened in the past was not my fault.”
“I just want her safe.”
“And being as far away from me as possible will guarantee that, you reckon? I chose you over my own children…”
“And look where it got you.” 
I sit up, swinging my legs over the edge of the bed. The floor is freezing, shocking the tips of my toes. I want to dash out of the room, have a tiny peek to see, but instead I quietly drop onto the cold hard floor, flat on my front, my ear pressed against the narrow gap under the door. I smell a woody scent and wax mixed together. The flooring is hard on my chest and I have to use my arms to support my upper body to get comfortable or my boobs will get squashed.
“I didn’t ask you to do that.” Dad sounds sorry. He never sounds sorry in his life. I’m puzzled.
“No, you didn’t.” After a minute of silence, I hear some noise – a door handle turning, a gush of wind, traffic and some other outside sounds. Whoever he is, he’s leaving. “Thank you, by the way. The money will be wired to you as per our usual protocol.”
“Hang on, just wait a sec. I’m sorry – about him. Whatever it is that you’re planning to do, let me do it.”
“One of my spies is dead. Isaac killed Malcolm and Isaac is my responsibility. He is my son. I let this whole damn situation come to this. I have known it for a while, but I kept looking the other way.” 
“I can take care of it all. Just bring him to me.”
“I can’t. It’s too late for that. His hatred of me is too strong; I don’t think it would work. It’s what drives him to hurt me in every possible way. So I’ll clean this mess up. Not you.” There’s genuine anguish in the old man’s voice. “Besides, I don’t want to put you in a very bad position with…”
“I’m already in that position. You don’t have to be. She’s all you’ve got left.”
“No, but I suppose in your eyes, she is.” The old man’s voice drops to a whisper, and for a moment I’m grateful for my sharp hearing. “Just so you know she never spilled a word to me, to anyone.”
“I didn’t mess with her mind.”
“I’m not implying that you did. Why are you always so defensive, Ian?” the old man asks, but not in an accusing manner. In fact, he sounds to be in awe. Whoever this person is, he cares for my father wholeheartedly. I can tell from his voice. He speaks to my father with admiration, with reverence. As though he believes that my father can do nothing wrong. And I think I know now who he is.
“I’ll ring you when it’s done.”
I hear the door close with a click. Quickly, I push myself off the floor, slip under the bedcovers and lie on my side, my back to the door. Within a few seconds, a light comes through as my bedroom door opens a little, and I see my father’s shadow on the wall.


*****


My father is waiting for me in the kitchen the next morning, his face lifting up as I walk in. Our eyes meet and I notice he’s dressed for training – all in black, in complete contrast to the kitchen wall. This house might be a period property but this kitchen is far from being old. An L-shaped glossy white worktop runs along the left wall then curves to the right, extending as a breakfast counter. Grainy chocolate cupboards stand against the adjacent wall, from floor to ceiling. They look so new and unused. 
Sunlight reflects off the tiled floor from the French door that leads to the garden at back. The reflection ends where my father stands, literally next to his boots. I guess even the sun sometimes refuses to touch him. He looks so calm today, no frown showing on his pristine features. I don’t mind seeing him with a day’s worth of stubble on his jaw and chin, but today they’re all gone. His left hand rests on the breakfast counter. “Are you off somewhere?” he asks, lifting his glass of orange juice to his lips while eyeing my outfit. 
I feel a pang of disappointment. What did I expect? That he’d just blurt who it was that came to visit last night? Or that he’d ask me if I heard something? Perhaps I should just come right out and ask.
But I know myself. I’m not going to. I’ve turned my back on my mother and everyone on her side, the moment she walked out, and I’m not looking back. I’m not reopening doors. Not even a small window. Not even a tiny spyhole. 
I’m not. 
I look down at my oversized white vest with a huge smiley-face on the front, black leggings and black knee-high riding boots. “No,” I lie.
“Perfect.” He sets his glass down. “Breakfast?”
I shake my head. “Don’t you have work to do?”
“Not today.”
“Not today,” I repeat. Great. “Let me change into something more comfortable.” I manage to hide the disappointment in my voice. 
“That will do just fine. Just put on a coat. We’re going out.” He unhitches himself from the counter, running his hand over his dark wavy hair. 
I nod, turning on my heels. As I make my way up the stairs, I send Lennox a message, asking for a rain check. Today is the charity run, and I promised him that I will be there.
Let me know when you’re back, he replies. Part of me wonders why, while the other part has already agreed to his request. But I don’t reply.
I choose a black military jacket and button it up to my throat. If we’re going out, then we’re not doing combat training, which is a relief because I’m not in the mood and it’s getting boring. Weapons training – I prefer that. It’s dangerous and exciting and educational. If that’s what we’re going to do, and I’m going to find out very soon, then it’s not a let-down. Not a let-down at all.
Dad is outside, loading a sleek, black case into the boot of the SUV. I feel a tingle of excitement in my toes. Guns, I’m pretty sure of it, and I wish he’s taking me somewhere I can shoot some moving, living creatures, with real bullets. The sadistic demon in me is surfacing, and I feel a laugh building in my stomach.
When my father first taught me how to fire a gun, we were in an outdoor shooting range up a mountain in Arizona. There were targets for practice nailed to the trees and men with white moustaches and hanging bellies were shooting their respective targets with cheap looking Glocks. A few of them gave my father a curious look, while others frowned at him, their eyes registering disbelief. Fair enough. I was only thirteen. 
We didn’t stay long. Workmen arrived early the next morning and started converting our basement to a shooting range. 
I loved it. It became my favourite place in the house. If my Dad allowed me, I would have moved my bed there and made it my bedroom. That’s how comfortable I was in that room, and it was odd and very unusual. Everything about guns fascinated me. I had memorised the different kinds and different parts. I loved the clicking noise when I reloaded, and the smell of the gunpowder. And most of all, I loved the way a gun fit in my hand.
We drive for almost an hour. The road slopes and winds. This is relaxing, if I’m being honest. I see green everywhere as we pass some fields with rolled hay and grazing sheep. I press the power button to open the window slightly. It slides down just a little, and I close my eyes, letting the fresh cold breeze fan my face. The air here smells clean, a complete contrast to the smell of pollution and pee in New York. 
We talk for a few minutes. He asks about school, how I’m getting on. I answer him honestly – which is “it’s not that bad.” But I don’t tell him why it’s suddenly not so bad anymore. Not because I’m worried that he will tease me mercilessly or he will undertake a full investigation. I’m worried about what he will think because he knows me so well. And I don’t want him to confirm what I think is happening to me. 
I don’t ask him about his work. He’s not going to give me a different answer from his usual “don’t worry about it” response anyway. Instead, I ask him about his personal life.
“Are you seeing anyone?”
Dad looks at me from the corner of his eye. He’s trying to rearrange his features, make his face look stony so I reconsider the subject. “Nope,” he answers with an extra-long N.
“Why the heck not? You’re human. You have… you know… needs?”
That gets a laugh out of him. “If we’re finally having our father-daughter sex lecture here, this is not how I imagined it would be.”
I realise I’m treading dangerous water here. But this is too interesting to let go. “Are you not dating anyone now, or don’t you date ever?”
He sighs, really loud. “I’m not seeing anyone on a regular basis or occasional basis or any basis whatsoever.”
“When was the last time you got laid?”
“Jesus, Elle!”
“What?”
“That is none of your business.”
“I want to know.”
He doesn’t answer. 
“Dad? Dad? DAD?”
“Last week,” he snaps. 
I blink. 
No way. 
Really? 
I have to say I’m a little bit disgusted and I have to remind myself why we’re having this conversation. “Who was it?” Please don’t say it was the school’s headmistress.
He stares at the road ahead with narrow eyes, as if he’s considering how much information to disclose. “Some model I met while doing recon. There. Satisfied?”
I can feel my jaw start to slack. I snap my gaping mouth shut and sit back, crossing my arms over my chest. It’s not hard to imagine him attracting a model’s attention, with his angelic face, impeccable manners and excellent taste in clothes. Even the blind and the stupid would want him.
We leave the main road and Dad squeezes the SUV through a narrow, dirt passage, heading towards the belly of the woods. I wince when I hear a thick branch scrape the side of the car. My father doesn’t seem to mind. He stops in the middle, almost cocooned within the bushes and the tress, hidden. 
He opens the door, pushing the branches aside in the process, as far as they will allow. And it isn’t much. He has to squeeze his way out.
“Where are we?” I follow him out of the car, and I’m overwhelmed by the smell of wet leaves and earth – damp and strong. Birds chirp above us. Their wings flutter as they fly away, disturbed by our presence. 
“Epping,” he answers.
There’s an f-ing slug trying to crawl over the tip of my boot. I kick it off.
Dad slings the black case across his shoulder. “Shall we?”
I nod. We make our way farther into the woods. The ground is covered with dry, fallen leaves, but Dad walks over them without a sound. I don’t make a sound either. As we advance deeper, the woods become so dense that I can barely see sunlight. This is all getting mysterious and electrifying. We’re going hunting.
A few yards ahead, I see a clearing. I walk faster. I don’t even notice that I have walked past my father. My eyes are wide as I take in the sight in front of me – the almost circular space bathed in sunshine, the golden light filtering through the dark trees surrounding the area, the green carpet of moss. Here, the air smells different, like freshly cut grass and rain.
I turn around and find my father arranging knives on top of a massive, black rock at the edge of the clearing. They glint under the sun. Each knife has a strong pointed stainless steel blade and deadly sharp double edges with holes on the handle. “This place looks a little spiritual for that sort of activity, don’t you think?” I ask. Suddenly, it doesn’t feel right to do what we came here for. Suddenly, I want a good book and a picnic basket. 
I stop myself from thinking of a certain someone.
“You’re such a girl!” he mocks, rolling his eyes. “This is the most secluded part of the forest. If we go farther that way,” he gestures to his right, “we could get arrested for bringing these.” He gestures to his knives. Then he walks past me, towards the tree on the other side of the clearing, and draws a circle the size of a side plate on the trunk with a chalk.
Okay. I approach the black rock and pick a short one. The target reduces to the size of an orange from here. I’ve done knife throwing with him before, once, and I have to admit I’m not excellent with it. I need more practice if I want to be as good with it as I am with guns.
It feels somewhat strange in my hand, too light and too small. Maybe a sword will feel better, but that’s another weapon, and another training that my father promised to give. He said it wasn’t that important because this was not medieval times, hence not top priority.
“It’s all in the wrist,” he says from behind me. I have no idea why I can’t always hit a target with knives when a target is still a target, regardless of the weapon in use. “Keeping your wrist straight or locked is as significant as a good line of vision, as well as the right arm motion and a perfect stance.”
With a gun, it’s point and fire. With a knife, it’s aim and throw, but how can I aim and throw within a span of a second? The knife doesn’t fly in a straight line on its own, unlike a bullet. 
As if to prove it to me that it can be done, Dad picks up a knife and in one swift motion, throws it. It is as swift as lightning. It hits the tree, the tip buries right in the middle of the circle.
I bite my lower lip. 
“I don’t expect you to do that right now. But with constant practice, you’ll get there.”
Is it just my imagination, or does he really sound condescending? 
He’s smirking like a cat. Of course. He’s baiting me. My father doesn’t give pep talk or encouraging words. He prefers silence accompanied by pointed looks that drive me mad. He’d rather show how it’s done, then push until I do it right or break. 
I feel my blood warm, and there’s a ringing in my ears. I’ll never break.
I copy his posture, feet apart and chest out. I squint as I bring the knife up in front of me. I pull it closer, my eyes on the target, and hurl the knife forward. I watch it fly, spinning blade over handle. It sticks a few inches above my father’s.
He smiles. It’s small, but it’s still a smile. I guess my first effort was not too bad.
I walk back and forth, collecting and throwing. I’ve hit the target a few times, but that’s still not enough for me. I want to hit the target all the time. I’m nothing if not perfect at what I’m doing. Same principle that my father uses, I think, though he never said so. But he’s always seamless, spot-on. I glance at him from the corner of my eyes, and he’s standing there, on the side, watching me in silence, with mild intensity, with his arms folded over his chest.
I swivel my arm. Then I shift. I face my father, the target on my right. Dad raises both eyebrows. A question? A challenge? I’m not sure which. Then I remember last night and my heart starts beating fast, the way it does when I’m on to something but I don’t know where to begin or if I should. I pick another knife from the rock with my left hand and pass it to my right. This time when I turn my head to the side, I see nothing but the target, pulsing like it’s alive. 
I flip the knife in my hand so I’m holding it by the blade. I pull my elbow back and let the knife fly. 
Chapter Nine
To say that I feel exhilarated is an understatement. My right arm throbs, but I don’t mind. Knife throwing can easily be my next favourite pastime. 
I’m happy to stay in the woods and throw knives for hours, but Dad has to be somewhere. On our way back, he drops me off at the town centre, as per my request, without a question. Then he drives off.
Its better this way, I think – being with him and at the same time, away from his other life. I’ve crossed that line, the line he drew when he raised me into this world, the line that made sure I couldn’t set foot inside the dangerous part of his existence. I feel more confident. I’m no longer afraid, and I’m glad that I’ve lost that fear because I hate being daddy’s clingy little girl.
But if my presence makes him feel smothered and restricted, he doesn’t let it show. And I don’t care. He has to get used to this setup now, because this ain’t going to change.
My lips stretch into a smile. I follow the line of barrier along the High Street, my hands inside my pockets, staring at the road I’m walking on, watching my booted feet take one step after the other.
“Hello there, trouble!”
I stop and look up. “Hi.” For the life of me, I can’t remember his name. Its Lennox’s blond manager. And he’s standing in front of me, blocking my way.
“I don’t think we’ve been properly introduced before. I’m Adam.”
That’s why! “Jules.” 
“I was hoping I’d see you here,” he says. He looks over his shoulder. A group of boys and girls, I assume his friends, are chatting and shooting glances at us.
“Why?” I ask. “Is Lennox around?”
His expression shifts a little, but he keeps the smile on his face. “Umm… he’s still running.”
I rest my weight on my left foot. “How come you’re not?”
“The newbies always do the run on the company’s behalf. It’s our rule,” he adds with a little laugh, and I’m thinking that’s a form of bullying, discrimination. I feel like telling him so. Then he says, “I should probably let you go.” He steps aside. “Can I…”
Cheers erupt from somewhere as the runners approach. There are quite a few of them, more than 50, I assume. Most of them are wearing their own company t-shirts, bearing their company logos and chosen charity. I spot Lennox quite easily. He’s wearing navy tracksuit bottoms and a t-shirt that hugs his shoulders and arms perfectly. There’s an A4 sized paper pinned on the front of his t-shirt that says 0025 The Ascend. He waves and runs towards me. I guess the run is finished then. 
He stops a few feet away, greeting a clapping group of people from his work. Someone gives him a blue towel to wipe his sweat off, while the others slap him on the back. Out of nowhere, Zoe appears and wraps her arms around his neck and kisses his cheek. I stop whatever evil thing my brain is starting to mull over and just watch him pull away slowly, smiling down at her but not saying a word. 
I don’t know why but I feel like I’ve won something big.
Lennox looks a little embarrassed as he comes closer. As he reaches my side, he looks at Adam, then at me. “You came,” he says, a little breathless. He grins. “A little late, but still.”
Adam hands Lennox a bottle of water before turning away, his lips pressed together tightly. As though he has had second thoughts, he looks back and raises a hand in a gesture like a wave, then winks at me. Lennox and I wave him off at the same time. 
“He fancies you. Did he ask you out?”
The question surprises me. I can’t answer straight away. “No,” It came out quite defensive, and I bite the inside of my cheek. “I don’t think so.” I laugh a little. I suppress the urge to tease him, ask if he’s jealous. 
Let’s not go there. 
Lennox touches my hair. “What have you been up to?” he asks, twirling a little twig that he’s untangled from my hair. “Wait for me here. I want to take you somewhere.”
I nod. He grins, walks a few steps backwards, as though he’s making sure I’m not going to disappear or move, before whirling completely. He wipes the sweat off his nape. The movement draws my attention to the wet patch on his back, his wide shoulders, his v-shaped torso, the nice swell of his…
“So it is you. The American.”
Bells shrill in my ears. The voice comes from behind me. I know who it belongs to. The way she says “the American” sounds like an insult, like I’m a leper or something. Before I do anything that I might or might not regret later – like slam her face against the brick wall, I take a deep calming breath and force myself not to respond.
“I’m sorry. I don’t know why I said that.”
I know, but I don’t say it. I’m sure it will not come out politely.
Zoe takes a couple of steps closer and stands next to me. I cross my arms over my chest. She’s staring after Lennox in silence, like a child staring after a red balloon that has slipped out of her hand. She watches him go until he disappears around the corner. Her eyes are a little glassy when she says, “I ruined everything way beyond repair, but I’m still here, desperately trying to patch things up.” 
Wow. Couldn’t be more uncomfortable. 
I cough.
Zoe’s back goes rigid, as though she forgot that I’m right here. She faces me but she can’t quite meet my eyes. I can tell she didn’t mean to say it out loud, most especially to me. I think she just finally admitted to herself that it’s over.
Her chin wobbles a little. I hope she’s not going to cry. She’s pretty, I’m aware of that, but seeing her face up close like this, I have to say, she’s more than pretty. She has freckles on the bridge of her nose that look so cute. “Why are you telling me this?” I ask.
She smiles and gives a little nervous laugh. “I have no idea.”
I stare at her. She’s still in love with him, that’s obvious, but she really is in love with him. Not the obsessive kind of love where she thinks she has to be with him because she deserves him, they’re good together and she thinks everyone else will pale in comparison to him, and she has no intention of settling for anyone less. She loves him in a sense where she wants him to be happy. She doesn’t want him hurt. 
I drop my hostility. 
I thought it would be awkward, but I find myself having a friendly, innocent chat with Zoe. I’ve managed to steer our conversation away from anything “Lennox” and focused on school and people we both know. She’s… nice. I was ready to hate her, but now I find it impossible.
Out from the corner, I see Lennox appear. He’s changed into jeans and a blue and grey striped polo-shirt. I notice how his steps falter a little on seeing me and Zoe together. His eyes widen. It’s funny really, it’s like the typical reaction of a teenage boy who walks into his room and finds his mother going through his stacks of Playboy.
“You should come with us sometime,” Zoe says.
Lennox is coming up behind Zoe. “Come with you where?” he asks, looking from me to Zoe. Zoe jumps and laughs, batting him on the arm.
I don’t feel jealous. I don’t. “Zoe just asked me to go clubbing with her and her friends,” I tell Lennox, and then to Zoe, “Let me know when and we’ll see.” 
She nods. She turns to Lennox. Lennox just stares back at her. “Oh! You’re going somewhere.” Its half question, half not. Her face flushes.
“I’m… sort of her designated tour guide,” Lennox says. 
“That’s… lovely,” she says. She bounces off her heels. “I’ll see you later.”
“Right,” Lennox breathes the word out. I wonder why. Lennox steers me away, his hand on the small of my back. I glance at him and he smiles at me without showing his perfect teeth.
“She’s actually nice,” I say.
“Yeah, she’s nice,” he says like yeah, whatever.
“One mistake doesn’t define a person.”
“But if the same mistake is repeated – then yes. The girl is a trollop.” He grabs my hand as we cross the road, going past a couple of benches and a statue of a soldier atop a massive white rock. Our hands fit perfectly, as though the lines of our palms are fused together. I’m struggling to keep my brain locked. “I’m sorry but I prefer my women faithful, thank you very much,” he adds.
Aha. So she cheated on him.
I thought it was harsh of him to call Zoe a slut, but obviously he’s well within his rights. 
We cross another road. “Unless of course, if the infidelity is with another girl. I wouldn’t object to a threesome.” 
I burst out laughing. My face is getting hotter by the second. “You’re a pervert.”
“That was a joke.” Lennox is laughing too.
“I know.” I pull my hand away. His warm palm is too distracting. Instead, I hook my arm around his. I let him guide me along the streets of Windsor, walking leisurely and admiring the bricked buildings – some yellow, some red. His arm is a little cold. How can he go out in this weather without a coat? I rub my hand over his skin to make him warm. 
Beneath my fingers, the muscle on his arm flexes as the rest of his body tenses, but only for a split moment. Within that same moment, I catch an expression on his face that I can only describe as a bit pained. When we reach the pub called The Two Brewers at the end of the street, I have this feeling he’s going to bolt inside and hide. But he doesn’t. He flashes me another smile, removes his arm from my grip and wraps it around my shoulder, as we enter a park through a gateway. 
Friends walk like this. They do.
I don’t say a word. I take in our new surroundings without really seeing what’s around us. It’s funny how Lennox can make me feel normal and extra safe. Comfortable. Like being in a cocoon filled with cotton. 
And it’s also quite scary that he can make me drop my guard.
“That’s the castle?” I know it is, but I had to ask anyway. I’ve never seen it from this angle. I gaze at it through the closed metal gate. I turn around, finally noticing our surroundings. “This is The Long Walk?”
Lennox nods.
“Wow. How long is this road exactly?”
“Two point sixty four miles, and it’s not exactly a road. More like a path.”
It’s a hell of a path. I lift my chin up to see the length of it. I can’t even see where it ends. “What’s on the other side?”
“Snow Hill.”
I have no idea what that is, but I nod anyway. Lennox squeezes my shoulder, sauntering away from the gate. This, I notice, is how Lennox normally gets to places. He saunters, like he has all the time in the world. We’re complete opposites. 
As we stroll, Lennox tells me the history behind this place, how King Charles II had thousands of elm trees planted the entire length of the path, and then how Queen Anne had a road constructed down the centre of the treeline to make it a more comfortable road to travel on, and how back in the mid-1800s, prostitutes used to hound the Castle-end of the walk. 
I’m pretty sure that was my grandfather, the old man who visited last night. Dad made a few insinuations during training, like baiting a rabid dog, testing if I’d bite. Very brave of him, because if I did bite, I wonder how he’d manoeuvre his way out of answering. Just like me, everything about my mother or anyone associated with her is on my Dad’s do-not-speak-about file.
“I know it’s boring,” Lennox says, and I feel a mental tug, like the picture in front of me suddenly changes from an earlier scene to now. Lennox is scratching his left temple. 
I have a feeling I missed a big chunk of today’s history lesson. “Actually, it’s fascinating. You don’t strike me as someone who likes history.” 
Lennox grins. “Admit it, your thoughts wandered off, you compulsive liar.” He laughs without a care if he insults me or not. Not that I’m offended. But I ram my elbow at him, anyway. 
“Ooof!” he exclaims, clutching his side. Then he shoves me. I shove back. He bumps into a jogger wearing a pair of electric pink shorts that match her electric pink socks and wristband. 
“Sorry,” Lennox says, glancing at the jogger with his right hand up in a gesture of apology. The woman scowls in return. He turns to me and mouths what the fuck. His beautiful blue eyes are open wide in mock disbelief.
I suck in my breath. I don’t think there are enough adjectives in the dictionary to describe how beautiful he is.
I stare straight ahead, because if I don’t, my face will flush and he will know what’s in my mind. Then I start yakking about New York, my old school and my best friend. I miss Cassie and I feel a heavy tug in my chest, so I change the subject again, telling him random stories such as that time I got trapped on that secret beach surrounded by huge rocks in the Philippines because the tide was too high for me to swim out through a secret tunnel, and how Dad tricked me into eating a fucking cockroach when we were in Thailand and I was sick for an entire day. 
From the corner of my eyes I see a flash, and I look, trying to figure what the hell it is, but it’s kind of hard. It glistens under the sun. “What is that?”
“Statue of King George III.”
Now I see. It’s a statue of the king on horseback. We’re really close to the finish line, and I didn’t even notice. What is it about him that makes me lose focus?
By the time we reach the statue, I’m panting. I lie down on the ground, not caring if there’s any bird or deer poop hidden beneath the grass. Lennox sits next to me, a grin plastered on his face. Where the fuck is he getting his energy from?
“I haven’t been here for quite a while. My mum used to come here when she needed some time out. She’d sit here and stare out towards the castle.” 
I freeze in the process of swallowing.
Lennox sighs. I close my eyes. After a moment, I feel Lennox’s shoulder bump mine. I become hyper aware of him then, lying next to me, his left arm just a few centimetres next to mine. It’s a bit cold. My fingers ache to touch him as if they’re seeking his warmth, but I don’t. When I look at him, I find him staring up at the sky, lost in his thoughts. 
“Tell me about her,” I say.
“She was lovely and mysterious. Half the time she seemed lost, like a part of her was floating in the middle of the sea and waiting for the tide to take her somewhere.” He covers his eyes with his right arm. “My father, on the other hand, considered us his trophies.” 
“Why do you say that?”
He shrugs and his shoulder rubs against mine. “He was one of those guys that you would love to hate. I took my mother’s last name because I don’t want to have anything to do with him.”
I’m about to open my mouth to offer some words of wisdom – actually, more like voice my uninvited opinion, when he suddenly turns onto to his side, props himself up on his elbow and faces me. Our faces are just inches away from each other. Up close, those eyes are even more breath taking. 
The rest of my thoughts fizzle out completely. I can’t even string a sentence. 
“When I turned eighteen, I bought myself a microwave,” he says out of the blue. 
Ah. Okay. The information is weird and random, but I know when to take a cue. I know when the subject has been abruptly closed and changed.
“What about you?”
“What about me?” I ask.
“Do you have a master plan when you turn eighteen?”
“If I have a plan, it doesn’t include a microwave.”
Lennox laughs softly. I look up and he looks slightly embarrassed, but the corners of his lips quirk up into a barely-there smile. I like his smile. It makes him more adorable, if that’s even possible.
“I haven’t thought of it, to be honest.”
He scoots closer. He stares at me, his hand edging closer to my arm. I freeze and shut my brain, as if by default. Then I think it’s ridiculous. It’s Lennox, not my Dad. 
But he doesn’t touch me. “These past few days, I was wary, unsure… but I can’t stop thinking…” He sighs.
Call me weird or crazy, but I swear I can feel his energy wrap around me. He’s so close and the proximity is making me dizzy. He makes me feel like I can’t trust myself. 
A group of children races around us, chattering and pointing animatedly, their footsteps echoing like tidal waves. Just like that the moment is over. I look away from Lennox, rubbing my face with my hands – to quell and hide my disappointment. I know what he was about to say. I wasn’t born yesterday. Part of me doesn’t want to hear it because I’m afraid everything will be ruined. I can’t be his rebound. But a bigger part of me wishes that I’d stop overthinking things and just do what I want, on a whim. Like to hell with it, I only live once, life is a fucking bitch and it’s too damn short. 
Unfortunately, that’s the thing. Life is short, and for me and my Dad, it could be shorter. So I don’t have the luxury of doing things on an impulse. 
This is upsetting me big time. If I had a gun with me I’d probably fire a couple of rounds. “It’s getting cold.”
Lennox jumps to his feet, smiling, and it’s the kind of smile that will inspire you to do anything, even something stupid. It’s also the kind of smile that says he feels relieved, like he’s been found not guilty and has escaped death penalty. He offers his hand to me and says, “Come on, chop-chop, plenty to see.”
Chapter Ten
My Dad often warns me about running when the sun is down, but I’m not a morning person. Evening runs are my favourite. I can run for hours with no definite destination in mind, lost in my thoughts. Running is therapeutic for me. It relaxes me, keeps my mind off the fact that my father is somewhere on this earth, killing someone or possibly getting hurt. And it keeps my mind off a certain boy that drives me insane.
After school, I pick up some take-away, then head straight home. My father is out again, and before I find the alone situation so damn dreary that I’m ready to do something illegal, like… I don’t know, shoot a pigeon resting on our neighbour’s roof, I change into a pair of navy, skinny crop sweatpants with matching hoodie and running shoes. Jogging it is then. But this time, there’s no Lennox. I pull my hair into a bun and unplug my phone from its charger. Earphones in, I set the music on shuffle. 
It’s easy to fall into step, despite the depressing weather. It’s drizzling again, or spitting as per Lennox’s urban dictionary. The woods will be too muddy and too dark for running, so I decide to take the path down the hill, away from the detached houses with wide driveways and big garages, heading to a more congested part of the village.
My adrenaline is pumping, keeping my body warm, but not my face. Though I have a hood covering my head, I can feel rainwater trickling along my hairline. As the icy wind slaps and sprays raindrops on my face, I can feel my skin numbing and my nose turning pink. I smile and reach a new conclusion: it’s better to jog when the weather is cold, but under the rain is the best.
I watch my feet move steadily over the wet concrete ground, rainwater splashing under my running shoes. I settle into an easy pace, allowing myself to get lost in my thoughts. I run along the footpath, passing terraced houses and parallel-parked cars. My feet seem to be leading me to a very familiar road, so I turn in the opposite direction.
Come on, Elle. Get a freaking grip.
We never talked about it, though we saw each other almost all the time after that day at Snow Hill. Lennox probably thinks he has dodged a bullet. Not that I want him to reopen the subject, but I can’t stop thinking how things would have progressed if we were not interrupted.
It’s torturing me, this emotional yo-yo, all this pushing and pulling. And it’s crazy how I want to give in to my naughty, reckless side, the one that’s been urging me to go for it and have a British fling, the one that’s asking me what damage would it do because I’m leaving anyway. 
But the other side of me warns me that there will be some damage. And it might cost me a lot. I can’t start something that I know will be a disaster. We’ll be just friends, until it is okay to be more.
I mean, if it will ever be okay, or possible. And that’s a gigantic IF.
I mean, I like Lennox, I think I can trust him with certain things – but not everything. 
And I can only allow myself to like.
I pick up speed. My breath is getting heavier now, straining against the pressure and the cold wind blowing on my face. I can feel my heart’s steady rhythm against my ribcage. My hood comes off my head, and I leave it off, letting my hair get wet. The rain is officially pouring now, not just a drizzle, and puddles start to collect like little ponds on the sidewalk. I don’t bother avoiding them. I liked splashing when I was a child. 
There are some things that you don’t outgrow. This is mine. 
Come to think of it, I haven’t actually invaded Lennox’s mind. Yes, I did the odd background checks, and I probably took a little peek in his brain during the first couple of days, but I am in fact getting to know him in a customary way. And I thought it will be scary, like jumping down a deep, dark hole without knowing if there’s a safety net below. But in reality, it’s not that bad.
It’s a shame that I don’t know how long we’re staying here. I’m rooting for months. In fact, and this has nothing to do with the blue-eyed boy with creamy-honey skin, I want to make a home here. I notice that Dad doesn’t seem like in any hurry to finish his business here either, although he’s out most of the time, sometimes for a few days, possibly doing more recon. But this is his home, this country. I can feel it. Besides, New York is becoming too busy for me. I think I could settle here, but I don’t know about my father.
My Dad used to be a SIS spy. He was the youngest and apparently, the most promising agent they had. In time, he went off the radar permanently, went AWOL after he met Jack Christensen, my grandfather on my mother’s side. He said my grandfather has a way of attracting people, and by people, he meant spies and assassins. 
“Were you in a secret group?” I asked him once and he looked at me as if I had insulted him. But he did say they were secret, but not necessarily a ‘group’. They do their own thing.
“It’s the freedom, the absence of rules and not being tied down by politics that made me become one of them, sort of,” he explained.
But every secret has its price. Dad had to fake his death. It wasn’t that hard for him, because his parents were already gone – they died when he was very young. A tragic accident – his father, who had post-war syndrome had a nightmare and whispered his wife to death while they were in bed. After he realised what he had done, he slit his wrists. Dad said his father was so obsessed with the idea of being normal, that he pretended to be normal and vehemently denied the fact that he was not. I think that was his father’s ‘bad choice,’ the choice that went against our ability, the choice that my father stayed away from. 
My father was raised by his aunt and her husband alongside their three children. They were closely knit. His aunt – knowing what he could do – didn’t treat him differently from her children, though none of them shared his ability. She was always supportively mindful of him. He and his cousins were thick as thieves. But he had to let them go, because no matter what he did, he was still different. I understand only too well why he doesn’t want to live in a place that has so many bad and good memories at the same time. 
I veer to the left, taking Sycamore Street, then heading towards Silverdale Road. The street starts to get a little narrow. To my left is an open field with two grazing horses, their bodies covered with tartan rugs. A little ahead is a house with tall bay windows. The house is oddly positioned, too close to the road. I follow the long, winding path; pass the house, when I catch a glimpse of my wet self in the windowpane, and someone else, a few yards behind me – a tall man wearing a black leather jacket.
The hair on the back of my neck stands up. 
Instinct. 
This is too much for a fucking coincidence. Though his head is covered by a hood, I can bet my left ear this is the same man I saw in the bookstore. Same build, same stance. His chin lifts up slightly, and it’s enough for me to see a part of his face before he hides it again. Definitely the same man.
I carry on running, keeping my normal pace to avoid setting him off. I have to think, and fast. The guy is big, muscled like a proper club bouncer. A weapon would be handy, but I have to do without one. I’ll just have to smash his face in with my fists.
And next time, remember to bring a gun wherever I freaking go.
Irritation fuels my adrenaline, and I can feel it pump through my blood. Up ahead, the path is curving again to the left. A big oak tree is almost in the middle of the sidewalk, a dangerous place for it to be if you ask me, but for now I’m grateful that it’s there. I run towards it and quickly crouch behind the massive trunk. I wait until he’s out of my line of sight before I sprint low into an alley between two end terraced houses, plastering my back against the wall.
This is going to be ugly. 
“Come on,” I whisper, taking a peek over my shoulder. He’s still a few feet away, and I can’t tell whether he knows that I have spotted him. But he’s walking purposely now. Either he knows that I know or he thinks he has lost me. Useless fuck. He’s not a very good spy. The knowledge that I’ll be dealing with a dumb ass fills me with relief, though I know that he’s thrice my size. I have very few options here – like jump the fence and run – but I’m not going to, because I can already taste the adrenalin, like metal in my mouth, and I feel myself going numb. I have made my choice.
My body is rigid, ready to spring. I might die here. This is it. 
Do. Not. Move.
A hand clamps over my mouth and I nearly jump out of my skin. I nearly scream. I know that voice in my head – Dad’s. 
And he’s right there, like he popped out of nowhere, dressed in a black suit and a silver tie as if he just came from a business meeting. Only his tie is loose and there’s blood on his sleeve.
What happened?
He doesn’t answer. 
You can let go of my mouth now. You’re smothering me.
Hardly. He lifts his hand off, and then presses it back. His eyes are sharp and cold. His face is giving nothing away. You can thank me out loud, later.
And he’s off, striding out from behind the wall and straight into my stalker’s path. The street is not well lit, so I dismiss my fear of having any witnesses, but I still can’t believe this is going to happen in front of me. I watch in fear as the man, on seeing my father, reaches inside his jacket. My first instinct is to jump and help. My heart hops inside my chest, but before I can do anything, it’s over.
He does it so quietly, so fast. He spins to the right and releases a knife – a knife that’s probably hidden under his sleeve, I’m not sure, I didn’t see. In a single blink, there’s a knife sticking out of the side of the man’s neck. A smell of copper explodes in the air. I see the look of surprise on my stalker’s face before his eyes go blank, expressionless, lifeless. He drops on the ground, sideways, like a big collapsing sack of potatoes, with his hand still inside his jacket.
I think I whimper, but I’m not sure. I breathe out, and I don’t even notice that I have been holding it. Blood slowly spreads on the pavement, wider and wider, mixing with the rainwater. It flows down the path, circling the tree, towards me, and I take a side step to avoid it, my eyes wide in shock, while Dad wipes his knife on the man’s shirt and tucks it away in his jacket. 
This is the first time I see him kill. I should be terrified. I should be one step away from being a damaged kid, mentally unstable. I should be shaking right now, ready to faint or hurl. But instead, I hear myself say, “I could have taken that asshole without your help.”
Dad looks at me then, raising an eyebrow. He steps forward and reaches for my elbow, dragging me away. I shiver, but not from fear. I’m wet. I guess as my adrenaline starts to wear off, I feel the cold raindrops running down my scalp to my neck. 
We march across the road, round the corner, and then cross another road. He’s holding my elbow quite firmly. Normally, I wouldn’t let him tug me like I’ve been caught taking drugs in a public washroom. But I can’t find the will to resist. “You’re just going to leave the body there?”
He doesn’t answer.
“Are you not going to move it?” I ask again.
“And how do you propose I do that? Carry him to my car? Stuff him inside the boot? Dig a deep hole in our back garden and bury him there?” His voice is laced with sarcasm.
I ignore it. “I guess.”
He bursts out laughing, that dry and humourless laugh of his, and I stare at him, wide-eyed. It sort of startles me for a minute. 
My father is a jackass. My suggestion is not absurd. 
We reach an empty car park behind a photo studio, stopping next to a black sedan, rented by the looks of it. He opens the door with enough force that the hinges screech. “Get in,” he hisses between his teeth. “Shut the hell up, and don’t say another word. This is your fault.”
What? “How did it become my fault?”
“Seriously? If you didn’t come here, this would not have happened!”
That’s it. I crack. “If you’d picked a safer career, none of this would ever happen!”
“If I’d picked a different career, I’d be dead by now.”
I have a ready comeback, but I snap my mouth shut. 
“Do you honestly believe someone like me, like us, can live a quiet life? That no one would know about our ability? I chose this career so if and when they find out, I can protect myself. Protect you. Not because I was always in a fight in school and this career is my best option!” He makes an air quote with his fingers as he says the word career.
I can’t help but imagine my father twisting some child’s neck behind the bleachers. “And who are they – the government, a group of scientists?”
He gives me a pointed look. “You watch too many crap films.”
“But who was that? I’ve seen him before…”
Dad goes very still, and I stop short. I don’t think he’s breathing. “Get in the car,” he barks.
I get in the passenger seat without another word, keeping my eyes on the clock on the dashboard, until he gets in the driver’s side and starts the car. I made him angrier, and I don’t know why. “I get it. I should have told you, but I didn’t know.” It’s not like I did something to attract their attention. I’m keeping a low profile, minding my own business. “You have to tell me if someone’s after us. I have to know who we’re up against.” 
Shit, now I talk like him.
“Please, do not pretend to understand things that you don’t. You’re doing my head in,” he says like he’s at the end of his tether. He massages his temples with his fingers.
I hate him sometimes, especially when he’s treating me like an ignorant child. Like right now. 
Dad turns sharply. “You didn’t use your real passport when you came here, did you?”
I groan inside.  
“You did,” Dad states as if to say of course. He takes a deep breath. He wants to throttle me, I can tell.
“I don’t even know why you got me a legal one if I’m not allowed to use it,” I throw in, just to annoy him more.
“I can’t believe you. You never listen to anything I say.” He puts the car in gear and drives. The tires screech against the tarmac, possibly leaving some marks. I want to say that he’s leaving possible signs that might lead them to us, but I pack it in. I feel bad, though I will never admit it. He’s right. It’s my fault. 
The silence is so awkward and so hurting my ears, but I endure the slight discomfort. What will happen now? I mean, do I have to fake my death to throw them off my trail, or dye my hair? We can’t go back home to New York. He’s probably thinking of places where he could hide me. Some little, obscure town or in a jungle, for all I know. Or…
“I’ll help you kill them.” I can’t believe the words that came out of my mouth. And it’s quite shocking that I actually mean them.
Dad turns his head slightly towards me and shoots me that mocking smile of his. “That’s super helpful of you.” 
Oh, I’m just going to ignore it again. 
“I’ll take care of it, okay,” he says curtly. He sets his jaw in that way of his that says it’s the end of the discussion. So I don’t push. I stare out the window, taking in the unfamiliar road. I realise we’re not heading home, but I don’t ask anything. In the reflection in the mirror, I see Dad press some numbers on his phone.
“Yes?” 
It’s a woman’s voice. I stiffen.
“Meet me. Same place, as soon as,” Dad says. 
No, it can’t be her. He’s not shipping me to her! I will not allow it! I’d rather DIE! 
Dad has ended the call. And he’s avoiding my eyes. He knows what I want to know, he knows I’m looking at him, and he must be completely oblivious if he can’t feel my eyes burning a hole on his cheek, but he’s still blatantly ignoring me. I turn to face the window again, trying to stop myself from crying. My throat is burning. My insides feel hollow.
I don’t move, until we reach a cottage in the middle of nowhere. We had to take a narrow, gravelled road to reach it. Dad gets out first, and as I do, he runs his hand above the front door, pries a brick off and extracts a key. I follow him inside. 
Dad sweeps the entire cottage that I have never been to before, securing it. I watch as he checks the inside. The place is small. There’s a reception room on the right, bare apart from a very old chandelier. Straight ahead from the tiny hallway is the kitchen, and to the left there is a door. There’s no upstairs. I know what this place is – a sort of meeting place, a rendezvous, a hide-out, a safe place, you name it. 
I shake my head. “Is there anything to eat here?” I ask.
No answer. 
I make my way to the kitchen though I am almost sure I will not find anything there. But I’m hoping to find a bottle of something strong.
The cupboards look dusty. I check them all but there’s nothing alcoholic in there. I find some old tea bags, but they are probably out of date, given the state of the kitchen. It obviously has been vacant for years. The dust is about two inches thick on the surface and cobwebs hangs like streamers from the ceiling. 
This house is much less grand than the one in Windsor. But the security system is just as advanced. Not the normal burglar alarm in the market. For a house in the middle of nowhere, vacant for years, some homeless prick or teenage thugs will try something. And I bet anyone who tried to break in got shocked or thrown out a hundred feet in the air. 
I rest against the counter, my arms leaning backwards. My dripping clothes make a little puddle on the kitchen floor. My clothes stick to my body, but there’s nothing I can change into. I’m gonna have to leave them to dry on me, probably station myself in front of a radiator or something. 
Leaving shoe prints on the tiled floor, I march from the dusty kitchen to the room that my Dad disappeared into and push the white door open. It creaks. 
I see a woman sitting on an armchair in a corner of the room. I stop in my tracks so suddenly I almost trip over my own feet. Her eyes settle on me, pinning me to the spot. 
Not my mother. Thank God!
Dad stands from his perch. “This is Robin,” he says quickly.
“Robin?” Something clicks in my brain. “As in Robin Christensen?”
From the corner of my eyes, I see the woman smile. 
“No. Just Robin,” Dad deadpans. If he feels anyway uncomfortable, he doesn’t show it. 
“It’s Robin Fawcett, actually,” says the woman.
There’s innuendo in the way she introduces herself, like I’m supposed to remember something. I turn to her fully. She’s pretty. Her short black hair frames her rather pale face. 
Her smile wavers. Her eyes become calculating. “Did your father not tell you about us?”
“Robin…”
“Of course he didn’t. I could easily have been your mother you know, instead of that raging bitch.”
What the fuck is her problem? I stare at her straight in the eyes. “Dad, do you mind telling this strumpet…”
“Okaaay!” Dad interrupts.
“…to keep her fucking mouth shut or I’ll make her swallow her tongue.”
“She’s feisty.” Robin says without taking her eyes off me. She uncrosses and crosses her long, shapely legs, making me aware that she’s wearing a smart, black skirt and black high heels. “It’s nice to finally meet you.”
Before I can respond, Dad says, “Robin is a spy. She works with me from time to time.”
I can’t believe I’m only hearing this now. I point at him and then at her. “You and her…”
“I said she works with me from time to time, Elle,” he answers impatiently, like I should pay more attention to what he’s saying.
“Actually, that’s not really such a bad idea,” says the voice from the corner. I hear a hint of laughter in her voice.
“She also likes to antagonise people. She thinks it’s sexy,” Dad adds through his teeth, turning his head to face her, very slowly. Then he looks at me. “Anyway, we have some business to discuss… so, please?” Dad gestures towards the door. I look at her again and her red lips. It’s like looking at a brunette version of Marilyn Monroe. I don’t know why I’m upset, but I am. 
I turn around, deliberately bumping into the table next to the door. The big oak lamp wobbles. I reach out to straighten it, inconspicuously setting my phone on record and hiding it behind the lamp. 
If she can spy, so can I.
Chapter Eleven
Once upon a time, in a not so distant land, a soldier set off to kill his master’s enemies. And kill them he did – except for one.
A boy. 
In the boy’s eyes the soldier saw an innocent soul, deep and pure. A soul the soldier had lost when he was much younger, and wished to, one day, have back. So in an uncharacteristic whim, he spared the boy’s life, thinking this unusual act of kindness would one day grant him the right to earn back his soul. 
But it wasn’t that simple.
The soldier didn’t know that this rare act of kindness would cost him far more than he was willing to let go, more than his soul. He had no idea that this rare act of kindness would be the start of the end. He did not expect that this rare act of kindness would be like a knife in a trap, waiting for him to fall in. 


*****


As soon as we reach home, I run up to my room without looking back, without waiting for him to say that I’m not allowed to go anywhere. I don’t care. All he said the entire ride is that he has to nip out. And I know exactly what he means. If something happens, he’s not exactly the type who will wait till the next morning to take action.
My left hand rests over my phone after I lock my door, and the little thing seems too heavy in my pocket. Whatever information it holds, I’m certain it has something to do with the attempt on my life. I have to know. I have the right to know, and my father has no right to keep it from me. I don’t buy his the-less-you-know-the-better bullshit.  
I pace in front of my bedroom window, keeping an eye out, waiting for my Dad to finish whatever he is doing downstairs – setting his security system to make sure I’m locked in and the enemies locked out probably, and get back in his car and drive away to hunt someone down. 
But he’s taking forever. 
I can’t stand this anymore. Patience is a virtue that I don’t have. I fish the phone out of my pocket and chuck it onto my bed. It lies there, silently mocking me, teasing me, making me aware of the information it holds and that it shouldn’t be ignored this long. 
I change my clothes, then stand again next to my bed and stare at the phone for a good few seconds, with my arms crossed over my chest, and my forehead seems to hurt from frowning too deep. Fuck it. I dive for it, almost stumbling in the process. I’m kneeling in front of the bed, like I’m praying. My fingers, trembling from both fear and excitement, can’t seem to navigate the touch screen.
 “Is she always like that? She doesn’t like to share daddy?” Robin’s voice in the recording sounds shamelessly seductive. “I don’t see Faye in her at all, fortunately. She’s all you.” 
There’s a pause. At first I think my father found my phone and I wait for the recording to cut off, but it carries on, that faint static sound in the background, like someone’s stirring a few grains of dry rice. Then it occurs to me that Robin was probably trying to rile my Dad, trying to get a response. It seems like she didn’t succeed.
“But you didn’t ask me to come here to meet her, Ian. You never wanted anyone in our circle to lay eyes on her, apart from Sonia, of course. She would do anything for you, after what you did for her.”
“Sonia cares for her genuinely, not because she’s obligated to.”
“Well…”
“Jack is dead.” 
There’s another pause. This time, it’s a long one. Her long silence tells me it’s as explosive a bomb to her as it is to me, based on the hammering inside my chest. I can’t believe what I’ve just heard. He was here three nights ago, or at least I think it was him, but now he’s gone. I’m still processing my feelings when my father’s voice comes back. “I thought you should know. The rest will hear about the news by the end of tomorrow.”
“Who did it?”
“It doesn’t matter. I will take care of him. I need you to clean it up, though. Right now. I want it done quietly. And I don’t want the true cause of death to come out. In fact, I don’t want to hear a whisper about it. Am I clear?”
There’s a moment of silence, then I hear her say, “Can I ask you something? Why didn’t you kill him eight years ago?”
“Kill whom?”
“The boy.”
The silence stretches a little longer this time.
“It didn’t seem like a bad idea then,” Dad says. 
“It was obvious to me and to everyone that Jack was making a colossal mistake when he took the child in. I mean, why would you raise an orphan child after killing his family? Jack didn’t pull the trigger but he’s part of it nonetheless. Raising the boy himself didn’t atone for his fucking sin…”
“Perhaps he wanted a son that wasn’t a constant disappointment.”
“Ah. Because he couldn’t have you,” Robin says, in a voice that’s suddenly full of hatred. 
“This is not about me.”
“Of course it is. It’s always about you. You’re the perfect one, the one Isaac can’t live up to.”
“Are you referring to Poland, Istanbul and Angola? If you think he was trying to live up to my shadow by cold-bloodedly massacring innocent people – innocent children – then you’re as fucked up as he is.”
“You’re so full of yourself.”
“Why so upset, Robin?”
I shake my head. In her line of work, I’m sure she’s trained not to lose control of her emotions. She’s failed. 
This is what my Dad has been drilling into my head, and I’m not even a spy.
I hear Robin’s loud sigh. “Do you know where to find him?
“No. Do you know where Isaac is?”
“Isaac? You said the boy killed Jack.”
It takes a good full minute before I hear my father say, “I didn’t.”
Shit.
“Oh, Robin, you’re not as clever as you’d like to think you are.”
My father’s voice has turned dangerously cold. The hair on the back of my neck crawls. 
I hear a loud thud, then nothing. Dead silence. I strain to listen, but there is nothing but static – a faint sound that covers a form of quietness that’s too heavy, heavy like a soaking wet cloak that was left outside, in freezing air. It’s kind of stifling. 
When my father came to get me in the kitchen, I didn’t notice anything different about him. He looked calm, collected. And when I went in that room to get my phone back, he didn’t even stop me. But I didn’t see anything out of the ordinary, apart from Robin not being there, and I assumed she had left. 
But now I know that I will never, ever see her again. Nor will anyone else. 
Chapter Twelve
I let my phone drop, and it bounces, face down, on the bed. My brain is reeling. I push out the thought of Robin’s body somewhere in that room, hidden to rot or to be collected and buried later, when my father finds the time. At the same time my head feels light, like I’m trying to think but there are so many things, too much information to get within five minutes, my brain can’t pick which one to focus on. It’s like chasing bubbles in the air, each one pops the moment you reach for it, and you’re left running after the others, and you panic, desperate, try too hard to be gentle, but it’s still doesn’t work. You still can’t capture one that’s solid enough to linger on the palm of your hand.
Sonia – my school guidance counsellor was an assassin?
I almost laugh with the absurdity. Sonia and her lyrical voice, her blond hair tied in a tight bun, and her thick rimmed eyeglasses. And her advice! No one can guess what she used to do for a living. She must be a brilliant spy then. And how come this is the only solid bubble on my palm?
My phone rings. I push myself up and walk towards the window, and find that the car is gone. Dad is gone. I hope he’s gone to do something about Robin’s body. A shiver runs down my spine. But who’s going to clean the other mess?
Don’t be ridiculous. Of course it’s already been taken care of.
I press my forehead on the cold window and breathe out. Fog spreads on the glass like an opening flower. My so-called uncle wants me dead, that’s crystal clear, but why am I not surprised? I feel the anger build inside me. 
I’m still missing something. 
Who’s the boy? 
The ringing stops. I’m sure it was just Dad, calling to give further instructions. But after a minute, it starts ringing again. Jesus, he’s persistent. Why can’t he just get on with it and come back home after an hour, like he promised? 
I smirk. I can’t help it. I can feel a bubble of laughter coming up. One hour? It’s like he’s just going to pick up a few groceries from the store! 
I snatch the phone up and say, “What?”
“I’m sorry. Is it a bad time?”
I check the screen. “Sorry! I thought you’re my Dad.”
“Oh.” The relief in Lennox’s voice is quite noticeable. Hearing it makes me feel more confused, but in a different way, like a veil has been abruptly snatched away from my face and all of a sudden I can see clearly, but I didn’t even know I was wearing a veil. 
“What’s up?” I ask. 
“Nothing major, really. I’m… I’m just calling to say that I’m going away.” 
He sounds embarrassed, unsure. But there’s also a hint of desperation in his tone. My heart skips a few beats. I immediately know that he’s not going away on a short vacation. “What?”
“Something came up.” 
That’s all? I sit on the bed, but not because I want to. It just feels like I have to. Sadness and relief blend in me.
“But I’ll see you again, of course,” he says.
I doubt that. I guess this is for the best. At least it won’t be me; he saves me from the heartache… the trouble of saying goodbye. “I don’t think I’ll be here when you return,” I say.
He doesn’t respond. I know he’ll say ‘That’s too bad. Goodbye it is, then.’ And I brace myself.
“I’ll find you.” 
My breath catches in my throat and I can’t move, as though I’ve been turned to stone. I don’t answer, because if I do, I might start to cry. I feel like I’m full to the brim. I’m going to explode. Dad’s business, this thing with Jack, it doesn’t seem so important to me anymore.
Screw security. 
I clear my voice. “Don’t leave yet. I want to see you.”


*****


Before I can even knock, Lennox opens the front door. Has he been waiting for me? My throat constricts. He’s wearing a blue t-shirt with a picture of a cartoon character holding a surf board, and a pair of light khaki chinos. The light in the hallway casts a glow around him. It makes him look soft and ethereal and beautiful and magical. But the smile on his face doesn’t quite reach his eyes.
“Are you all right?” he asks.
I wonder how I look, what makes him ask that question. Fuck it. “I am now,” I say. I’m taking my filter off for the last time. I stare at the small black backpack lying on the floor. 
He kicks the door shut after me. He looks genuinely sad and worried, and I feel a sudden flap in my chest. I want to turn around and wrap my arms around him. My chest starts to feel heavy, and… it hurts.
“Where are you…?” I trail off and pause. There’s something off about the house. I can sense it. I step closer to him and whisper, “Are you alone?”
Lennox’s eyes narrow. “Yes. Why?” he whispers back. 
My instinct is screaming that we’re not. “Can I use your bathroom?”
His forehead creases further. “Sure, it’s upstairs.”
I flash him a little smile before I take the stairs, two steps at a time. My feet are light on the surface, barely making any noise. I wish I hadn’t left the gun I took from Dad’s armoury, in the car. I pray, and I never pray – that no one followed me here; otherwise, I will never forgive myself if Lennox gets hurt because of me. 
Please, let it be just Zoe, doing something embarrassingly stupid.
I pass the bathroom. Every bone in my body is telling me to go straight to his bedroom. Slowly, I push the door…
There’s a gun in front of me, levelled right at my face. Perhaps it’s the surprise or the fear, but I fixate on the damn thing. My eyes follow the length of the silencer, the barrel, the hand holding it, then the arm, the shoulder, the neck, and the face… 
Dad.
He quickly points the gun down, and swears under his breath. He looks completely taken aback. And I feel exactly the same. “What the hell are you doing here?” he asks.
I can ask him the exact same question, but I think I already know. Things are clicking into place, adding up, like Lego, going taller and taller, so fast I can’t keep up. My blood turns cold. “Oh, my God,” I whisper. I’m shaking my head, denying the facts in front of me.
Dad is studying my face, and then he sighs. “Oh please, don’t tell me he’s your new friend.” He closes his eyes tightly, then opens them again. “Does he know who you are?”
I’m still shaking my head.
He unhitches himself from the wall. “Listen to me, Elle. You have to leave. I’ll take care of this.”
“No, you’ll not.”
Dad stares at me, eyes wide, as though my hair is on fire. His lips part, as if he’s about to say something…
“Jules?”
Fuck. 
Dad raises his gun. I nudge it away, slamming his hand against the door as hard as I can. “Get out of here, Lennox!” I throw myself against my father, and we both stumble into the room, tripping on a giant, black bean bag, and crashing against a chest of drawers. Dad is too stunned to react. 
“Jules!”
I quickly stagger to my feet. I don’t look at my father. I can’t bear to see his face. The gun is on the floor and before he can reach for it, I grab it and run.
“Elle! God damn it!”
I slam the door shut. I hear my father get on his feet, his swift steps. Lennox has a cricket bat in his hand and I take it, wedging it against the door handle. 
The door rattles, and I jump despite myself, but it doesn’t open. I push Lennox towards the stairs, and he doesn’t hesitate. 
We run. 
I keep pushing him forward, down the stairs, the hallway, until we’re out of the house. My heart is in my throat, choking me. I don’t look back. All I can think of is I have to get him out, I have to get him out safe. Everything else is just secondary. Not as important. After a few minutes, there’s a loud crack from upstairs, and I flinch involuntarily. 
“Fuck, fuck, fuck!" I hear Lennox curse, as we get in his car. I have barely pulled the door closed and the car has already started. Lennox has remarkably steady hands for someone in a panic. He slams his foot on the gas, sending the car screeching out of the driveway, almost knocking down the black bin sitting on the corner of the street. 
Oh shit. Oh holy shit. I take a last look over my shoulder. 
My father is standing outside, half hidden in the shadows, watching us.
What the hell have I done?
Chapter Thirteen
“IS HE FOLLOWING US?!”
My hands are shaking. No, my whole body is shaking. I keep looking behind, checking if we’re being followed. Surprisingly we’re not. Surprisingly, Lennox can drive really fast.
“IS THAT A GUN?!”
“Yes, it’s a gun.” Shit. This is bad. I just crossed the line, got involved. My Dad’s going to wring my neck. “And can you please stop yelling?”
Lennox stares at the road ahead, breathing heavily. His body is rigid. The veins on his arms and the back of his hands are protruding from gripping the wheel too tight. His expression is a little odd, a cross between surprise and confusion. Or perhaps it’s the shadows. They are cloaking half of his face. I can tell he has a lot of questions in his mind, but he’s finding it difficult to ask them out loud. 
So do I. I sit stiffly, trying to collect my thoughts. 
This must be a mistake. 
But Dad doesn’t do mistakes.
My Dad’s really going to snuff me. That is, if this boy next to me doesn’t do it first. Not if I kill him.
“That man… he called you ‘Elle’.” 
I have to act quickly. The clock is ticking. 
“Why did he call you ‘Elle’?”
“Because that’s my name,” I say, studying him at the same time. Lennox freezes. The lights from an oncoming car illuminate us and I see the blood drain from his face. There is no going back from here, but every fibre in my being refuses to believe what I think I know. What if I’m wrong? What if I’m right?
“You know that man?” Lennox jerks his head to look at me and I see a flash of fear. He turns his eyes back to the road, turning left on a one way street. The road sign states the maximum speed to be thirty miles per hour, but Lennox is going nearly over sixty. 
I keep my eyes on him, my hands in front of me. My fingers wrap around the gun tightly, but I can’t seem to feel the pressure, as though my fingers are numb, lifeless. 
He knows my father. He’s seen him before. 
“Do you?” he asks again. 
“He’s my father.”
Chapter Fourteen
“Watch it!” I scream. I stare in horror at the red traffic light looming in front of us.
But Lennox carries on. Cars screech. Horns blare from our right and left. I’m blinded by the headlights. I grab the dashboard for support as we swerve to avoid a car from smashing us in the side, and I’m squashed against the door, banging my head on the window. It’s not that hard, but it still hurts. I hear someone shout a curse, or I think it was me. My heart is pounding again, so hard and fast, I can hear every beat in my ears. I can feel the throb of my pulse in my neck.
Lennox straightens the wheel then pulls into a side road, almost crashing into a bush. There’s a cloud of dust flying everywhere. In a blink, he’s gone. He’s out of the car, stumbling backwards before getting back on his feet really quickly, trying to get away.
But I’m not too far behind.
I launch myself at him and we tumble to the ground. He tries to scramble free. I grab his arm and twist it behind him, spinning him around. His thoughts rush into my head, like stampeding horses, pounding my brain. I can’t keep up. He lets out a cry of pain, but he doesn’t fight back. He doesn’t struggle. Not anymore. Why? I push him onto the ground, face down. I straddle his legs.
“Are you going to kill me?” he asks. He sounds a little hysterical. She’s going to kill me. I’m going to die. 
“Did you kill my grandfather?”
“What?” Oh my fucking God. 
“Did you?” I twist his arm and dig my nails deeper into his skin.
“Yes!” he yells, coughing the word out and some of the dirt away from his face. “He and your father murdered my parents!”
I think I have stopped breathing. “Do you have proof?”
“He told me so!” 
I see the scene in my head. Lennox is in a room, a living room or a library, with plush couches and bookcases filled with books. There are paintings on the cream coloured walls. Heavy drapes hang over the tall, narrow window, swept to one side. There’s still light outside. Rays of sun shine through the window, with little particles flickering in the air, the beams holding them afloat. 
I’m seeing everything in his eyes.
An old man is sitting on a black armchair, but he isn’t looking at Lennox. Another man comes into view, a man a little younger than my father, with brown hair the same shade as chestnuts. I know who he is. He stands by the door, his arms crossed over his chest. His arms are covered with tattoos. I can feel that Lennox knows him. The old man, Jack I assume, speaks with anger in his voice, telling the other man to leave Lennox alone. But the man screams that Lennox has to know the truth. 
And then Dad comes in. Suddenly he is standing behind Jack and he is looking straight at me – at Lennox. There’s wariness in his eyes. He’s wearing the same dark suit he wore when he found me, the one with blood on the sleeve. Only in Lennox’s memory, it is spotless.
Jack speaks, his shoulders sagging with defeat. He speaks of how tired he is of keeping things from Lennox, of making sure the truth is hidden. He speaks of a woman, someone called Emma, who was a good friend but also a traitor, who disappeared with another spy and placed them all in danger. He speaks about not having any choice, the heartache he felt when he made the decision. He speaks about trying to make things right by taking Lennox in, raising him as his own, to atone for his sins. He speaks about how sorry he feels. 
But the young man speaks again and Lennox looks at him, sees the malicious smirk on his face. He stands right next to him, handing him something from behind. Then he says to Jack, “Father, you don’t have to take all the blame.” He points at my Dad. “He’s the one,” he adds in a soft voice, like a devil’s whisper, leaning closer to Lennox. “He’s the one who shot your father in the head and planted the gun in his hand. He’s the one who snapped your mother’s neck.”
Lennox screams and points a gun at my father. Dad reaches inside his jacket, but Jack is suddenly in front of him, blocking him, screaming “Don’t!” A shot is fired. There’s blood on Jack’s back, a few inches below his left shoulder. 
Jack falls into my father’s arms. 


*****


“I killed him. And he deserves it. He lied to me…” his voice breaks. “I shot him on the back like a fucking traitor because that’s what he is!”
Everything falls into place. The picture is complete. And what they did – it was sick. Plot a murder and snatch the child – a child who was too young, too afraid, and too alone. A child who had no perception of who’s good and who’s bad. Jack came in at the time when Lennox needed someone to make him feel safe, when he was too young to ask questions. For what reason? Was it mercy? Was it loneliness? I have a bad feeling it was neither.
Perhaps he wanted a son that wasn’t a constant disappointment.
I let Lennox go. 
He rolls over, kicking dirt all over the place and crawling backwards until his back hits the side of the car. His face is dirty and full of anguish, but his eyes are wild with anger. Tears are running down his cheeks. He’s looking at me but at the same time he’s not, like he’s staring through me, seeing other things. Seeing a monster. 
“If you’re going to kill me, do it now!”
He tried to kill my father. He shot at him. 
“Come on, Jules. What the hell are you waiting for?” He spreads his arms wide. 
Jack’s son – my uncle, made him do it. Isaac. The Isaac.
A moan escapes his lips. “Fuck you! Don’t look at me with pity. Do it and be done with it!”
Shooting Jack was an accident. Even I can see that.
“This is why you’re here, right? You work with your father; you’re here to keep me close, to keep an eye on me, so when the right time comes he can murder me like he murdered my parents!”
His words are like slaps on my face. To my amazement, he starts to laugh. A laugh so bitter, it hurts my ears. 
“Shut the hell up!” I scream, pointing the gun at him. There are cars passing us, but I don’t give a rat’s ass if anyone hears or sees me. I just saved his life, the little shit! 
When I saw my father back in his house, with his gun drawn, ready to kill, I knew it then. I knew why he was there. 
But in a click, in a snap, I made a decision. And it wasn’t a hard one. I followed what my heart told me to do – no question. I didn’t care about the possible outcome. I didn’t care about my father. I didn’t care about me. 
I still don’t.
“Get up,” I tell him as I will my legs to stand. He meets my eyes as he slowly inches his way up, his back sliding up against the car door. We don’t break eye contact. Good.
“Do you seriously think I’d be here – you’d be here – if that’s the plan?” I step towards him and jab the gun on his chest. He flinches. “I didn’t know about you until I found my father in your house! But I’m here – with you. I helped you escape. So fuck you too!” 
We glare at each other and I feel like hitting him with my gun. Instead, I tuck it behind me, into the waistband of my jeans. 
To think that once, possibly twice, I essentially imagined a new life here – with this guy who’s looking at me with so much hate and fear at the same time – is quite hilarious. I actually considered the possibility that I might have a shot at something good and then it turns out that it’s virtually impossible. I feel like I was promised a warm bath, but instead I was stripped naked and thrown into a freezing lake. I’m too rattled to cope. I’m so devastated, it’s funny. I can feel the laughter bubbling in my chest. 
Lennox is not just a boy from school. He’s not just the boy who saved me from falling and breaking my neck. He’s not just a friend who was a potential British fling. Technically, he’s family – whatever that means. 
Therefore, us – it’s never going to happen. Poof!
“Why did you do it?” he asks. 
WHAT? “Go to hell.” 
“Jules…”
“Don’t call me that,” I snap. A big truck passes us, and the road shakes. The wind blows on us, mixed with dust, and it hurts my eyes. I wipe the little particles off impatiently, and I realise that I’m crying. 
Lennox grabs me by my elbows. I quickly pull away. He shoots me a look, searching my face for any sign of… what? 
“I didn’t know about your parents.” I want to say I’m sorry but what good would it do?
He shakes his head. “Tell me one thing, Elle. Why am I here?” 
I don’t answer.
He looks up at the dark sky. His shoulders are stiff and his hands are clenched into fists. He makes a soft sound, as if he’s trying to say something but it comes out as a heavy breath. Then his eyes focus – really focus on me, pinning me. Without meaning to, I look away, afraid to see something, afraid to see a drastic change. Afraid to find his blue eyes have darkened with hatred and he’s started seeing me for who I really am – a murderer’s daughter.
We stand, facing each other, without saying a word. There’s humming inside my ears, like a buzzing bee. It’s killing me.
After a moment, he says, “Go back to your father. And the next time he finds me, don’t try to stop him.” 
I feel a massive jolt inside of me, like I’ve been hit by lightning. I watch him walk away from me, leaving his car behind. Leaving me behind and going back to where my father is, and an image flashes in my mind, an image I never want to see. I think I cried out ‘Stop!’, I’m not sure, but my feet and legs are moving, moving me towards him, clumsy but fast. My arm reaches out and I watch my hand pull the sleeve of his shirt and he turns to face me one more time. His eyes are full of… everything. And before I can think of what I’m about to do, of how I feel, I’m pressed against Lennox, kissing him. 
Chapter Fifteen
Lennox’s hand rests on my waist, and I feel his fingers sweep up a little. My lips touch his and they’re as soft as I imagined. He’s kissing me back, his lower lip brushing across both of mine. Sweet, gentle but restrained. His arms wrap around me and I feel myself soften against him, as he pulls me tighter, closer. My right hand is trapped between us, my palm pressed against his chest, over his heart. And his heart is drumming the same beat as my pulse, hard and fast, as though they’re calling out to each other over and over, wishing to be one. 
I’m overwhelmed by the feel of him against me. This burning… I kiss him deeper and he moans in my mouth. I trace his cheek with my finger and I can see what’s in his mind, but I let the thoughts flow unnoticed like a soft soundtrack of a movie. I let myself get lost in the moment.  
“Get a room!” A shout of laughter follows and echoes as a red car with drunken passengers speeds off. I realise Lennox’s car’s engine is still running and the headlights are still on. We’re sitting ducks out here.
We break apart. He rests his forehead against mine, our noses are touching, and we’re breathing each other’s breaths.  
“He will still kill you,” I say. 
“I know.”
But I won’t let him. I don’t know how I’m going to prevent him, but I will not let my father kill Lennox, especially now that I’m sure of how I feel. “We’re going to run away. We’re going to hide until I think things through…”
“No.”
I gape at him. “What?”
“I’m going to confess my crime to the police.”
“Are you out of your freaking mind?” I push him away. Was that his plan when he called and said goodbye? “And then what? You’ll end up in jail? You think you’ll be safe there?” If my father is after someone, a prison cell will not stop him.
Lennox hangs his head. He’s staring down at his shoes. Others may admire this honesty, this bravery. I think it’s stupid. “I don’t know what to do,” he says.
We should get out of the open. It’s not safe. My father could be here… somewhere.
“We have to go,” I say with urgency. He nods.


*****


Lennox winces at every bump and jolt. He doesn’t like the idea of driving down the dirt road, more like a footpath actually, to get to the spot that I picked, but he does it anyway. When the path levels, he lets out a not so discreet sigh of relief and his body relaxes, as though he’s been straining and holding his breath. The car crawls a few feet farther and draws to a stop underneath a bridge.
He turns the engine and the lights off, as I rest my head back and close my eyes. I’ve been thinking, crafting and discarding plans in my head over and over during the entire drive, but I can’t seem to come up with anything solid and safe. It’s hard to outwit my father, to guess what moves he will make. It’s like climbing a steel pole with greasy hands. 
“It was an accident.”
My ears prick up. Lennox is pointing a lit penlight on the floor, to give us some light. I steal a glance at him and find him watching me. His eyes are solemn and tired.
“I know,” I say.
Something flashes in his eyes for a split second, then disappears. He bows his head. He’s sorry, I can tell. But he doesn’t feel remorse. Part of him doesn’t regret his actions, doesn’t wish to take back what he did. Not as yet.
A train passes above, rattling my jaw as it rattles on its track. I don’t know why I think it’s a good idea to hide here when clearly we won’t be getting any sleep. But this is the last place my father would consider. But then again, my guess might be wrong; he’d probably search for us in the most illogical place possible. 
This is driving me insane.
“Telling you this is perhaps not a good idea, but I was aiming at your father. He was there. When it happened,” he says, glancing at me from the corner of his eyes. “It happened because I found out what he did, what they did.”
I don’t respond. 
Lennox presses his lips together and looks away. I try to look the other way but I can’t. “But Jack shielded him. Actually, I think he protected me, but I’m not certain.” He shakes his head, as if to clear his blurry thoughts. 
I want to say he was right, but that will be unwise, it will be giving too much away. He might have known things about me, but not all. I still have a secret to hide. 
Does he?
“It’s okay if you’re mad.” 
“I’m not mad,” I snap. He raises an eyebrow. “I’m not mad,” I say softly. Well, this is a lot for me to take in. It’s like a massive boulder of both good and bad, all meshed together, has been dumped on me. And on him. I’m a little inundated. “I’d probably do the exact same thing if I was in your shoes.”
I see him nod, bow his head.
Neither of us speaks for a couple of minutes. It frightens me that I’m choosing to ignore my fear – the fear that Lennox hates my father so much that he will, one day, try to get even. Perhaps, I’m an idiot. Perhaps, I’m a fool.
Time will tell.
But what frightens me the most is where I would be if it happens.
I guess I just have to make sure that it won’t.
“I have never met him, my grandfather.” 
This time, he gapes at me. “Ever?”
I shake my head. “We’re not… conventional.” He doesn’t appear shocked or confused. “You already know that, don’t you?”
Lennox bites his lower lip. “Your mum left because your father has issues. And apparently, your father has this thing about isolation.”
I scoff. “Seriously, what do you know?”
He holds my gaze. “Everything,” he says.
He seems too normal for someone raised with such knowledge. “You don’t seem fucked up.”
“Neither do you.” He inclines his head. “We’re brought up the same way, I suppose.” Then his eyes shift to my hip. “Or probably not.”
I feel the weight of the gun pressing on my back – that cold, solid, security-blanket-like pressure.
“I keep my distance from that life,” he adds, his eyes skimming from my waist to my face. I try to ignore it, and I’m sure there’s no meaning to that look, but my skin seems to quiver under it. Being looked at by Lennox is like being caressed by feathers. 
“I’ve never used a weapon before…” his voice breaks.
“Then you’re a natural,” I say with sarcasm as sharp as a knife. I’m not an idiot. 
“That’s not something I’m proud of, believe it or not.”
The rawness of his voice, the flicker of shame in his eyes, catches my attention. Oh. He’s telling the truth. 
Then he’s a fool. “You should know how to defend yourself if you’re a part of that family.” 
“I know how to defend myself. I don’t need weapons.”
Then he’s a bigger fool and a stupid one as well if he thinks a few boxing techniques will save his life from an assassin like my father. Unlike me. I don’t take chances. And neither does my Dad. I’ve been called ferocious by people I know and those I don’t. 
Another train passes and it’s as loud as the last one. I grit my teeth. I would give anything for an hour of peaceful sleep right now, but that’s far from ever happening. The sky is turning orange by the minute. Soon it will be complete daylight, and our little hiding place will no longer do. 
The unbearable noise seems to jar Lennox’s nerves as well and he looks like he’s about to snap, like an excessively wound-up guitar. 
“Jack didn’t force you?”
“He tried. He said it was for my protection…” he trails off. His eyes are fixed on my hands, as if he’s trying to read the lines on my skin or follow my veins. I pull my hands closer to my belly, suddenly conscious. My veins are sticking out like fat green worms. I have no princess-hands. They’re calloused, roughened from weapons training among other things. 
“Elle, I know where to go.”
His eyes meet mine. Oh no. Not Isaac. He had me tailed, and I don’t think it was for my protection. Besides, why trust the guy who nudges someone to kill, then runs off? This guy – my uncle – murdered children. There won’t be anything good in his bones. Surely Lennox knows that.
“We can go to Faye. Faye will help us.”
My back stiffens as if someone has dropped an ice cube inside my shirt and it’s slowly running down my back. And my ears hurt as though something has exploded inside them and I’m going deaf. 
He’s out of his fucking mind. “No.”
Lennox pulls his shoulders back. “Of course, sorry, I wasn’t thinking.”
I’d rather go back to my father and suffer his wrath. Or slit my own wrists. Anything painful is better than seeing her, or asking for her help. If I could filter her blood from my veins, I would have it sucked dry and poured down the drain. She’s a part of me that I would gladly get rid of. 
Our windows are covered with frost. And through the tiny cracks, the small spaces the frost failed to cover, I can see the mud and the vines and the filthy walls. A very unsightly sight; worse for someone with no sleep and awfully exhausted. We have to get going. I can’t live like this indefinitely. I have to think of something. And fast.
Chapter Sixteen
I slam the safety deposit box shut so hard, I don’t care if I make a dent, and swallow my scream. This is the third bank – third bank that I’ve been, and like the first two, this one has been emptied as well.
God damn it, Dad.
There are other boxes in other cities and towns where he keeps some emergency cash and passports, but I can’t afford to go to each one of them. I could be heading straight to where he wants me to be. 
My eyes lock with Lennox’s as I step out of the room. He stands up. I shake my head. Slowly, he sinks back onto the brown leather sofa. The old lady sitting next to him gives him an odd, curious look.
“There’s another one, but we have to travel farther up north,” I say in a low voice.
“Where?”
“Manchester.”
“Crikey. This is getting ridiculous.”
I don’t feel comfortable with all these CCTVs. I tilt my head downwards and walk out of the bank, out the glass doors that part automatically, with Lennox on my heels. It’s drizzling and everything looks grey. This is the sort of weather that makes your hair go frizzy in no time. I put my stolen baseball cap on my head – not because of the rain. Lennox pulls his hood up, and we walk briskly to his car. We really should get rid of this car. It’s like a beacon. We might as well tell my Dad and Isaac where we are.
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to sound ungrateful,” he says over the traffic noise. The blue car parallel-parked behind us is reversing. There’s a middle-aged woman inside with a toddler girl sitting behind her. 
I hop in the passenger seat. “What you mean doesn’t matter to me.” 
I don’t know why I said that. I supposed I’m a little bit peeved, and a little bit emotionally frustrated. We’re halfway through the day and not once – not once – did he mention the kiss. Though it scares me a little to talk about it, and perhaps there’s a far more important problem that we have to sort out first, a little indication that the kiss wasn’t just a kiss would be nice.
God, I hate myself. Clearly, I suck at prioritising. I want to slap someone. I want to lash out at some random person and hope the little tantrum would be enough to make me feel better. After all, my life is suddenly upside-down, inside-out. Thanks to him. 
Lennox hesitates next to the car, then nods his head in understanding, though I’m not entirely sure what he has understood. His hand grips the edge of the open door tightly before he slides in. “Jack took me to this place where I could go if something like this happens. He said I’ll find everything that I need there.”
“Where is it?”
“It’s in the middle of nowhere.”
I think about it. “Is it safe?”
“Probably,” he breathes the word out. There’s a noticeable impatience in his tone. My eyes dart sideways to peek at him, and I see the face of a man that’s about to do something stupid. 
He says, “I don’t want to run. I want to deal with this.”
Here we go again. I turn so I’m facing him fully. He already looks like he has had enough, when the dilemma only started yesterday. “Isn’t that what we’re doing?”
“You know what I mean.”
Do I? “What you want is suicide.”
“It’s better than waiting to be killed!”
“Do you seriously think that telling my father that you’re sorry and it was an accident will stop him from murdering you?” I scream. He doesn’t understand. There’s more to this than revenge.
“NO!”
“Don’t you dare say there’s no harm in trying because trust me, in this case, there might be.” I turn away, and see a tall woman in stilettos wobble on her feet, almost slipping, if not for the bin along the walkway, her hand landing on the rusty top. “Unless, you’re thinking of hurting him…”
“What?”
“….and if that’s the case, I will not let you.” Both of them will have to get through me to get to each other, or God help me, I will whisper them to my will.
“The victim always has the motive. That’s a given.” There’s a sharp edge to his voice. “But the game changes almost every minute.”
He’s glaring at me. I can feel it, the pressure of his stare, like needles piercing my skin. I close my eyes and let relief and shame wash over me. “You doubted me. It’s only fair that I doubted you.”
A siren blares in the background and an ambulance whizzes by a couple of moments later. Lennox sighs. “Fair enough.” He starts the car. As the car sputters to life, it feels like a new understanding has grown between us. Then he says, “So. Run and hide. That’s the plan.”
“For now. That’s the rational thing to do.” And rational people live.
“But what comes after?”
I haven’t thought it through. “We’ll… we’ll cross that bridge when we get there.”
He makes a sound, close between a groan and a scoff. “Basically, you’re asking me to cross my fingers and hope for the best. Lovely.”
When he puts it like that, it sounds absurd and pathetic. But I can’t let him walk into a certain death! I nod anyway. To my utmost relief, Lennox gives in with just a long sigh – a sign that he’s not in the least overjoyed. 
It’s raining pretty heavily now. I can barely see outside and the wiper is already working as fast as it can. Lennox is not talking, the radio isn’t on, and I’m okay with it, okay with just the rhythmic sound of the slushing water and the patter on the roof. I lean my head back and close my eyes, letting the almost-quiet soothe me. A moment of peace. It’s all I ask.


*****


“Elle, wake up,” says Lennox.
“What?” My eyes drift to his watch. I did fall asleep, a dreamless sleep. I can’t believe it. More than an hour has passed. My neck is strained. I flex my left hand, stretching my fingers to bring them back to life after sitting on them during the entire drive. “What’s this place? This is not the place, is it?” We’re in front of a shop, a small one with a battered sign and walls covered with all sorts of ads. It doesn’t look open. It’s abandoned, coated with graffiti and moss and mud. 
“No, not exactly,” Lennox says, anxiously peering out, his hand reaching for the door. 
I do the same. The rain has stopped, or it didn’t rain here as the concrete ground is completely dry. We push the doors and they click shut at exactly the same time, as my eyes wander to assess our surrounding. We’re alone. Behind us, there are a few warehouses, abandoned as well.
Lennox is heading towards the empty shop. “Years ago, this was some sort of a plant.” He pushes the door open, and I follow him inside, wincing at the smell of damp wood and something decaying. There’s a big wet patch on the floor, right underneath the gaping hole on the roof. Circular tables are scattered about, rotting and broken and covered with dust and webs. This must have been a restaurant or a canteen. Lennox makes his way behind the long counter and crouches. I can only see the top of his head. I hear him grunt and there’s a scraping sound, like metal rubbing against metal. When he stands up, he’s clutching something in his hand. 
I tilt my head to the side. He holds up a key, a normal looking silver key, and then comes back around, walks past me and through the door, with no offer of explanation. 
Okay then. 
“I’m… going to hide my car,” he says. He motions me to wait. So I wait. I stand outside the canteen with my arms crossed over my chest. From the corner of my eyes, I see something big and in red. Ever so slightly, I turn my head, curious. Behind me is a wooden panel nailed over the window, and across it someone’s written: Des Calder is a wanker. 
Charming. 
Lennox drives his car into the warehouse, carefully manoeuvring through the narrow opening. As he walks back out, I can’t help but stare. Each step he takes is like pins in my heart, pins that have become quite familiar, quite comfortable. As the wind blows against him, his shirt presses against his skin, outlining his torso. My first thought is to wrap him up, protect him from the cold. Protect him from me. “Aren’t you freezing?” 
“I’m used to this weather,” he answers, shoving his hands in his pockets. “It’s going to be quite a distance, I’m warning you now.”
Right. So this isn’t the place. “Lead the way.”
We walk in silence, ducking under a metal fence as thin as chicken wires – run over by a truck from the looks of it. He offers his hand to help me cross over a concrete border, and I take it, closing my mind to spare myself pain. As soon as my footing is sure, I let go, and suddenly I’m assaulted by this feeling that I’m not completely whole. 
I push the feeling aside. 
I don’t move, not until there’s enough distance between us. I pretend that I’m busy tying my hair up when he looks back to check on me, and I nod to him to move on. And he does. 
This is pathetic. 
For the first time since I opened my eyes, I wonder where we are exactly. Normally that’s the first thing that I would want to know, but it didn’t occur to me to ask. I don’t see any familiar landmarks. I don’t see any landmarks at all that might give me a clue about this place. No signs, just an endless expanse of fields.
I probably shouldn’t ask. He probably wouldn’t tell me anyway. It will probably be safer this way.
We follow the long, winding gravel path until we reach a wooden bridge, a short one, long enough to enable us to cross a narrow stream.
“I don’t think it will hold us both at the same time,” Lennox says. “I’ll cross first.” He carefully steps on the bridge – left foot following his right, jumping to test if it will hold his weight. 
It’s just a stream, not a ravine, for Christ’s sake. “If ever you fall, the worst case scenario is your shoes will get wet.”
His ears turn as red as a tomato. I suppress a smile in case he looks at me, and watch him as he squares his shoulders and walks, slowly, across the bridge. It creaks. I say a quick silent prayer for it not to give way. Yeah, I like making fun of him, embarrassing him, but I don’t want him to actually fall. 
Eleven careful steps after and he’s on the other side. 
A minute later, I’m standing next to him.
“All right then,” he says, turning his back on me. 
We trudge across the field, and this time there’s no gravel path to follow. The grass is tall, up to our waists, and a little coarse and prickly. It dances and waves in tune with the wind, like a tribesman worshipping his god. I pass my hands absentmindedly through it while Lennox walks with his arms up, like giving a sign of surrender. Thankfully, the ground feels dry against the soles of my boots. Dandelions fly around us, disturbed by our movements and by the wind, and they’re like tiny, dancing fairies. 
I find myself smiling. I love dandelions! 
Lennox looks over his shoulder. “Good for you.”
I didn’t know I said it out loud. 
“They only give me hay fever. There shouldn’t be any this time of the year, but there goes my luck. Again.” He smiles as well, the sides of his eyes crinkle, giving him a look of mischief. He turns around and starts walking backwards.
“What?” I feel self-conscious.
“I haven’t seen you smile in twenty-four hours. I don’t want to miss this lest you don’t smile again.”
There’s a quickening inside me, like a rush of heat from the tip of my toes to the top of my head and the ends of my hair. I can’t help it; I can’t help but break into a wider smile.
And then I see it. I see the way his face freezes in wonder, the way his eyes lose control and show how he feels inside. My breath hitches in my throat and without meaning to, my face catches fire and I immediately look down as if watching the grass sway as I walk is so damn interesting. 
I don’t realise that he has stopped walking until I’m just inches from him. I halt, and he reaches for me, enfolding me in his arms.
At first, I’m too stunned. I stop breathing. 
“Don’t… push me away.”
Something inside of me crumbles. He’s so warm. His arms are strong and tight around me. Without thinking any further, I wrap my arms around his waist and breathe in, filling my senses with his scent, drinking in all of him.
No further words are spoken. They’re not necessary. Somehow, we both know what we both need – closeness, heartbeats. We stand like this, our faces buried in each other’s necks, as moments go by, until we’ve used up all the warmth our bodies could give.
Chapter Seventeen
It’s almost dark when we reach the place. My eyes narrow and I feel dubious as I take it in. It’s just a dilapidated building. Half of it is on the ground. The entire roof looks like it collapsed years and years ago. The walls – what’s left of them – are covered with moss. And amidst the knee-high grasses, there’s a gigantic tree bang in the middle, with a trunk so thick you can’t circle it with your arms.
I spin to look at him, my mouth gaping open.
“This used to be a part of the manor,” Lennox says.
“Is that supposed to impress me?”
“Don’t be fooled.” He motions me to follow him with a tilt of his head. He’s grinning like an excited little boy who’s about to open his present. 
Now I’m curious. 
From what I assume used to be the entrance to the building, he walks a straight line close to the wall. I realise he’s counting quietly; his eyes are trained on the moss-covered bricks. Then he stops and crouches, parting the weeds on the ground until he finds the very base of the wall. I watch him as he counts the bricks, from the bottom going up. On the sixth brick he pauses, then counts six more bricks to the right. Then he stops. His fingers linger over it, and I wonder what he’s going to do, what’s hidden underneath that ordinary looking red brick.
Lennox fishes the silver key from his pocket and hands it to me. I study it and find nothing special about it. It’s just a regular key that you sometimes find left lying on the sidewalk. Whatever is it that Lennox is going to open with this dull-looking key, I bet I can easily open it with just a pair of hairpins. 
With both hands, he pries the brick off, gradually and carefully. Dust falls from beneath it as it loosens from the wall inch by inch. Lennox is grunting softly. He kneels in front of it to get more balance. A few more pulls and it is off, and Lennox places it on the ground. I hunch to see what’s inside.  
There’s some sort of metal door, small like a safe door, only it doesn’t have a dial or buttons, just a keyhole. Lennox blows on it and dust scatters, flying right back on his face. He winces, covering his nose with the back of his hand. With his other hand, he wipes the keyhole clean. 
I’m getting pretty impatient. “Today, please.”
He shoots me a look. He reaches for the key I’m holding and inserts it into the lock, turning it sideways.
What happens next is something out of the ordinary. 
The ground behind us shakes. I jump and whirl to see the ground split into two. Only it doesn’t crack. It parts in the middle, opening like those double elevator doors. The bushes on top of it sway and rattle, and when I look at them closely, I realise they’re not real. But they seem real enough.
“What the hell?”
Lennox reinserts the brick to cover the little door. “Cool, right? When Jack brought me here the first time, I was so gobsmacked. I’m still pretty impressed.” He dusts his jeans, then motions to me to take a closer look. I step closer, closer, a little wary that the ground might collapse under my feet, but of course it will not. I look at him and see the encouragement in his eyes. The tension in my shoulders eases. 
There’s a steel ladder that leads down. I can see the floor and it looks marbled. Not what I’m expecting from an underground bunker.
“It’s a bunker,” Lennox says.
“I know.”
He ignores my sarcastic quip and lowers himself onto the ladder and descends. I hesitate. What if he lured me here to kill me? Or to take me hostage so he can get to my father? What if he’s working with Isaac and Isaac is waiting for us below? 
No. Stop it. Once again, I’m being naturally suspicious. I bury it somewhere deep where it can’t come out unless I need it to.
I look around to make sure no one is watching and follow him down. The light comes on before my feet reach the ground. The door above me closes; the early evening light diminishing slowly until it’s no more than a fine line, then the line disappears completely. 
We’re sealed in.
Wow. I have to say I like this idea very much. Dad hasn’t got one of these made for me, I’m sure, or he would have bragged about it already. I whip around to face Lennox but he’s in the far corner of the room, busy rummaging through an average size metal crate against the wall. The room looks really bare apart from essential stuff like a table and chair, a sink and I’m assuming the little room on the far side of the room is the bathroom. And the single bed in the corner. 
I can’t keep my eyes off the bed. 
“We have some energy bars, chocolates and water.”
I turn to him and he’s holding a couple of chocolate bars in both hands, waving them at me. I thought I’m not hungry but the sight of food – junk food to be precise, is enough to make my stomach growl like an angry puppy. He throws me a bar with a little smile on his face. 
“Are you sure this place is safe?” I ask as I unwrap my dinner and I’m about to sit on the chair when Lennox hurries to stop me.
“It’s dusty,” he explains, wiping his hand over the seat. How sweet of him to think of my clothes. “Only Jack and I know about this place, and as far as I know he built this for me. I have some of my clothes and things in that crate, you see.”
I nod in understanding, chewing as fast as I can. I’m really hungry. I take another bite though I barely swallowed the last one. I’m conscious that my mouth is really full. 
“Here.” Lennox offers me a bottle of water.
I can’t avoid his laughing eyes any more. I take the bottle from his hand and drink from it. His chocolate is still intact, and I hope it will stay like that for a few more minutes. 
I should be ashamed of my greediness.
I’m glad Lennox stops watching me and start turning the bed. “You can take the bed. I’ll sleep on the chair. We’ll make a more definite plan after. We can’t stay in here forever.”
“Don’t be silly, we can sleep together. Sideways.”
Lennox freezes, like an old man who can’t stand upright. Then it hits me, like warm air blowing on my face. 
“I suppose we can. Lovely,” he softly responds.
I keep my mouth shut, mentally cursing myself. I quickly finish the rest of my chocolate and will myself to relax. I like and I don’t like the effects he has on me. Why do I have to be such a girl? We’re here alone in a bunker, hiding and trying to stay alive as I’m sure my uncle still wants me dead – but all I can think about right now is we’re alone in the middle of nowhere! 
I’m scared. I don’t know this Elle.
From the corner of my eyes, I see Lennox get under the covers, scooting towards the far side. He’s returning my invitation. If I decline, I will look pathetic and shy – a freaking wuss. Fine! I kick my boots off, one foot at a time, and join him. He’s lying on his side, like I suggested, but he’s facing me. I groan inside. I swear, if he suggestively taps the bed, I will smack him on the head. 
I lower myself next to him. Because Lennox has his back almost pressed against the wall, there’s enough space for me to lie on my back, with my right shoulder hanging off the bed. I drape my right arm across my body. This doesn’t feel comfortable, to say the least. My body feels so tight, so ill at ease. I can’t get to sleep when half of my body is going to fall off. 
I turn to my left.
Right. Perhaps this is not physically awkward but still a little awkward. He’s watching me, his face impassive. He uses his right arm as his pillow, his left hand rests palm down between us, close to my belly. He has such lovely hands, and those fingers – long and slender, reminding me of those candles on a table at a romantic dinner. I shut my eyes, willing my heart to stop beating so fast, slowing my breathing.
I reopen my eyes. 
Lennox is fast asleep. 


*****


As soon as I wake up, my brain starts churning, the first thing that plays in my mind is scene in a movie – where Rachel Weisz tells Ryan Reynolds she has never spent the whole day in bed with a really great guy. I think I just did, it’s a shame I was asleep, though it took me a long while to catch it. Lennox was so close. I felt his breath on my hair the whole time. It was really distracting. But eventually my system shut down, like a car that ran out of gas. 
Lennox is still sleeping. I can feel his slow, steady breathing. This feels nice, but I’m aware that this is not going to last for very long. We have a pressing situation. And I still haven’t got a clue how to get us out of it.
I’ve thought of speaking to my father, but to be really honest, I’m scared. You don’t cross my Dad unless you have a certain death wish. You wouldn’t dare cross his path if you know what he has done. I’m hoping that along the way something will come up – a miracle perhaps – that will save me from his wrath. Perhaps there’s something that I can do in exchange for his forgiveness.
Give Lennox up. 
Straightaway, I dismiss the absurd idea. Out of the question. Obviously. 
BUT. 
There is something that Lennox can do, or offer. And I don’t see any reason why he would refuse. Lennox wants to put an end to this as soon as possible, he said so himself.
I sit up, rather too quickly, and I feel a little dizzy. Yes! I might have an actual plan here. 
Lennox bolts upright. “What is it?”
“Nothing, go back to sleep,” I say.
He buries his face in his hands, I’m guessing to keep his head from spinning. I’m suddenly aware of my bed hair. No one has seen me with my bed hair before but my father. I feel so exposed.
I rush into the bathroom while combing my fingers through my hair and because my bladder is practically calling for it. When I come out, Lennox is on his feet, walking towards me with a white towel in his hand. He sort of shoves it at me. 
“Thanks.”
He nods and closes the door behind him.  
I sit on the bed, staring at my boots lying on the floor. The floor isn’t cold, which is weird. The whole bunker isn’t freezing, come to think of it. There must be a source of heat somewhere here that activated when we opened the door…
Jack cared for Lennox so much then, to think of his comfort while making sure of his safety. I feel a little twinge of jealousy mixed with regret and resentment. Dad has his reasons, and I’m sure they are pretty valid and good, but how could he make a decision about family, about who’s going to be in my life or not, without consulting me first? 
Dad picked my school. He took me to places he chose. Come to think of it, he never once asked me if I wanted to learn how to use a weapon! He basically laid it all out for me – what I can or can’t do – what he thinks is best. Though he allowed me to bend some rules and let me off with just a little slap on the wrist, but still.
I’m free and at the same time I’m not.
The bathroom door swings open and I gather myself together. Lennox stands on the threshold, refastening his watch around his left wrist without looking at it. His eyes are trained on me. Every new day, it seems like I’m seeing him for the first time. Slowly, he walks closer, sits next to me, and bumps his shoulder on mine. 
Then he leans closer, close enough for our lips to touch, but before I can even think if I should pull back, he changes his mind. 
“I’m sorry. I haven’t even asked you if this…” His forefinger points at me then back at him, in a back and forth motion. “…is all right.”
“I kissed you.”
His eyebrows pop up. “Yes… yes, you did.” He clears his throat. “And I kissed you back. You know why I kissed you back, but I’m not sure why you kissed me. I’m guessing you did that to stop me from going suicidal.” He smiles. It’s barely there, just a little lift at the corner of his lips, but it appears to make the room brighter… 
I shake my head. 
“You’re thinking that this is not going to work,” he says with a frown. “Legally, you’re my niece,” he adds as though the statement explains everything. 
I suppress a laugh. I hope he’s not making a huge deal out of it.  
Lennox scratches the skin behind his right ear. “But we’re not blood related, so that should be okay.”
“That should be okay?” I peer at him, my eyebrows knotting.
“I don’t want to look like a dick, kissing my niece.”
Laughter bursts out of me. “You’re worried about that now?” 
“No! It’s just…” He sighs. His cheeks are blazing. “Forget it.”
If this isn’t hilarious, the whole situation would be beyond awkward. I nod. I’m happy to forget it – this last twenty seconds of our conversation. I feel like a total moron, waiting for him to clarify things when it’s me who should do the clarifying. You wouldn’t get an answer if you don’t ask.
“This is not the right time,” I say.
In a snap, Lennox’s expression adjusts, like a bowl of water after the ripples fade away – smooth and calm. “You’re right.” Something flickers in his eyes. “Of course, you’re right.”
“And I don’t think there will ever be a right time,” I add. “I mean, how could this be right?”
“Your father wants to kill me.”
“Yes! Imagine how uncomfortable it would be, us having dinner, my father aiming his gun at you under the table…” I give a little laugh. 
“I’ll be dead before dessert.”
“Exactly, and I’ll be devas…” I stop short and close my eyes, count to three and reopen them “…I’ll be really pissed off and I’ll probably throw the steak knife at him! Messy. It will be so messy!” My heart sinks. Suddenly I feel so stupid for making a joke when what I really want to say is, I keep pushing it at the back of my head, deal with the situation one step at the time, make sure that you stay alive no matter what, because I’d rather see you walk away and settle with the idea that perhaps one day I’ll see you again, than make myself accept that you’re permanently gone. I sigh, barely meeting his eyes. “My father… killed your parents.”
That should do it. That should wake him up and snap him out of this nonsense. 
He’s staring, like how an artist would stare at a painting – scrutinising. Appreciating. Right before me, I see his blue eyes darken like the ocean under a storm. 
I don’t know who moved first. The hunger in our kiss steals all my thoughts away. My hands find his shoulders and slip under the collar of his shirt. Warmth shoots through my body, filling each nerve with something heady. The fierceness of his grip around my waist and the back of my neck seems not enough, I have to get closer. Taking the cue, he squashes me to him so close that no air can pass between us. 
I kiss him with desperation, as though the kiss is the key, the kiss can turn back the time and give me the chance to set things right. I won’t make the same mistake. The pressure of his lips deepens, as if he feels the same hopelessness that I feel. As if he wants the same things I want. 
No. I want what he wants. I’m reading his thoughts and making them mine.
Without any warning, Lennox pulls back. “What?” he asks in a rush of breath. 
The surprise throws me off balance but I still find the strength to detach my arms from around him, letting them fall awkwardly to my sides. I’m confused. I stare into his eyes, like he’s staring into mine, frantically searching. I have no idea what went wrong.
Lennox hand moves from my nape to my face, but there’s nothing affectionate about the gesture. His eyes narrow. Feelings of rejection and shame are simmering at the bottom of my soul. Perhaps he thinks that this is really wrong. 
His other hand grabs mine and presses it to his cheek. I try to pull my hand away but his grip tightens and he practically slaps it on his face. What the fuck is wrong with him? He’s so weird.
The corners of his lips lift a little. 
I questioningly tilt my head to the side.
“I’m weird?” 
Chapter Eighteen
His voice in my head – his direct question – is like an electric shock. I jump to my feet. My blood runs cold. 
“Fuck.” I hear Lennox say. He remains frozen on the bed, looking really pale. I take another step back, and another, and another, until I’m sure he can’t reach me. Until I’m sure I’m safely out of his touch. 
Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God.
The dude is a Reader. Just like me.
I feel like screaming at the sky, except I can’t see the sky from where I am. God is playing with me. I can picture Him sitting on His golden throne, laughing His head off, relishing the fact that I swallowed my own medicine. How could you?! I know I’m not religious, I have never been to a Sunday school, but I’m not evil. Not really.
I can’t stay here.
I march towards the bottom of the ladder and stare helplessly at the sealed door. “How do you open this damn door?” I point wildly at it. 
“Where are you going?” Lennox stands up but doesn’t take a step. He looks like he’s finally recovering from the shock of his lifetime. I so fucking envy him, it makes me panic more. 
“Just open the fucking door!”
Lennox walks towards me and I back farther away. He stops briefly, and in that split moment, I see the hurt in his eyes. With his shoulders stiff, he walks past me, towards the small square digital panel on the wall. 
“Have you known all along?” It’s a stupid question because I know the answer. But I want to hear him say it out loud. 
Lennox spins to face me. “Are you for fucking real? In case you didn’t notice, I was as bloody surprised as you!” 
“How many times did you read my mind?” 
His eyes widen in anger. “You tell me!”
God! How could I miss it? I rack my brain for any clue, recalling every time we spent together, every moment we touched with my mind wide open for him to see.
I’ve always had my mind closed when I’m around him. At least, I think so. 
Well, obviously not all the time.
Lennox stabs the buttons on the panel with his finger, like poking someone’s eyes blind. I bet he’s wishing the thing was me. As soon as the door slides open, he climbs the ladder like he’s starved for sunlight. 
This only angers me more. I want to be the one to storm out! I climb after him, fuming and ready for more screaming battle as soon as I reach the open. I can feel the blood drumming in my ears and I’m gripping the sides of the ladder too hard, my knuckles are white. 
“Hey! We’re not done…” The rest of my words die in my throat. 
My anger is replaced by fear. My feet aren’t even firmly on the ground yet but I don’t pause, neither to panic or think. I grab my gun from behind me and point it at my father as I watch him smack the butt of his weapon against Lennox’s temple. 
I swallow my scream, my body angling to catch Lennox as he falls unconscious. But my father’s pained look pins me on the spot. His eyes travel from my face to my gun, still directed at him.
“Put your gun down, Elle.”
Hearing his voice so close, makes him even more real to me. He’s right here. He found us. It didn’t take him long. And I’m having mixed feelings, I can’t breathe. It’s like all the air has been sucked out and my lungs are like deflated balloons. I stand dead still, gazing at a pair of green eyes so similar to mine.
Dad points his gun at Lennox. I feel my heart jump to my throat. Instinctively, I raise my gun higher.
He tips his head slightly. “You’re going to shoot me?”
“Are you going to kill him?”  
In a flash, my father yanks my gun out of my hand, and I’m weaponless before I even have the chance to blink. His face is flushed with rage. I can tell that he’s so close to losing it. “You don’t disobey, run away and point your weapon at me, do you understand? And you don’t choose some prat over your own father,” he hisses, close to my face. His eyes are blazing. “Why, Elle? Who is this guy to you?”
I asked myself that same question. But my answer is not something I can say out loud. I’m not sure it’s wise. 
“There’s a fine line between instinct and feeling” Dad told me once. “Instinct, you can trust. But anything ruled by the heart alone – you can’t.” 
I don’t move away. I match his glare. I can almost feel his chest rise and fall as he takes deep, laboured breaths. “I’m sorry,” I whisper.
At first I think he didn’t hear me, but he steps back. He closes his eyes briefly, as if to check his temper, before running them all over my face and my body. I want him to gather me in a hug, just like in the movies when the father finds his missing daughter, but apparently he doesn’t do that. He doesn’t say a single word either, for a good few seconds, until he’s visually satisfied that all my limbs are intact.
“If you don’t want him to die, you know what to do,” he tells me without any trace of emotion, it makes me shiver. Something inside of me snaps. He’s known this boy for years, watched him in the background – had let him live – and now because this boy tried to kill him, and rightly so, he just wants to put him down just like that. Like snuffing out a candle because it burned your finger…
Wait. Did he say if I don’t want him to die?
“Are you going to do it, or would you rather I do it?” 
Dad crouches, and right then his words sink in. “Don’t touch him!” I yell. He’s going to make Lennox forget, erase all memories of me, of us – or worse, the last ten years of his life and plant something different. I don’t want that.
He stands up and faces me. I can’t read his expression.
“He’s my friend,” I say, like offering an explanation.
“And you don’t want him to forget you?” He squints at me. “Is that because you will not be able to reintroduce yourself? He will forget you again. And again. And again…”
I flinch.
“Oh, Elle… how could you do this to yourself?”
I look at him helplessly, at his now kind eyes that hide his disappointment. I shift my gaze from him to Lennox – lying unconscious on the ground, blood seeping from the gash on his head – then back to my father, dressed all in black, his dark hair whipping around his beautiful face. How could someone this beautiful be so heartless? The dark sky, the dilapidated manor behind him fit perfectly in the background. Looking at him, feeling the power he emits, anyone could easily think it was him who caused this destruction. 
“He didn’t mean to kill Jack. And you know that.”
If Dad is surprised, he doesn’t let it show. “That’s beside the point.”
“What is the point?! That no one should know about us?! He’s known all along what sort of fucked up family he was adopted into!”
“But without Jack, who will pull his reins? And he knows I killed his mother and father. Did you ask him how he feels about it?” he sneers. His face might be a picture of complete arrogance, but I see a spark of remorse in his eyes. I guess the saying the eyes are the mirror of the soul is true.
I’m not going to get anywhere with him, and I sort of know my argument is not solid enough. 
“Did you find Isaac?” I ask, switching tactics.
Dad doesn’t answer. But he gives me a glare that specifically says he doesn’t appreciate me poking my nose into his business again. And that he knows what I’m up to.
“Come on, Dad. I’m not stupid. I know why you’re desperate to kill Isaac and I love you for that. Lennox can help you find him quicker.”
He snorts. “And how, may I ask?”
I’m only assuming, but it’s worth the shot. My eyes dart at Lennox. He still hasn’t moved. “They’re brothers. Lennox can get to him, close enough to touch…” I let my words hang in the air. 
“I don’t need to get up close to put him down.” He sounds impatient. Insulted. 
“Lennox could have information,” I say hurriedly.
This time, my father laughs. “Isaac will never divulge sensitive information to an eighteen-year-old.” 
“Not willingly, but unknowingly he could have.”
Dad stops laughing. He looks at Lennox, then at me. “What are you on about?”
I can’t precisely tell how he will react. “Is Isaac aware that there are people like us?”
He lifts his chin. “No,” he sighs impatiently. He takes a step forward and crosses his arms over his chest, watching me closely.
Just so you know she never spilled a word to me, to anyone. 
I didn’t mess with her mind. 
I’m not implying that you did. Why are you always so defensive, Ian?
Jack had known about us, and I doubt he was a fool not to know about Lennox. That’s why he took him in… “But Jack knew?”
“Cut to the chase, Elle.”
I can’t shake this wrong feeling that’s suddenly come into my head. “He’s like us.” I tap my forefinger on my temple twice. It feels strange… saying it out loud. I still can’t believe it. I still feel unnecessarily exposed. I still feel like an idiot.
My father looks momentarily confused. “Who’s like us?”
“Lennox.”
His eyes widen as it dawns on him. And he seems to catch his breath, like he just remembered that he forgot to turn the oven off and his roast is burning. 
“If he agrees to help you, will you spare him?”
The wind howls louder and beats at us harder. My hair flies around my shoulders. I don’t seem to feel the cold, though I’m only dressed in my jeans and tee. Perhaps it’s the hope – it lights and flares inside of me. 
Dad is awfully quiet. He’s glaring at the space between me and Lennox. “He’s not going to give his brother up.”
I ignore his sarcasm. “I can help with that.”
Chapter Nineteen
I kneel on the hard wooden floor to take a better look at Lennox’s cut. He’s sprawled on the sofa, his face angled towards me. I lean closer. Without meaning to, I catch a whiff of his aftershave. He shaved this morning, and I only just start to appreciate it now. I want to trace his cheekbone, his thick eyelashes, and see how they feel against my finger, but I suppress it. Instead, I press the wet towel around his cut, wiping the dried blood off.  
He winces and slowly opens his eyes. It doesn’t take him long to register that he’s some place unfamiliar. He springs up in fear and panic, like an animal who finds itself locked in a cage. But when he sees me, he sits back down, cradling his head in his hands. 
I sigh. I was worried. He was dead to the world during the entire drive to London, to this high-end apartment building in Belgravia where my father took us. It wasn’t a very long drive since my father drives like a fucking lunatic when he’s into it. Exactly like Lennox. 
“Where are we?” Lennox asks. His voice is hoarse, as though he swallowed a spoonful of sand. 
“My father’s safe house.”
His eyes widen in fear.
“Relax. He’s not going to hurt you.” I push myself up and sit on the edge of the black leather couch. There’s nowhere else to sit – I have to choose between this or the floor. But I don’t sit close to him. “I mean… again.”
“Lovely.” Lennox touches his temple. “Is he here?”
I nod. 
“How did he find us?”
I must be feeling a little better because I find myself smiling. “Please. Don’t let him hear you insult him with that question.”
Something flickers in his eyes. He doesn’t get my joke. He checks his finger for blood, but his cut has stopped bleeding for a while now. I hand him a plaster. He examines it, turning it around to check the front and the back, for poison perhaps. “What made him change his mind?” 
The tone of his voice tells me he still has doubts. But he trusts me, I know that for sure. My presence reassures him. “Yours truly,” I say. “But can I trust you not to do something stupid?”
Lennox sighs. 
I’ll take that as a yes. “Your head still hurts?”
He nods, staring at the massive period fireplace across the room. The flames dance and crackle.
“I’m sorry.”
“Don’t be. I should be thanking you ‘cause I’m still breathing.” He takes the towel from my hand and presses it on his cut. Our eyes meet. “So you’re not mad at me anymore?”
I take a deep breath. “I was shocked, Lennox.”
“Yeah, tell me about it.”
“I still can’t believe it.”
Lennox presses his lips together. He has that intense look on his face again. “Is it that bad?”
I have thought of it, while he was asleep. With a clearer head, I start to accept it, and feel less weird about it. “You obviously haven’t spent your entire life with someone you can’t keep a secret from.” I tilt my head towards the door behind us, through which my father disappeared sometime ago. “But yeah, it’s not that bad, once you get used to it.”
He looks pale. Of course this should be scary for him. He’s used to getting the secrets, and not the other way around. 
I laugh. “He can read minds too.”
“Blimey.”
The door behind us slams. Lennox jumps to his feet. I don’t need to look to see that my father standing there, watching us and making his presence known. Lennox’s face tells me. I reach for his hand. “It’s okay.”
He snatches his hand away. He’s looking more petrified than ever. Not the reaction I’m looking for. I guess I’m wrong about the trust thing. I look at my father for some sort of help, reassurance, or whatever.
Dad leans lazily against the door, crossing his arms over his chest. “If you’re waiting for me to break into a big speech and ask for his forgiveness, you can forget it.”
I groan. 
Lennox presses his lips together. He doesn’t say a word, but he doesn’t turn away either. 
“Elle said you can help me find Isaac.”
Lennox eyes slice at me. 
“Dad, could you leave us for a minute?” I ask through gritted teeth, shooting him dagger looks.
“I’m running out of time here. Is it a yes or a no?”
I vault up, grab Lennox’s arm and drag him across the hall into another room. His angry words are poking my head. He breaks away from my grasp, and before I have the door shut, he’s already on the other side of the room, with the gigantic bed between us. 
I quickly scan everything, checking for escape routes and anything that can be used as a weapon. Not that I’m worried he will hurt me. But the room is bare, apart from the bed. The blinds on the windows are closed so I can’t see outside. He wouldn’t dare hurl himself out.
“So that’s why he’s keeping me alive? And then what happens after he kills Isaac? You know what, don’t answer that.” He waves his hand to dismiss me. 
“He’s not going to kill you, end of. That’s the exchange. He will let you go.”
“Let me go? What does it even mean? Oh, I know! I’ll be going back to my house with no knowledge of what occurred in the last month!”
It stuns me – how close he is to guessing the almost-truth; makes me wonder if he’s whispered someone before. 
Lennox isn’t finished. “Fuck exchange! There shouldn’t be any exchange at all. I don’t owe him anything!” Lennox turns his back. He’s shaking, he’s furious, and I can tell that he’s taking deep breaths to calm himself. I feel ashamed because I used him to get back into my father’s good grace. But I stuff all my guilt down where I can’t feel it. It’s not just for me. I did it to protect him.
“Isaac wanted you to pull that trigger.” 
Lennox lets out a short, incredulous laugh, whirling to face me. “You read me?”
I ignore his question. “He used you. He wanted you to kill my father though he knew you had a very slim chance of pulling it off, just to get even. Just to hurt Jack. He’s a murderer! He killed children…”
“I know, okay?!” he cuts me off.
“Jack had a plan, I don’t know what, but he wanted to stop Isaac. That’s why my father is here.”
“I know.”
“Then why are you protecting him?”
“I’m not protecting him!” He runs his hands over his head. “It was me, all right? I was Jack’s plan. He wanted me to compel Isaac to commit suicide. But it all went horribly wrong.”
Jesus Christ. 
“I didn’t want to do it, that’s why I hesitated. But somehow he knew that we’re on to him, so he got to me, twisted me against Jack. He’s so brilliant, I fell right through it.” His voice breaks. 
My throat locks in. I can’t seem to get a word out. How could Jack put him through something this horrible? My Dad could have done it, he offered anyway. 
I walk towards him, edging my way around the bed. He doesn’t move away, but I don’t go any closer than two feet. If he wants me close, I’ll wait for him to ask. I won’t touch him again if he’s not ready.
I sit quietly on the bed.
Lennox shoves his hands in his pockets. “I have no one to trust,” he says in a very low voice, and I barely hear him. He could have punched me on the chest and it wouldn’t hurt any less. I look down on my hands and I realise that my fingers are all twisted together, but I don’t feel anything. Not the pain from my fingers anyway. 
“I only have you.”
My breath catches.
“I only have you, Elle,” he repeats.
I gaze up at him and see him pleading with his eyes. He shouldn’t plead. “And I’m here, Lennox. I’m here.”
Lennox pulls his hands from his pockets, reaches for me, but stops. He sits next to me instead, the edge of the bed slightly sinking under his weight. We’re so close that our shoulders, hips and knees are touching. This will do for now, I think. This simple closeness and the tune of our matching breaths are enough. And the knowledge that we’ll always have each other’s back, despite everything, despite the rotten history that the people we look up to have laid down for us.  
Chapter Twenty
“I sincerely hope you didn’t make out on my bed,” says my father. 
I don’t know why – because we didn’t – but my face is warming up. I dare not look at Lennox.
Dad gets up from his perch on the barstool. That’s when I see the sandwiches and cans of soda on the black kitchen worktop. A sense of immense gratitude and love well up inside me. Despite his cold exterior, he’s still a father – my father. And despite the betrayal, the impulse to feed his young is still in him. I watch him take a bottle of vodka from one of the high-gloss white cabinets that line the kitchen wall, and pour himself a glass. He gulps that down, grimaces a little, and then pours himself another glassful. And another.  Not really model-behaviour. But then again model-behaviour is not our thing, never a part of our vocabulary. What made him resort to drinking is what bothers me. Either he’s losing the grip of the situation or he’s really in pain and heartbroken about something.
After his third glass he asks, “So, what now?”
Great. Not yet dinner time then.
I turn to Lennox, like those presenters on the television cueing their partners that it’s their turn to say their line, minus the dazzling smile. 
Lennox looks at me, holds my gaze for a minute before turning his head slowly to my father. “Isaac is meeting a guy called Stanevich in Saint Petersburg. When? I don’t know. Robin is going to meet him there.”
My back stiffens a little. 
“That doesn’t help me,” says my father. His face doesn’t give away anything. “I want to know where he’s hiding now.”
“He has various hiding places. You’re supposed to know that. You’re the tracker,” Lennox shoots back.
It occurs to me that Lennox knows a lot about my father’s “group of friends.” Though he says he didn’t want anything to do with that life, he seems to be a part of it nonetheless. “Are you some kind of a secretary?” The question bursts out of me before I can stop it. And in my own ears, the question didn’t sound innocent and curious, it sounded harsh with a little “eww” factor. 
I’m horrified. Lennox gives me a sideways glance. I hope he’s not offended. 
“He was Jack’s little bitch,” interjects Dad, to add to the insult. His malicious tone tells me he’s enjoying this. 
Lennox’s jaw clenches. “I’d rather be in the background, like his other set of eyes, than do his filthy, foul work, like… I don’t know… killing my parents?” 
Dad suppresses an amused smile but I can still see it in his green eyes. How he finds that remark funny is beyond me. “You’re still an insignificant lackey. How do you do it? Hug Isaac? Hold his hand? I’m gagging to know.”  
Lennox’s face is red with anger. He turns and leaves the kitchen. I glare at my father, but I only get a shrug in response. I’m about to open my mouth and give him a piece of my mind when Lennox strides back in with Dad’s laptop, practically slamming it on the granite worktop, next to the plate of sandwiches. The plate jumps.
“Is it true? What Jack said about my parents?”
I stare at Lennox, open-mouthed.
Dad doesn’t answer. The amusement in his eyes has been replaced with mild interest. 
Lennox hands ball into fists. “You don’t have the right.”
“Well, pardon me if I didn’t fancy waiting for them to kill me and leave my daughter fatherless.”
The tension in the air is stifling. I should act as a ref, and soon, but I’m frozen.
“Why did you spare me? Did Jack ask you to?”
It didn’t seem like a bad idea then. 
It feels like my heart has stopped beating as I wait for Dad’s response. For a second, I thought he’s going to recycle the same answer he gave Robin. But he doesn’t. He just looks straight back into Lennox’s eyes as if he’s reading his mind from a distance. 
Then my father says, “Emma was one of us. Killing her was hard for me. But I had to.”
I think that’s the best apology Lennox is ever going to get from him. 
From the corner of my eyes, I see that Lennox is looking at me. I meet his gaze. He’s trying to stop it, but some vulnerability is escaping from that pair of blue eyes. In them I glimpse a hint of loss, a hint of resentment, a hint of hope. My heart breaks for him.
Lennox takes a deep breath, as though he’s been underwater and been holding it for quite a while. He lifts the laptop lid.
What is he doing? I take a couple of steps closer to see. Dad just crosses his arms over his chest. Lennox turns the laptop on, his fingers flying over the keyboard, bypassing security passwords. 
What the hell? 
I think Dad just realises that his system is being hacked right in front him, because he snatches the thing, turning it to him. His eyes narrow into slits.
“You’re looking at Beck Stanford’s profile,” Lennox says, his voice impressively calm.
Who the fuck is Beck Stanford?
My father raises his perfect eyebrow, as though he has the same question in mind. He probably does.
“I picked up the name from…” Lennox pauses, shrugs. “…you know. I looked up his profile and found that he was a pilot.”
My father’s expression changes from annoyance to recognition with a hint of disbelief. 
“And he’s flying a private jet tomorrow night to Saint Petersburg,” adds Lennox.
Now it’s Dad’s turn to play with the laptop. I notice the way his fingers tap the keys, fluid and fast, just like Lennox. All of a sudden, I’m cognisant that they are so similar, in so many ways. It’s disturbing. Is this why I’m attracted to Lennox? Though I didn’t know this side of him until now, perhaps I somehow sensed it in him. My thoughts then drift to a conversation I had with Cassie a long time ago, when she told me that people often choose to marry the person that reminds them of their mother or father. That’s why she bought a bottle of the perfume her boyfriend’s mother wore. That was so sick. 
No. I’m not going to prove her theory right. Not that I’m thinking of marrying Lennox. I’m getting way ahead of myself here, for Christ’s sake. Anyway, I prefer the idiom birds of a feather flock together. That makes more sense. I think. 
“And quite a hefty amount of money was paid into his bank account today.” Dad stares at the screen, his fingers dancing over the keys again. 
“Making him no longer bankrupt,” Lennox says.
“Typical of Isaac to exploit the desperate.”
I don’t understand why they have to go through these channels. It’s like climbing over a six feet fence to get in when you have the key to the gate anyway. “Don’t you know his hidey-holes?” I ask Lennox.
“There’re so many we don’t have enough time to check them one by one,” he answers quietly, as though he doesn’t want to disturb my father’s concentration. He has this look about him that I can’t put my finger on. His hands are tucked inside the back pockets of his jeans. He’s slouching a little. I’m not used to seeing him not standing at his full height.
I stand next to Dad and watch. I reach for a sandwich. I have very little knowledge of hacking into a system. We haven’t touched that part of Criminal 101 as yet. It looks so complicated. More complicated than dissecting a brain, I think. Dad strips all the information, narrowing it down to where the money was transferred from, then to how the instruction was made, then to where the instruction came from. 
The result is an IP address. 
I scoff. Internet Banking? Really? What happened to the old ways? Meeting in a dark alley with a briefcase full of cash? 
“Shit,” hisses Dad.
My sandwich is halfway to my mouth. “What?”
“It’s a public Wi-Fi, from some cheap hotel in Whitechapel.” He looks at his watch. 
Lennox shakes his head. “It’s too easy. That can’t be right.”  
Dad glances at Lennox. They exchange a look.
Oh my God. Didn’t take them long to find a common language.
Dad turns back to his computer. His fingers are getting heavier and heavier on the keys, as if the harder he presses, the quicker he will get the result he’s after. That or he’s just frustrated. Half of the screen turns black with green numbers and letters. Codes. 
“Clever,” whispers Dad, but with no hint of respect. 
Lennox asks, “A front?” He squeezes himself between me and my father.
Dad raises his eyebrows and tips his head a little to the side.
“The actual data will be encrypted, I’m sure,” Lennox adds.
“And you’re right.”
I look back and forth between Lennox and my father. I know it’s irrational, and I should be pleased and relieved, but I feel left out instead. Robin was probably right – I am selfish. Good thing she’s no longer around to feel smug about it. 
I open a can of soda. It pops and sends out a hiss. 
Lennox jumps a little and immediately takes a couple of steps back, as if he just found himself one step away from falling into a ravine. He’s trying very hard not to meet my eyes, then turns and heads out of the kitchen. 
I stare after him, mentally debating whether I should follow him or not, to see if he’s okay. He seems… conflicted.
“It would have been easier if I just whispered what he knows out of him, you know?” Dad says without looking up from what he’s doing.
“And give him more reason to hate you?”
“I don’t give a shite if he hates me.”
“Come on. Now that he’s technically fatherless again, that role falls on you.”
Dad gives a ha-ha kind of laugh. “You’d like that, wouldn’t you?”
“He’s a Reader. He needs guidance. Protection. We can’t afford to have our secret turned public knowledge. Like I said – the responsibility falls on you.”
“You’re unbelievable.” Dad laughs again.
I take a couple of steps closer to my father and whisper, “Jack knew about Lennox’s ability, that’s why he took Lennox in. What I don’t get is why he kept it from you.”
Dad shrugs, like he doesn’t care.
“How did he know about your ability?”
He looks at his watch again as though he wants to know exactly how much longer he has to endure this conversation. “He shook my hand and spoke directly into my head. He told me he knew what I can do.”
“Seriously?”
“Seriously. Nearly fried his brain.”
“Did you ask him how he knew?”
“He said he noticed the signs.”
“What signs?”
“I get everything I want with very little effort.”
My forehead creases. “Then he knew a Reader before you.”
He lifts his head and stares across the room. “Gilles,” he breathes the name out. His jaw clenches and unclenches. “Bastard,” he adds, like an afterthought, before putting all his attention back into his work. 
Since there’s no offer of explanation, I’m going to assume that’s Lennox’s father.
I don’t know why I feel a little on edge knowing there are others like us out there. I could be sitting next to a Reader in a cinema and have no idea. I wish there’s a way of sensing each other, like a certain aura, an uncontrollable shiver or a certain smell. 
Or maybe not.
Who knows? Some people are ridiculously paranoid. Some people are just plain greedy and won’t settle until they’re the only one. Some people are bat-shit crazy and start a group or whatever. And once a group is formed, things will be more difficult to control. Readers will be like flashing neon lights in the dark. Normal people will notice. And when they do, there will be fear. Next thing you know, there’s a revolution. All Readers will be seized, transported and confined on an island to be experimented on or assassinated. 
I change my mind. I like my life just the way it is.
Chapter Twenty One
I stare out the balcony window. There’s not much to see apart from the row of grand white stuccoed buildings. I look farther to the east and I see a cross on top of a dome, part of the clock tower of St Peter’s Church. The sun has set a few hours ago, and I notice the lack of stars in the sky. Now that I think of it, the sky here is always overcast. 
I whirl as I catch a glimpse of my father’s refection in the window. He’s all geared up, garbed in black. Our eyes meet. There’s no need to explain where he’s going. I know. But I feel it again, that familiar flutter of unease inside me every time he leaves to “do his job.” I don’t think I’ll ever get rid of it. 
Dad fastens his knife jacket before putting his black pea coat on. He’s like a walking armoury. He has two guns on either side of his chest secured in his black shoulder holsters, an array of magazines on his belt and of course the knives. I don’t need to check to know he has two more guns strapped to both his legs. With his dark coat on, dark jeans and boots, and his weapons hidden away, he looks imposing but harmless. Unsuspecting people would never think of him otherwise. 
He cocks his head. “Too much?” he asks. A mischievous grin lights up his face. I try to return the smile because I know it’s just his way of telling me not to worry, but with the large swimming monster in my belly, it’s kind of hard to have any other facial expression but the look of utter bleakness. 
“Can I come with you?” 
Dad snorts, like he can’t believe where I come up with such preposterous ideas. “I don’t think so.”
“He tried to kill me as well.” I shrug. “Besides, you said we’re doing this together.”
“I said nothing of the sort.” He raises a finger. My mouth snaps shut. “Stay here.” There is certain finality in his command, like if I fail to adhere to it again, there would be hell to pay. He strides towards me and rumples my hair as he used to when I was a little girl. 
I don’t like the way he studies me, like somehow I’ve changed and he doesn’t recognise me completely. I supposed I did change. My horns are longer and sharper, and I bite back. But that’s the whole point of growing up. Right?
Dad touches the ends of my hair, as though he’s checking if the colour has changed. He playfully tugs a handful of it as he lets out a long sigh. “Elle, be careful.” 
He’s gone before I can say something back. 


*****


For the first time in my life, I wish I’m at school in New York. At least there, I can occupy myself, distract myself. Unlike here in my father’s flat, there’s nothing to do but twiddle my thumbs and wait for him to return. Hopefully in one piece. 
I pace – because I have to do something, and wearing down the hardwood floor until I’m convinced I have worn the floor uneven, is the best idea I can come up at the moment.
“Why didn’t you tell me that Isaac went after you?”
Lennox is standing in the hallway, just outside the living room door. He looks tired, like he’s ready to fall asleep on his feet. How long has he been standing there? How much has he heard and seen?
“I got away.” I shrug it off, like it’s no big deal, like I get threatened all the time. I don’t want this to be about me. Between the two of us, his problem is bigger than mine. And I don’t want him to feel sorry because my own uncle, my own flesh and blood, wants me taken care of. 
He tells me to sit, so I sit on the couch. He sits quietly next to me. I turn the television on and flick through the channels, though barely anything registers. They’re just streams of images and sounds. I carry on pressing the down button until there’s nothing on but a blue screen. 
“He’ll be all right. Jack said your father is the best.”
I remember the night I came home from the boarding school and our housekeeper had to pick me up because my father got delayed or something. And when he came home later that night, I found him in his office, pouring a bottle of vodka on his wound. 
He might be the best, but he’s not indestructible. 
I don’t want to talk or think about him. “How did Jack know that you’re a Reader?”
“Reader?”
“Oh. We call ourselves – I mean me and my Dad – Readers.”
“What’s wrong with telepath?” He sounds more amused than curious.
“That word is clichéd. Reader has more mystery in it.” I think he’s trying not to smile. “So, let’s go back to my question.”
Lennox’s eyebrows knot together. “I don’t know. He just knew. I supposed because he suspected either my father or my mother had the gift and assumed it’s hereditary.”
“So you don’t know who?”
“I have a fair idea.”
Right. “It is hereditary. The firstborn in the family inherits the ability and that’s it. Didn’t Jack explain to you how we got this? How this works?”
His eyes narrow. He presses his lips together before he says, “Not really. He didn’t try to carry out an experiment on me, thank God.”
“And you never thought of finding out?” 
“Elle, we’re born with this ability, just like some people are born with disabilities. Do you think some mad people made us what we are?”
Now I feel silly. “I don’t know. I just can’t shake off the idea that perhaps someone from a long, long time ago created a virus that infected some chosen individuals.”
“Yeah, like God?” Lennox widens his eyes, as though he’s just proven his point. He has such beautiful eyes, like blue diamonds under the fake light. The dark circles around them have done very little damage, I wouldn’t have noticed them if I wasn’t really looking.
I realise I’m staring. Hell, I don’t care.
“Did you ever wish you don’t have it?” I ask.
“Are you mad?” he exclaims, smiling, as if he can’t quite believe I asked such a silly question. Then his expression turns serious. “Well, at first I did, when I didn’t know how to use it. It was hard, finding out what people really think. I was often in a fight because of it. It took me ages to learn how to stop their thoughts from filling my head.”
“You figured it out by yourself?”
He nods. “But when I finally did learn, I started to appreciate the ability – the compulsion, the mind reading. I mean, we’ve been given the insight, the capacity to grasp the true and hidden nature of the people that surround us. And the ability to influence them. What’s not to like? It’s wonderful.”
His enthusiasm is catching. Sad to say it didn’t work that well for him, for example, Jack. But I’m not going to point that out. “That’s a very insightful speech. Wait…” I poke him in his arm, remembering something. “Is this how you found out about Zoe cheating on you?”
He blushes. “Yes.”
“LOL.”
Lennox laughs. My breath hitches. Hearing him laugh again gives me a warm feeling inside.
“Have you ever used your powers to do something illegal?” he asks, shifting position so his right shoulder is leaning on the backrest of the couch. He’s fully facing me, curious and a little eager, like a dog waiting for a bone.
The question doesn’t surprise me because I’ve wondered about the same thing with my Dad. I know he’s getting paid a lot of money, so he can totally afford to buy houses on a whim, but I’m totally convinced that some of his possessions are coercively stolen. I already know how he purchases his arms and how he stashes them all over the world without raising the alarm bells, so what’s stopping him from just running away with the goods? 
Me? I did petty things, like preventing a guy from telling anyone that we slept together. But I’m not telling Lennox that.
“I got me and my best friend into this club without anyone asking for our IDs. What about you?”
“I got arrested for DUI but never set a foot in the station.”
That’s bad ass. “I read one of my teachers and found out he’s child molester.”
Lennox’s lips form a silent what? “Did you compel him to change?”
Why didn’t I think of that? “No. I lied and told Dad he tried to grope me,” I whisper. Dad killed him is left unsaid. It’s understood.
Lennox must have seen something in my face – I’m not sure what, but he seems to have decided against asking a follow-up question. I already have a ready answer, like, he deserved it, he’s a paedophile! My shoulders are tense, defensive. I’m ready to justify my act. 
“My car? I got it brand new from the dealer. Without paying a penny,” he adds with a grin. “The house where I lived? That was my mother’s house. I told the person who bought it to give it back to me. He signed the papers. House is mine.” 
“What?”
“I can’t afford to buy a shitty car on my wages, let alone a house. And Jack, I hate to say this, was kind of stingy. Apparently, I have to work hard for a house and a car, and I knew exactly what work he had in mind. No, thank you.”
“Oh my God! You probably had someone fired and made someone homeless.” I give him a good kick on his foot. With a small, but definitely proud smile still lingering on his lips, he scoots towards the end of the couch, far from my reach. 
I’m waiting for that feeling of disappointment, but it doesn’t come. Maybe because I’m not. He has spunk. He’s bold. And I know it shouldn’t, but knowing I’m not the only one who took advantage of our ability and did bad things to other people – whether they deserved it or not, lessens my guilt. Then I notice the pleased look on his face, the kind of look the Fairy Godmother wore after granting Cinderella’s wish. And it hits me. 
I’ve been manipulated to feel less ashamed. 
I’m not sure how I feel about this. Flattered because he cares about me so much, he wants to make me feel better. Angry because he thinks I’m emotionally incapable of handling my own guilt. Embarrassed because around him, I have become as transparent as glass, he can see right through me. Without touching.
“Is there anything else to eat?” he asks. 
“I’ll go check.” As I head towards the kitchen, I hear him switch the channel and the voice of a male newscaster comes on. I don’t watch news very much, unless I want to find out what my father had been up to. Most of the time, I find out about my father’s work through it – unexplained cause of death of a Mafia leader, a car accident that killed a controversial politician, a massive explosion that torched an entire hacienda and killed the owner who happened to be a high profile drug lord. But my father is not always that subtle, he does blatant killing as well. Cold-blooded assassination. He once shot a man playing roulette in a casino, and snapped a man’s neck in a restaurant bathroom. He has no such thing as signature kill. Perhaps the style depends on his mood. 
I search the fridge for food, and find some eggs and a pint of milk. I could make something from these. Good. They’re not out of date yet. I check the clock on the wall. Almost an hour has passed since my father left. 
Will he take Lennox in? 
The question pops into my head, but in my heart it’s more like a plea. I want him to. For a thousand reasons, I want him to. Hope settles in my chest like a rock, heavy and cold. What if he says no? What if Lennox says no?
I have an egg in one hand and a small bowl in the other when I hear the bell chime. I put them down on the counter. It can’t be my father. 
“Did you order a pizza?” Lennox yells from the door.
Shit. I practically slide out of the kitchen to the hallway and shake my head at Lennox. But I think he misunderstands because he shouts again at the door, “Sorry mate. Wrong flat.” 
That’s when I hear a soft click. It’s really faint, but I hear it anyway. 
I run and grab Lennox by the arm, pulling him away from the door.
The door explodes behind us.
Chapter Twenty Two
We barely hit the floor when the door is smashed into smithereens. Chunks of wood rain on us. My chest feels like it’s going to explode from an unreleased scream as a big piece crashes on my back. Smoke and tears burn my eyes. 
Lennox grabs me under my arms and lifts me up, hauling me into the kitchen. His left ear is bleeding and there’s dust all over his head. But he seems okay. And furious.
“You all right?” he asks.
I nod. I dash towards the cupboard where I saw my father hide a gun. With my thumb on the firing hand, I press the magazine release, and the magazine drops onto my waiting left hand. It’s only half full. I shove it back in, and take a couple of deep breaths to calm down because my hands are starting to shake. I can’t afford to be shaky right now. 
“We have to get to Dad’s office,” I say, a little breathless.
The floor creaks. We drop to a crouch, hiding behind the kitchen island. The floor creaks again, and I know now that it’s coming from the living room. Lennox peers over his shoulder, then turns to face me. He has this crazy look in his eyes. “Wait here,” he whispers before sprinting to the living room across the hall, like he has lost his mind. 
Fuck. I jump to my feet and run after him, gun drawn in front of me, close to my chest. I see an armed man with a black mask over his face, and I aim to shoot. But Lennox is already at him, kicking his assault rifle like kicking a door open. It skids across the room. Lennox rams his elbow on the man’s face, but he’s quick to recover and punches Lennox on his side. Lennox seems to curve from the impact and his face has gone really flush, eyes wide, mouth open. 
I take aim and move swiftly to circle the man, but he has his arm encircled around Lennox’ neck. 
Shit! I can’t get a clear shot. 
Lennox grabs the arm around his neck and something happens. I see the arm relax and the man is flipped over Lennox’s shoulder. Within seconds, Lennox has the guy on a headlock, snapping his neck.
His lifeless body sags onto the floor. 
Lennox stands and takes a step back, his chest heaving. The crazy look in his eyes vanishes as realisation hits him. 
There is no time for psychotherapy. “Come on, move,” I say, tipping my head towards the other direction. He wakes up from whatever trance he’s in. We step back into the hallway, my gun pointing at the space where the door used to be. There’s no one there, but I still don’t turn my back. I walk backwards, listening and following Lennox’s footsteps. 
“It’s locked,” he whispers.
“Kick it open.”
The door breaks and swings inward. I walk to Dad’s massive oak desk in the middle of the room and reach under it. As I expected, there’s a gun attached underneath the drawer. Sometimes, my father believes that obvious hideouts have their advantages, such as accessibility. I pull the gun and tuck it inside my right boot. Then I check under the chair, and find another one. I give it to Lennox. 
“Safety’s off,” I say.
“I don’t know how to use this.”
I give him a look. “Sure you don’t.” I open the mahogany cabinet on the far right side corner of the room and find a hard-shell silver suitcase.
“What are you doing?” Lennox hisses.
“Shhh!” I hear a sound, a crunch, like someone stepping on a broken piece of glass. I gesture to Lennox to get next to me. We flatten our backs against the wall and inch our way closer to the door. I can feel his chest moving against my shoulder as he breathes. In fairness, I’m also shitting myself here, but I have to focus. These people are here to kill us. 
Another man – dressed exactly the same as the dead one in the living room, appears through the door. 
One of Dad’s lessons is to not hesitate. 
When the guy finally realises I’m just inches away from him, it’s already too late. I have my gun on his temple. I pull the trigger.
The ear-splitting pop as the bullet shoots out of the gun and drills its way into the man’s head echoes around the room. The impact pushes the man a few inches away from me before he lifelessly slumps to the floor. But it’s not enough. His warm blood sprays like water from a burst balloon and hits me on the face. 
Finish your enemy. Do not exercise restraint. He will not give you the same courtesy, the next time he catches up with you. My father’s voice rings inside my head. One of his many lessons I never thought I will actually apply in real life. 
Everything quiets down like someone has pressed the mute button. The body in front of me, the blood on the floor – they either look too bright or the background and everything else has gone pale. For some reason, I fixate on the vibrant red colour. I have never killed anyone before. The feeling of immense power spreads through my veins like fire. I don’t know if I like it. 
“Hey!” Lennox’s face appears before me. He gently pushes my hand down, the hand that grips the gun, and then I feel his hands on my shoulders, turning my whole stiff body to face him. 
I force myself to look at his face. I force myself to come back.
“You’re okay. You’re fine,” he says in a soothing way, like he’s trying to reassure a child. I’m about to snap at him when he suddenly pulls his shirt over his head and wipes the blood off my face with it. I release the breath I’m holding when I find he’s wearing another shirt underneath it.
“Thank you,” I say. I’m glad my voice sounds steady. I kneel next to the dead body and rip his ski mask off his bloody face. I’ve never seen this man before, but I don’t really care about his identity. I’m more interested in his ears. 
Shit. He’s wearing an earpiece. 
“We have to go.” 
Lennox nods and drops his dirty shirt on the floor. We weave our way towards the front. Both our guns are ready. I stop at the entryway, checking the hallway. It’s clear. It’s too bright and too quiet. There’s been an explosion in here a few minutes ago and it’s damn strange that no one’s screaming and running out of their flats. 
I have no time to think about my neighbours. 
I glance at Lennox. “Hold the gun like this.” I bring my gun up to show him. “Level it along your line of sight when you shoot. Keep the gun close to you, but not too close to your face. And don’t stretch your arms, it doesn’t look cool.” 
He gives me a look. 
I ignore it and step out, quietly making my way towards the exit. 
“Psst! The lift,” Lennox hisses, tilting his head towards the elevator in front of him. I shake my head and nod towards the stairs. At the same moment, the number above the elevator starts to climb up.
We run.
My chest constricts. Our feet are thundering against the glimmering floor tiles as we sprint, heading for the door at the far end of the hallway, the door that leads to the stairwells… 
The door suddenly bursts open. My heart jumps into my throat. Lennox grabs my upper arm as we slide to a stop, pulling me to him. I slip, but my hand stops my fall. A bullet whizzes past my head. Lennox ducks. Muffled shots are fired and we break again into a run in the opposite direction, back to the apartment.
Ahead, the elevator pings open. 
This is it. There’s nowhere else to go. We’re not going to make it back to the flat. I whirl and fire at the bastard shooting behind us. I pull the trigger, again and again and again…
Then I’m yanked to the side. I think I hear someone scream, then realise it’s me. Next thing I know I’m inside the elevator, tripping against some dead bodies. My father is standing in front of me, and I’m suddenly filled with so much relief, I could cry. 
With a semi-automatic in his hands, he steps out of the elevator like he doesn’t give a fuck and fires once. 
Silence follows. 
He steps back in the elevator. 
Lennox is glued into a corner.
There are three dead bodies on the floor. 
My father’s face is grim as he reloads his gun. Then he quietly hands me a mag. 
“Are you hurt?” My father asks.
I shake my head. I look at Lennox. He shakes his head as well. 
Dad presses the down button. “There will be more of them coming. Stay close to me.”
I’m still trying to catch my breath. “I’m glad you came back. Did you…”
“Questions later,” he interrupts. He looks at Lennox, at the gun he’s holding, then to me. 
“It’s all right, Dad. He’s fine.”
My father just stares at me quietly. 
Is he, really? Am I sure Lennox is not going to grab this opportunity and shoot my father?
The elevator door parts open. Dad pops his head out and scans the lobby. “Let’s go.”
The lights are quite dim down here, and I have to double check the shadows on the wall opposite us, making sure they’re ours. Lennox and I sprint after him. We stay close to the wall. Dad raises his hand, his fist closed, and we halt as he checks the outside, peering through the glass slats on the door. His hand then reaches for the handle and slowly turns it.
Then he stops. 
I hear a metallic object hit the concrete. It bounces off and hits the door. I don’t have to look at it to know what it is.
Grenade. 
Dad’s face loses a bit of its colour. This is the first time I’ve seen him show a sign of fear. And I know exactly why – because I’m here. And we’re trapped. He pushes me and shouts, “Get down!”
The entire building shakes. This time, I’m sure the police will be here any minute. And that’s a bad thing, because whoever is out there to kill us has to finish his job before the police arrive.
A pair of hands – Lennox’s – helps me up. He tries to pull me away from the wreckage but I whip my gun out and start firing, ducking and diving towards my father. 
He’s sprawled on the floor. I pull his arm, practically dragging him away from the swaying massive chandelier right above him, only hanging by a thin wire. From the corner of my eyes, I see Lennox smash a door open. Then people are screaming and running out of their flats like headless chickens. For a brief moment I realise we do have neighbours. I don’t know where they’re going and I don’t give a shit. “Get up!” I yell at my father. I can barely hear my own voice above the noise. 
I’m out. I’m horrified. I remember the gun in my boot and I reach for it. I keep pulling the trigger, until I hear a click.
Shit.
Dad is on his feet then, his arms around my middle, sweeping me away. 
Then all hell breaks loose. 
We’re inside another flat. My eyes search for Lennox but I can’t see him anywhere. Dad rolls us down on the floor, covering me with his body. Bullets are piercing through the wall like it’s made of paper. I heard my father practice shooting in the Arizona desert many times before. The noise was quite loud then, but within four walls it’s excruciatingly deafening. Especially when coming from a high powered gun. 
“Gun. My left side,” Dad says, and I reach for it. 
The clunking from the falling casing stops. I slide a little to the right, but I can’t get a clear shot. The overturned couch is in the way. Dust fills the room. The furniture, the picture frames – everything is a wreck. I can taste the gunpowder in my mouth and it’s filling my nose with a semisweet metallic smell. 
Dad points towards the open door across the room. I nod. He pushes himself up and glides like smoke, shooting, dodging and shooting again, while I run to the next room.  
That’s where I find Lennox wrestling with a man. He’s flung against the wall with a rifle pressed across his throat, choking him. I don’t know where these bastards are coming from. They seem to be popping out from every God damn corner! I swallow my scream of frustration and dash forward, ramming my foot onto the back of the man’s knee. I hear it snap. His howl follows. I grab him by his hair and he falls on his back. I shoot him in the chest.
Lennox is hunched on the floor, coughing. I don’t notice the other guy on the floor until his hand grabs my leg and pulls. I fall, banging my head against the bastard I just killed and feel his blood on my hair. The other man is suddenly on top of me. He has no mask on or someone probably removed it from his face. I see blood trailing from a deep cut above his right eyebrow and his nose is broken. My left arm is pinned under his leg while my right hand is in his grip. He slams it on the floor, over and over, but I don’t let go of the gun. I feel his hot breath on my face as he leans closer, as if to get a better look at me. His other hand closes around my throat and squeezes.
I try to scream but I can’t. I kick and kick aimlessly, trying to wiggle myself out, but I’m failing. My vision is starting to blur. I can feel my throat closing and my lungs fighting for the last bit of oxygen in my body.
All of a sudden there’s a rush of air as the heavy weight is lifted off of me. I cough and scramble up to a sitting position and at the same time I take gulps full of air, filling my lungs, as I watch Lennox hurl the man against the mirror on the wall. He throws a punch, but the man ducks. His fist lands on the mirror, cracking and smashing it even more. Then the man lodges his foot on Lennox’s stomach.
Lennox and the man are locked in a shuffling embrace, punching, kicking, grappling, and grunting. I can’t feel my neck. My hand inches up to check that it’s still attached to my shoulders. I force myself onto my feet, fall a couple of times, but on the third try I finally manage. Each unsteady step I take sends pain bursting into my chest. I ignore the pain and rush to help Lennox.
But there’s no need. The man is already dead. His mouth is open in a silent scream and his lifeless eyes are staring wide. But his body is still convulsing uncontrollably. And Lennox’s hands are braced on either side of his head. 
“That’s enough!” Dad shouts from the doorway. 
Lennox’s head snaps up. The look he gives my father is a look of fury, like he doesn’t recognise him – or worse, recognises him as someone he hates. He doesn’t let go of the man. I don’t know what’s happening, but whatever it is, I know he’s causing it. He just killed a man with his touch. 
I call his name and he looks at me. “It’s okay. You can let go now,” I say.
His expression softens. Finally, he lets go and the body stills. He gets up and steps over the body, to stand in front of me. His eyes are searching, his palms are turned upward as if he’s holding something I can’t see, and he reminds me of a lost child.
I wrap my arms around his neck. He buries his face in my hair and it is a good few minutes before he finally grabs the back of my shirt and grips it tight. 
Chapter Twenty Three
“Ow!”
I can’t help but wince as well, as I try to dab the cut on Lennox’s lower lip with antiseptic gauze. “Keep still,” I say. It’s too dark for me to properly see what I’m doing. We’re both on the back seat of Dad’s Range Rover, parked behind a fish and chips shop a couple of blocks from the flat. Running along some side roads through back alleys wasn’t easy. The darkness wasn’t enough to hide us from prying eyes, and there were loads of prying eyes on the street, so we had to climb some fences to get here. My body aches. I can only imagine how Lennox feels since he’s the one who took a lot of beating. 
I keep glancing outside to check for any sign of my father. I’m not happy leaving him behind in case more of Isaac’s people come, but he’s not having it.
“Elle!” he said my name when I insisted that I wanted to stay, the E extra-long, the tone sort of impatient – like when he warned me not to play with my food or when he caught me sneaking out of my room in the middle of the night. As always, it worked wonders on me, snapping me out of my stubborn state. 
Finally, he arrives with his silver suitcase and a black messenger bag slung across his body. He chucks them in the boot of the car then runs to the driver’s side. The engine revs up with a roar as we speed out of the parking lot. 
Lennox slouches back. His eyes are closed and his chest is still heaving. I hear sirens approaching from a distance. Two or more police cars and a fire engine pass us, but I pay little attention. I know my Dad. Whatever we did back there will never be traced back to us. He went back to his apartment not to just get the rest of his weapons but to erase whatever prints or DNA we left there. Including Lennox’s bloodied shirt.
He tosses it to me. It’s wet and still smells like blood. It reminds me of the blood that Lennox has gently wiped off my face. I have this strong desire to take a shower, to stand under a blast of searing hot water until I’m spotless and pink all over.
When we left the flat, I found two more bodies outside – a man and a woman. My uncle – who else? – sent nine assassins to kill us. He really wants us dead, the shithead.
I didn’t know we can do what Lennox did. My father never said anything about that side of our ability. But I can tell he knows because he keeps glancing at me in his rear view mirror with that certain kind of look in his eyes. The kind of look that says I never meant for you to find out. I guess it’s too late for me to debate if that power is right or wrong for me anyway, since I have taken lives, and killing with a gun is not much less brutal than frying a brain.
Frying a brain. I suppose it’s easy. Send images to make the brain believe that something horrible and painful is happening; images that will make it break down and die. I think that’s how it works. I could be wrong.
I reach for Lennox’s hand. Lennox?
His mind opens up and he breathes in. It’s like he’s opened a window to let some fresh air in. I’m sorry you had to see that.
It’s fine.
Are you afraid of me?
No.
He sighs. I lost control.
You went a little cray-cray.
Lennox smiles. It’s a terrible joke but I’m glad he finds it funny. And that smile. It’s enough to erase all the bad things that happened during the last hour. It’s enough for me.
The voice in my head goes quiet. He’s not blocking – he’s just not thinking of anything in particular. Trying to forget, I suppose. I pull my hand but he tightens his grip, refusing to let it go. I try to keep my head clear like him, but guilt is poking the side of my brain.
Hey! He faces me, willing me to meet his eyes. Don’t think like that. You didn’t bring this to me. I started this, remember? You’re the one who got dragged in because of me and him! He looks at my father. He partly blames him because he still hates him. I can see it clearly in his head. 
I suppress the sadness that’s creeping through my heart, so he won’t see. I suppress the thought that wishes he would forgive him because it’s not fair.
I’m sorry, Elle… God, I’m such a twat! I’m just mad and my ribs are probably broken…
They’re not broken.
I know. But it feels like it. He takes a deep breath. We got out. That’s what’s important. He gives me a little smile before closing his eyes again. He seems worn out. I feel the same.
I let him rest. I let go of his hand to give his mind some privacy.
My instinct tells me that I’m being watched. And sure enough, my father’s eyes are trained on me in the mirror, but he breaks eye contact. Whatever it is that he thinks is going on between me and Lennox, he disapproves of it. He doesn’t like it. Not one bit. That’s what I’ve seen in his eyes. 
Or he doesn’t like the fact that I have killed people. He doesn’t like the fact that I’m gradually becoming like him. Taking a person’s life is easier for me than I thought, as easy as breathing. I think he’s a little wary because I’m not showing any sign of remorse or of shock, or he’s worried this event has unknowingly mapped my future. 
Perhaps it has. 
Sometimes I wonder if he is happy with his life. I like to think that he is because he has me and he has loads of money. Not that money matters that much to him. 
I’m enough.
Will it be enough for me – having a child – when I reach that stage that I feel I have to reproduce? I understand why my father prefers this life, because it is virtually impossible for him to have a normal family. And what happened in the past is another factor. Who would want to repeat history if history brings heartache? In his sleep, my grandfather accidentally whispered his wife to death. The guilt destroyed him, made him cut himself until he bled to death. I can’t blame my Dad for fearing that the same thing might happen to him. To me. 
I could be wrong, but I think whatever it was that he had with my mother he did try to make it work. And it was not just for me. But every brave man has a weakness. And my father’s is his fear of rejection. The day my mother rejected me – that was it for him.
I will probably have the same fear when the time comes, but with Lennox I probably won’t. Him and me, we could have a normal life – what is normal for us. Perhaps this is what draws him to me and me to him.
I’m over-thinking things.
But with all the crazy things going on right now, and all that it’s not the right time plus this is not going to work shit, I can’t deny it anymore. I’m caught – from the moment Lennox saved my life from falling off that stupid wall – I’m literally and figuratively caught. 
The car stops. The traffic light is red. My eyes drift back to the mirror and again, I find my father’s eyes staring at me. This time, it’s hard to guess what he is thinking. This time, we don’t break eye contact until the light turns green and we have no choice.


*****


We’re back in Windsor, back at the house on top of the hill with cherry blossom trees. Dad parks right outside the front door but he keeps the engine running. “Here.” He hands me the key. “If anything happens while I’m gone, there’s a phone in my office, in the drawer. Get it, get out of the house, and bring it with you. I’ll be able to track you with it.”
“Where are you going?” I ask.
“You know where I’m going.”
“I want to come with you.” After what happened, I want to see Isaac die.
“Do you want to leave that prat here by himself? I don’t think he can take any more beating. Someone has to protect him, don’t you think?” he says with a bitter, sarcastic smirk.
I don’t like the way he makes Lennox sound so weak. But he’s right, I can’t leave Lennox. I can’t take him where the danger is either.
“You’ll be fine. I’ll know if someone manages to break in.” He rests his hand over his breast pocket. I see the shape of his phone. “Then I’ll be back in no time. I promise. Now, go.”
Lennox is already out of the car. I climb out and follow him, giving him the keys to the door. He unlocks it as I watch my father drive away. And as always, those dreadful feelings of fear and worry are creeping up my spine, paralysing me, chilling me until I’m shivering inside.
I forgot to thank him from saving us.
“Elle?”
I brush my tears away and enter the house, disarming the security system. As soon as I close and lock the door, the system goes back on. So if someone tries to tamper with this, Dad will know. The knowledge reassures me. I could have asked him to let Isaac go, we could just leave the country, go somewhere we could be safe, but it would be like asking him to set his hair on fire. I know exactly what his answer will be – I will not let any threat walk away. I will not give them any chance, more opportunity to bite me in the arse. And I agree.
I head straight into his office and immediately find the phone. When I step out of the room, Lennox is waiting for me in the hallway.
“I’m going upstairs,” I say.
Lennox nods and grabs my hand as we go up the stairs, taking two steps at a time. He probably assumes I’ve asked him to come with me, but it doesn’t matter. The farther we go up, the safer I feel, but I still don’t feel any better – which is weird and hard to explain and feels really unhealthy. I grab some clothes from my room and a couple of towels. I think of searching through Dad’s wardrobe for something that would fit Lennox, but I quickly discard the idea. 
“I think we should go up to the attic,” I say.
The second flight of stairs to the attic is quite narrow. Lennox lets me climb up first, flicking the light switch on. The spotlights on each step light up, illuminating our way. He retakes my hand, as if he’s taken ownership of it. Eight steps and we’re on top of the tight landing, so tight that our bodies barely fit and Lennox has to take a step down to allow me some more elbow space. With an anxious huff, I punch the code, push the door open and close it behind us. 
Lennox hesitates. I can see why. The walls are decorated with guns. I go straight to the adjacent bathroom and turn the shower to full blast, stepping inside with my bloody clothes still on, stripping and scrubbing as I go. The scalding water beats down on my back and I relish it. I feel like I’m being purified as I watch the pool of dirty and blood tinted water go down the drain.
The steam clouds the bathroom, but when Lennox comes in, the fog seems to part around him. My heart is pounding. I’m afraid to open my mouth because my heart might fly out of it, so I don’t say a word. He steps in the shower and the feeling of exhaustion and disgust vanishes as electricity settles beneath my skin. He touches my neck, lifting my chin with his finger to see the bruise closer. His blue eyes turn dark and narrow in anger. He cups my face, brushing the hair off my forehead, delicately running his fingers along my hairline, my cheekbones and jaw. Then he smooths his hand down over my hair. 
I place my hands on his hips, pushing my fingers up and under his shirt. The skin above the waistband of his jeans is so solid and smooth; I have to see what’s underneath the clothes. I grab the hem of his wet shirt, pulling it over his head. I see big, purple bruises on his side just beneath his ribcage, on his flat stomach and on his arms. I trace them with my fingers, wishing I could touch away the ugly things that mar his perfect body. Instead, I kiss the cuts on his knuckles.
Lennox dips his head down to my shoulder and kisses it, his lips trailing from the bone that connects my arm to my shoulder, to the bruises on my neck. The new stubble on his jaw and chin graze my skin and I shiver. My inside coils and uncoils. For some reason, I focus on his facial hair, how fast it has grown, and I wonder how often he has to shave, until I feel his hands on my back, gentle and light on my spine, and I stop thinking about anything else but the way he makes me feel. I take it upon myself to press closer to him, so I can feel his skin against my skin. His lips travel up to my jaw, my cheek, my eyes, my forehead, down the bridge of my nose, until I can’t wait anymore. I press my lips on his. 
I kiss him with a hunger I never knew I had in me.


*****


“There will come a time when you will think if I’m worth the trouble,” Lennox whispers. “I will do what I can to make sure your answer is a yes.”
I press closer to him and I feel his arms tighten around me. We’re on the floor and I’m curled on his lap, wrapped in a blue blanket. My cheek is pressed against Lennox’s bare chest and I can hear his heart beating steadily. He’s so warm. 
Has he really once just been a stranger?
All this time I thought I was trying to protect Lennox from my life, from me, when all along I was trying to protect myself. In my head, I had this picture of myself – strong, content and alone. And I was happy with that. I had accepted that.
And then I came here and stumbled upon him. And he’s saying these words that he’s not supposed to say given our circumstances. Because of him, my picture is blurring, shifting and I feel completely out of control. The life that I thought was for me, the person I thought I was supposed to be – I don’t want that anymore. I want more. I want Lennox. And I’m terrified.
“I know you don’t need me to be your sodding hero. You have your father to take care of you, but I have honestly never wanted to kill someone more than I want to kill Isaac right now,” he says over the top of my head.
I close my eyes and take a deep breath. I know how he feels. I feel the same. The intense urge to put a bullet inside Isaac’s head, right in between his eyebrows, is simmering inside of me. To hell with the outcome, to hell if I get killed in the process – I just want to have that satisfaction of getting even, the satisfaction of knowing I have put him down.
“Are you asleep?” 
I shake my head. It’s still dark outside but I know it’s close to 5 am. I’m shattered but I don’t think I’ll be able to sleep even if I want to. Not until I know my father is safe. Not until I see him.
“Does he really need all these weapons?”
“Yes,” I say with a little laugh. 
“Do we really have to hide in here?”
“Believe it or not, I feel a lot safer if I’m surrounded by guns.”
“You don’t say. It feels really creepy…” he pauses, sitting up suddenly. “…for me.”
I follow his gaze, to the small flat screen television on the wall and wonder what is so interesting about this particular guy with an umbrella, standing in front of a bank. He’s speaking to the camera, talking about house prices going up. 
Then I see it – the news ticker. 
What the fuck?
“Bloody hell,” Lennox breathes the words out. “Elle… he burned the whole building down?”
“I think so.” That’s all I can say. I have to read it twice before it finally sinks in. Apparently, there’s an uncontrollable blaze in Belgravia that’s causing havoc in the area. The police had to close the entire block. Early morning traffic is being redirected. And it’s too early to say if it’s an act of terrorism.
Shit.
Now that I’m thinking of it, my father couldn’t possibly remove all our prints from that place that quickly. Or the dead bodies. But burning the place down will take care of it all. I think of the people who live there and I’m suddenly filled with... with…
“That’s mental. But I’m sure your father got everyone out,” Lennox says.
I forgot that his hand is on my bare thigh. “Yeah but they lost their homes.” I feel like I have to do something. Put them in a hotel or whatever.
“Elle, those people are not poor. If they can afford to rent those flats, I’m sure they are very well-off.”
I face Lennox. My eyebrows are scrunched together.
He inclines his head. “Your father owns the entire building, don’t you know that? He will not put his base in some place where he cannot control who comes in and out of it. And those wealthy tenants are the perfect front. They keep to themselves. They’re not nosy.”
As everything he says sinks in, I realise he really does know quite a lot about how this assassin business thing works. 
Lennox smiles and places a peck on my lips. “You look so cute when you’re confused.”
Do I really now? “You look ugly with that smug look on your face.”
He laughs and buries his nose in my ear. It tickles. He trails some kisses along my jaw up to the corner of my lips. My breath is getting heavy. I close my eyes and try to quell whatever fear I’m feeling. This moment would have been easier to enjoy if we were not in this situation, if we didn’t have this problem. 
There is a battle going on inside me. Part of me is ecstatic to be with Lennox, but the other part feels this deep guilt for being happy. It’s like being handed a promotion that costs your best friend’s job.
I hear something ringing. Lennox hears it too because he lets out a frustrated groan. It seems to be coming from the desk in the corner of the room. I uncurl myself from Lennox’s lap and tighten the blanket around me, tucking its corner between my breasts so it won’t fall, and follow the sound. The floorboards near the window creak a little when I step on them. 
It’s my father’s phone.
Lennox gets up and grabs his jeans from the radiator. He puts them on. I can’t help but stare, and for a moment I forget about the phone. He walks towards me while buttoning his jeans.
“I can put that in the dryer if you want,” I say and my voice comes out a little hoarse. Damn it.
“It’s fine, darling, it’s just a little damp.”
There it is again – that incensing shame.
“Aren’t you going to get that?” he asks.
I stare at the phone.
“It must be your father.”
But he never calls me after an assignment. He said I have to wait for him here to get me, he didn’t say he’s going to call. 
I’m suddenly gripped with fear.
“Answer it,” I say.
“But that’s not my mobile phone,” Lennox says as if he thinks what I’m asking him to do is rude. 
I snatch the phone and practically shove it on his chest. “Just answer it, please. And put it on speaker.”
Lennox catches my hand. He’s reading me; I know he is, because I see understanding in his eyes. He takes the phone, presses answer and speaker. I hold my breath, waiting for a voice to come through and I’m hoping it’s not my father’s but some random person who got the number wrong. I feel the dismay even before I finish considering the thought. I mean, the likelihood of someone else dialling a private, secure number is pretty slim. 
Lennox winks then clears his throat. “Balti King?”
My eyes narrow and my lips form a silent what? He just shrugs.
There’s only silence on the other end. If it’s my father on the other side, he would have said something already, something snarky.
“Hello?” says Lennox.
“Lennox, is that you?”
It’s a woman’s voice. The first person that pops into my head is Zoe, but then how did she know this number? And the voice is different, more nasally.
Lennox eyes widen in shock and his face has lost a bit of its colour. He starts to turn his back on me and places the phone on his ear, but just as quickly, he changes his mind, takes the phone off his ear and stares at it helplessly.
“Lennox?” the woman says again.
“Faye?”
Faye? It feels like the ground has been pulled from underneath me. My heart starts hammering against my ribs, as though it’s fighting its way out, as though it wants to escape and run as far away from here as possible. Without knowing, I take a step back, only to realise I have nowhere to go – I’m trapped between Lennox and the wall. And the voice from the phone. I haven’t heard that voice for a very long time, so long that I don’t recognise it. 
I hear her sigh. “It’s you. Father called you.” I hear her sharp intake of breath. “Oh God, Lennox, do you know what happened to him?”
Lennox looks at me. “Faye, how did you get this number?”
“From father’s phone. Last number he rang. I’m so glad…” she pauses as if to catch herself. “Do you have any idea what happened?” she repeats.
Lennox doesn’t answer.
“He passed away, Lennox,” I hear her say, like Jack had cancer and was waiting for his time. “Where are you? Why aren’t you here, paying your respects?”
“I can’t come home.”
There’s a brief silence before she says, “What do you mean you can’t come home?”
“I can’t explain.” Lennox closes his eyes, as if his words are giving him physical pain. Perhaps they are. Perhaps the memory of what he did hurts him. “Why are you ringing the numbers on father’s phone?” he asks before she can fire him another question.
She sniffs. She’s been crying, I assume. “I was hoping you’re my ex.”
There’s ringing in my ears. I’m trying my best not to look rattled, but to be really honest I’m about to freak out. My hands ball into fists. My nails dig into my palms, causing as much physical pain as possible so I don’t feel my heart break. My heart shouldn’t break in the first place, and that’s what making me so fucking upset. I shouldn’t feel anything for her – not even bitterness.
To feel is too foreign.
Lennox is watching me closely, stricken. His eyes are begging me to tell him what to say next. But my brain has decided to stop working at the moment. 
“I’m afraid. I don’t know what the hell happened here. I can’t get hold of Isaac. And you’re gone as well. Then I got this bizarre message telling me to ring the last number father called and to hide her…” Her voice trails off. “I think something bad is going to happen... to me, I think it’s a warning. And if there’s someone who would know what the bloody hell is going on, it would be him.” 
“Faye, I really can’t talk. I have to call you back,” Lennox says hurriedly.
“What? Wait! What the hell, Lennox? Father is dead. Someone murdered him and you can’t talk! They ruled suicide out. There’s going to be a murder investigation and I’m supposed to come in to the station later for questioning. Hell knows what will happen if I say something wrong. Do you know something? Are you in danger?”
“Calm down, Faye.” Lennox massages his forehead.
“I can’t fucking calm down! Don’t tell me to calm down! I’m alone here, and I’m petrified! They will find things if they haven’t already. I have to warn the others but I don’t know what to do. I need help. I can’t do this alone.”
“I’m sorry. I really have to go.” He hangs up and sits on the edge of the table, hunched forward, his face buried in his hands. The phone is pressed against his left temple. It rings again after a minute and he jumps, almost dropping the damn thing. “Oh, for fuck’s sake,” he swears under his breath.
I’m just watching him, trying to gather my thoughts – coherent thoughts. The shock, the surprise is paralysing. I’m stuck to this spot, cold stone frozen like those oversized ice sculptures in wedding venues. My back is awfully stiff. I want to break into tiny pieces and melt and drip out of the room, to escape. The phone rings and rings and rings, filling the room with that chiming noise. As seconds fly, it seems to get louder and louder. It’s starting to grate on my nerves.
Lennox grips the phone really tight, his knuckles going pale. I feel like telling him to press the ignore button if he wants the ringing to stop, rather than crushing the phone until it breaks. He looks up at me. “She can’t know about Isaac and your father.”
Is that his way of asking me what to do? 
“But we can’t leave her in the dark.”
We can’t leave her in the dark? “She left me – probably not literally in the dark, but she left me nonetheless!”
Lennox’s face crumbles. “She needs help.”
“Help with what?” I’m losing it. “She’ll be fine. The others know how to take care of themselves.” The less she knows about what Lennox did, the better for her and for us, I think.
“She’s not like them. The moment the police start asking questions she will crack and crumble, and the police will break her. They will,” Lennox says. “Then perhaps one of Father’s assassins, perhaps your Dad, will silence her for good before she could do any more damage.”
I don’t give a shit. 
I don’t say it out loud but the way Lennox’s eyes harden with understanding, I know he sees it. It’s all over my face.
The phone is still ringing in his hand. He returns his attention to it, staring at it intently and for a wild moment I think he’s going to answer it and leave. I hold my breath and watch. I wait. This is ridiculous, and I’m close to tears which is even more ridiculous. 
I can’t hold it at bay anymore.
All the hurt that I felt from growing up without her, all the hurt that I buried somewhere deep inside me is surfacing, like pus from an infected wound that I thought I had taken care of by slapping layers and layers of bandages over it. I can feel the sting and it’s making me sick and I think it’s disgusting.
“Please, Elle. Let me go to her. I have to do something, make her forget some things, sensitive things.”
I have no right to keep him here. He can go whenever he wants, do whatever he wants. This is not a freaking prison. “No. Let her deal with the police. And I hope she messes up. I hope she gets killed.”
Fire sparks in Lennox’s eyes. “I get that you’re hurt. You hate her. But she’s still your mother. This is too vindictive even for you.”
A small smile tugs at my lips. This is the other thing that I like about Lennox – he’s not shy to speak his mind. But sometimes I just want to cut his tongue out. Like right now. I want to tell him everything, justify why I’m being “vindictive,” but I don’t talk about it. He says he gets it, but I don’t see how. His parents died. They didn’t choose to leave him. They didn’t think of him as a freak. They didn’t leave him in a cold, dark room alone, bawling his eyes out until he’s too tired to cry anymore. He didn’t walk in on his mother and find her with another man and then be screamed at to go away.
How can he get it? He can’t. Not by a long shot.
Calling Faye a mother is an insult to all mothers out there. 
She used me to get close to someone who was afraid of getting close to someone different from him. Someone with a secret. If she thinks she knows my father so well because she knows his real job title – she needs to think again. That’s only half of him.
The ringing has finally stopped. I look out the window because I can’t bear to look at Lennox’s face. I’m angry, and maybe my anger is unreasonable and maybe I’m taking it out on him, but I really, really don’t give a crap.
And I’m also not going to let him walk out of here and into certain danger. Not after everything I did to make sure he’s safe. Not after what happened. I turn and move away from the window, from him. The blanket around me suddenly feels a really inappropriate thing to wear. 
I pick up the bunch of clothing I left on the floor and quickly put it on. 
“Elle, I didn’t mean what I said.” Lennox gives a long, frustrated sigh. I hear the pain in his voice. “It’s just that… it’s so fucked up…” he says with so much desperation and something else… something like hope. As though he thinks that making sure that Faye lives will make up for killing Jack. “I just want to make sure that she’ll be all right,” he adds.
I push my arms through the sleeves of my black t-shirt and face him. Lennox still has his head cradled in his hands, like he has lost the will to live. He cares about my… he cares about Faye, that’s for sure, and the realisation gives me a little pinch in my chest. Maybe she was nice to someone she likes.
Each step that I take towards him, I feel my anger crumble to nothing. I stand in front of him. He lets me take the phone from his hand and slips my hands into his. Immediately, I’m washed with his thoughts. My suspicion is right. Among the three people in Lennox’s adoptive family, Faye is the only one who makes him feel normal, himself. 
Honestly, I’m a little jealous. But I’m determined not to make this about me. 
It doesn’t take long for my reservation to dissolve with my anger. 
And he sees it. Our eyes meet. I’m going to do this for him, not for her, and I make sure that he sees it too. He understands and he’s grateful. His lips brush my cheeks and he whispers, “I’ll be back.”
I pull away and raise an eyebrow. “No, Lennox. I’m coming with you.”
Chapter Twenty Four
I think it’s about time that I face her, see her again after all these years. Dad might go ballistic but he’s not going to find out. Come, erase and go – that’s the plan. 
I expected Faye to live in London, so I’m a tiny bit surprised when Lennox said she doesn’t. Apparently she lives in Kent, close to the seaside. I’ve always thought of her as a city girl, a woman who would prefer to live in an opulent, busy place. My eyes narrow suspiciously when Lennox parks my father’s silver Porsche in front of a small house with white façade and a blue door. 
“Bugger. We’re probably too late,” Lennox groans. 
It’s probably the absence of a car in the driveway that makes him say so. He did consider calling her back to let her know he’s coming over but I told him not to because I’m not in the mood for manners and I want him to be as rude as me if I’m coming to help. Let’s face it, there’s a chance – and it doesn’t matter if it’s small or massive – that he might not be able to pull his plan off. So I’m here for backup.
“Are you okay?” he asks.
I turn to him. “No.” My honesty surprises me. During the entire drive, I didn’t feel anything. I’m as numb as a person in surgery. But now that we’re here, I start to feel some sort of tingle at the ends of my fingers, and there’s a cold hollowness in my stomach. 
Lennox leans closer. He kisses my lips. I try to loosen myself – focus on his minty scent and his soft lips, the way his lips carefully slide over mine – but nothing can pull me out of this stifling awareness that I’m about to see my mother.
Then he stops, and holds my hand instead. Breathing a discreet sigh of relief, I turn my face away and stare outside the window. I am distracted but I don’t want to lose our connection. Somehow, his presence, his voice in my head is the only thing that anchors me, the only thing that’s keeping me together, the only thing that stops me from losing control. 
We both have our heads turned towards the window – I can see his reflection – and he has his fist pressed against his lips. Something seems to be troubling him. He’s thinking openly, not bothering to guard his thoughts. He’s recalling the phone call we received from Faye, the things she said, word for word, like he’s searching for something. Something that he has missed, something he reckons is off. Curious, I follow his line of thoughts, until he comes to the part when Faye said something about the message she received from someone. Lennox can’t remember her telling him who the message was from. I don’t think she did. And this seems unsettling for him, for some reason. 
Hide her. Hide her. Her.
It hits me the same time it hits him. He looks at me as I’m shaking my head. 
“No. That’s ridiculous,” I say.
Lennox is wearing his worried look – eyebrows scrunched together, forehead all creased. I never liked that look on him. 
But like I said, it’s ridiculous. If something has happened to my father, he will never entrust me to some absentee mother. If something has happened, he will trust me to take care of myself. “My father is okay,” I say, trying to sound convincing, as if forcing him to believe my words will make it true, but the quiver in my voice betrays me. I squeeze my eyes shut for a second to reset my thoughts. 
“Elle…”
God! “What?” I let go of his hand. 
I catch a hint of hurt in his eyes. Lennox crosses his arms over his chest, tucking his hands under his pits. “What if I’m right? What if you’re in more danger than he anticipated?”
“If he thinks I’m in danger, he will come for me like he did last night.” Or send Sonia to get me, not Faye. 
But Sonia is on the other side of the planet.
“Sometimes when you’re in a panic, when you’re desperate, you do the most unlikely thing.”
My Dad doesn’t know the word panic. “Stop assuming. You don’t know him,” I snap. “Where the hell is she? I’m giving her five more minutes but after that…” I let my words hang in the air while cutting a sharp look at Lennox. I’m sure he knows what I mean.
But he doesn’t notice me. He’s staring at the rearview mirror. A black sedan is just pulling in, blocking our way out. I can’t tell how many people are in the car. The windscreen is too dark for me to see inside. And I thought here in Britain you’re not allowed to have your car windows tinted black. 
The driver’s door opens. A woman slowly gets out. She has dark glasses on that she slowly removes and places on her head, gradually craning her neck to check Lennox’s window. I’m guessing she can’t see properly because she’s hesitating, slowly closing the car door. Her right hand slowly reaches up to tuck her hair behind her ear. Everything she does, she does it slow.
That’s Faye all right. 
Her appearance has changed a lot, and it shouldn’t surprise me since it has been more than a decade since I last laid eyes on her. She’s thinner, borderline anorexic-skinny. I can see the sharp angles of her shoulders underneath her peach cardigan. There’s a prominent hollow to her cheeks that makes her cheekbones protrude.
Lennox gets out of the car without as much as a backward glance at me, and I catch a whiff of salt in the air when the door opens. I fail to notice if he’s genuinely glad to see her or if he’s showing some sort of apprehension and guilt, because I can’t keep my eyes off Faye. Faye reels back a little, then smiles. Her face lights up.
“Lenny!”
Lenny?
Lennox strides towards Faye. They embrace, briefly. The top of Faye’s head barely reaches Lennox’s chin. It just occurs to me that she’s quite small. When I was little, she seemed so tall. 
“What happened to you?” she asks as she scans his face. 
“Been in a fight.” 
Faye’s eyes narrow, but she doesn’t ask any more questions. I see the opportunity there – Lennox can easily pretend to remove her hands from his biceps then whisper in her head – but then I notice she’s wearing gloves.
“I thought you’re my ex,” Faye says, eyeing the car. She’s gathered her blond hair to one side, over her left shoulder, to keep it from getting messed by the strong wind, I suppose. “That’s his car. What are you doing with his car?”
“I borrowed it.”
Faye’s eyebrows knot together. “Is he with you?” She’s still staring at the rear window. I doubt that she can see me. 
“No.” Lennox reaches for her elbow. “Can we talk inside? It’s a bit nippy out here.”
Faye pushes past Lennox, and before I can hide or pretend to be busy admiring the brick fence, she’s already peering through the driver’s window. Her eyes – those amber eyes that sparkle like gold under the sun – register a hint of disbelief when she sees me, but other than that her face is void of any reaction. I wonder if she recognises me at all. 
A memory pops into my head. She took me to Central Park once, the first and last day out we had. I realise now that we went there so she could sunbathe and meet men, while I played not so far from where she carefully displayed herself. I actually thought she looked like the princess in one of my storybooks. 
As it turned out, she’s the evil witch.
Surprisingly, I don’t feel anything, and I’m actually facing her and all. My numbness has decided to stay, fortunately, enveloping me in some kind of protective bubble. I stare back at her, unblinking, like I’m seeing a complete stranger. Essentially, she is a stranger. With a start, Faye straightens up, seems lost for words and unsure of what to do. She turns to Lennox, and based on her body language – the stiffness of her back – she’s not prepared to see me. At all. Ever.
Glancing at Lennox, I notice that he’s nervous. He’s chewing on his bottom lip, his arms crossed over his chest. “Aren’t you going to invite us in?” he asks as if the situation is not awkward at all. He covers his mouth with his hand, slightly stroking his chin. His eyes never leave Faye.
It takes a full minute before Faye answers, “Grab my handbag. My key’s in there.” She clears her throat as if she’s choking.
Instead of handing Faye her handbag, Lennox walks towards my side of the car and opens the door for me. I mentally assess my legs, checking for any shakes, but they seem to be capable of standing up. As I climb out, Lennox fingers circle around my wrist, over the end of my coat sleeve, pulling me closer to him as he slides the bag across the roof of the car towards Faye. Faye catches it, and the way Lennox drapes a protective arm around my shoulder. Her eyes spark with interest. 
“Hello, Elle,” she says with a smile. 
I don’t verbally respond – just nod a little to acknowledge her greeting. I find my breathing is quite relaxed, the hollowness in my stomach is gone and my heart is beating normally. This is not what I expected. I thought seeing her again in person would destroy me, but it doesn’t. 
I’m over her. If I have known this would give me closure, I would have done this earlier. Like fourteen years ago. 
“You didn’t tell me you are friends with my daughter.” Her eyes slice at Lennox.
“He just found out few days ago that we’re related,” I answer on Lennox’s behalf. Again, I’m surprised that I’m acknowledging our relationship. It feels strange.
Her lips part, forming a silent ah, then as if to catch herself she smiles and says, “We have a lot to talk about then.”
I shake my head. “Actually no, he’s here to see you,” I point a finger at Lennox. “I’m just here for the scenery.” I smile and pretend to pay interest to the row of semi-detached houses across the street. A man with a receding hairline waves from the opposite house as he pulls the bin out to the pavement, his round belly sticking out of his very tight and very short maroon velvet dressing gown. “Anyway…” I return my attention back to my mother. “It’s a bit disappointing.”
Faye keeps her smile on her face. “Well then. It is a bit cold out here.” Her eyes slide over to Lennox one more time before she turns around, rummaging through her bag for her house keys, I suppose. Lennox kisses the back of my head and I can feel his chest rumble with suppressed mirth.
“It’s not funny,” I whisper as Lennox slides his hand from my shoulder to my back, to usher me forward. 
“It is a bit.”
“Whooping your ass will be funny.” I squirm and pull his hand off my back. Faye pushes the front door open and it gives a little creak. For a second, I have this feeling that I’m walking into a trap. I’d like to see her try and hurt me though, because in this state of indifference I doubt that I’ll think twice in hurting her back.
There’s a very expensive looking Oriental runner in the hallway. Faye drops her keys into a crystal bowl on the tall table as she walks into the house and disappears into a door on the right. With Lennox’s hand on the small of my back again, urging me on, I follow her and find myself in a living room that mirrors one of the rooms at The Ritz. The room glows in golden yellow. The rich red armchairs look antique as well as the oak coffee table. 
“Sit,” Faye gestures towards the chairs, then removes her gloves. “I’m glad you came. I thought…” she breaks off and smiles, waving her hand. “I’ve been to see Phil. You remember him? Father’s solicitor?”
“This early?” asks Lennox.
“He briefed me for my police meeting later. He asked about you. Again. You should see him.”
Lennox stands next to the marbled fire, crossing his arms over his chest. “What for?”
“He said he has something to discuss with you. He won’t tell me.”
“Rubbish.”
“Oh, fine. It’s about the estate your biological parents left you. You’re an adult now.”
I look out the window then back at Lennox. 
“I’m not interested.”
“Whether you’re interested or not, it’s yours.”
“Well, it’s not exactly theirs to give. So really, it’s not mine. We’ve talked about this, Faye. You’re doing my head in.”
Faye scoffs loudly. “Your stupid ethics is clouding your brain! You have to take it, especially now.” She sits on one of the chairs, the one closest to Lennox. Then she stands again. “I need a drink. Do you want any?” 
By drink, I’m hoping she means tea. It’s only almost seven in the morning.
“No, thank you,” says Lennox.
She turns to me.
“No.”
I think she stared at me a few seconds longer than necessary before turning on her heels, her shoes clicking repeatedly against the floor. My eyes follow her until she’s out of the room. As soon as we’re alone, I join Lennox by the fireplace with my hands clasped behind me. “So, you had to make people give you a house and a car?”
He raises his eyebrows. “That was not a lie.”
“I don’t care. Do you know what I care about? What we came here to do. Therefore, today, please?” I hiss through my teeth and sweep my arm towards the hallway, mockingly inviting him to follow her. If Dad comes home and finds the house empty, he’s going to assume the worst and there’s no escaping his fury. I pull at the scarf around my neck to loosen it a little. I wonder if it’s really warm in this house or it’s just me. I could take my coat off but then I would have to reveal my weapon. 
Lennox’s eyes narrow. “I’m trying to find the appropriate time.”
“Clearly, you’re not trying hard enough.”
“What do you want me to do? Jump her?”
I glare at him and grab his hand. Do it or I will. Hell knows what I’m going to do. I might get carried away…
He sees what’s in my mind and he pulls his hand away, stomping out of the living room. Finally! I shake my hands as if to loosen my nerves but I’m not nervous. I’m just impatient. I can’t stand being in this house. 
I face the fireplace. There are lots on knickknacks on display, small things that are probably memorable to Faye. With my arms crossed over my chest, I stare at them, and for some reason I feel oddly curious. These things will probably give me an insight of what she has been up to, where she has travelled, because it’s pretty obvious that these are keepsakes. Only they are not as obvious as snow globes and fridge magnets. 
There’s a small wooden box with a ribbon and tag still attached. I flip the tag over.
“The key to the house in Sankt-Peterburg – the key to our freedom… Isaac.”  
That is when I notice the water ring on the mantel. It’s still fresh. 
I feel a prickle on the nape. 
Fuck.
I don’t get a chance to turn around. There’s an explosion behind my eyes and next thing I know, the ground is speeding up to meet me. Then everything goes dark.
Chapter Twenty Five
It feels like I’ve been underwater. Gasping for air, I take long, deep breaths to get rid of that drowning feeling. Even before I open my eyes, I know I’m in some place unfamiliar. I can feel the wrongness deep in my bones, my subconscious is warning me of the danger I’m in. But how grave the danger is, I’m not sure yet. 
Everything seems so foggy. Either my brain is still half-asleep or there is a veil over my eyes. I squint to focus. My coat is gone. There’s something shiny in front of me, I’m not sure what at the moment. It seems to stretch higher and higher, my still heavy eyes can barely follow its length. Soon enough, I realise I’m lying on my side. Something very rough that smells like synthetic and dust scratches the right side of my face. With an effort, I slowly roll on my back. But my left shoulder and arm won’t follow.
Clang.
What the hell?
I’m handcuffed. I gape at my hands, wide-eyed in disbelief. I’m shackled to what appears to be a stripper’s pole. It hits me like a punch in the face, as I finally realise my predicament, now that I’m fully awake, totally alert. My heart starts beating fast and hard, like bass speaker in full blast, pumping hot blood into my veins. It’s frustrating not to be able to move freely when I’m seething and desperate to hit someone or something. Instead, I settle on grinding my teeth together and swallowing my scream. I can’t remember exactly what happened, but it’s obvious that somewhere between the time Lennox left me and the moment I found the key, I let my guard down and I mentally curse myself for it.
Oh shit. Lennox.
My mind races to think as panic starts to creep in. The hot blood in my veins is quickly turning icy. One moment I’m simmering with anger. And the next I’m cold with fear. I sit up. Blood rushes to my brain, no matter how careful I am. I don’t have to touch it to know there’s a massive bump on the back of my head where I’ve been hit and I can feel the caked blood sticking clumps of my hair together. There’s a bitter taste in my mouth that becomes worse as I try to swallow. And my tongue feels like sandpaper. I gag.
This is so not good. And I have this feeling that it’s about to get worse.
My eyes automatically scan the room. I don’t see anyone around. Apart from a few chairs piled up on one side, the room is otherwise empty. The walls are velvet red. There are plenty of spotlights, but only a few of them are on, giving the room a romantic, seductive setting.
But I’m not feeling the romance. And I figure whoever has tied me up doesn’t have seduction in mind.
I search for something, anything within reach, to use to pick the handcuffs, but the place looks like it has been vacuumed clean. Okay. I position myself facing the pole and place my booted feet against it, curling my body into a foetal position, except my arms are held out. Good thing I’m very bendy. I grab the pole with both hands, left fist on top of the right, gripping the pole really tight while trying not to think of the things that have possibly slid up and down on this. Then I kick.
The stupid pole doesn’t budge.
I kick again and again and again. It rattles for a bit and the screws holding it to the floor jump but don’t come loose. I kick again, numerous times. I’m making too much noise, but I don’t give a shit.
Come on. Just rip already.
A screw pops up. My heart jumps at the same time. I dive for it, as if it’s the most precious thing in the whole world and I can’t wait to make it mine, eagerly turning it with my shaky fingers. Beads of perspiration cover my hairline. I focus on the damn screw like my life depends on it. It probably does.
I exhale loudly when the screw detaches.
The end of it is too thick to fit inside the handcuff lock and the end is not even pointy. My heart sinks. Shit. I keep it in my hand anyway then bring my feet back against the pole and restart kicking. Just three more screws to dislodge and I’m a free girl. 
“Oi! Stop that now. You don’t want the ceiling to come crashing down on you, do you?”
I freeze. 
I shouldn’t be surprised but I am. I don’t have to look – I know who it is.
“It’s nice to see you again, honey.”
I blink. I’m not prepared for the pain that rushes through me. It is like a kick in the teeth. For some weird, stupid reason, I feel so betrayed. She didn’t give me anything but heartache, but she managed to redeem herself by leaving. And now she’s back, meddling with our lives in the most hurtful way possible.
I stare at her and say, “What the fuck have you done?”
“That’s not how you speak to your mother. You’re quite rude,” Faye says ever so calmly and a tiny bit amused. 
“Well then. What the fuck have you done, Mommy?” 
Annoyance flashes in her eyes, but she quickly shrugs it off with a sigh. She crouches next to me. The look in her eyes is not of hatred, sadness or joy. It’s curiosity. “You look so much like Ian, especially now that you’ve grown up. You didn’t get any of my features at all. No one will suspect that my blood runs in those veins.” She smiles, poking my arm. Despite the carefully applied make up, the dark shadows under her eyes are still visible up close. “It probably doesn’t really. I doubted it before.” Then she carefully flicks the dirt off her tan UGG boots.
I want to kick her away from me, but I have no strength anymore. 
Her hand reaches for my hair, touching the ends. “What’s with the hair colour?” 
“I got bored with black. A bit of red gives it some edge.”
“It really suits you.” She smiles, and I almost smile back. Somehow, I find hilarity in how casual our conversation is. That is if you’re not going to take into account the fact that I’m a freaking prisoner.
“Where’s Lennox?”
Faye raises an eyebrow. Then she stands. “He’s in the other room.”
“What is this place?”
“Do you like it?”
What’s there to like? “No.”
My mother has the audacity to laugh. “I know, right?” she exclaims, like we are best buds and our minds are in synch. “Thanks to your father, this is the only place left for us to hide.”
Us?
“I hate this place. It’s so… so… I can’t think of the proper word…”
“Cheap? Nauseating?” Like you.
She inclines her head. “Unsophisticated. That’s the word. The smell of lager and cheap perfume makes me want to gag.”
Unsophisticated my ass. Enough of this. “What do you want from me?” My voice is shaking with the effort of not kicking her in the groin. I’m breathing so fast with frustration.
“You?” If her smile gets any brighter, I might go blind. “I hate to break this to you, but not everything is about you, my dear. Though I won’t blame you for thinking that. Your father doted on you too much. He even led you believe you’re special.”
I really hate her. Never thought I can hate her more than I already do. 
“Anyway, I’ll give you a glimpse of what’s going to happen, shall I?” She doesn’t wait for me to answer. “You are going to be the key – or shall I say the knife that will pierce your father’s heart into a million pieces. You see, he thinks it’s all right to knock someone up just to create his spawn. He thinks it is okay to play with someone’s life, someone’s feelings. He thinks he can fib all he wants and break hearts as if it means nothing. He thinks it is fine to cast someone out of his life after use, like some piece of rubbish.” She pauses, taking deep breaths. “IT’S NOT!”
I gape at her. She’s hurt and she wants to teach my father some lessons? Boo fucking hoo. “You’re not a gem either.”
She shoots me a fiery look, taking a step closer. “What do you know? You’re always the centre of his mighty attention!” she screeches, raining spit down on me. It’s disgusting. Not for the first time, I can’t believe I was born from this psycho.
“Now then, Faye…”
My head whips to my right when I hear the voice – both unfamiliar and familiar at the same time. I recognise the tone, the way you might recognise an artist’s voice in the radio, singing a song he’s never played before. It throws me off a bit, trying to match the voice to a picture in my head, but I can’t get a fit. And then I see his face.
I haven’t seen this man before, but I have seen his face in someone’s memory.
“You shouldn’t let the child get to you.” 
I’m not a child, but I don’t say it out loud. He walks… no, swaggers towards us. My heart sinks down into my stomach. As he comes closer, the question I’m refusing to ask myself burns inside my head like acid, eating my brain, paralysing my nerves. Paralysing me. 
I want to… cry.
“Hello. The last time I saw you, you could barely lift your head up.” His smile is genuine. He looks a lot like my mother, only his hair is darker, curling around the back of his neck. But their eyes are similar. “You probably don’t know me. I’m Isaac.”
I just stare up at him, speechless, dreading his next words. I can feel the huge lump of fear clogging my throat. I can’t fucking breathe.
“Do you really have to cuff her?” Isaac asks Faye.
“What? Having a soft spot now? That face got to you as well?”
“She’s my niece, you dippy.”
“She’s my daughter. And she is also Ian’s.”
I don’t miss her use of present tense. I feel a flash of hope.
“Ah! Forget it.” Isaac helps me up to my feet. I don’t want him to touch me, so I try to squirm away, but obviously I can only go so far. I hate the feel of his hands on my arms. “Give me the key. And that chair.” His low voice is pleasant and terrifying at the same time.
Faye digs inside the pocket of her coat and hands the key over, before stomping away. Isaac makes a clicking sound with his tongue as he uncuffs me. “Don’t try anything. I don’t really have a soft spot.”
It’s like an invitation. I always reply to invites.
As soon as I feel the handcuffs loosen, I bring my foot to his shin, kicking him as hard as I can. Isaac falls on one knee with a grunt. With a scream, I swing the handcuff and it hits him on his temple with so much force that he falls again on the floor. I reach inside my boots, but of course my gun is gone, and I curse myself for forgetting and wasting those precious seconds. 
Suddenly there’s a hand on my hair and my face connects to the pole. The pain is so blinding, I have to close my eyes for a moment. I bring my right arm up and swing my elbow backwards.
I hear Faye’s scream. Her grip on my hair slacks, but before I can pull away, I’ve been tackled to the floor. I feel a bunch of my hair rips from my scalp. My left shoulder hits the carpet so hard, I’m afraid I dislocated it. But I don’t care. I can’t focus on the pain. Isaac’s body is crushing me. I punch him, right on the side of his rib cage at the same time as I raise my knee up to his groin. 
A rush of air – his warm breath – hits me on the face, and his weight shifts a bit, giving me enough space to manoeuvre my hips. I roll the screw in my palm so the end sticks between my fore and middle fingers, and punch him again, aiming for his heart. But he moves. The force, the impact buries the screw into his flesh, near his left shoulder instead. Isaac shrieks. He curses. I manage to get free, and I’m pushing myself up when he hooks one of his legs around mine and I’m thrown down, flat on my stomach. He’s too strong, as strong as my father, but he’s not going easy on me like my father did during training. He straddles me from behind, grabbing my wrists together in a tight grip and pushing my face down on the floor.
I try to wiggle my fingers free, to get a proper grip, a proper touch so I can fry his brain, like what Lennox did to one of those bastards in the apartment building, but I can’t. The more I move, the harder he presses my face down, suffocating me. Carpet fibres get inside my nose as I fight to breathe and I can taste them in my mouth, dusty and coarse like sand.
Isaac is going to kill me, there’s no doubt about it. Tears sting my eyes. 
“What in the bleeding hell is wrong with you?”
Someone tugs Isaac off of me. A pair of hands grabs me under my arms and lifts me up to my feet. An arm wraps around my middle, holding me against a solid body that feels so familiar…
Lennox…
Life rushes back into my body. Before I can stop myself, I turn to face him, wrapping my arms around his neck. For a split moment, I let the happiness of seeing him well and unharmed fill my every nerve…
Not so gently, he pulls my arms away, until he has my wrists trapped behind me. 
I don’t understand…
Lennox refuses to meet my eyes. I can’t touch him. I can’t read his mind. He can read mine, but he’s not talking. His eyes are trained behind me. 
“It will kill Ian more if he watches his precious daughter die in front of him, not find a daughter that’s already dead.”
Chapter Twenty Six
I’m going to be sick.
I think I have stopped breathing for a few minutes. I probably have died with my eyes wide open because I can honestly feel my face turning grey. And this is after something in me broke.
“Bollocks! We should kill her now,” Isaac growls. “Look what she did to me.” He winces as his shaking fingers grip the end of the screw and he yanks. “Argh!”
My ears are buzzing as if a swarm of incensed bees are going crazy inside my head. My mind is unfocused. My body is numb. I don’t even feel it when Lennox handcuffs me back to a chair. I just let him. I think it’s useless because I can’t even bring myself to feel any anger or fury or betrayal. 
“You see? This is why I don’t like working with you!” His voice jolts me. I blink. It feels like I just woke up from a nightmare, only to plunge into another one. The haze lifts and I will my mind to concentrate. His touch is firm but not brutally firm. He’s careful. I can fight him, but I know what he’s capable of, he can easily whisper me to sleep, and I don’t want that. 
I notice that Isaac is limping. Good. Faye is sitting on a chair, a good six feet away from me, cradling her broken nose. Blood drips from her hand, down the sleeve of her coat. Isaac turns to her, letting out an impatient sigh. He whispers something to her, something about cleaning herself. Faye whines about her nose being broken, but Isaac just holds up his hand as if to shut her up. Then he rolls up the sleeves of his shirt, exposing the tats on his arms. They’re good tats. Intricate. He must have spent hours under the needle for them. My father doesn’t believe in the beauty of tattoos. He hates them. He thinks they’re inessential marks for cowards who are too scared to show real attitude. 
I concur.
Then I look at Lennox as he walks to stand in front of me. I wait for the pain to consume me, and when it finally comes, it comes in waves. No amount of preparation can help me. My chest literally hurts – bone-crushing-soul-burning pain. I guess I did love this boy. It’s stupid on my part. 
To keep my sanity, I focus on the strong urge to hurt him back, make him feel and look like a fool – like what he did to me. There’s a part of me that wants to blame myself for not seeing him for what he really is, for turning a blind eye, but I quickly stop it before I start feeling sorry for myself. I shove the pain somewhere deep within me, in that place where I keep all my unwanted emotions.
I will not make the same mistake again.
I will not make the same mistake again. 
I will kill him myself.
I watch him, drink everything about him in, harden myself to the feelings his presence evokes. His whole body is angled towards Isaac, pretty much ignoring me. He has a few fresh bruises and cuts on his face, but other than those, there’s nothing on his face that gives away any of his emotions, if he’s feeling any. His expression is as neutral as a judge’s. I close my eyes for a minute. 
When I reopen my eyes, he’s looking at me. 
I have to get my shit together. “What are you doing?” It’s a stupid question, but it just stumbles out. Good thing I manage to keep my voice steady and polite, which is a miracle since I feel nothing but anger inside. 
“You know what.”
The coldness of his voice seeps through me and my back involuntarily stiffens as though I’ve been drenched by a bucketful of freezing water. I force myself to even my breathing. 
“Why?”
“You know why.”
Right. That’s it. It’s either he lied about his feelings or his hatred towards my father is far stronger. 
I laugh a little. The second possibility doesn’t even make sense. He raises an eyebrow in silent question, but I don’t bother to answer. Why should I? To make a fool of myself once again? To make him aware one more time that I’ll always find an excuse for him because I can’t help it? 
“I don’t think she knows why.”
I incline my head towards Isaac. 
“Believe me, she knows,” says Lennox. His voice has a certain edge.
Suddenly, I feel a vibration inside me. I feel like a dam that’s about to burst. I fight to keep my temper in control, in check.  
Don’t lose it.
“What I want to know is why you, my dear uncle, want to kill my father?” I ask in a voice dripping with sarcastic politeness.
Isaac grins. “I don’t like him. Simple as that.”
“He doesn’t like you either.” I match his smile, only mine is brighter. Next, I turn to Faye, who is just coming out of the toilet with a wad of toilet paper pressed against her nose. “He doesn’t like you too, but I guess you already know that. Do you know what he said the moment you left? There is a God.”
Faye flinches, as if I’ve slapped her. 
I turn back to Isaac. “Where’s Robin?” I innocently ask before I widen my eyes in mock horror. “Oh, I forgot. She’s dead.” 
“That’s a lie!”
That’s it. That’s what I’m looking for – Isaac’s eyes blazing with simmering anger, mixed with turmoil and panic that what he suspects is true. He looks so much like my mother when he’s angry.
“Don’t mourn her. You should know that before she died, she threw herself at my Dad.”
The back of Isaac’s hand hits me across the face. The impact is so solid; I reel and almost topple to the side. I have this insane urge to laugh but I stop myself because I can taste blood and it’s starting to fill my mouth. My head snaps back up, my eyes sweeping from Lennox – his lips pressed into thin line, and even though his hands are stuffed inside his pockets, I can see that they are knotted into fists – to my very livid uncle.
 “That’s why you don’t like my Dad,” I say triumphantly. Then I fake a frown, to taunt him more. “Don’t be so unreasonable. Being second best isn’t that bad.”
If Isaac’s body can get any more rigid, he’ll probably turn into a giant rock. His nostrils flare and he reminds me of a bull. He takes a step closer, with pure murder in his eyes. 
“Please, let’s just get on with this, shall we?” Lennox exclaims all of a sudden. “He’s awake, by the way. That’s why I came in here.”
Who’s awake?
Isaac is breathing hard, his hand paused mid-air, and his body is shaking with suppressed rage. So Robin was a sensitive subject. He balls his hand into a tight fist and swiftly lowers it to his side. His eyes are glistening with unshed tears, and I can’t believe it. Without meaning to, I feel sorry for him. Falling for someone who wanted another is not very nice. Falling for someone who wanted another and died because of it is worse.
“I’ll take her.” Isaac quickly removes and refastens my handcuff. His grip on my arm is not gentle at all as he drags me up to my feet, pulling me towards the double doors at the end of the room. Lennox casts me a quick look as I walk past him. It’s a look that I can’t explain, but something about that look makes my heart hammer and my body temperature drop.
I know he’s following us, together with Faye, from their footsteps. Unlike Isaac, those two don’t know the meaning of the word stealth. I try to squirm out of Isaac’s hold, but his clutch only tightens more – his fingers digging into my skin.
I can’t tell the time because the windows are tinted dark, but I couldn’t have been gone that long. Midday – that’s my guess, otherwise this place would be open to the public and the lack of patrons confirms it. There’s no noise from the outside either. This place is completely shut, which scares me a little bit. 
Isaac pushes the double doors open and we enter a small lobby. He hauls me across it, past two tall men dressed in black, towards another door at the far end of the room. It’s a lot lighter out here. There’s daylight streaming in through a window above another door to my left. There’s also a skylight above, I can tell from the shadows on the white tiled floor. The lack of posters on the walls is a let-down, there’s nothing here that gives me even a slight idea about the location of this place. 
As we enter the other room, I’m assaulted by a musty smell. That’s the first thing I notice. Second: the two guards standing by the door and the row of slot machines on the wall – 16 altogether, plus the 4 oval tables and 6 half-circular tables with plush chairs. I’m just beginning to conclude that this room is bigger than the last one and it’s a pathetic excuse for a casino, when I notice a small stage next to a grand piano. And on the stage, there are three men. One is sitting on a chair with his shoulders hunched and his head bent low…
Oh God… No…
All my hopes collapse around me. I think I hear someone whimper, then I realise it is me. I would’ve run forward if Isaac wasn’t holding me in place with his vice-like grip. My head feels like it’s going to explode, and slowly, as my fury spreads, my whole body shakes like it’s ready to detonate. Without thinking, I slam my head against Isaac and hit him right on his jaw and ear. 
He curses, loud and crisp, but he doesn’t let go of my arm. In fact, he yanks me backwards and I slam against the wall, hitting my head. The pain is excruciating. I can’t stop the scream from bursting out of me. 
I hear a shout, “Do that again and I will fucking kill you, then rip you apart!” 
Isaac laughs. “Oh look!” he sneers close to my left ear. “There’s Daddy.”
I swear if, no, when I get out of here, I will nail him to a tree then claw his eyes out and feed them to the pigs. And it’s only fair that he should know what to expect, so I say it out loud. 
He lifts my chin up and looks me in the eye. “I’m not afraid of you, little girl,” he whispers, letting go of my chin with a jerk. I feel a prickle of fear. Isaac is unpredictable, unsteady. I can see it in his eyes. This is what makes him dangerous. 
My vision is getting really blurry, and no matter how many times I shake my head, it won’t clear up. I fight to stay conscious. 
“What now, Ian? Are you going to tell me where Robin is?”
“Robin? You’re keeping him alive to ask where the hell Robin is?” Faye asks.
Isaac ignores her. “I know you have her, you fucking cunt.” 
My father doesn’t answer.
From the corner of my eyes, I see Lennox jump up on the tiny stage and take a couple of long steps towards my father. Before I can scream for him to stop, he punches my father on the face. I flinch.
Dad groans and shakes his head repeatedly. Then he gives Lennox a sidelong glance. “You don’t look so good,” Dad says, eyeing Lennox from head to toe.
“Neither do you. But I’ll be all right. You and her…” Lennox inclines his head towards me. “…not so much.” 
“Okay.” Isaac rakes his hand through his hair. “I’ll let you both go. Just tell me where she is.”
Dad rolls his eyes, as if to say he’s not an idiot. “They know. Everyone knows what you did and what you’re planning to do. Yuki is on her way here. There’s no place here on earth where they can’t find you.”
Isaac goes quiet, but I can feel his body shake. It’s practically vibrating against me.
My father sighs then says in a reproachful voice, “Gone a little greedy, haven’t you? Was it worth it, betraying Malcolm? But betraying your own father?”
“What?” Faye’s shrill voice echoes around the room. It’s like metal scraping against metal.
“My own father was plotting my death!” Isaac hisses. His cold fingers encircle my arm, squeezing it harder. “The only way to bring him down is to bring you all down!” 
Dad only shrugs in response.
Isaac bends my arm so hard that a cry escapes me. Dad stiffens on his chair. “I’m going to ask you one last time, mate. Where is Robin?”
“She’s dead.”
Isaac twists my arm until I can almost feel my bones break He’s breathing hard. I can hear each inhale and exhale. His heart is pounding like a hammer against my shoulder.
“Fine, then. I don’t see the point of delaying,” Isaac says, hurling me forward with so much force, I careen towards the foot of the small stage. I can’t even catch myself with my hands tied behind me and I’m already feeling unbalanced from the sight of my father as helpless as me, so there’s nothing else I can do but stumble and fall, hitting the floor with a pained grunt.
I hear my father growl. I look up at him and gasp. He’s also handcuffed to a chair. There’s blood on his right ear, down his neck and on his chest. His shirt has been torn open and one of his sleeves is almost ripped off. I want to reach for him, save him. 
“Elle, everything is going to be okay,” he whispers loud enough for me to hear.
I want to believe him desperately, but I don’t see any way out of this fucking mess. 
“Darling, listen to me and stop crying…”
I wasn’t even aware that I’m crying. Then I feel the tears as they freely run down my face, hot and fast. I feel my spirit break. I bite my lower lip to stop it from trembling, to stop my sobs from escaping. He told me to stop crying. I must stop crying. But every fear that I suppress comes flooding into me, through me, so that I’m finding it difficult to breathe.
Mother is not coming back, is she? 
Without warning, a memory fills my head of when I was a little girl, and I’m helpless to stop it. I was on my father’s lap, painting his face with black spots. We were in the lounge in our house in New York, and he was on his favourite armchair, holding my tub of paint in his left hand, his right hand stroking my hair. 
Dad shook his head, and the paint smeared across his nose. I glared at him, narrowing my eyes in dismay. He chuckled. But it was a sad chuckle. I’m afraid that’s right, darling.
I cleaned the smear away with my tiny hand, concentrating on that simple task, trying to ignore the feeling of being abandoned.
You do appreciate why she had to leave, right?
Because she doesn’t understand, I softly replied. I dipped my brush in the tub. 
That’s right. You’ll be fine, though. I will take care of you. You are my life, after all. He gathered me in his arms and I pressed the side of my face on his chest, listening to his heart. The pounding was strong, solid. I knew then that he meant his words.
I felt him kiss the top of my head. I lifted my face up and he kissed me on the forehead. You are my life, he repeated.
And now I’m his death.


*****


Isaac grabs me again by the hair, pulling me up on my feet. I try to twist around – not bothering if my hair gets ripped off my scalp – so I can kick him in his nuts, but he’s quick. He kicks me in the back of my legs. I fall onto my knees, screaming in pain.
“NO! You fucking bastard!” my father screams. His face is flush. He kicks out and pulls on his cuffs, trying to break out of his chair. The chair bounces, but something is holding it down on the floor. 
I hold my breath when I feel the tip of a gun on the back of my head. Suddenly, I feel cold, as if my soul is already losing hope and leaving my body even before I’m dead. Somewhere in the background, I hear my mother gasp, and involuntarily I feel a glimmer of hope. 
But nothing comes after. No words to stop her brother from murdering her only child. 
Dad turns to me. “Elle, look at me…”
Again, Lennox balls his right hand into fist and slams it against my father’s jaw. I see Dad’s head loll sideways, and I can’t stop myself from crying out. “Oh no, you don’t. You’re watching this.” Lennox walks around the chair and grabs my father by the hair, tilting his head back. “This is for killing my parents.”
Dad keeps his lips pressed tight. He looks at me, and I see no fear in his eyes. He narrows them, as if he’s trying to tell me something, but it’s gone in a second, in a flash that I think I have imagined it.
“And FYI, your princess is nothing to me but a delectable piece of ass,” Lennox adds.
“Fuck you!” I scream.
“Fuck me? And that you did, darling.”
Isaac’s laugh rockets round the room. Next thing I hear, he’s praising Lennox for being naughty. I feel mortified, humiliated. I feel dirty. My stomach turns over the same moment my already broken heart breaks into a thousand pieces more like a jigsaw puzzle, if that’s even possible. It’s all I can do not to whither.
“Let your niece go, Isaac. Your war is with me,” Dad beseeches. I have never seen him beg and mean it. When he pleads with me, it’s not always sincere. And most of the time, he’s being sarcastic. 
When he doesn’t get a response from Isaac, he turns to Faye. “Faye, she’s your daughter, for Christ’s sake.” 
“She’s not my daughter. You broke my heart, so I will break yours.”
Dad’s face contorts with disgust. “You broke my heart a long time ago when you rejected her.”
I hear Isaac’s long, impatient sigh. “Your fucking drama is fucking boring me. I’m ending this now. Say goodbye to your daughter you son of a bitch.” 
My eyes seek Lennox, and I can’t stop myself. After all this, why do I want to look into his eyes before I die?
Sometimes love stops you from thinking straight, blocks your good instinct. 
That’s what my father told me, a few years back. I thought he was talking about his experience, and maybe he was, but now I realise it was a warning for me. He told me not to let my guard down, but I did. 
I hear the click of the safety coming off.
“I’m sorry, Dad.”
I close my eyes. 
Chapter Twenty Seven
The gun explodes, but I don’t feel any pain. Maybe I’m already dead. I never gave it any thought – how I would like to die – but this isn’t so bad, I guess. It’s swift and painless. Now I get why many soulless criminals, when they’d rather die than get caught, point a gun into their mouths instead of slicing their wrists open. Because they know, their black souls know.
Faye is screaming. Instinctively, I look over my shoulder, wondering why she is making that loud animal noise, as though she’s in agony. That’s when I see Isaac – lifeless on the floor. Blood oozes from the wound on his forehead. His arms are spread out. The gun just lies limp in his right hand. At first, I think my mind is playing a sick joke on me, but I can’t deny the smell of blood in the air. It seems to flow right to me. My eyes are wide with disbelief. The more I stare at him, the more the sounds around me seem to fade into the background. 
I blink.
And he’s still dead. 
And I’m not. 
Faye sprints towards Isaac with that crazy determination in her wild eyes, as if she has found a way to bring him back to life. As though there’s something she can do for him. Maybe there is. The gun is just right there, waiting for someone to pick it up and use it. 
I have to get to that gun first. How – with my hands still tied together – I have no clue. 
Air softly flicks my hair as a bullet whizzes past my ear and hits her on the thigh. I jump and gasp in surprise. She falls, screeching in pain, just a couple of steps away from Isaac, her arm stretched out for him. 
As if someone suddenly unmutes the noises, I hear the popping sounds of gunshots. Without waiting for anyone to tell me, I forget about my mother and dive to the floor, which is stupid when I should have run for cover. I turn my face to my left, so I’m looking at my father, who’s no longer tied to the chair and calmly aiming at those men at the door, as if they’re nothing but target practice. Maybe they are, because by the look on my father’s face, there’s no way in hell they’re going to get any form of humane treatment from him whatsoever. 
I see Lennox jump down from the podium. His body is hunched over as he runs towards me, and the first thing that comes to my mind is why he’s still alive. Dad is picking out those twits and not Lennox, and he’s getting closer and closer. I scramble up, ready to fight him with everything I have… 
But someone grabs me from behind. I swallow my scream as I feel the tip of a knife poke my spine.  
Lennox reels back in surprise. Fear comes through loud and clear on his face.
Then I understand.
But I can’t think about it right now, because my mother’s breath is hot against my neck as she cowers behind me, using me as a shield. 
“Get up,” she says in her trembling voice. 
First, my right leg pushes my body up, and as I gain my balance, my left leg follows. Faye pulls me harder, closer to her and I feel the sting of the knife pricking my skin. She’s holding me by my hair, like I’m some stray dog she’s about to toss in a cage. With her size, injury and the way her body shakes with fear, it will be easy to disarm her. But I wait.
“Faye, don’t do anything stupid or I’ll wring your pretty neck.”
I realise that the shooting has stopped and everyone else is dead, apart from us four. Dad has his gun and his other hand up in a gesture of surrender. It occurs to me that he wants her alive; otherwise, he will aim at that tiny spot just above my shoulder.
Faye scoffs rudely in response. I stare hard at my father, willing him to look at me. And when he briefly does, I narrow my eyes and spread my legs apart. 
“Let her go. Just let her walk away,” Dad says softly. “Please…”
It doesn’t escape my notice that he doesn’t tell her he will let her go. I can hear Faye’s faint sobs. She steps back, pulling me with her. And the tip of the knife doesn’t leave my back, not even for a second. 
Dad take a step forward…
“Stay right there!” Faye screams, and I wince as the knife pricks me again. This time, I can feel the blood run down my skin. 
My eyes dart at Lennox. He’s watching us with dread-filled eyes. He inches closer, slowly, not taking his eyes off me. I think he’s after the gun on the floor, but he’s still a good few steps away from it. It’s a bad idea. I shake my head a little.
Faye skirts around to avoid tripping on Isaac’s body. My boots make a squishy sound when I step on the pool of blood. I consider pretending to slip, to give my father that opportunity to shoot and disable her – permanently this time, I hope – but the thought of falling and soaking my clothes in Isaac’s blood is too disgusting. It makes my skin crawl. I discard the idea altogether.
I swallow hard. “Why didn’t you love me?” I ask softly.
Faye stops. Lennox is frozen in the act of taking another step. He knows Faye and the look on his face tells me he is not certain it was wise to ask her that question. But it’s too late now. 
Faye lets go of my hair, sliding her hand down to my shoulder. She whimpers – a short, soft whimper. I wish I can see her face. “I tried, honey. I did try.” 
I don’t know what I expected her to say, but that was not it. She tried. I let the thought roll around in my head.
“Lenny, I’m very disappointed in you,” Faye says. “How could you? He murdered your mum and dad.”
Lennox doesn’t answer. 
“You love her, don’t you? And, for her, you’re willing to forget what happened in the past.” 
Lennox opens his mouth then shuts it again. After a few seconds, he finally says, “I choose not to live in the past. You can do it too. You don’t have to do this. It’s not too late yet.”
“I’m afraid it’s already too late, and you know that.” 
Her fingers dig into my shoulder. Then I feel my back tear open as she pushes the knife into me.
Chapter Twenty Eight
“NO!” Dad roars.
I feel a searing pain. It engulfs me, as if my body has caught fire and I gasp, losing focus for a while. I don’t know exactly for how long. My body arches forward, but Faye holds me still. Her nails are buried deep in my shoulder. I hear my father scream something, but the pain seems to dull everything around me except the agony it gives. 
Somehow, I find the strength to pull away, and I start to run with no particular direction in mind. But my legs give away and I stumble. My father rushes towards me, bullets flying out of his gun. I close my eyes as the floor comes up to meet me.


*****


But Lennox catches me.
We both crash down, him on his knees and me on his lap. I look up at him. His beautiful blue eyes are brimming with tears, blazing intensely with fear. He looks stunned.
I try to say something, but instead of words, blood comes out of my mouth. I choke and cough it out. 
“Oh God, oh God… Shhhh… Don’t talk. I’m here.”
I don’t know exactly how I look, but it must be pretty bad considering his alarmed expression. He wipes the blood off my chin. His thumb rubs the corner of my mouth. I concentrate on his touch, the softness in his caress rather than the blinding pain that rocks my body. I thought I was never going to feel his touch again. 
“It was just an act, darling. It was just an act.”
I try to reach behind me, to touch my back, but even that is an effort. My arms are still tied together, but they’re lifeless behind me. They seem so heavy. My eyes seem as heavy…
“Elle, look at me.”
My eyes flutter open and I see my father’s horrified face. That look scares me. It’s so unshuttered and raw. So full of fear, it’s completely out of his character. Perhaps I really do look bad, like dying-bad. Maybe there’s no hope. I hold back my tears.
Suddenly, my arms are free, but I can’t move them. Dad takes his shirt off. I grit my teeth as he ties it tight around my body. My body must have gone stiff because the look of concern on his face intensifies, as his hands work faster, with more urgency. It hurts like hell. It really, honestly hurts like hell…
“Took you forever to work that key,” Lennox says.
Dad snaps his head up. “What?”
They exchange a look. 
“You’re getting way too old for this.”
For a moment, I think my Dad is going to bite Lennox’s head off. Then in a sarcasm filled tone, he says, “There was a gun on my daughter’s head. I’m sorry if my hand was a little shaky.” 
Despite the agony that I’m in, I manage to smile.
“Let’s get out of here,” Dad says. He looks into my eyes. “Darling, I’m going to whisper you to sleep, okay?”
He doesn’t wait for me to answer yes. 
Chapter Twenty Nine
Please, Elle. Come back…
Lennox holds Elle’s hand in a firm grip. He will give anything to feel her squeeze his hand back. It’s been nearly 24 hours since she was last awake. He needs to know that she’s going to be all right. It’s the only thing that will free him from this torture that he keeps inflicting on himself – this printed memory of Elle, hurt and afraid, in his brain – playing in a constant loop.
“Anything?” 
Lennox jumps a little in his seat and wonders how Ian can just creep into the room without a sound. Elle has the same habit and he did find it disconcerting at first but he eventually got used to it. But with Ian, it’s still a work in progress. 
The air in the room shifts as soon as Ian steps in, but not in an awkward way like it used to be. Apart from the smell of his aftershave and a hint of smoke, Ian sends out this powerful presence. Lennox can feel it on his skin. He can also feel the understanding between them, and most of all, their respect for each other. 
He shakes his head. “Just random things… dreams. This time, it’s when she first learned how to swim.”
The corners of Ian’s lips lift into a smile. “I remember that. She was only five and we were in Miami. I threw her in the pool. She flapped like a wet bird.” He laughs softly. “And that same night, she poured a glass of icy water on my face while I slept.”
Lennox can’t help but laugh a little. 
“I was livid. But as you would probably expect, Elle found it quite hilarious.” Ian sits on the edge of the bed. Lennox leans back in his chair and watches as Ian strokes Elle’s hair in that affectionate, caring way that you’d never expect someone like him to do. When Jack talked about Ian, it was always with respect born out of fear. So Lennox had always had this picture of Ian that was akin to a devil.
He closes his eyes to change that picture.
“I’ve been meaning to thank you…”
Lennox tries to decipher the tone of Ian’s voice, making sure he’s not hearing things. He’s not. And he’s so surprised that his heart skips a beat. Surprise could literally kill. “For what?”
“For doing what you did.”
Lennox can’t seem to think of what to say for a moment. “I let them beat you into a pulp.”
“Now that’s exaggerating. I didn’t turn into a pulp.”
Lennox can hardly hide his surprise. Ian is joking with him. Back then, it also surprised him how quickly Ian believed him, how he agreed to his plan without a single question. He feared for his own life when he saw the murder in Ian’s eyes, when he told him about Elle. But by some miracle – Ian listened, and chose to ignore that his security system was deliberately tampered to get him back into his house that was crawling with Isaac’s men. That was the tricky part – stopping Ian from killing them all. He had to put four of them to sleep, to keep them alive long enough to make Isaac believe that they succeeded. 
From there, it went from bad to worse. Elle was in bad shape when he found her. He nearly threw the plan out the window and killed Isaac himself, but there’d always been a part of him that wanted to save Faye, wanted her to see what kind of monster her brother was. A monster she adored more than she did her own daughter. He was a fool to think she would have had a change of heart and picked Elle. And that part of him is now filled with guilt, and not because he couldn’t save her.
But that guilt pales in comparison to the pain in his soul. Elle believed his act. He caused her physical and emotional pain. And he has absolutely no idea how he’s going to rectify it.
“About your mother…”
Lennox shakes his head. “Don’t go there. That’s in the past now.” Forgetting it is not easy, but it doesn’t have any part in his future, if his future is Elle.
“All right.”


*****


Gasp.
My eyes flutter open. Jesus, I feel like I’ve been run over by a bus and been left in the middle of the desert. Every bone and muscle in my body aches, and my throat is parched. I’m lying on my side and I can feel a sharp throb in my back. It hurts like a motherfucker. 
Everything that happened comes flooding back, bit by bit. My pain doubles. I open my mouth to call out, but my lips only manage to form a silent Dad. I know he’s fine. I can remember him lifting me up before he whispered me to sleep. I’m not sure if I should be mad at him – we promised not to use our ability to each other – but what the hell? I close my eyes back shut to process. 
Someone’s holding my hand, and even before I scan the content of his brain – I know its Lennox. I’m overwhelmed with a feeling so intense, I can’t explain it. I can’t even put a name on it. I look at him. He’s asleep. His head is on his arm, angled towards me, and just like before, his presence, his face, makes my insides constrict and makes me forget how to breathe for a few seconds. He’s having some kind of dream, his eyes are moving rapidly beneath their lids, but I can’t follow its flow properly. My mind is still pretty jumbled up.
To calm my nerves, I look out the window. The sun is not up yet but there’s already an orange hue in the sky. I can hear faint sounds of traffic, which means we’re still in London, but not in that flat in Belgravia. Of course not. That building has burned to the ground, last time I’m aware.
I’m not in a hospital either, that much I know. The lack of disinfectant and antibacterial hand gel smell tells me so. And I doubt that hospital windows will have period architraves, beautiful panelled shutters and window seats. And the bed – though the linen is plain white, this bed is too big and too comfortable. The pillows under my head and pressed against my back are too thick and fluffy. I’m sure I have never been in this room before, as I will definitely remember a nice place like this. I’m guessing we’re in Mayfair. Dad did mention he bought an overpriced house near the US Embassy quite recently. You know… in case things go so horribly wrong that I need another form of protection, consular protection to be precise, at least I’m only a few blocks away. That’s my father. He’s always a step ahead.
As much as I want to explore the rest of the place, I can’t seem to make myself move. I just want to concentrate on one thing – the one thing that is so significant, I can’t ignore it anymore – Lennox’s fingers tangled with mine. 
He didn’t betray me. 
I focus on this. I let myself be washed with relief. Though I’m a little angry because he didn’t give me a tiny hint, a small preview in my mind of what he was up to, I understand why he had to do it. At least I think I do.
But the reason I’m lying on this bed keeps poking the back of my brain. And the harder I try not to think about it, the harder I try to ignore it, the more persistent it gets. 
I haven’t forgotten it, though I wish I have, as much as I wish it didn’t happen. And I knew it’s a fool’s errand, and I’m going to be honest with myself now though it’s too late – I wanted to win my mother back. I must have wanted it deep inside me, but I was too proud to admit it to anyone or to myself. But when I was presented with the opportunity to understand her, to make her see – no matter how slim the chances were – I took it. But like the classic I told you so scene, things ended up far worse than I ever imagined. My own mother, my own flesh and blood, plunged a knife into my body. It was her intention to kill me. How can I come back from that?
I notice Lennox lift his head up and look at me, after I feel his hold on my hand tighten. 
“Hey, hey, it’s okay. It’s okay…” he coos, wiping my cheeks just underneath my eyes. His eyes are filled with anxiety. “Does it hurt?”
I realise that I’m crying. I realise that he’s asking about my back. I try to shake my head, but even that – I also realise – is hard work. 
“I can up the pain killers, but you might overdose.”
I’m about to tell him it’s not my back, but I stop. I don’t feel like explaining why I’m sobbing like a baby. I quickly block my thoughts, round about the same time he tries to read me. 
His eyes fill with various emotions other than worry. He squeezes my hand, as if to tell me he understands. Then he slowly pulls his hand away, lifting my head up a little as he brings a glass of water to my lips. “Ian will be back soon. He went out to drive the doctor home and to take care of some stuff.” 
My breath catches. Lennox just called my father by his name. He never calls my father by his first name, not until now. I stare at him – eyes wide with surprise. Wow. 
He stands, and I see a pillow and a blanket on the chair. I feel like crying all over again. It’s stupid. “Do you want something else?”
I want to ask him what the doctor was doing here really early, but I only manage to croak a word, “No.”
“Okay.” He’s fidgeting. He seems unsure whether to sit back down or leave. It kills me more that we’ve gone back to being awkward.
“Stay,” I say in a weak voice. I’m so tired, I can barely speak.
Lennox nods and slowly takes his chair back. He’s staring at me with that look of relief. There are so many things that I want to ask, but they seem irrelevant. It seems like I already know the answers. Perhaps I do.
“Some decisions and choices are not as easy as left or right,” says Lennox. “I didn’t tell you because I wanted your anger to be real, so Isaac wouldn’t suspect…”
“Stop… I…” I swallow hard. “…know.”
“If I knew it would get that far…” he pauses. “I’m sorry I didn’t try. There were too many of them. I’m so sorry about Faye…”
I’m sorry too. “Lennox… I… love you.”
His face is a picture, an abstract of mixed feelings. He’s so beautiful. 
He kisses me on the forehead. “I love you too,” he whispers. “I love you too.” He cups my face, smiling at me like everything is going to be all right. And it will. I’m sure of it. I can feel it. I close my eyes.
“Go back to sleep, Elle. We’ll talk more later.” 


*****


Lennox isn’t by my side when I wake up. 
In fact, I’m alone in the room. There’s a cold breeze coming from somewhere, but the window is closed. Then I get a whiff of cigarette smoke. 
I follow the smell. The balcony door is partially open and the curtains are blowing softly. I see my father standing outside. His body is angled towards the door, but his face is looking outward, away. He’s wearing his typical clothes – black shirt and black jeans. I watch him bring his cigarette to his lips, watch him take a long drag, watch him blow the smoke from the corner of his lips and sigh.
As if he can sense me watching him, he turns his head and looks straight at me. Immediately, he squashes what’s left of his fag on the rail and flicks it over before coming back into the room, walking towards me purposefully. 
“You’re smoking again,” I say.
Amusement replaces the concern in his eyes. 
“How long is it going to take this time?”
“I’ll probably keep the habit, since you’re constantly stressing me out.”
I smile. I never believed, not for a second, that he stopped smoking anyway.
Dad sits on the edge of the bed then leans down to kiss me on the cheek. “God, Elle! You almost killed me there.”
“I’m sorry.”
“But you’re okay now.” He breathes in then blows the air out. Is he trying not to cry? “However, you’re going to have a nasty scar on your back.”
“Great.”
He helps me up, arranging the pillows to support my back without squashing my wound. The pain is still there, but it’s not so bad. It only really hurts when I move. I sigh when I find a comfortable position. Dad hands me a glass of water and I drink half of it. 
“Would you like some food?”
I nod.
Dad leaves the room. A little later, he comes back with a tray of food – soup and bread, some blackberries and grapes, and a cup of coffee. It’s a weird selection, but food preparation is not my father’s strong point. 
I eat. 
He sits on the same chair that Lennox has occupied earlier or yesterday, I’m not sure. I could have been asleep for hours or days, I’m not sure either. He watches me while I stuff my face with fruits, and I watch him back. I realise he looks better. The cut on his lower lip hasn’t healed properly yet, but other than that, he looks fine. More than fine. He looks… perfect. As always. 
“How are you feeling?” I ask him anyway.
He smiles. “I’m fine.” 
“You looked awful back there.”
Dad doesn’t respond straight away, as if he’s dreading where this conversation is heading. “Most of it wasn’t my blood,” he finally answers, looking at me straight in the eyes. He crosses his legs. “I’ve decided to go off the grid.”
I almost choke on my soup. “You’re retiring?” I can’t hide the doubt in my voice.
“Might do,” he says with a casual shrug. “I did enough killing this month to last me a lifetime.” 
That’s a shocker. I’m sorry, but I don’t believe him. He has said it himself – he did a lot of killing. I cannot imagine him sitting at home all day doing nothing or working on some farm that he bought. Apart from the fact that it will look weird, I know for sure that he can never go back to his life before he became an assassin. I doubt that he can even remember it.
“And the bodies?” 
“Decomposing somewhere I will not disclose.”
“Including my mother’s?” I press my lips together really tight. I didn’t mean for my voice to sound so strangled.
Dad holds my gaze and sighs heavily. “I killed her, Elle. After what she did, I had to. But I didn’t leave her body with the rest of them.”
I blink, letting the fact that I already know settle in. I feel a tug of pointless grief and I can’t seem to push it away.
“She’s gone, Elle. I couldn’t just erase her memories of us and leave her like that with no family. Alone. Ending her life is less cruel.” 
I nod, biting my lower lip. “How is Lennox? He wanted to save her, you know? That’s why we went to see her…”
“I know. He told me.”
It’s not like Lennox can do anything about it. He didn’t get a chance to stop my father. 
“He was upset, but he’s okay, I think. I sent him home.”
I spoon some more soup into my mouth.
“What about us?”
I slowly put my spoon down. “What do you mean?”
“What’s the plan? When are we going home?”
Right. New York. I thought his home is here. Well, I thought wrong. “As soon as I’m completely healed.” I rub my forehead, as though I suddenly have a building headache. The notion of going back to New York hasn’t entered my mind. Not even once. Not until now. 
Dad picks the tray off my lap. I lean my head back and close my eyes. I’m probably being rude and he’ll probably think I’m dismissing him, but I know he’ll understand. I have a stab wound on my back after all. 
“I invited him to come with us, but he hasn’t given me an answer yet,” Dad says, a second before I hear him close the door behind him.
I smile.
Epilogue
Breaking News: Christmas came early to the patrons of The Pavilion, one of the biggest, busiest and most prestigious casinos in Las Vegas, as the owner handed each of them an envelope containing thousands of dollars.
An hour back, every single person in the establishment – players, employees, even bystanders received a hefty envelope right after the seemingly bewildered duty manager announced they’re closing the casino for the day. Whether it will reopen again later in the morning is not known yet.
The owner, Mr Ricardo Constavlos, gave no reason for his action and is currently unavailable to comment….


*****



Ian stares at the television, his half empty whiskey glass forgotten in his hand. It takes exactly two minutes for him to put two and two together. Not so gently, he puts the glass down on his desk and reaches for his phone.
“Hello?”
“Lennox, I want to speak to my daughter.”
“She’s driving.”
“Then put the bloody phone on bloody speaker, you twat!”
“Uh-oh, someone’s not happy. Elle, your father wants to speak to you. He called me a twat. He seems cross.”
One day, that boy – if he’s not careful – is going to get deported back to Britain, Ian thinks. He can hear Elle laugh in the background. Whatever they did, it was a joint effort, he’s certain of it. 
When he invited his daughter’s boyfriend to live with them, he knew it was a terrible idea. Any father in his right mind would never do such a thing. And once again, he has proved that he’s abnormal. But what can he do? Elle was right. Lennox is his responsibility, as he’s always been. He made a promise to Emma.
Who would know that this boy would turn out to be a Reader? And charming enough to make his daughter fall for him? How conveniently lovely?! 
Not. Because now, his already fearless daughter has turned more fearless because of him! 
For the second time, Ian is sincerely and pointlessly regretting his decision. The first time was six months ago when an orphanage in New Orleans received an undisclosed huge donation from an anonymous person. And this was a couple of days after a bank in Austin, Texas, was robbed.
How they manage to pull stunts like these off, he doesn’t want to know. 
But he’s made sure no one can trace it back to them.
And now he’s about to do it all over again.
“Yes, Daddy?”
Ian doesn’t know how or why, but no matter how angry he is with her, the moment he hears her voice, the moment he knows she’s fine, his anger dissipates by fifty per cent. “I just saw the news.”
“What news?”
She’s playing innocent. And he knows she knows he knows. “Tell me you had nothing to do with that.”
“You had nothing to do with that.”
“Elle, God damn it!” Ian takes a couple of deep breaths as he massages the bridge of his nose. “What the hell? Why?”
“I… we want to help.”
That little slip confirms his suspicion. “You can help a homeless person on the street, an unemployed person who wants a job! Do something simple and discreet.”
“We covered our tracks, don’t worry.” She sounds so cheerful, it’s driving him insane. “We’re on our way to the airport now. I’ll see you tomorrow, okay?”
“Put Lennox on the phone, will you?” 
There’s a bit of shuffle from the other end of the line. Ian can picture Lennox covering the phone while he confirms with Elle what he can or can’t disclose. Bloody boy’s a chicken.
“Yes, Ian?”
“Please, you don’t have to do everything she says. Grow a pair.”
Lennox snorts. “She will do it anyway, with or without my help. Her near death experience gave her a new outlook on life,” he says with a laugh. Ian wants even more to strangle him. 
“If…”
“Ian, you know I will never let anything happen to her.” 
For a second, Ian closes his eyes and let the boy’s words sink in. As if by magic, he feels calmer. Deep inside, Ian knows Lennox loves Elle. And it’s a kind of love that Ian trusts. “Get your arses back home then. I bought a new samurai and I need a sparring partner.”
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
To Nandita Naik, my editor, and to everyone who helped: thank you.
About the Author
M. Rees grew up filling her bookshelves with Sydney Sheldon and Judith McNaught paperbacks. Now in her thirties, she’s in love with and collects hardcover copies of Young Adult and Paranormal fictions.
Born in Philippines, she graduated from University of Santo Tomas, where she took a degree in Management. She currently lives in United Kingdom with her husband and three children. So far, in life, she’s been a barista, a bar tender, and a retail shop employee. She now unequally divides her time between family, writing and her current work as a Council advisor. 
Find her online at www.mreesauthor.wix.com/authorofinsight
Follow her on Facebook: www.facebook.com/MRees.Author and Twitter: www.twitter.com/MReesAuthor

