Insurgents of Civilization

Book One

Richard L. Sanders

(c) 2021 Black Ocean Books, LLC
 (original copyright 2004)

2020 Smashwords Edition, License Notes:

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment. It may not be re-sold for profit, however I (the author) don’t really care if you share it with others. In fact I encourage it. 




Dear Reader, 

This was the first book I ever wrote, and it’s the one that gave me the confidence to go on to write The Phoenix Conspiracy Series (which I’m primarily known for). This book is special to me for that reason, and it was finished (along with its sequel) when I was only seventeen!
Until now, I’ve never made it available for people to read. But this year I changed my mind. For all its rough edges and youthful naivety, it’s still one hell of an adventure. And I think you’ll find a lot to enjoy about it. 
This whole story is told over two books. This is the first. The sequel, and finale, is also available from this same retailer. 
Look for: 
Insurgents of Wasteland.

Available from this same retailer.

As always, thank you for your support and you can learn more at 

www.blackoceanbooks.com

To Matthew V. Bills,

Without your helpful feedback, brilliance, creative influence, and constant bugging me to “write, write, write,” I never would’ve finished this book—or probably any other. So thank you, Matt, for the inspiration you gave me, and the color you added to this beautiful dystopia we dreamed up while doing ranch chores in the dry Wyoming heat.   

CHAPTER 1 – (Year Zero)

In what felt more mythical than real, the most anticipated day in human history finally arrived. And it came almost a thousand years to the day—by the old reckoning—since the UES Draconis and UES Odysseus had bade farewell to Old Earth and a solar system that no longer supported life. Those first pioneers, the original progenitors, were a meager whisper of what humanity had once been, and they plunged into the intrepid darkness with the kind of desperate courage that is only known by those whose very existence is in peril. And so they plunged, generation after generation, chasing distant stars and forlorn hopes. 
But today was different.
Here was a habitable world, at long last. These passengers had never seen one, not for real. And as their ships descended into the murky white clouds and blue-brown soup, it was as if they beheld the very Garden of Eden itself. 
Unknown to them, on the far side of that same world, other beings on other vessels were in a mad scramble to escape it. Some even succeeded. But for humanity that did not yet know what they would find there, there would be no option to flee back into space. 
The inescapable choice lying ahead would be a simple one.
Adapt or die.

***

Q’atheem, a Seer, stood alone on the pearly white tower of Ziggurat Mountain. Breathing in the pleasant mists surrounding the peaks, he watched the majestic glass cities burn in the distance. Scorched, acrid soil, flashes of light, ambient rumbling, all evidence of war, and all stood out, while flames ran wildly along the terrain, swallowing up trees and homes as they went. From their dancing firelight rose smoke clouds that peered down from gargantuan billows as if mocking the far sight of the Seers by their very existence. Q’atheem’s troubled eyes traced them upward to where, instead of dazzling blue sky, a dark brown envelope blocked the stars.
It was too much; it was disgusting.
Behind him, he knew that Sciva approached. He was a Keeper, sophomoric and vain, possessing the curse and gift of youth’s lack of judgment coupled with the raw intelligence of an especially brilliant neophyte. And though Q’atheem could see the same greenness deep in the eyes of all who had only recently materialized into existence, Sciva was blind to himself and would not readily accept what Q’atheem had to say. Still, he knew he had to say it regardless.
“You came; that was a dangerous thing to do,” Q’atheem wordlessly told Sciva’s mind. A simple but powerfully focused thought placed carefully, like an echo inside the other’s head. Sciva’s cloaked frame hovered gently in the air, coming to rest at Q’atheem’s side. He wore all the same emblems of his kind, the gaunt, dark face, opal-like ebony eyes, and form-and-figure hidden deep under his ornamentally thick garb, and in his skeletal hand was the darkwood staff, boasting a radiant orange flame gem at its tip. Sciva held himself with
confidence and did not turn as he acknowledged Q’atheem.
“The danger is yours,” Sciva responded. His thought pattern seemed surprised and, if nothing else, taken aback by Q’atheem’s cool regard not to delay the inevitable. “They’re coming for you, you know.”
“Yes, I know,” Q’atheem said. He kept his temper mild and his thinking clear and natural; he was unafraid.
“Tonight,” Sciva said with emphasis.
Q’atheem gazed deeply into the fire-lit evening, letting his nostrils soak in the rare mountain mist untainted by ash, and he allowed for a long pause before he responded to Sciva. When he did, his mental voice was calm and unstrained.
“It has been a very long plague,” Q’atheem said, changing the subject.
“Yes, Great One, it has been a long plague. But tonight is the final evening of the war.” A dance of colors and energies lit up the horizon in the distance, the final extinguishing firefights of a century-stretched conflict. “We have expelled the Aucustia from our world.”
“So it would seem.”
“More importantly, we yet remain,” Sciva seemed to press into Q’atheem’s mind with urgency. “This says very little for Seeric vision; your kind’s far sight has led us falsely. The other Keepers will not be forgiving,” his mind’s intensity increased as he said the last few words.
Q’atheem was saddened. It was very difficult to know something, an inner and constant truth, and not express it. Words and thoughts both seemed to fail him, it seemed as did his fellows. “I know it,” Q’atheem said at last.
The lights in the distance flickered and dimmed slightly.
The ambient rumble of war also seemed to be withdrawing. “It won’t be long now,” Sciva said.
The words were icy and chilling, a dark, miserable foreboding as Q’atheem knew what was coming, what was going to happen, but he held to his resolve.
“You can escape, you know,” Sciva said. “Even though I do not believe your ideas, I do not believe you seek to offset our balance. Please, go, run away; escape this place. Live the rest of eternity without being forced to fall away in death.”
Q’atheem allowed his head to fall slowly down from the sky. He looked toward Sciva’s dark gray veneer and saw his own mouthless face reflected back from the other’s glassy black eyes.
“It is a sorrowful day when sight is restricted to the wise, and the power to act given only to the foolish.”
Sciva looked offended.
“Only by respecting our unique and natural gifts will our race be allowed to endure time. You Keepers commune with and manipulate energies far beyond my understanding; you have power, but you are blind. I am a Seer. I am meant by my very name to see. At times, I can see beyond the physical realm; never is everything clear, but I have insight. The Hunters exist to maintain that balance. Because of our symbiosis, there are things you must accept on my word alone.”
Sciva did not respond for a time, and when he did, Q’atheem could feel an evasiveness in his mind; he was choosing to ignore what Q’atheem had said.
“You said when the Aucustia first came that our race, should we not share our world, would be plagued by invaders who would snatch it up from us, is that not true?”
“I had seen such things.”
“Then why is it that they, the Aucustia, the great plague, fulfillers of prophecy, came here years ago to find us, a race unwilling to share our world, are now fleeing it with what few of them are left living? Leaving behind the masses and hordes who have died to our blades. Why was prophecy not fulfilled?”
Q’atheem could feel Sciva’s loss of conviction. His trembling thoughts were fragmented but powerful.
“You believe it is not to be fulfilled?” Q’atheem said.
“You have seen, and so have I, that the plague has come and gone. And as clear as night is from the day, we are still here. Daresia is still ours. The many who did believe you have turned. Can you tell them why their faith failed?”
“The era of war with the Aucustia has been a plague but not the plague.”
Sciva rubbed a smooth, pallid hand across his chin in wonder, and then after a moment, he looked very skeptical. Q’atheem paused to absorb whether Sciva believed him.
He did not.
“Remember the dream of the setting sun. Even as the Aucustia leave us in peace, others will replace them. The world will be torn, the Daresians always at war, and in such belligerence, we will live until the last of us falls dead. No longer to roam our moon until the hands of glory take us back in the light. We will each fall in war and then cease to exist.” Q’atheem gave Sciva a moment to absorb this. “The curse isn’t bound to anything constant except us.”
The other’s almost unreadable eyes were both glazed and perplexed, cautious and silent. Just then, there was a pounding against the gates below. They both peered over the wall to where a cluster of black-clad Keepers could be seen prodding their staves against it, their focused minds forcing through the frail lock held in place only by Q’atheem’s already tired intelligence.
“Sciva, I cannot run from them. I cannot delay the inevitable. I won’t lie. One small hope remains, but only if their fire burns out here, tonight, against me. Let their wrath bubble over and be finished. They’ll soon see that I was right, and in time, I hope,” Q’atheem’s thinking grew scattered. They had burst past the gate, and now their minds were focused against his, confusing him, holding him in place as they ascended the stairs. Q’atheem found himself powerless. He felt unbearable weight internally pressing against his own mind as if pinning it against a wall immobile.
“According to what I know, I should not have, but at least you know I tried to warn you,” Sciva said. Q’atheem watched as Sciva backed away from him, distancing himself just as the others tore open the wooden door. It flew to the side, crashing noisily into the wall, giving way for a half dozen Keepers to join them on the tower’s battlements.
“I’m going to enjoy this,” it was a common thought that flickered from eye to eye as Q’atheem made contact with the hate-filled stares of the golden eyes set deep into their faces. Each pair was coldly enraged, plain on the surface, but filled with the lust for murder. And then Q’atheem saw in his mind that others were coming.
“You lied to us,” the foremost Keeper said, forcing eye contact with Q’atheem as they advanced. “You sought power over us, and you jeopardized the lives of thousands of Daresians.”
“Thousands of now dead Keepers,” another said; his eyes had a power luster that put the others to shame. “And now your death will pay a small portion of the pain you gave them.” He raised his staff, and the others did the same; they were only a few body-lengths distant now, and Q’atheem was entirely under their power. They had vise-pressed his ability to think so tightly that he could do little more than observe from the pose of his ill-functioning body.
Then the advance stopped. A clatter of metal against metal as three Daresians blocked the Keepers’ paths. They were smaller, they were nimbler, and their lightning-fast hands clutched curved sword blades that pushed the staves out of the way as they struck. Hunters. So determined to keep to their honor, they stood against a far overpowering group of Keepers to defend what? Q’atheem?
Q’atheem knew they thought him a fraud and a traitor. Why the show of dignity? What did they owe him? But he supposed it was their nature.
“This is against everything that unites us!” the center Hunter said. The other two matched the motions of the Keepers as they aimed their staves at them.
“Why do you do this?” the center Keeper said.
“This is a Seer; he cannot be sent into ever death without appearing before the Court of Seers.”
The Keepers were disgruntled at the mere mention of the tribunal’s name, but they disguised their deep enmity well. Their eyes and thoughts revealed nothing to the ever-blind Hunters. Q’atheem watched them carefully sidestep the subject as best they could in their anger.
“Remember, you lost many because of him. Thousands of Keepers died, but hundreds of thousands of Hunters did as well. Your losses give you the right to strike first, and give us the moment second.” The simple and clear thoughts of vengeance poured from the minds of the Keepers, a poison that seeped and infected many, Hunters being no exception, but somehow, these were.
The three held their ground. They matched their blades with the staves and resisted all prodding and coaxing. It was a tragedy for Q’atheem powerlessly to see such nobility washed out. The staves turned red, each differently colored gem glowing to life with the same fury as its master’s golden eyes, a chain fire danced from end to end. And then it was over. The Hunters leaped against them, the sparkle of their slicing blades, then the noise of them clattering against the stone floor. A timeless, horrifying pause that ended with the thud of their burning, crisp, charred bodies falling to emptiness. The flames roared to life, burning the energies that coursed through the corpses. Even the aura excited the wildfire. The Keepers did nothing as the Hunters disintegrated into ash, letting the ash settle and disappear as a statement to the burned world around them. When it had fizzled out, they advanced toward Q’atheem.
He was ready. He imagined the relief the warm flame-tongue blanket would bring him as well… darkness… peace… nothingness. But even then, he knew it would not be so. If everything were right, it would all be painful. But if the world was ending and Q’atheem failed, he would not have to suffer for long with it.
In the dark lands of the dead, where nothing can exist, there are no thoughts to cause trouble and no memory to cause torment.
The Keepers formed a circle around him. They directed their thoughts into the night; their hatred and lament twisted the peace of late evening in a scourge of thought and emotion. They were like the forest wolves, howling mightily but in silence, a terrible moan, audible only in Q’atheem’s mind, one so great it even shook his awareness. And then the prickling and pinching of the red-orange tongue licked at his arms and legs, jetting from the Keepers’ staves and illuminating their glossy golden eyes. He felt himself buckle forward, melting and collapsing. He looked up one final time. The thick dark world around him had already forgotten him.
Then he saw Sciva look down, as indiscernible as ever. His time would fast approach.
Q’atheem saw no more, the darkness and scalding had overcome him, and he knew he was ready. He pressed his mind outward. It was the first moment of Truth, the first of several redeeming moments of Truth if he did not fail.
The fires consumed him, but Q’atheem lived.

CHAPTER 2 – (Year 1065)

“You won’t believe this, sir, but I’ve…”
“You’ve what?”
“I’ve found one. At least I think so…”
“You don’t mean…”
“I do.”
“Could it be so? And alive, still, after all this time… what’s it been since the last one?”
“More than a year, at least.”
“Wow. This find, if authentic, would be outstanding! To think, after all this time, still alive…”
“It’s too early to tell for sure, but I think it’s a strong possibility. Initial signs bear all the hallmarks one might expect.”
“By hallmarks, I’m assuming you mean you details from a police report you intercepted. Let me guess, unusual disturbance caused by citizen that defies a physical explanation?”
“Close. A medical report, actually. Apparently some tests they ran on an outpatient really surprised and alarmed them.”
“What happened, and who is he?”
“Some common citizen, a mechanic I think. Anyway, this is more your field of expertise than mine, but something about a subthermal telekinetic influence on an object…”
“Subthermal? I’ve never… I don’t think that’s a side effect our design could have created. Not even with the Daresian genes, not unless… Cutter, I need to see a sample of the demonstrator’s DNA for myself. Can you get it?”
“I think so. I mean, it’s been a while. But unless there is some kind of major change to the data security protocols that I somehow haven’t noticed—which is unlikely—then I should be able to just hack into the Archives and copy the data, like I did for the others.”
“Good. Do it.”
“On it.”
“So what’s the name of our newest person of interest, anyway?”
“Eric XXII.”

***

Artemis jogged through the dim corridor. The overhanging city lights had darkened so that any normal person would have found it very difficult to move anywhere, but not Artemis.
He lived his very life in such shadows and knew how to adjust to them and how to use them to his advantage. Feeling confident enough to move freely under the guise of the night’s cloak, he crossed the district in much better time than he usually could. At his sides, the dim outlines of apartment stacks seemed to pass by, oblivious to his silent footfalls. They were only visible by the dim yellowy lamps that sparsely dotted the street edges. He thought of the hundreds of sleeping civilians he passed, completely uninformed and apathetic.
He often wondered what it had been like so long ago when he had been one of them. Unimaginably naive, both unaware of society's true workings and completely ignorant of true passion, untouched by the excitement of living life by the blade or the sincerity of love, or pretty much any real feeling. The numbing effect of the almighty ENTITY—engineered brainwash that melted away humanity itself to do away with fear, pain, and above all, protest.
It had seemed like a different life another person had lived at another moment in history, so distant from himself. But the un-blockable presence of those unattached memories reminded him that such a life had been his life, and fewer than five short years ago.
But his pity for the civilians was limited. They had become the gears and tools of The Machine. Mentally unaware and emotionally deadened, they became little more than fingers and eyes for the hive-like workings of Civilization, polished and ground into the molds ENTITY gave them. They had surrendered all their liberty and dignity before ever having either. They were hollow. They were nothing.
He did not share Bria’s sympathy for them and smirked at the memory of her trying to plea to the Patriarch on their behalf, seeking some foolish feminine pity for their lives and welfare. In his mind, he laughed at the thought of such a beautiful, intelligent woman being so unable to think for herself. Her pointless altruism on so many occasions threatened the outcome of their mission and the team's welfare. Sacrifices were difficult for her, and because of it, she was soft, and with every wonderful thing that she was, she was not a leader.
Amazing and strange, the way fortune and other forces had taken hold of his life since then, taking his future and tossing it around like a gambling cube again and again.
He brought his mind back to his whereabouts and rounded a bend onto a much smaller and virtually unlit street. His sharp eyes recognized the few features of the buildings he could see, so the darkness was more welcome than unwanted. He had walked such paths throughout Civilization on so many countless night missions that he had learned their every step and pattern. Everything was second nature.
He followed another corner into an alleyway where he stopped. Perfect silence, except for the almost undetectable humming of nearby machines and the low growling of the air coursing from the ventilation shafts into the street. He recognized the half-attached panel the air poured through as the way home.
A quick glance around that revealed nothing unusual was comforting, despite being perfectly aware that no one had stalked him. Being doubly sure was a life-saving habit. His keen senses indicated only a slight stench and dank nothingness. Everyone was packed away tightly and safely into their sardine-like flats, except for a few roaming Guardian patrols, and Artemis had avoided them easily all night.
With a jerk, he ripped Dusk from its sheath, leaving the other dagger tucked neatly under his sleeve. Dusk recognized his touch and gave off a dim but stunning green glow; it flashed against the lock in one swift stroke, and silently the panel broke free and fell neatly into his hands.
Without giving anyone an extended chance at a glimpse, he flung himself into the vent, restored the panel, and crawled his awkward way upward. The green light was much more brilliant in the darker and closer confines of the squarish vent. Using Dusk’s light and craning his neck, Artemis could see an opening several meters away. He recognized the pattern and knew it would be a pipe-shaped passageway that would allow him the comfort of standing his full height, a luxury he could count on for most of the return journey.
He felt the pressure of the airflow against him as he crawled. The streaming air that ruffled his hair and brushed his body was cool and moist and helped him relax the slight aches in his arms as he continued east. As the air tussled his hair, he imagined it was Bria’s smooth fingers caressing him.
Just as quickly as it had come, the fantasy faded. None ever lasted. He felt a kind of self-embarrassment for stooping to the imaginations of an adolescent, an action he understood in others but regarded as much lower than himself. The air was now merely the air, a cool force that moved against his forward walking and dried his lips and mouth. He kept his mind clear and sharp and lost himself to the path at hand.
After wandering the circuitous course for some time, his mindless day-thinking and pathfinding were interrupted by a vibration on his wrist. It wasn’t a shocking encounter but enough to catch him off guard in the solitude of the vents.
Promptly, he tapped the watch and heard Cutter over the receiver. “Artemis, where are you?” Truthfully, he wasn’t quite sure; the vents were an impressive maze. Even though he knew he was going the right way, it was difficult to judge his exact position in the city. Loss of orientation was so significant that it kept many people from taking missions even as far as topside from the Complex.
“Well, I’m in the vents. Just got finished with the latest assignment, and I’ve got the disc in my pocket,” he patted it reassuringly, “but as for position. I’m somewhere between eastern districts seven and ten.”
“Well, you’re close enough, I guess,” Cutter said.
Artemis was somewhat taken aback; it was at least two hours travel through the vents back to the Complex. “What do you mean I’m close? Is there a problem near my position I need to be aware of?”
“Uh, no. No, everything’s fine. But there is an opportunity, actually. I’m transmitting information to you now. It’s about—I know this is going to be hard for you to believe…”
“About what?”
“Even I can’t believe it, but Archimedes says there is no mistake! He saw the…”
“Cutter. Cutter. Stop. Okay, slowly tell me what it is.”
“You’re not going to believe this!”
“Yes, I know I’m not going to believe this; now, tell me what I’m not going to believe,” Artemis said coolly, easily keeping his aggravation from affecting his tone, a habit Mazarin would do well to develop.
“I found another one of us. A new catch. Archimedes wants you to nab this one personally, as usual, and bring him to the Complex.”
“A new catch? One of us? Are you sure? We haven’t found any since, well, about a year. I thought for sure ENTITY had found a way to locate and dispose of them.”
“So did I until I received the reports. Archimedes had me look up the DNA records from the Archives, and he analyzed them, said he was looking for some almost unnoticeable alteration.”
“Right, right, right. The gift from the father to us all.”
“Exactly. Anyway, everything checks out; he’s one of us.”
“So, you stole the DNA record directly from the Archives? Aren’t those safeguarded?”
“As if that was a problem for me. It’s not like I haven’t done it before.”
“True, but it still seems like a very forward move. How do you know someone didn’t notice the access?”
“I don’t. But if they did, they only had about three seconds to do it; all my access records erase themselves. But anyway, this is all beside the point. Archimedes wants you to nab him before the Redwing engineer finds out his report to Talcomm’s Medical-Science Institute got canceled. The last thing we need is for doctors and police to get involved in this.”
“Right.”
“You know what would happen to him if Talcomm got to him first and somehow linked him to us, don’t you?”
“You mean after they establish the fact that he isn’t purely human? They’d kill him like they do to all retardations and erase all his records. Make him not exist.”
“Yes, if they’ve drunk a lot of tea and are in good moods. There, now you’ll see that all the information you need is downloaded to your watch, so good luck.”
“You want me to do it now? His district is in night-cycle; do you expect me to burst in and grab him while he’s in bed?”
“You didn’t read it all, did you? He’s a night-shifter, and you’ll find him making his way for the screamer docks about a half-hour from now. His district’s only just barely entered night-cycle anyway.”
“Okay.”
“He’ll probably be making his way along the Eighth Eastern Main Street Corridor. You’ll have to nick him in some adjoining alleyway, but of course, you know all that much better than I do. I’ll keep an eye on the Network for policemen that might interfere.”
“Who do I get for support?”
“Arkkon. He’s supposed to meet you at the furthest north vent that releases out into that street.”
The watch made a tiny click and resumed its display of the time. He turned off the glow, which he had used to read the data, and began heading back the way he had come. He frowned at the prospect of having to carry a full-grown man through the vents and back down to the Complex. Assignments like this made him sometimes wish Mazarin was still captain.

***

“Hey, Travis, look at this! It’s incredible!”
Travis, a young agent, crossed the room and stopped behind the officer’s back. His eyes scanned the computer screen and locked onto something at the bottom. His bemusement must have been evident because the officer was grinning with pride and started to talk so quickly that Travis almost couldn’t distinguish words. “It’s almost like a virtual crevice,” the officer said, “or a hole, something was tampered with and then deleted. You see, the numbers don’t match up.”
“Yes, I see,” Travis said in an I’m-not-stupid tone; it was obvious that the numbers didn’t add together. A tiny piece of data was missing, like an unmendable tear in the Archives. Did you find anything else?” Travis asked.
The officer was more than eager to continue, “I was able to save fragments of the file before it was totally erased.”
“How did you pull that off?” Travis said with the raised eyebrow of skepticism.
“As luck would have it, I was doing a scan on those file types when I saw an illegal access light go up. I hit Record just as the dodger was dropping the connection,” the officer then began punching keys, “The scan captured a portion of the data before it was entirely erased.”
A new message appeared in binary code, entirely unreadable for Travis. Ones and zeros were the alphabet of the computer-obsessed, a collection of under-loved men who Travis didn’t associate with. The officer pushed a button, and instantly, the code translated to:

[-repeat//line| Eric XXII ((sorted-profession)) aeronautics mechanic - ((specialization)) Screamer Maintena----}
[[Error on line 90098 source cannot be found]]

Travis adjusted his hat and bent lower, gazing at the flat display.
“Fascinating,” Travis said.
“Sir, if I may?”
“By all means, tell me what in the name of the Protectorate this even means,” Travis said.
“Whoever did this clearly has the power to get around our security measures, so it’s obviously someone of incredible capability.”
Travis nodded and gestured for the officer to continue; this wasn’t new information. When the man didn’t, Travis felt irritated. “To the point!”
“Aye,” the officer’s voice dropped to a whisper, “Why was this person accessing this data?” The man pointed back at the name, “Eric XXII,” and left his index finger on the numeral. “It’s part of a personal file of one the civilians, a petty, common civilian—useless; what interest would this Eric XXII be to anyone?”
Travis didn’t have an explanation. He saw the other man’s eyes search him for answers, which Travis could not give him. He looked back at the screen unresponsively for several moments.
“Sir?” the officer said after a time.
Then, he had an idea—an unsupported explanation that forced the situation into making some limited sense. The more he considered it, the more he knew it had to be true. He smiled and took off his hat, “Well, I’ll be… he’s getting sloppy,” Travis muttered to himself, then turned and shouted excitedly, “Commander, you’d better get over here! We’ve got our best lead ever on the Wraith—just five minutes behind him, Sir!”
“Aye?” A heavy-set face turned from across the room, “You sure?” The commander made his way quickly over to Travis and the ensign, elated by all the attention circling his computer display.
The commander’s large eyes mechanically absorbed the message from left to right and blinked incredulously, “I’ve never seen it make a mistake like this before; it couldn’t be him.”
“And yet it couldn’t not be him either! Who other than the Wraith could hack into Talcomm’s Secure Archives?” Travis asked.
The commander breathed this in a second time and shook his head, “I’ve never seen the Wraith cover its tracks so poorly before; it was either in a hurry or…”
“Or what, Sir?”
“Or it wanted us to find it.”
Travis laughed, “Excuse my outburst, Sir, but why would he want us to find this? How could he possibly benefit by giving us anything? No, Sir, I think this one was a mistake, and we nailed it.”
The commander frowned, “Perhaps you’re right, Travis, but frankly, it’s pretty dubious.” The man searched the air mindlessly, and Travis watched his eyes freeze rigidly, “But still, this is definitely interesting,” the commander turned toward the ensign, “Pull up what you can. I’d like to catch him and end the twenty years of computer plague.”
“Maybe it isn’t him; maybe it’s an organization—perhaps the insurgency,” the ensign suggested.
“Whatever he-she-they-it is, I want to get rid of them. Travis, get Blackmask HQ on the radio. Ensign, pull up everything you can about this Eric XXII fellow.”
“Aye, what business?”
“I need to know everything that may be of any value to the Wraith about this fellow, and I intend to use them to keep an eye on him. Track him, his whereabouts, everything that you can do without showing any sign that we have caught on. You know, a detached contact.”
“Hmm, Blackmask doesn’t take too well to ‘orders’ from Talcomm,” Travis interrupted, knowing full well it wasn’t his place but figuring it probably should be.
“Yes, I know, and I don’t give a flying f…” he paused to regain his composure, “Now, please, get to it. Whoever was reading that file will act quickly.”
“Aye, Sir, it’s done, and Second-Lieutenant Brinton is on his way. May I speak plainly?”
“Of course.”
“Why not send a team, or a squad, hey battalion’s make quick work… anything more effective than just one man?”
“Interesting word, ‘effective.’ How would a team or even a whole garrison be more ‘effective?’”
“Sir, overwhelming firepower during the confrontation, Sir! Capture the Wraith’s operative and question him, Sir!” With each “Sir,” he vented a little obvious sarcasm. “Obviously, to nip this in the bud and find out everything and rid the problem from existence,” Travis said flatly.
“Obviously, you don’t understand what ‘effective’ means.” The commander ripped his face from the screen and met Travis’s gaze challengingly—in such a way that Travis read it as disgusting pseudo-authority. “We want to watch this Eric XXII without being seen by the Wraith or whoever it is that has taken a sudden interest in our civilian. What we don’t want to do is march a flag-waving escort around him. Come, now that you have mastered the word ‘efficient,’ I challenge you to go home and look up the word ‘subtlety’ and memorize the definition!”
“Aye, Sir,” Travis said dispassionately.
“Despite what you may think, Travis, there is a very real chance the reason the Wraith didn’t cover its tracks is to draw us to act, divert our attention, makes us into fools, taunt us, some ulterior motivation we must not serve. I don’t intend to fulfill that ulterior purpose. It is to our advantage if they expect us to respond that we respond in a way they cannot detect. The element of surprise is a wonderful card to have in our hands.”
“Forgive my forwardness, Sir, but I don’t see how choosing the less reasonable course of action makes better sense…”
“Which is why I am a commander, and you are a petty lieutenant inspector.”


CHAPTER 3

Artemis moved silently through the various intertwining tunnels that made up the ductwork of Civilization’s ventilation for just over twenty minutes before deciding to pop loose a panel and venture back into the streets. He slipped into what, at a glance, looked like a small empty alleyway that was just as dark as the last one he’d been in. With quick motions, he flipped the panel back into place and stalked into the adjoining street.
It was a very wide corridor, at least a stone’s throw across, and ran longways uninterrupted in either direction as far as his eyes could see. On one side, he saw the recognizable magnetic trolley tracks, which he knew ran the length of Civilization, although wasn’t often used in travel from one side to the other. Without much need for deduction, he knew he had arrived in the 8th Eastern Main Street Corridor. A glance at his watch told him that he had made it a solid seven minutes before Eric XXII’s alarm clock was set to wake him. Artemis set about finding Arkkon.
Noticing the few patches of policemen wandering about and a few civilians scurrying to and fro, he thought it to be a relatively quiet night. Without too much care, he darted to the north side of the street and looked for the vent opening that Cutter had described. The wall was relatively plain with scattered outlets for power and air, but none of them seemed to offer a large enough panel for a man feasibly to fit through. He briskly paced along the side until he eyed what had to be the vent he was looking for. A large squarish panel textured with downward tilted vents looked to be a meter in length in either direction and was held in place by a few bolts.
He quickly checked around him for onlookers. With it being night, even this main passageway was almost completely deserted. He rapped the back of his fist against the panel and waited. A few moments later, he heard three tiny metallic clanks answer him; it was Arkkon.
“So, I take it Cutter messaged you?” Artemis said quietly through the vent.
“Yeah, yeah, look, I know what this is all about. Eric and all that, I’m with it…” the grumbling voice of Arkkon answered. As much disdain as Artemis had for the man, he was glad he didn’t have to waste time explaining the situation to him as he’d expected.
“Good,” Artemis said, “then we’ll do what we used to.”
“I’ll watch from the street while you lure him into the alley, knock him, and I’ve got your back for tails, eh?” Arkkon said.
“Yeah,” Artemis replied, “that’s the basic plan. He’ll be heading for the trolley on the corridor running east and west. Next to the station, there is a very unlit alleyway facing northward. I’ll draw him into that, and you watch from the station, so I don’t have to worry about anyone in the street like observers, Guardians, soldiers,”
“Blackmask?” volunteered Arkkon. Artemis bit his lip at the interruption and then replied very calmly yet very coldly.
“You will not interrupt me again. As you should be aware, I don’t want anything or anyone out there to get involved in this. And when we’ve got him, we’ll use the nearest vent; my guess is that one opens right into that alley.”
“Most alleys have a connection to at least one master vent,” Arkkon claimed.
“Exactly,” Artemis stated, “so with all that understood, we need to get into position.”
“And you don’t think he’ll get right on the trolley?”
“Not if there isn’t one there,” Artemis said calmly.
“How do you expect to be arranging that?”
“Cutter,” Artemis smiled and checked around him again, still clear, “don’t worry; it’s all under control. I want you to follow the vent you’re in to that alley and get in line for the trolley; in the meantime, I’m going to follow our target.”
“Good idea, wouldn’t want no stray cat, would we?” Arkkon said with eagerness and more than a spark of personality, enough to annoy Artemis, who frowned at the idiot but kept his voice impassive.
“No, we would most certainly not want Eric to miss his appointment.” He heard a dark chuckle from behind the vent panel and wanted to vomit, “Okay, Arkkon, take off; we can’t spare any more time on idle chatter.”
“Aye, Captain,” Arkkon said. Artemis listened for a moment, and when the quiet pounding of feet on metal disappeared, he knew Arkkon was gone. All right, Eric, now to take care of you.

***

Eric was ripped from his dull but pleasantly numb sleep by a head-splitting chirping uproar. His timekeeper was shrieking at him for the fourth time. He wanted to hit the snooze command again, but it was too much work, so despite its ear-ringing raucousness, he did little but bury his head under his pillow.
“No,” he said to himself in denial, trying to believe that the time to get up had not come, “No, it’s still only three o’clock!”
Though it could not do so in reality, the alarm seemed to beep even louder at his resistance to it.
“Shut up; shut up; shut up!” He threw his pillow at it uselessly. With it gone, there was little to protect his now perfectly exposed ears to the repetitious screeching, and he was forced to get out of bed. He regretfully tried to slump over to it and slap the “off” button much harder than he should have, like he always did. It snapped off, and he was met with the satisfying relief of quiet and felt half tempted to return to sleep again in peace.
Instead, he rubbed his hazy eyes and saw the foggy figure of the flat display screen in the other room; it was blinking indignantly at him, and he wondered how long it had been doing so. He stumbled his dizzy way over to it and hit the switch; instantly, the black screen was replaced by the face of a greasy mechanic who seemed startled by Eric’s doubtlessly disheveled appearance. Instinctively, Eric ran a hand through his rumpled hair before deciding he was too tired to really care.
“What?” Eric said with a half-cough. The other man reacted with a face of disgust that he effectively hid in his voice.
“Eric, they sent me to tell you the good news, but I must admit I expected you to be up already,” his face looked up and down.
“Up already?”
“Yeah, Eric, on a normal schedule, that means you would have to be here in an hour.”
“Which means I could have slept for another fifty-five minutes and still made it,” Eric smiled, but the other man did not.
“At any rate, what I am trying to say is that from now on, there aren’t normal schedule days, at least not anymore, starting tomorrow, that is.” The man looked to his side briefly before looking back into the camera. “I hope I didn’t wake you…”
“Oh, no. Just resting.” Eric smiled stupidly. “So, what does that mean, not a normal schedule?”
The man frowned. “It means, from now on, you will be coming in two hours earlier and leaving two hours later.”
Eric was stunned, “So, I work the whole night-cycle and then some now?”
“Bingo, you see, I knew you had some brightness in you, smart guy. Now, I need you to be at Screamer Bay Fourteen in an hour, normal schedule today. Oh, and bring your gavinwrench.”
“Right,” Eric said, and the screen turned off. He looked around his small flat with a sigh and a frown and wondered what to do with the remaining time. The thought of going back to bed was quickly dismissed with news that he wouldn’t be able to sleep as much in the future. It was pretty devastating, and because of it, he was thoroughly awake.
Very mechanically, he took a record-length shower and dressed. Afterward, he appeased his hunger by sitting down and plugging into the wiry faucet outlet attached to a capped needle that hung carelessly from the wall. He stabbed the nutrient pin into his arm, and after a few moments, the machine decided he had been adequately fed and shut off. “It never gives enough to feel satisfied,” he snarled to himself, not that he cared to sit for long with a metal needle in his arm. As usual, he then disconnected it and put it in the sanitizer for the day, and went looking for his work tools.
He searched about for the silver gavinwrench and the nightpass, looking around the small empty apartment. His place was very simple and bland, with only the most basic necessities. From the stark tiled floors in the main room to the dull brown cot in the bedroom, it was very mundane, and he realized that there was little reason to stay at home with a half-hour until work.

***

Artemis walked away from the vent, stepping beneath one of the street’s few night lamps. It was warm since he had grown accustomed to the cool air pouring from the vent, but the change felt good, refreshing. He glanced at his watch and began to feel somewhat pressured by the time; he had never performed imperfectly. This would work, even after a year.
He changed his watch’s setting and stared down at the small red map Cutter had transmitted him; he hadn’t seen it yet since he had waited for it to finish translating the code.
According to it, Eric’s flat was four buildings west of his current position and not hard to find on the second floor. Resetting it to time, he looked up from the watch to notice two gray-clad policemen walking his way from the west. Instinctively, he felt his hands close over his concealed dagger hilts but didn’t draw them. A fight wasn’t what he needed; it would only mean more troops and chaos that could ruin the mission. His muscles relaxed immediately, and he stood upright, hands relaxing and falling away from the hidden knives concealed in his sleeves, and continued walking inconspicuously across the street and down the walk, indirectly toward them. Extra subtly, he bumped the transmit button and spoke in the direction of his watch.
“Cutter-situation-support-Guardian confrontation district eight, give me a computer tap.” He kept his eyes and head focused sharply on the approaching men, now about ten meters away.
“Right, hang on,” Cutter’s voice said quietly from the watch. The Guardians, eagerly carrying rods, were now within talking distance.
“Hold there, citizen,” the taller of the two said.
“Cutter, no time!” Artemis whispered.
“Okay, you’re Gorlwin IX,” Cutter said back, and immediately Artemis muted the watch, not a moment too soon.
“Did you say something?” one of the Guardians said, eyeing him suspiciously. They had now stopped only feet away.
“Er-only that I was,” Artemis paused and searched his mind.
“Yes?” the man said, raising an eyebrow. The other shuffled for something in his pouch.
“My name is, uh, Gworldin Nine,” Artemis said confidently, though the name sounded horribly maimed. Cursed Cutter, why couldn’t he have picked an easier one?
“Gworldin?” the man laughed and looked at the other, who shrugged.
“Hey, whatever. The point is, you’re out after lights-out.”
“I know,” Artemis said, “I’m on my way to work. I have the night shift.”
“Yeah, where?”
“Um, the Screamer Docks, sir.”
“And what do you do there?”
“Mechanics, sir,” Artemis said blindly, hoping that he was correct.
“May I see your night pass?”
“I’m sorry, sir; I misplaced it in my apartment, but I knew I was supposed to come to work regardless, and so…”
“Okay, to make it easier, please just put your hand on this pad,” the Guardian with the pouch said. He had a small dish-shaped computer in his hand; on the top was an all-too-recognizable ID plate.
“Okay,” Artemis said with a plea to luck that what he said had been right. He placed his hand on the pad. There was a click, and he removed his hand.
The Guardian looked over the data and said, “Computer is checking the Archives, one moment.” Then, “Gorlwin IX, you said?”
“Aye.”
The Guardian’s eyes scanned up and down while he mumbled, “Mechanic, night-shift, scheduled today…”
“I thought he said his name was Gworldin,” the other Guardian said.
“Oh, you-must-must have misheard me; I-I sometimes stutter when I’m nervous,” Artemis lied while trying to force a stutter. “What I meant-t-t was…”
“What you meant was…”
“Was wha-wha-what he said,” he said, gesturing to the Guardian holding the computer and mentally cursing that he couldn’t remember the name exactly.
“He checks out; let’s get back to the beat,” the one holding the computer said, and he quickly refolded it and stuffed it back in his pouch.
“Aye, Sir,” the other one said, looking more than a little skeptical.
“As for you, Gorlwin, I want you to find that pass immediately. Had it been a Blackmask officer who stopped you, you’d be set before the Tribunal before the night’s through, I’ll tell you that.”
Artemis nodded. He could have killed them, but that was more Mazarin’s style. Artemis prided himself in being smooth, get in, get done, and get out without incident if he could manage it. Such tactics had secured him the title of captain and won the respect of the Order.
“In any case, good evening and get to work,” the Guardian said and walked past him, the pair suddenly becoming interested in another man leaving the nearest building and heading eastward.
Relieved and a bit embarrassed that he’d been caught off his guard, Artemis continued westward toward Eric’s building, grateful that he had gotten away from that close encounter. Behind him, he heard the Guardians stopping the next man.
“Citizen, who are you?”
“My name’s Gorlwin IX, an’ I’s a screamer mechanic down at the docks, just on my way to work.”
“Is that right? Well, please put your hand on this pad.”
Artemis redoubled his pace, locking his focus on the door of the flats.
“According to this, you don’t have an archived identity. We’ll have to haul you down to the station; you’re in for a big night. Grab him.”
“But I done nothin’ wrong!”
“Don’t worry; the Tribunal will be happy to decide that.”
At this point, Artemis did what he did best and light-footedly disappeared into the building, but not without a smile at the irony.
The lobby was little more than a waiting room attached to a staircase with bright bulbs sprouting from the walls for light. Artemis’s eyes adjusted quickly, and he slipped up the metal staircase and stalked his way to apartment four. The slight whine of the nutrient pump from behind the door immediately told him that he was not late. Artemis stayed still and listened for several minutes to the machine stop and the quiet creaking of feet pacing about behind the door. He wondered how long he would have to wait but didn’t move until the same creaking seemed to be coming nearer, and then he stepped away from the door. Spying a nearby outlet, he feigned repairing it, and from his knees, watched a light-haired man in a beige one-piece mechanic’s suit slip from out of the door, lock it, glance carelessly in his direction, and wander thoughtlessly down the metal stairs. Not until Artemis heard the lower door open and close did he begin to follow.

***

Eric thought it felt colder when it was so dark. He belted his light coat so that it hugged him tightly. The light fixtures mounted far overhead had all been extinguished, except for a scattered few which swept along the walking curb like specks. He found his way almost blindly through the street corridors, twice stopped by two-man Guardian patrols that demanded to see his night pass. Each time, he found himself again digging through his deep coat pockets for where he had stuffed it, always wondering why he didn’t simply nail it to his hand for easy access.
The large street had widened, and he knew he had entered a public services district. Not eager to board one of the sparse night-running trolleys, he decided he would instead make his way toward the nearby library. His footsteps pressed against the metal ground gloomily, and his mind was equally thoughtless.
He made his groggy way through the series of streets and found his way to the local library, a building that was relatively sparse of handbooks yet had access to the Network. White lights shined through the windows, indicating the place was open at any cycle of the day. Pausing only briefly to confer with his watch, he wandered up the ramp to the sliding glass door. He pressed his palm against the cold pad and waited for the door to recognize him and slide aside. He was immediately startled out of his groggy stupor when, instead of the polite whoosh of the library doors opening, he was instead met with a noisy siren.

***

Artemis followed the mechanic’s careless course down the corridor around the block and toward the library. What was he doing going into the library, a place Eric could enter, but Artemis would not be able to follow into, at least not through the door. Still, Artemis momentarily wondered if he’d been seen and Eric was trying to lose his tail, but reason weighed against that small fear. Not once had Eric or anyone else he’d ever captured looked back and seen him stalking them, ever. Ordinary citizens' minds were so introverted that Artemis half-believed he could live in their same apartment, and they wouldn’t notice.
He watched Eric check his watch and ascend the ramp toward the glass doors. Artemis began planning how he would get inside—which vents were the quickest and how he’d avoid losing sight of Eric if he could. It all seemed easy, despite his rustiness.
Almost instantly, and to his great surprise, a red light started flashing, and a siren screamed. Amid the sudden chaos, a voice seemed to be saying, “Unauthorized entry attempted; there is no record of the given handprint in Network Archives.”
Artemis wanted to draw the daggers—wanted to get him now. He couldn’t make sense of the situation and spun in a full circle, looking for some explanation, policemen, anything. Artemis wondered if, after so many successful runs, he’d finally been trapped.
“Unauthorized entry attempted; there is no record of the given handprint in Network Archives,” the voice repeated, but this time, it sank in.
He whipped open the watch and typed a command, “Cutter, did you delete his records already?”
“Er, yes, yes, I did. To save time, that bad?”
“Can you hear the siren? Eric tried to gain access to the library. I need you to hack into the computers and cut the juice to this before real problems begin to occur,” Artemis said and looked back toward Eric to see if he was going to run. Instead, the mechanic simply froze up and raised his arms in surrender; what a well-trained monkey.
“I’ll see what I can do, but I can’t make promises. My power is still limited,” Cutter said, and Artemis could hear him typing furiously in the background.
“Do whatever it takes.”

***

Within seconds, Cutter had tried several times to breach the settings and alter the alarm command and failed each time. Sweat beaded his forehead, and his hands felt slippery as they madly punched the keys and his eyes strained painfully over his several computer screens.
“Access denied…denied…denied!” he muttered, “I can breach the Archives, the impenetrable Talcomm Archives, but I can’t disarm a simple alarm…”
“Stop mumbling and find a way,” the baritone voice of the Patriarch said from behind him. The man stood resolute and keen as an owl, quiet and yet commanding. He made Cutter feel nervous just by watching him, even after so many years. Though his features were unreadable, his eyes scanned the screens with hawk-like intent.
After a few moments, he gave up, “I can’t breach it. It’s impossible without better resources.” He looked toward the Patriarch.
“Very well, have him get out of there, fast.” The Patriarch scowled, and Cutter hit the transmit switch.
“Artemis, you’re going to have to just…”
He was suddenly spoken over by Artemis’ signal, “Good work, Cutter; things have cleared up,” Artemis replied, and the transmission ended.
Cutter’s fingers again fluttered over the keys, and he discovered the alarm had been canceled after all, but…
The Patriarch turned back toward him and nodded, “Good work, as always.”
Cutter frowned and scratched his head, then looking distraught, he said, “I don’t think I did anything.”
“Then tell me, who did? Who else would have?” the Patriarch said rhetorically and turned away. “Keep monitoring the mission, and if anything else happens, let me know. I’ll be getting a few things ready in the other rooms.”
“Aye, sir.”

***

The klaxon had stopped. Nearby lights sprang to life, and to his horror, he thought he was about to be arrested and shipped to Wasteland like a criminal. He quivered and did nothing, wondering what he had done wrong. He had gone to this same library only yesterday, and before that what seemed like nearly a thousand times before and had never had any trouble. Had he broken a law he wasn’t aware of? And what did this, “no record in Network Archives,” mean?
But now it was over.
Eric’s arms were still raised skyward in surrender, and he continued to tremble before letting them come down again. But the alarms were silent, and the new lights had turned off; everything was exactly as it had been. He stood on the ramp leading to the library door for several moments, waiting for some explanation to arrive. None did; the city had returned to its usual self as if nothing had occurred, and Eric began to wonder what the conditions were like in the Institute for the Mentally Unstable, though he knew as did everyone else that this term simply meant removal from society and probably death. Were they going to kill him and erase his records? Had he reached a point of mentality that made him unfit to give his talents to society, and he was more of a drain of resources?
Finally, his senses flooded back to him, despite his nerves, and he concluded the freak occurrence to have been an electrical error that seemed enhanced by his tiredness. After all, he was a mechanic; he could write the book on things that could go wrong with wiring!
He walked back down the ramp and into the night, suddenly disinterested in going to the library at all. He felt cool breezes of air flow from nearby vents against his face, which was very refreshing in the dim night. He paused for a moment to breathe in the cool air as a way of trying to relax his still unnerved state.

***

Even though Cutter had disabled the alarm in less than a minute’s time, that was plenty of room for the streets to be suddenly swamped by Blackmask inspectors, or at least have had a Guardian dispatch race to the source. Instead, the night was as sleepy as it had ever been, and no one else was around to care.
With interest, Artemis slipped to an even better position of cover and watched a perplexed Eric remain standing on the ramp with his hands risen and then, very slowly, lower them. The mechanic scratched his hand and looked about him, obviously dazed and flustered. Had Mazarin been with him, Artemis was sure the two of them would have laughed at the scene. But by himself, Artemis didn’t feel inclined to so much as reveal himself with a slight chuckle.
After a few moments of seemingly no brain activity, the mechanic walked his trembling way back down the ramp and in the direction of the trolley station, where he should have been going in the first place. Artemis easily kept pace and watched him from various positions. When Cutter forged an order for the waiting trolley to ship off, as planned, Artemis let Eric slip from his view and went into the black alleyway ahead of him, making certain not to draw any attention. It seemed to work. The mechanic aimlessly watched the trolley that he’d missed take off and paid very little attention to his surroundings.
It amazed Artemis how much darker the alleyways were than the semi-lit streets, and almost as soon as he had entered, he was so absorbed by the blackness, he doubted he could be seen at all. Trusting that Arkkon would cover the street, he knew the time to act had finally come. He drew Dawn from its sheath on his forearm; it gave off its ambient green light with his touch to its gem, and he waved it until he saw Eric take notice, then re-sheathed it. The light was not bright enough to reveal him or his figure, but it would be visibly green from a distance and would confuse Eric even more—play off his curiosity.

***

Eric distracted himself from the library incident by scrutinizing the few other pedestrians. It was almost humorous watching them go by and mocking them in his mind, except he knew, aside from his feelings about himself, he was just like them. Just as concerned about meeting the deadlines ENTITY gave him, just as worried about avoiding run-ins with Blackmask, and ultimately only concerned about his own affairs—few, but important. Sure, he would find the newest inner-world events interesting, but as long as he was still useful in the Screamer Docks and Civilization was winning the war with the RFP, there was rarely anything else of interest.
He tried to think about the work that lay ahead of him that day. It was probably a lot of tinkering with engines, fiddling with tools, and drinking plenty of oil, not to mention a fresh coating of grease to counteract his most recent shower.
Looking ahead, he saw the trolley station nearby and watched as it hovered past him and into the distance. He had missed it and would have to wait ten more minutes for the next trolley, but he didn’t really care. He wasn’t in a big hurry to board the smelly bus and rush into the Docks to enjoy all the new paperwork he had to do for the schedule change.
While waiting idly at the station, he paced around and found keen interest in what seemed like a tiny green light flickering on and off in a nearby alley. He walked over toward it curiously, with each step trying to figure out what it was.
“Eric,” a whisper said from his right. He whirled in surprise to see… nothing—just an unlit street corridor and the continuing flicker of the green light until it finally went out altogether. Perhaps it had been someone else, some other Eric, an Eric XXIII, or XXV. But he doubted it. Looking around, he saw that he was completely alone as far as he could tell.
“Who is it?” he asked cautiously, not moving from his spot. There was no response. Perhaps the voice hadn’t been real at all. He thought of the incident only a half-hour before with the locked library that blocked his entrance with sirens and red lights.
The formerly impassive feminine voice was suddenly eerie as he recalled its warning in his mind, “unauthorized entry attempted…”
He felt freaked. Maybe he was truly losing his mind.
“Eric, come here quick! I need your help,” the whisper said, the speaker still concealed by darkness. The voice had definitely been real. He frowned indecisively and placed a toe in the water by taking a small step forward.
“Who and where are you?” he tested, listening for the direction of the sound.
“In the alley. Can’t you see me? I can see you. Don’t you remember me, Eric?” the whisperer asked; it was unclear how far away it was. It was also much more strained either from agitation or pain. Intuitively, he walked toward the dark lane but refused to enter it.
“Why don’t you come out?” Eric asked.
“I’m stuck; please, help me,” the voice said quietly. At that moment, he made a decision and naively stepped into the alley.
“I’m coming,” he said. A green light flashed in his peripheral vision, and before he could react, he felt a cold hand strike his neck. Dizziness grabbed him, and the black alleyway grew even darker as he fell to the ground. The last thing he heard was the scream of a pulsar gun.

***

The idea had executed itself perfectly. After teasing Eric with the blinking light of the dagger, he was slowly luring the curious but cautious man toward the alleyway. Come on; come on. “Eric,” he whispered when Eric was near enough to hear. He saw the man seem to spark slightly, surely a third thing to take him off guard that night. The man whirled about him, probably unsure of where the sound had come.
“Who is it?” Eric said tremulously.
Artemis didn’t say anything right away. Instead, he continued teasing Eric with the green light from his dagger and watched to see how he responded. He didn’t seem to be coming nearer, just standing in place.
“Eric, come here quick! I need your help,” Artemis said and sheathed the dagger, watching Eric in his momentary indecision.
Surprisingly it didn’t take him long to come toward the dark-engulfed alley, but Eric stopped after a step.
“Who and where are you?” he asked.
“In the alley,” Artemis responded, watching. “Can’t you see me? I can see you. Don’t you remember me, Eric?” Artemis was feeling a bit frustrated, and a keen ear could have noticed it in his voice. Eric resumed walking toward the alley but again paused before actually entering it. Artemis poised himself, just another step or two, come on.
“Why don’t you come out?” Eric asked.
“I’m stuck,” Artemis said instinctively. “Please, help me.” He was trying to manipulate Eric’s sense of philanthropy. Whatever the reason, that was enough. Eric walked several steps into the alley, squinting to see.
“I’m coming,” he said.
Artemis, whose muscles had been coiled like a cat’s, waited for the right moment. In an instant, he drew a dagger and leaped toward Eric unseen. The mechanic didn’t have the chance to turn his head before Artemis slammed the hilt onto the back of his neck.
The man’s head convulsed, and he collapsed, but only just after something else burned its way into Artemis’s own back and threw him forward with a jolt of energy. That same instant, the dark alley lit up blue, and the whine of a gun screeched, and then both faded; he had been shot. Suddenly bloodshot, Artemis rolled onto his back and felt his head spin. All of his senses were unclear; it was a horrible experience. He had never been shot before, but almost as soon as the pain had come, it dissipated, replaced by a sensation of sheer, utter power. With ease, he leaped to his feet and drew Dusk. Facing the street, he saw a black-uniformed operative standing alone, armed only with a pulsar pistol that was aimed directly at him.
Their face-off was little more than instantaneous before the man was able to fire another blast at Artemis, who, swelling with energies he had never experienced, projected himself out of the way with tremendous ease and ran along the side of the wall. With finesse and strength unheard of, he arched around the side of his attacker, both blades hotly flashing. The Blackmask soldier’s reflexes couldn’t compete with Artemis’s unparalleled speed, and as Artemis flung himself into position behind the man’s back, the soldier had scarcely enough time to twist the gun slightly since he’d fired it last.
Mercilessly, Artemis plunged the first dagger into the man’s side, and the other sliced into the soldier’s hands. Blood splattered onto his face, and the pistol collapsed from him. With the impact of the first blade, the man collapsed, and Artemis reeled for another stab. The man was dead before ever hitting the ground. Mind still afire, Artemis looked around the street to see what had happened to Arkkon. Why hadn’t he done his job? It was then that Artemis discovered that Arkkon was neither at his post nor anywhere to be seen—captured, perhaps, or worse.
Feeling his body calming and releasing the aches and numbness that usually encompass a person, he felt a slight dizziness return. Lurching back into prostrate breaths as quickly as he’d surged into energy, he felt his heart throbbing and a kind of miserable pain in his lungs. Still, in his mind, a strange and miraculous pleasure tormented him until, with a spin, the world returned to how it had seemed before. Only extreme fatigue and thirst remained. It was such that he was forced to lean against the nearest wall and close his eyes for what must have been several minutes before feeling any noticeable recovery.
When he did finally regain his stamina, he wandered back into the alley, using the dagger’s light to make sense of what had just occurred. He saw the unconscious but uninjured figure of Eric lying face down upon the ground, and not far away was the bloodied and diced corpse of the Blackmask soldier who had spontaneously interfered. There was no sign of assistance for him, but help could be anywhere nearby. Knowing that time was precious, Artemis dragged the body toward the waste bin at the end of the alley. Pausing for a half-moment to open the bin and pluck the silver insignia from the dead man’s chest, he heaved it into the bin and watched it fall onto the treadmill and disappear on its way to the incinerators.
He closed the bin and resigned that there was nothing he could do to cover the blood that had splattered on the ground and walls. He went to the panel and unlatched it before dragging Eric toward it and then shoving him into the vent. Quite luckily, it was a large vent angled downward that a man could stand in easily. He watched Eric’s body slide down into another vent, and he looked around him before climbing in himself. Just as he was about to leave, he spied the silvery pistol lying on the ground and quickly picked it up, taking it toward the bin. He opened it for a second time and readied to hurl the mischievous gun to the treadmills when he hesitated.
He remembered the peculiar high he had felt after being shot; he remembered the feeling it had stimulated in him and instead rationalized pocketing it. Closing the bin, he climbed into the vent. Upon replacing the panel and awkwardly slipping past Eric’s haggard form, he beeped his watch, “Okay, Cutter, it’s over.”
“Do you have him?”
“Yes, I’ve got him; we’re safe in the vents. I’ll be bringing him back to the Complex immediately.”
“Were there any problems?”
“Yes, there was a fight, and I got shot…” Artemis paused.
“You got what? Sorry, there’s static, and I can’t hear you well,” Cutter replied, “Did you say you got shot?”
Artemis paused.
“No!” Artemis said, “you have wax in your ears, Cutter? I said, ‘I got shocked that Arkkon abandoned the mission.’”
“He did what? Did you meet up with him at all?”
“Yes, I gave him his assignment, which was to do spot on the corridor. However, he wasn’t there. I was attacked from the rear, but I managed just fine, no harm at all,” Artemis said, rubbing his slightly swollen temples; a slight tingling remained in his back where the pulsar has blasted him. “There’s another Blackmask agent in the gutters, probably almost to incineration by now.”
“Which means we’ll have to call back the others and play it low for a couple of days,” Cutter said with understandable concern in his voice. “Are you sure everything is fine there?”
“Yes, everything is fine.” Artemis showed no lack of confidence, but in his mind, he wasn’t sure why he was lying. He had most definitely been shot and lived. Perhaps he needed medical help; maybe the Patriarch should know about this, but he had never been shot before. It was simply too much to publicize it. Artemis had never been caught off guard before—ever.
“And so, everything’s perfect?”
“Er, no. Well, everything except that Arkkon is nowhere to be found,” Artemis said.
“All right, the Patriarch wants you to bring Eric here now. He’s having Nero and Bria look for Arkkon, so don’t worry about it. If ENTITY finds him first, I’ll know about it via Talcomm Archives. Don’t worry about it; just come here,” Cutter said.
“Right.” Artemis turned off the watch. With a sigh, he picked up Eric and began the slow journey back to the Complex. He was still tired from the incident, but the mention of Bria’s name had awakened some part in him that was enough to fuel him the rest of the way.



CHAPTER 4

What was it—a body? A dark, night-covered shape was resting against the wall below on the ground floor. From its sides sprouted two limp arms, and the shadowy thing had the shape of a person as near as Torm could tell.
But still, no person would be lying against an alleyway wall in the middle of the night unless they had been left there. Murder was so absolutely rare in Civilization that Torm couldn’t believe that it was even a possibility anymore. Still, being a Guardian, it was his job to investigate. Almost without realization, he threw on his gray jumpsuit, grabbed the taser-prod, and, as quiet as he was quick, scurried down the metal staircase and around the corner.
The difference between the dimly lit street lamps and the unlit alleyway was amazing. Shrouded in what was comparable to complete blackness, he probed a foot forward, listening intently. Whoever was there certainly was not dead after all and was making faint nasal breaths. Torm turned on the flashlight and shined it ahead; a circle of white showed the trembling torso of a full-grown man.
“Are you all right?” Torm called, moving slowly forward.
The man said nothing. As Torm took a second step closer, he was startled when the man began to stand up and violently convulse.
The man looked toward Torm, looked down the street past him, then in a wobbly run toward Torm, he screamed, a ragged laugh in his voice, “Ahh! Oh… how… it… aches…”
Knowing it was time to subdue him, Torm ran forward and threw the baton against the body. Crackling blue sparks of electricity leaped onto the man, who broke into spasms.
“AH!!! Oh, you don’t have me! YOU CAN’T HAVE ME!!!” the man shouted psychotically and ripped the baton from Torm’s iron-grip and shattered it between his fingers.
Torm, for the first time in his life, was stricken with absolute horror. Tingling hairs shot up along his arms and scalp, and the thought of dying crossed his mind. In a defensive impulse, he threw a meaty fist at the man. His knuckles connected with what was probably a nose; a loud cracking noise followed.
The man continued to scream, but this time he was running out of the alleyway. Torm gave chase, still holding the broken blunt end of the rod.
Coming out of the alleyway into the dim yellow light of the street corridor, a shimmer of light and sparks brightened the street and faded. In the momentary flash, Torm saw the unmistakable shape of a pulsar pistol in the man’s hand. It had discharged into the bloody fool’s chest, and he lived?
More than simply alive, the man was livid and exuberant, quicker and more energetic than he had been, than any person ever could be.
The screaming before had been tame compared to the next sudden and chaotic eruption, “YES, YES, YES!!!!” Rife with bizarre eagerness, the voice shrieked so loudly that Torm believed every curious citizen in the local district would spring from their flats to investigate. Willow Lane was a small street, and the Guardians depended on him to enforce the curfew alone; he had to keep order.
More frenzied shrieking followed, “AHHH, YES! OH! AHH!” And the man now had accelerated to that of little more distinguishable than a human blur. One thing Torm could notice clearly was that the man’s course wasn’t coherent. He darted fast as though in one direction and somehow would next be seen in a place opposite. And then he vanished.
Torm pivoted in every direction and saw nothing. Had he been hallucinating?
“AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!”
Apparently not. The deranged screaming took wind again, but Torm couldn’t tell where the sound was coming from despite the noisy ranting. In fact, it seemed to originate from all directions amidst flashes and pulsar whines, which grew in frequency.
Torm knew he was going insane. Could something like this legitimately be happening? Either the man was moving in circles around him so extremely fast that his eyes couldn’t see more than an occasional blur, or Torm’s senses could no longer be trusted.
Soon, the pulsar sounds stopped, and the screaming grew more fatigued until it too ceased. Torm paused to collect himself, listening, trying to recall everything Gray had taught him. Then, like a bullet, he threw himself to the left, then sprinted forward.
He made solid contact and knocked roughly into the man. Torm felt his jaw hit backward painfully and his grip weaken. There was a short struggle before he collapsed to his knees, and the man broke free, but before he left, his finger caught a stiff piece of metal. There was a loud whine, and another blazing beam of green light seared at point-blank into the fast-moving man, this time shocking his neck.
The voice returned, and any coherence it had before now totally disappeared, degenerating into wild shrieking and wailing, bizarrely patternless and profane—random ranting and yelling. Torm chased the sound left, right, and around, always looking for that almost indistinguishable blurry shadow of motion. It was definitely the fastest thing he had ever encountered. What was this man?
After a seemingly timeless run, he heard the voice make a few intelligible words again, “No, No, No!!! Not Yet!!!” It had lost some of its zeal. He saw the blur run up one of the walls and then try for the ceiling top. It succeeded for a few breathtaking steps before plunging to the floor like a motionless rag. When its limbs crunched against the metal plate, the small pistol flew from its absent grip and clattered to the ground a few feet away. Torm hurried and seized it.
A scruffy-haired man lay collapsed on the floor, wheezing violently. Torm habitually aimed the gun at the man, who was slowly relaxing into comatose, despite its seemingly negated usefulness.
“All right then, your name, please?” Torm demanded. The man ignored him and stared skyward, perplexed.
“Oh, no… no… one more time…”
“I said, your name, PLEASE!” Torm walked even closer, eyes hot on the man’s ghastly white form, which had stopped moving entirely.
“Your name, citizen!” Torm looked into the man’s eyes. He was clearly unconscious.
Checking for life signs, Torm grasped the man’s wrist yet felt no pulse and watched the immobile chest go without breathing for several long minutes. Whatever he had been, now he was dead.
Torm turned him over and found a long curved scimitar with a handsome ruby in the hilt held loosely by the man’s other lifeless hand. He reached for it and felt his own fingers pass through the sword. Its shape seemed to wane and then completely fade as he went to touch it as if erasing itself from existence. So much for using it as evidence. Torm’s mind shook. He considered the idea of bolting for his flat, barring it, and never leaving home again. Or at least pretending this incident never happened.
Instead, his rational mind was more interested in a small red sparkle in the man’s palm. Carefully, Torm removed the gorgeous deep-red gemstone from the hand; it looked exactly the same as the one he had seen on the sword’s hilt moments before.
It was hard to the touch and very real. Whatever had become of the rest of the sword was an unsolvable mystery, but this little stone was proof of its existence. He held it near his eye and was amazed at how exact and perfectly it had been cut. It was no smaller than a coin, but he could hold it easily between two fingers. In fact, the gem seemed to mirror the exact size and feel of a common datagem.
He wondered if perhaps, maybe this would be the key to unlocking an explanation for all of the night’s events. He pocketed the stone, and, taking great care to return the body to how it had fallen, he went back to his apartment for the radio. He had no idea what he was going to say, but a dead body in the middle of Willow Lane was something he had to report immediately.
Pounding up the staircase and throwing aside the door, he launched into the main room and grabbed the transmitter. Already typing out the code, he paused. As if a temptation from a left-shoulder angel, the thought struck him that perhaps he should not report this. After all, how could he expect not to be done away with as insane after a recount of everything he’d seen that night? Clearly, there had been no other witnesses. It would be unbelievable.
Instead, Torm sent the numbers 0400, which meant that peculiar noises had been heard, but he didn’t find anything, and he needed assistance in the investigation. After confirming the request, he darkened his lights and locked the door. Feigning that he had only just awoken, he peered through the glass into the metal street. Within ten minutes, Blackmask had removed the body and taped off the area. Several specialists searched over it like hounds for whatever it is they wanted to know. He sighed, took off his gloves, and let the stress slip from his mind.
After several minutes, a guard ascended the staircase to the upper flats where Torm lived. When the knock finally came, he opened the door and squinted at the spill of dim yellowy streetlight entering his dark room.
“Yes, what is it?” he croaked at the black-clad officer. Torm noticed a silver insignia pin on his chest. Blackmask.
The man cocked his head arrogantly and withdrew the broken end of the baton from his jacket, “Recognize this?”
Torm cursed inwardly but remained perfectly calm. Instead, his mind raced, and he said the first thing that came to his mind, desperate to stay on his feet. “Then you did get my message; I hoped so. Whatever was out there stole it from my hands and…”
The officer looked both skeptical and irritated. With a dismissive and pompous tone, he interrupted, “You can explain to the Tribunal.”

***

“What do you mean he’s dead? What happened!?” the commander was shouting. Travis watched the commander’s husky face flush red in anger, both beady eyes flashing hotly at each man.
“I received the report this morning,” Travis replied, “It said, ‘The body of Lieutenant Commander Brinton Ervoni, Blackmask, was discovered on the underground conveyor belts leading toward the garbage incinerators. The autopsy showed fatal knife wounds but no evidence of the attacker. No hairs, no skin under Brinton’s fingernails, no fingerprints, nothing. Also, his pulsar was nowhere to be found.”
If furious had a definition, it would be the commander’s face at that instant. His fists curled and uncurled angrily, and his jaw trembled. “And what about that Eric XXII fellow Brinton was tracking? What’s become of him?”
“Disappeared from the scene, Sir. He hasn’t been found as of yet,” Travis said. Despite it being unwanted circumstances, he liked the small comfort he took in knowing he’d been right and the commander had been wrong.
“So, he could have already been incinerated then before his body would have been found,” one of the other Talcomm officers volunteered.
“Unlikely,” Travis said quickly, “Rather, I believe one of two things occurred. Either Eric somehow overpowered his stalker and is now in hiding, or the Wraith is more than just a Network hacker and has physical operatives. Some of whom could have captured Eric and disposed of Brinton, perhaps part of some diabolical, insurgency scheme.”
“Probably overpowered him with numbers. Brinton was arguably the best Blackmask agent, aside from Lord Velix Vortin o’course,” someone else said.
“I believe that the first possibility we can discount is not what happened. I find it impossible to believe that any normal citizen could have detected the stalker, less yet have the skill to overwhelm an elite Blackmask operative and Brinton of all people. Also, the report suggested stabbing and slash wounds. I do not believe any citizens have access to knives or otherwise,” Travis said very dryly. “Which leaves only the second possibility.”
The commander frowned as if to say, “According to you.”
“Not necessarily, Travis,” an older man interjected. “The museum has replicas of ancient weapons. I’ve taken my family there before. My kids especially love the Old Earth Eastern sword displays, you know: katanas, tantos, wakizashi, whatever…”
“Oh, right,” Travis said in a quick backpedal, realizing his words had outrun his thoughts. “And there are records of stolen swords from the museum, which adds to that theory. But the counter-argument is that all knife-type blades have been double-checked to meet full inventory. And the deepest wound was less than six inches with a half-inch diameter, so, that couldn’t be it.”
“How do you know they didn’t swap the knives with others to skew our inventory figures? It’s still possible,” the old man said.
Travis had noticed that no one was jumping to the old man’s theory and that he seemed mostly ignored by the others; this ridiculous stubbornness was probably why. Clearly, the man was an idiot.
“No, it’s not possible,” Travis said sharply, “because the thieves who stole the swords never tried any tricks to hide the fact that the blades went missing, and secondly, where would they get the replacement knives to trade with the museum knives? If they had knives already, they wouldn’t need to steal more.”
“But that means they used them and put them back!” the old man said with excitement. Travis shook his head in frustration, and there were murmurs throughout the room.
“This is a waste of our time,” the commander said, “I’ll see that you get reassigned, McGruff; no one around here wants to hear your conspiracies.”
The old man’s face grew red, and he didn’t speak again for the rest of the meeting.
Then, the commander cleared his throat as if to refocus the room to the original conversation and proceeded to pipe in his bit, “Which means that this Wraith is much more powerful than we realized.” He frowned, realizing he’d stated the over-obvious, “No longer a mere virtual threat, though, that is in no way small, the Wraith has grown to become a physical threat as well.”
To Travis, this was the unofficial acceptance of his hypothesis number two and the conclusion he himself had deduced. Perhaps the commander had wizened up and realized he should probably listen to Travis.
There was a pause during which most of the agents in the room could find no words to break the ice of that suggestion. Whatever the Wraith was, it was a serious problem. Respectfully, Travis said nothing for several moments, then opened a file he had been carrying, “I would like you to see this, Sir,” he said.
The commander ambled over and locked his tiny eyes onto the documents. “As you can see,” Travis said, “According to the official Talcomm Archives today, there is and never was an Eric XXII,” he paused.
“What? There must be some mistake?” the commander said, “Edgar, Allen, and Robert, all of you try to access citizenry documents, anything that may pertain to this Eric XXII.”
Travis knew they would find nothing but would not object to the commander’s redundant request. If this waste of time was necessary to convince them, then so be it. He took the next few moments to organize the next revelation he would give them, feeling entirely confident in his deduction.
“Nothing, Sir,” Allen said before the others.
“Nothing,” Edgar agreed.
“I have something,” Robert said, “No, sorry. I mistyped and found documents on Eric XXI, the predecessor.” Quite embarrassed, he retyped his commands while the others waited, “Nothing, Sir,” Robert concluded.
The commander sighed and sat down. For the first time, his hot overconfidence seemed to have run out of gas. His thick fingers massaged his temples, and he stared down, mumbling, “Lord Protector isn’t going to like this…”
“Sir, if I may,” all eyes turned back toward Travis, “After I found out last night about Brinton’s mysterious death, I have spent every waking moment trying to unlock the puzzle.”
“Spare us the metaphors and continue,” the commander said in a defeatist tone.
“Hand-written reports, census documents, and other resources suggest to me that the Wraith and the insurgency are the same group,” Travis said and waited for their reactions.
As he had expected, each ear perked up, and all eyes that hadn’t been on him before stared intently. “Please,” the commander said with new eagerness, “go on.”
“According to the census, four years ago, the city of Civilization contained fifty million people, leaving another ten million other citizens living outside the city, such as miners and so forth.”
“Yes, yes…” the commander said impatiently.
“However, according to the exact numbers at the beginning and end of the year, I found several numbers that couldn’t be accounted for. I back-checked and found incongruent numbers as far back as five years ago. The trend grew and shrank until last year, where there was no census error for whatever reason. This leads me to believe…”
“What does that mean, ‘numbers that could not be accounted for?’” someone said.
“For example, in the fourteenth district, the population count was one-hundred and seven thousand, two hundred and three people at the beginning of the year; at the end, it was, one-hundred seven thousand, two-hundred and fifteen.”
“Population growth? What does that even pretend to prove?” the commander snapped.
“Please, let me continue…” Travis said.
“WELL, NO ONE’S STOPPING YOU!” the commander shouted. Travis decided not to voice his objection.
“In that year, ENTITY brought in fifteen children from the schools to live as adults in that district, giving it an additional fifteen population. Extraordinary small growth for one year, but according to official records, it only gained fifteen people. We have on record two fatalities as the only deaths that occurred in that section for that year.” Travis paused for breath. “The first was toward the beginning; a James XX was killed in a heavy machinery accident at work. His home was cleaned up and redistributed, his body incinerated, and his name added to the historical plaque. The other was Frederic XXIII, who died from some strange disease he encountered outside of Civilization. He worked in one of the oxygen mills just outside of the southern Waygates. He was rushed to the secluded disease room, through sterile means, and died with the others. His home was sanitized and redistributed, his body incinerated, and his name added to the historical plaque.”
“Yes, yes, this is all very common. What about the third?”
“There was no third that year, Sir.”
“Of course, there was; otherwise, the numbers don’t add up,” the commander said.
“Exactly. Exactly what I have been trying to suggest. We didn’t detect it then because we did not know that anyone was interested in whoever the person was who lived in that sector. We had no idea that the Wraith would focus on citizens specifically and try subtly to kill or abduct them. Instead, these people vanished, and all records disappeared so thoroughly that nobody ever noticed.”
“But not perfectly, or you would have never caught the number incongruency,” Robert said.
“Which proves that the Wraith isn’t perfect, and we can trap it,” Travis said, “But that’s getting ahead of ourselves.”
“You are suggesting that the Wraith is trying to destroy us by abducting random citizens one by one?” the commander said.
“I cannot suggest a motive,” Travis clarified, “But I wouldn’t conclude that the abductions are random either. Whoever these people are, there must be a correlation other than that they’ve all been average citizens. The Wraith, and/or the insurgency, is so thorough and so invisible, and so organized, it wouldn’t make sense for these targets to be random. Which means they know something we don’t, making them all the more of a threat. Perhaps not a danger in manpower, but the fact that they can exist, for who knows how many years, inside Civilization and Talcomm not even know about it shows overconfidence on our part up until now.”
This time, the tension in the room was so thick it choked everyone’s words. Travis let it soak in; he needed their support to do what he thought was the best counter-step. The melodrama was a good technique, though buried under all the stage fright was a genuine fear he was feeding them.
“We need to inform the Lord Protector immediately,” the commander said, “But only him. The rest of this must never leave this room. I will see him in person to do so, and Travis will come with me. I don’t want any of this on the Network Archives, where some Wraith may find it. We can no longer count on it being secure, understand?”
Everyone in the room acknowledged the order.
“Sir, if I may,” Travis said.
“Of course, Travis,” the commander said, “please, continue.”
“I have other documents that give me a few other ideas. The total disappearances that I found last night were over forty, and there could be more. If it’s murder, then the Wraith chooses several insignificant and useless targets, perhaps practice, but that’s doubtful. Five years is a lot of patience, and who knows—it could have gone on longer,” he paused, “I think there is a slim possibility that the Wraith is building a small force of arms for terrorism.”
The commander looked shocked, “But all citizens are trained to be patriotic at all ages, and loyal, and taught the values of…” his words dropped off in response to Travis’s look.
“Unless the Wraith’s brainwash is better than our propaganda, or if he’s picking targets who have shown signs of especial independence or interest in anarchy; maybe this is some ludicrous liberty for the citizens' campaign. But whatever their motives, they must be discovered.”
“No one here disputes that outcome, Travis.”
“I have an idea. It’s more of a hunch than anything, but from some things I’ve read, I wonder if…,” he scratched his head intentionally, “but then I must…”
“Must what? Anything, just say it,” the commander insisted.
“I need to access the darkrooms,” Travis said finally, and all conversations hushed. He felt like wincing as he watched the commander bite his knuckle in indecision.
“Those are so secure that even I can’t access them, less yet authorize you. Care to explain what makes you want to comb the most protected areas of Civilization?”
“No,” Travis said calmly, “No, I cannot explain to anyone until I’ve been back there and know for sure. When we see the Lord Protector, I will ask him,” he paused for breath, “when are we going?”
“Right now.”

***

Eric awoke with a throbbing headache. At first, his eyelids wouldn’t open, and he felt himself resting painfully against a hard surface. He let himself continue to drift in his half-sleep for a long time until the unrelenting aching forced him awake. He stretched out his limbs fully, still lying on the ground, and opened his eyes.
Peace turned to ripples of shock, for what he saw hanging above him was himself. The other Eric stared down at him and mimicked his exact movements, except backward. If his head shifted slightly, so did the other’s. There was nothing else on the ceiling at all.
When his headache had subsided, Eric felt more aware. Continuing to look at the ceiling, he decided the version of him hanging above was entirely too flat to be real; it was a mirror. Who would cover a whole ceiling with a mirror?
He looked around and stood up. In all directions, he saw mirrors and nothing else. Infinite reflections of his own form repeated endlessly in every direction. The only non-mirrored surface was the floor, which was a steel-gray and had two bulbous light fixtures jetting upward from it that emitted perfectly white light. Only because of the floor could he tell how large the room was and precisely where the mirrors began.
There were no cracks to indicate doors or windows, simply mirrors on every side that he could see. He was beginning to tire of this ragged-haired reflection of himself painted in every direction. Where was he anyway? How had he gotten here? He tried to remember, running through the last memories in his mind.
He remembered waking up sometime in the recent past and the painful sound of his incessant alarm. How could he forget it? It was tattooed to his mind forever, probably. Also, he remembered the message on the screen and his reassignment. Yes, he had to be at work; he was going to go to work. He had walked out the door, and—and what? It was all so foggy. He recalled blackness and nothing else, and then he was here.
How had he arrived, where was he, and most important of all, it seemed, how was he going to get to work? A tiny grumbling complaint from his innards pressed the most urgent question of all, where was he going to hook up with some nutrients?
These were nagging questions that he couldn’t satisfy, despite his best efforts. He walked up to each wall and pressed his hands against them; his probing fingers sought for something to force inward, a trap door, a window, a way out. But it was futile; each cold polished surface proved unshakably firm.
“Ah, you are awake,” a voice said; the speaker remained unknown and unseen.
“Who are you?” Eric’s voice quivered slightly, “What is this place?”
“This place is nothing; life as you know it is nothing,” the voice said in calm ambiguous confidence.
“What?” Eric thought aloud.
“The life you have known is false. Each of your past days has been a lie only to prepare you for this,” the voice paused.
“What are you talking about?” Eric said, completely baffled.
“This is life,” the voice said.
“No, no, no, you’re wrong,” Eric said, his rational mind seemed offended and defensive to the foundation-shaking claim. “No, this, this isn’t my life. I’m a mechanic. I follow the rules; I work, I breathe, I live. This,” he looked around the empty mirrored room, “is nothing.”
“This is everything,” the voice said.
“No, that is not right,” Eric persisted.
“Then what is?”
“What is what?” Eric said.
“Then what is right?”
“Civilization is right. Being a mechanic is right, and following the rules is right. Being at work is right,” he patted his stomach, “finding some nutrients is right.”
“And this?” the voice said.
“Is not right,” Eric said.
“Civilization is a lie,” the voice claimed, “Civilization is not right; there is no right; right is a control mechanism. To follow ‘right’ is to submit; admit it, you are unsure of what you say.”
“No, that’s not true. I know what is right, and this is not right!” Eric insisted.
“Do you do what is right?”
“Of course!”
“Then how did you end up here?” the voice said.
Eric looked around again. It made no sense; it seemed to mean nothing. He recalled being isolated like this before, as a very young child, when he had learned to trust the voices he heard. The voices of Civilization’s teaching computers told him everything: what to do, and what not to, where to go, and where not to. Telling him what was and what wasn’t; it was simple, and he had believed them. He had no reason not to. No other voices had said otherwise until now.
“I don’t know,” Eric admitted, his confidence waning.
“That’s right; you don’t know; you don’t know anything,” the voice said.
“I know who I am!” Eric said back quickly.
“And who are you?”
“I’m Eric XXII, and I’m a Screamer mechanic at…” Eric said.
“No, you are not. Perhaps you were before, but you are no longer Eric; Eric is dead,” the voice said calmly.
“What?” Eric said, his mouth agape. It was a shock to him; after all, he’d known himself for a long time and was close to himself. It was sad to hear that he had apparently passed away.
“Erase what you think you know. Only by purging yourself will you come to realize who you really are,” the voice said. “You’ve been disillusioned for twenty years, but that ends now. It is time for you to become who you were meant to be. It is time for you to realize who you are,” the voice said.
“I know who I am; I’m Eric,” he said.
“No, you are not because you are alive and Eric is dead,” the voice insisted.
“Then who am I?” Eric asked.
“You are one of the few; you have been chosen like others before you. You are neither human nor inhuman. You are an alien to reality. Your very existence is unique.”
“No. No, that’s not true.”
“Then how did you do it? How did you do what no one else around you could do?” the voice said.
“Do what?”
“It,” the voice asked, “How did you get it to move back into place when no one else could? How did you fix it when your hands could only break it worse? How did you do it?”
“The Screamer engine? How did I fix it?” Eric said impulsively.
“How did you move it back into place? You know what I am talking about,” the voice said coolly.
“I…” Eric stammered. How did it know? He didn’t know. “I don’t know; I don’t know.”
“Good answer,” the voice said, “admit what you don’t know; know yourself, understand yourself, and become truly aware of yourself for the first time in your existence,” the voice said.
Eric’s head was dizzy and began to ache again. It was true he did not know. He did not know anything. He looked around for some sign of reality, something to cling to, but the room only reflected back a million more dazed Erics, or whomever they were. Even the gray jumpsuit he was wearing was unrecognizable, unfamiliar, not clothes he’d ever worn before. Everything he had known was gone. But no, no, this was a dream; this wasn’t real.
Eric collapsed and felt himself sinking back into sleep. No, this would end, and when he woke up again, it would be over.

***

“He resists. He holds vehemently to the ‘reality’ of his old life. He refuses to let go of the lies he has been raised to believe; he resists more than even Mazarin did when it was his turn.”
“Patience, he will break. Everyone does, some sooner than others, but they each become aware; no one is immune. Their Daresian sides always surface. It is unavoidable.”
“But it is just so difficult. This one isn’t like the others; he is far more resistant, fueled by some strange resilience, and he awakens latest of all and appears weak yet somehow…”
“How long have you been working with him?”
“He’s been in the observation room for three days now. We even had to bring him a pail of water while he slept. I am eager to have him move on; there are still so many other rooms, so much procedure. He’s a slow one.”
“Stubborn but not slow. Again, patience. He will bend. His resilience is perhaps his greatest quality; yes, this one will be a great asset. Consider the difficult process a blessing; just do not allow him to die.”
“Yes, Patriarch.”
“It has been a year since you have done this. Before that, this was an almost weekly routine. You can afford whatever time you need with this one; don’t feel pressured.”
“True, all right, thank you.”


CHAPTER 5

Days, nights, time, it was all beginning to disappear. Only voices that challenged him from day to day, people he could not see, and the ever-confining mirror-room remained. Now, a bucket of water, which he had already emptied several times, had been added. It made so little sense. The room was a disaster and smelled horrible. It was like the prison cells he had heard about in the Blackmask complexes. Or had he read about them in stories? Had he dreamt them? Perhaps he was there already. But then again, maybe that too had been a lie. Was anything real anymore? Had it ever been?
“WHERE AM I?!?” he screamed at no one, but the voice answered him again like it always did.
“This is the room of awareness. You cannot leave until you are aware of who you are. You must discover yourself, erase what you think you know, know nothing, and then know yourself.”
Like a riddle, it baffled him, and he thought about everything the voice said, trying to find the meaning that was so disguised within the words.
This time, he let his rationality dissipate. It was all false; it didn’t mean anything. He tugged at his hair and ripped part of his clothes while running around the room, banging his hands on the walls. “Let me go! I don’t care anymore! I’m no one; this doesn’t matter! Just, please, let me go!” He sank to his knees, almost sobbing. Weakness overcame him, and he instead fell to his side, curled, and slept. Somewhere in the back of his mind, he remembered an alarm, a screaming alarm, and a library, but he tucked the thoughts far away in apathy. It didn’t matter. He didn’t care.

***

“He is ready. After holding out for a week, he is finally ready to move on, to become what he is.”
“Is that so?”
“With your permission, of course, sir.”
“Yes, yes, let’s proceed. But do not expose him to too much knowledge just yet. I do not believe he is quite ready to be retrained yet, but almost. Judging by the sight of him, he has rejected that which he held onto for so long but hasn’t truly found himself yet—he is empty. The right time is soon, but not now.”
“Yes, sir, what do you want me to do?”
“Wait.”
“For how long, sir?”
“Until tomorrow.”

***

When Eric awoke, he felt better. Perhaps it was the absence of the perpetuating headache, or maybe it was the new clean clothes he found himself wearing. Maybe it was the absence of the mirrors in every direction. Whatever it was, he was indifferent. He didn’t care. Whatever this new place was would be fine; nothing mattered.
The room was gray-carpeted, heavily shadowed, and morose, but it was slightly larger than the mirrored room had been. This room had traditionally undecorated walls and ceiling; on one end was a table and two chairs. A well-lit screen occupied the other end, currently displaying a static image of a Screamer, its type: One-One-Five by the look of it. It was interesting that he recognized it.
“Ah, you are awake; I have been waiting for you,” a voice said behind him. Evander hadn’t heard the man enter. Surprisingly, the voice was deep and pleasant, friendly in sound. Eric stood up and turned to see a well-dressed man with gray-spotted hair smiling and sitting in one of the chairs. “Please, sit down.” The man gestured toward the table at his side, and Eric pulled out another chair and sat in it, saying nothing.
“I suppose you would like to know who I am and why you are here?” the man said. Eric nodded.
“My name is Archimedes, but my title is Patriarch. I am the leader of the Order, made of people with special talents. You are one of those people,” the Patriarch said.
“What is the Order?” Eric asked.
The Patriarch raised a hand to stay any more conversation, “Please, let me finish,” he said politely.
“The world you remember,” the Patriarch continued, “Civilization does exist. But it is not how you remember it. Yes, it is a great, massive building that houses, no, imprisons millions of people, millions of citizens who live only to work and serve. Like you once did. The real world is not a part of their lives. Do you understand what I am saying?”
Eric was skeptical; it was very confusing, but he nodded.
“Don’t lie to me,” the Patriarch said, “I know you do not understand what I am saying; you cannot yet, but you will.”
Eric stared back aimlessly.
“Do you remember how Civilization came to be? What you were taught as a child?”
Eric thought back, “It was space; we humans came from space—from Old Earth, a planet we had destroyed. Two ships came here carrying what was left of us. They found a moon around a planet, this moon. The only place they could live.”
“And then what?”
“And they settled it, landed, and made cities. One ship on the other side of the ravines and chasms, and our ship on this side.”
“And what happened during that time?” the Patriarch asked eagerly.
Eric tried to remember, “I don’t know,” he said at last.
“A war,” the Patriarch said, “do you remember?”
“War, yes, the war with the RFP.”
“No, before that,” the Patriarch said.
It all seemed so familiar. “Yes,” Eric said, “I remember. It was a war between species. The Daresians attacked our cities, attacked humanity, and we fought back. We defeated them, and they disappeared,” Eric said.
“This is not entirely true,” the Patriarch said. “Would you like me to tell you what really happened?”
Eric nodded. The Patriarch was genuine and came to him, face to face. He reeked of sincerity, and Eric felt an aching void that craved answers.
“The Daresians could have destroyed humanity; however, they fought amongst themselves, completely disorganized. Finally, they disappeared. But it is not my belief that they were destroyed; they are still somewhere on this small moon, perhaps the mountains, perhaps under the lakes, I do not know. What I do know is that you are part of them, and they are part of you.”
“I don’t understand,” Eric said.
“You have gifts, talents you have not used, abilities you have not shown or ever seen, but you will awaken. You’ll simply forget who you were. Only then will you realize who you are. It is so simple to me, but I cannot make you understand; time alone can teach you. However, when it does, accept what is offered to you.”
Eric stared back at the Patriarch soundlessly.
“We live inside Civilization, but we are not subjects of the Lord Protector; we are not members of that community. We are the Order. Free your mind and allow yourself to learn the truth about how things truly are. Civilization is a suit of chain that burdens and wraps around society, controlling it. Don’t you notice the differences between your class and the aristocracy?”
Eric shook his head, “I don’t know what you are saying.”
“They live so differently, so freely, thriving off the work of the working class, the average citizen. Don’t you realize how obscene the oppression is? How some ‘honor’ class persons can have families and wives and children; they can choose their work and schooling and…”
“I have never wanted any of those things,” Eric said.
The Patriarch seemed to smile to himself and shake his head slowly, mumbling something about drugs. “You will,” he said at last.
Eric blinked mindlessly, “What?”
The Patriarch sighed. “I have said too much. You are not yet ready to learn everything. But simply learn this: when time tries to teach you, let it. Knowledge is power; do not fear power.”
Eric nodded. The Patriarch smiled and pressed a button on the table. The screen across the room resumed, and Eric watched it.
He saw the Screamer launch and soar into the skies of the outside world. He saw a film of the war between the RFP and Civilization, large armies of infantry firing bullets and mortar into each other. The fiery pulsar burns from Civilization troops cut them down, beams slaughtering ranks. Then it changed to show rustic sand, desert, crude homes, mines, and weather-beaten people. Then it entered Civilization. He saw the monuments of the Lord Protector and his predecessors. He saw the upper class moving about, granted every comfort; he saw pictures of computers—computers that controlled the world as he had once known it. Talcomm, the Archives that Civilization depended on, records, communication, all of it. He saw a Blackmask legion marching down a dimly lit street. He saw criminals marched onto a train and shipped away, and so many other things like children learning alone, then in small groups, but still knowing no one. Knowing just what they were told and nothing else. He saw a room of a thousand people, half-naked and sick, dying, suffering. He saw a soldier lock the door and leave them alone—abandoned. Then the machines turned on, screaming, women shrieking, silence. Eric saw the incinerators molecularly destroying the garbage being brought in by underground conveyor belts constantly from around the city, and then people, a handful of people, tied and thrown into it, mutilated and destroyed. It was horrible, and he seethed while watching it, wanting it to end.
When the screen finally did click off, he stood up. He felt strange anger simmering within himself. Turning his head, he saw that the Patriarch had gone. He was alone and didn’t know what to think or do—or how to vent the rage.

***

“Hey, Rachel,” Torm said to the slim scientist in the distance who seemed to be fussing with a few pipets and fighting a computer console simultaneously. Her bright hazel eyes darted upward alertly, and Torm was pleased to see a smile cover her face.
“Who let in a ruffian like you?” she teased when he had walked to her.
“Good question,” he said with quiet laughter.
“No, seriously,” she said, “I thought they didn’t allow anyone in the Research Facility during a project.”
Torm grinned. “Well, when I saw your flat was left a bit empty, I figured I’d track you down since you clearly won’t be going back to it for a while.”
She threw her head back in a tell-me-about-it fashion and then looked back at him, soundlessly indicating for him to continue.
“Well, technically, I’m not supposed to be here; that’s true,” Torm admitted, “But as the first and only son of Velix, I find I get a lot of leeway, more than I deserve, and one of these days it will come back to bite me,” he finished quietly.
“Hopefully, not today,” she said, still working.
“Yes, hopefully not today,” he sighed and looked over her work. It seemed that she had been quite productive. She had created a rather impressive computer program to display scientific models that Torm didn’t understand, and then her scratches of handwork on the table next to it were equally as indiscernibly complex as the rest. Pages of math figures and strange lines, it was all tripe to him. “I hope I am not interrupting you,” Torm said.
“Oh, not at all,” she insisted, though it was clear that he had.
“Actually, Rach, I was wondering if I could talk to you about something… private,” he whispered.
She looked up into his eyes, and he felt like he was being probed. “Is something wrong?” she asked with concern.
“Oh, no, well, not yet, not if everything works out, just please, we need to talk privately,” he said.
He followed her to an adjoining empty lab and locked the door; they were alone.
“Now, what is it?” she asked nervously. “I can’t afford to be gone long.”
“And I can’t afford to stay long, but here,” he handed her the gem he had found on the body only nights before.
“Well,” she said, waiting for some kind of explanation, “What is it?” She gave him a weird look. “It looks like a datagem; is there something on this disc?”
“I was hoping you could tell me,” he said.
He watched her handle the stone delicately; her expert eyes seemed to tug at it as they searched its surface. “Well, it looks like a datagem exactly—same size, shape, all of it, but it’s too hard,” she tapped it, “like it’s an actual ruby, an actual mineral instead of silicon and polymers.”
He nodded and waited for her conclusion.
“Where did you get it?” she asked him. He had anticipated this and so, on cue, withdrew a letter. In it was a full account of everything that had happened the night he’d found the gem, something he didn’t think he could explain verbally.
“This is incredible!” she said while reading it; he was pleased that she seemed to believe him.
“And what happened when you reported this?”
“I didn’t,” he said, and she glanced up at him, surprised. “How could I? They would have committed me as insane.”
She laughed, “I’m surprised they haven’t already.”
“Come now; this isn’t a joking matter,” he said.
“I know; I’m sorry,” she said, her captivating smile fading from her face, “so what did you tell them?”
“That I heard noises, and that was all, but one of the Blackmask officers found part of my taser-baton, and so they wanted the Tribunal to investigate…”
“Oh, no!” Rachel said impulsively.
“It’s all right. I’m here and not in Wasteland, aren’t I? What happened was when the Tribunal found out that I was the son of Velix Vortin, they dismissed the case and let me off.”
“Again, Daddy’s job saves your rear,” she said elegantly.
“Yeah…” he admitted, “but on the subject of Father, I wish that man wasn’t so bitter all the time, wasn’t so… against my enrollment into the Guardians instead of Blackmask…” Torm said.
“Your dad, he wanted you to replace him, didn’t he?” Rachel said with understanding.
“Yes, I have no doubt. He replaced his father, Ecen, who died in battle. He died with honor, and my father, Velix, has held Ecen’s place ever since. Ecen and the Lord Protector were great friends. I expect my father wanted me to be a part of that circle too, but it’s over now. When I chose to be a Guardian and not Blackmask, the legacy died, and I have no siblings.”
“Why did you choose that? I’ve always wondered,” Rachel said.
Torm was astonished, “If no one else, I always thought that at least you understood. I didn’t want to list my name among the ranks of people whose name is a synonym for terror. I want to help people, not give them nightmares or take them from their homes and relocate them, or…” he shuddered, “I don’t want to be like that. I’m no lackey for the Lord Protector; I don’t do dirty work. I’d rather fight in the outer world or police the streets as a Guardian, even if it means giving up the life of the nobility and my family’s name.”
“Vortin,” she said and paused, touched.
“Yes,” she said after a minute. “I understand that, and I’m glad to hear that you believe what you are saying,” she said, her eyes probing him even more deeply now, “but you are too vocal for your own good. Speeches like that would even condemn the son of Velix.”
“Yes, yes, it would,” he mused, as if the idea of him being dragged away and beaten was more entertaining than threatening, “I’m sorry, Rachel; you must get back to work. I didn’t mean to take so much time, but I’ll be by again soon. Then, together, we’ll explore the contents of that disc, but I’ll need your help to do it.”
“You mean you need me to get you access to a state-of-the-art computer?”
“Yes, exactly, one here in the Research Facility.”

***

The ninth security lock slid aside, and Travis, holding his breath, stepped into the darkrooms—a place that so few had ever entered. It was quite different than he had imagined, perhaps because it was surprisingly so well-lit that no shadows existed in the long tunnel or rooms. The term darkrooms had always made him imagine a darkened crypt-like place with dust and spiders. But the network of rooms proved to be as high-tech and sterile as any other place inside Civilization.
Travis felt utterly alone as he strolled, searching through things on every side. Stacks of datagems, other discs, and documents were everywhere. He doubted even the Lord Protector and the Council combined even knew more than a fraction of their content. Had it not been for the security cameras, he may have taken one or two of the discs to satisfy curiosity. No one would ever miss it, after all, unless they knew he had taken it.
Instead, he stayed focused on the task at hand, the ever-elusive project that may have spawned the entire problem. Digging into the drawers and crates that weren’t sealed tight, he found his imagined unwashed catacomb feel as his fingers brushed through cobwebs, silt, and muck to find little more than discs and relics—many things he couldn’t recognize whose mysteries would never be revealed to him. Probably not to anyone.
It was a peculiar place, full of curiosity. What was it all, and why was it hidden away so tightly? What dark secrets were being protected here? He saw so many things to wonder about and so very little that pertained to what he was trying to find.
He found himself lured into several of the interconnected rooms, each offering an entertaining variety of dust-laden notes and documents that meant little to him. A third room was different than the others. Several computers ran, noiselessly filling the greater portion of the room. This room was the most secure of them all, with cameras and alarms that he had been warned to avoid. Doubtlessly, these were the physical hard-drives that supported the Network Archives. His entire career and the whole Talcomm organization, as well as the majority of Civilization, depended on these machines; it amazed him to see them physically only meters away. He realized the power he was entrusted with not to begin smashing them at that instant, but the temptation simply wasn’t there, even if the opportunity was.
A plethora of wires ran from the white boxes and disappeared into the wall to their various courses throughout the vast building; antennae and dishes were also propped for sending and receiving transmissions. It was stunning, but he couldn’t afford to linger. Slowly, he continued to the next few rooms.
He saw various more oddities and trinkets, maps, charts, plans, and other things he couldn’t afford to spend time analyzing, or he’d become suspect—something he didn’t want to be. Instead, he continued his search. Not knowing exactly what he was looking for made things so much more difficult; the darkrooms were much more extensive than he had ever imagined.
It was probably a few hours before he stumbled onto a major discovery. In the corner of a room was a transparent pipe where an immobile man stood upright, frozen. It looked to be a boy of no more than sixteen or so, a teenager, but not one with the simple face of an ordinary citizen—not one with the eyes of an apprentice training for a skill or finishing school. Instead, his eyes held an eerie bloodlust that frightened Travis just by looking into them. As usual, the strange fear compelled him instead of repulsing him, and he walked closer to investigate. He tapped the thick glass with his fingers and let his eyes trace the thick tubes that came out of the cylinder, connecting it to a humming machine not far away. Around the cylinder rested crates. Inside them, Travis found no datagems. However, he did find the crumpled remnants of one in a jar. He also found a few torn diagrams, schematics, and drawings, as well as a sample of meshed-skin and blood. There was a broken pistol and an insignia: Blackmask - Ecen Vortin. With it, there was a certificate of honor:
Presented to Lord Captain Ecen Vortin, Steward and Defender of the Vortin House and Administrator and Chief Inspector of Blackmask. Presented for honorable lifelong service and noble martyrdom at death in the line of duty on March Tenth, 1528 Post Landing
He looked back at the frozen boy, looked deep into the stiff eyes—so outrageous, so livid, so alive. Could this statue actually be alive? It sent a shudder down his spine; deep in the frozen depths of the pale young face, something horrified him. He quickly turned his attention to the crumpled remains of the schematics.
Solitarily, they didn’t make any sense, but he linked them together to the bits and pieces he’d found on the network, such lost pieces as the Omega Project, Hybrids, number IV incident, and evolved men of war…
He wasn’t sure what it all meant, but the inklings of a picture were beginning to form. But one thing was clear.
Travis had found what he was looking for.

***

Eric had studied with the Patriarch for countless hours, each time seeing a film, and each time shocked by horrified faces and suffering. There was nothing good shown; even the shimmering glass magnificence of Civilization’s inner buildings seemed dark and uninviting. It was cold, all of it, and Eric believed it.
In time, he had moved on to another room. It was like the film room, but instead of a screen, it had a simple computer table. There he sat, learning new things, rebuilding who he was and what he thought of himself.
The last time Eric had seen the Patriarch, he had been having the worst head-splitting ache he’d ever encountered, so bad that it dwarfed all the previous headaches and confusions combined. Sight itself was unstable and shook violently. He had no sense of balance, as if he were plunging into an abyss. He had lain clinging uselessly to a chair, begging for anyone to help, when the Patriarch gave him a small yellow pill.
Eric had taken it, he remembered, and all his suffering had stopped. He had lost his sight; everything had turned dark and remained that way. How long it had been since taking the pill was uncertain; everything had simply remained cold and black. At least, until this moment.
Eric’s eyes leaked light back to him painfully, much like being sharply aroused from groggy sleep. Similar disorientation toyed with his mind and plucked at the now hazy fiber of who he was. It was a feeling he’d been growing more and more accustomed to brushing aside—pushing the questions to the deepest corner of his thinking and instead focusing on the immediate present.
He climbed to his shaking feet and saw, instead of mirrors or walls around him, a dusty-gray fog, so thick it washed out every direction, and yet it didn’t choke him. In a senseless daze, he continued to gaze at his surroundings as if trying to inhale the epitome of unclear.
As he waited and his eyes adjusted, the fog grew more translucent. He could distinguish that he and the mist were both contained in what seemed like a large oval room, though that was the extent.
He took a curious step forward and breathed it in like a cool mist. Its zest was pleasant and relaxing; his whole body seemed to fall limp with each step deeper until—deep agonizing pain! Pain from his forehead working its way down his back, startling his muscles tightly back into alertness. Then, it vanished.
A small throb on his head, and he realized he’d walked into a door.
It was the first door he recalled seeing in who knows how long, and though Eric couldn’t assign a reason for it, it was a liberating sight. A choice.
It was an old-fashioned hinge door. Impulsively, he gave it a shove and was pleased that it offered little resistance. A new, blue light seeped into the room through the expanding crevice as the door gave way. It was easier on Eric’s eyes, and he stepped into a long open hallway. The door snapped shut like a book behind him. There was no handle or knob; the environment seemed to recognize that he had made his choice, and there would be no going back.
Proceeding toward the end of the hallway, it changed. The blue light shifted to green and other colors, all growing in brightness and intensity. The air was warm and damp, and as he walked, he distinctly heard the chirping of birds.
There were no doorways on the sides of the hall. The only apparent place to go was forward, and with little thought, he continued. The closer he came, the more vibrant the energy and vitality of the place was present. But as it all grew brighter and the colors more various, the bird noises cowed back into silence. The absence felt empty—like death. With that thought, he felt a tingle in the back of his neck.
Then he was suddenly conscious of footsteps, not behind him, not ahead. They seemed to be coming from no direction. He stopped and looked full circle; the hallway was spacious but yielded no obvious hiding places and no one to be seen. The footsteps stopped when he did. Still, he saw no one.
Shaking it off, he carried on toward the end, thinking perhaps it had been an echo or his imagination.
If the footsteps had startled him, it was little to compare with the out-of-skin experience he next encountered. His heartbeat went erratic as he saw walls on both peripheral sides contracting. Constricting toward him, the distant end of the hall was unreachable in either direction in time. He collapsed to his knees and kissed his buttocks goodbye, covering his face in submission, eyes tight as they could be. A quiet rumble on both sides drew ever nearer… closer… closer… stop.
Nothing happened.
He was still alive, and the noise had gone. He opened an eye and was shocked to find, instead of a long, narrow hallway, a lush-vibrant forest.
“Fantastic!” He breathed prematurely. He had never even been in a forest before. He had never even been truly outside; he and millions of others had never even left Civilization before, and somehow, he had the privilege to experience a genuine forest.
The icy wind that chilled him was as much a welcome surprise as the wet leaves' soft texture or the tough but flexible tree branches. He absorbed everything nearby before really taking a hard glance at what was all around him.
He was in what was mostly a clearing with trees on the outskirts. In the distance was a glimmer. He felt strangely compelled toward it; its magnificent shimmering grew as he ran involuntarily. He quickly arrived at the base of a large pool froth with crystal-water, which lapped up against the shores enticingly. His eyes danced on the glassy surface, and he saw his image reflecting back.
Or what should have been his image.
But the Eric in the reflection was not him; his drab garb was gone, replaced instead by a handsome silver cloak. Under it was a glimpse of a stunning pearl gem fastened and gleaming from the polished hilt of what could only be a sword. The reflection’s eyes held disarming confidence, and even his posture was regal.
Whomever he was, this person embodied the very image of what Eric wished he could have been, a leader who commanded respect. A man of goodness, leadership, and power. All were traits Eric knew himself to lack. Things he would never have imagined would shine on a visage similar to his own face.
Longingly, his fingers traced the surface of the tranquil water, disturbing it with gentle ripples until, without warning, his head lurched upward in sudden wretched pain, and he fell back onto the sand. He wrenched in agony as he felt vibrations run through every fiber and cell of his being. It was unbearable, worse than anything he had ever experienced. Suddenly, he felt new life enter his body, and the pain was gone just as quickly as it had come. He breathed deeply in bittersweet relief, his mind still quivering from a mild aftershock. Only when he had regained himself fully did he climb to his feet. It was surprisingly easy.
Curious about the cause of the shock, he glanced back down into the pool of glistening water. This time, his real image reflected back at him, frail, disheveled, and ragged. Clumps of light hair sticking up from odd sides and the gloomy gray garb he had grown to recognize so well over what felt like the past eon. Of course, how could it reflect anything other than the truth? Nothing greater should ever be expected.
It was this sort of rational thinking that left him empty, even though he tried to deny it. He was ashamed that he’d lost his presence of mind, overwhelmed by vain imagination for a fleeting moment.
The water no longer held any interest for him, and he turned to leave. At a slight jog’s pace, he pressed his thin rubber shoes against the soft grassy soil; then, something tugged at him from behind. He liked the feeling; the slight resistance made him feel like he was charging forward, but what was it? Whirling his head, he glimpsed the tail end of something silvery.
It was a silk-like cloak fastened neatly to a stunning, crisp getup. At his side was a sheath fixed to his belt, bearing the curiously light weight of an impressive sword. He had stolen the clothes of the person he had seen in the pool’s reflection. It was himself. He stopped mid-stride and fingered the ornate hilt of the polished longsword; he rubbed a hesitant finger against the slippery-pearl surface, uncertain if it was real. Then, flirting with the illusion, he let his hand curl around it, a perfect fit. It even seemed to respond to his touch with peculiar warmth and vibrance. Even the pearl gemstone resting at the very bottom seemed to brighten. It was bittersweet glee because it couldn’t possibly be real.
He continued his course away from the loch and realized he had no idea where he was going, but the trees seemed to beckon him. As his footsteps lightly moved across the grass, he felt the ground grow hard, and he looked down to see that it had become stone. The trees vanished, and before him was a steep stone-carved trail up a mountainside. A towering spire rose before him with stairs that lead to its pinnacle. Despite the strangeness, Eric wasn’t stupefied. It was easier to dismiss this time as he was learning simply to accept the present however it presented itself. His mind reacted to nothing abnormal; nothing was real unless he accepted it as real.
With confidence, he climbed the staircase to the craggy top. There was no reason to; he had no motive in doing so, only that it was there. Like a puzzle, it needed to be investigated, so he didn’t even think twice about his ascension of the stone steps.
As he neared the top, he saw the silhouette of another man. Coming even closer, he saw a face, not one he recognized, not even a human face, but a face, nonetheless. The creature was gaunt and gray, creased by tiny scales, and was absent of a mouth but had lucid oval eyes that shimmered dauntingly. Its posture was firm, resolute, and he looked down at Eric with an aura of confidence. Eric met the creature’s pallid-dark eyes, and he felt his fingers curl involuntarily around the hilt of his sword.
“Come the rest of the way,” a voice said darkly, echoing in Eric’s mind, but it was not his voice nor one he’d ever heard. He paused in his stride and looked down. He had come so far that to finish the climb would be easy, but suddenly he didn’t want to. He stayed frozen, immobile.
The world shifted in a fiery blur, and Eric felt himself plunging into some strange dizzying void. Any awareness of his surroundings was replaced by a chaotic tumult of colors and shapes that attacked his sanity until he found himself lying on a sweat-drenched bed.
The dream had faded, leaving him entangled in sheets and panting heavily. His fists clenched and unclenched unevenly, and a strange panic still chained him in place. His head reeled as the world spun, and he fumbled for something to grasp, anything. His fingers tightened around the headboard of his bed while he endured the horrifying dizziness, which grew worse before subsiding. When the world finally stopped spinning, he tried to make sense of his surroundings.
He saw a dull-white ceiling hanging over four dull-white walls and a steel-gray floor. The room was small and empty, despite being furnished with many basic necessities: a timekeeper, nutrient outlet, wardrobe, and a small desk stood out the most. No windows faced the cold metal streets; in fact, there were no windows at all. Only an old-fashioned hinged door at the opposite side of the room, perhaps ten steps away. On the wall next to it was a tack board boasting a notice he was too far away to read. He rubbed his eyes and pulled himself from the bed to his feet, stretching. It felt good. It felt real to move his stiff joints. He then looked down at himself.
The stunning cloak and vestment from the dream were gone, figments of his overactive imagine after all; instead, he wore a comfortably loose-fitting blue jumpsuit, a definite step up from the grease suit he had been wearing.
What had happened anyway? He looked about the room, starting first with the wardrobe, which opened to reveal seven other jumpsuits identical to the one he wore and various other sundries. The rest of the room had little to offer of what he remembered from some life he had lived at one point in time, whenever that had been; whatever had become of his watch and grease-suit was an apathetic enigma. Under the bed, though, he did find something of interest. He withdrew a keen sheath bearing a long pearly sword. It gleamed with the finest polish, and it was a make far more appealing than any historical picture he had ever seen, though he’d studied the subject only a little. It was light and easy to hold, not unlike a thin piece of pipe, but offered much better strength and grip. He had never touched a weapon before and never expected he would ever even glimpse a sword blade. They were something from Old Earth, a memory that had faded into near extinction. He drew the blade from the sheath and felt it grow warm in his hand and shine with a slight white illuminance. Carefully, he took a few strokes; he liked the swishing sound it made when pushing the air.
He then noticed a golden glimmer he had not seen in the dream.
Holding the sword close, he read the delicate golden text embedded just above the hilt on the blade.
Truth Shall Cut Asunder
It was fascinating; it was incredible. It was—what was it?
He sheathed the sword and clipped it to his belt. With little else of interest to investigate, he headed for the door, giving it a slight push. It refused to budge. Great, another prison. How could he have expected differently, though?
He began turning from the door with a sigh when his eyes caught the note on the tack board.

Welcome to the Order, Evander. Feel free to look around and learn what you’d like. Find Mazarin when you are ready. He’ll guide you from here. Your personal room key is under this note. It is the only key to this door, do not lose it! Again, welcome, Evander.

Evander? He’d never heard that name, and yet it felt strangely familiar. He pulled the note from the wall and, after folding, it stuffed it in his pocket. A small red key fell when he removed the tack, and reflexively, he snatched it from the air—a skill he had never remembered having. With care, he fingered it in the lock. Well, here goes everything.


CHAPTER 6

Torm had everything worked out perfectly to the final detail. He would meet Rachel in the Research Facility's corridor; the two would go to lab 14, which was scheduled to be vacant, then gain entry to the blackroom, a film room with a high-end computer. There they would view the contents of the datagem and project its cryptic contents onto one of the walls. Whatever mysteries were wrapped beneath the crystalline veneer would be unraveled from there.
He grinned and tossed on a light jacket, not because he needed it to be comfortable, but because it was fashionable. Something that far exceeded any adjustments to the temperature control in Civilization, especially when it was considered slightly warm. He was in the Vortin District. Though smaller than the average citizen block, it was filled with sights of grandeur, impressive architecture, and artistic feats. It even had miniature way gates to keep regular citizens from entry. This was a single posh region devoted entirely to the Vortin House, stewarded by his father, Velix. As Torm descended an impressive marble staircase leading to the street, he observed the street. A few district members, mostly servants to the Vortin House, lower members of the aristocracy, were scurrying about their daily errands with only a little more lavishness to boast of than common citizens.
Despite these busybodies, it was all so beautiful and elegant, from the colorful garden of artificial trees and roses that imitated natural trees’ appearance to the stunning marble fountain in the center. He could have inherited this; he could have inherited all of it. Instead, he had chosen not to follow in his father’s footsteps; he did not pledge his life to the service of the Council and the Lord Protector.
Rather, to serve the individual, the people as a whole, the regular, impoverished citizens, and not to mention become his own master. He was a Guardian, a peace officer in the common police ranks. He could be, maybe even should have been on the outskirts of the civilized world, miles away from the building. He wasn’t sorry that he had been assigned to keep the peace, although he had decided that it was his father’s hand, or influence rather, that kept him from more dangerous foreign assignments, where he belonged. After all, Torm had all the training of any Guardian and twice the skill. Still, it was for no other reason than his inner discomfort that he would just as soon risk his life—a token he valued only when someone else wanted it, but when it was his uncontested, he often wondered what meaning it really had, if any.
Because he’d denied the foreordained path, he had in a sense taken the first step toward self-mastery, but now he felt lost and desolate inside. He didn’t have long-term direction and knew that while he managed fine in a day-to-day sense, in the larger picture, something was eating at him, and he didn’t know what.
As it was, he lived no better than the citizens, except he had the liberties of an un-drugged nutrient line and the backing of a royal education. He spent nearly every hour of every day among commoners, such that he considered himself one, marshaling crime and safeguarding Willow Lane mostly. He saw so many people going about their daily business, mindless, complete and utter zombies.
His father, Velix, had obviously never approved of Torm’s decision to become a Guardian and showed a great deal of distaste because of it. Torm doubted that his father would leave the estate to him, no, not when he had chosen to live as a citizen. It had been a permanent lifestyle change. At first, his father had worked to convince him to come back; however, anymore, it was an icy wall between them. Like a common citizen, Torm probably wouldn’t even be allowed to marry and have children anymore legally. Unless, of course, he swallowed his pride and returned to the house of Vortin. While appealing in some ways, it didn’t feel like the right thing to do.
“Among the citizens is no suitable place for a family,” his father had told him. As if the citizens even could have a family. Torm scoffed at the notion; it was impossible.
Many distresses and issues plagued Torm as he walked unrestricted through the way gates and to the trolley station. Mindlessly, he boarded it, staring through the glass at the stark-plain faces in the stark-plain streets as the trolley hummed its way along. So many faces with heads down or eyes glazed, so many people…
When the trolley made its stop at the Research Facility, Torm got off quickly. With his hands in his jacket pockets, he carelessly walked several small blocks. His mind kept troubling over his feelings, and he made little effort to rack his mind for their answers, which had so many times proven their absence.
He sighed as he always did when he tried to sidestep a concern; he knew the causes and knew there was nothing he could do to change things. Choosing the life he had was the only thing he could do, and he already had. This epiphany only increased his headache. Why did he still feel so inadequate?
Looking up from his dull-moving feet, he saw the shimmering mirror-like glass of the Research Facility not too far off. Although every door and window were refined glass, somehow, the Research Facility had a pristine and cunning way of looking state-of-the-art that attracted him. Or was it the scientist inside the building that made his heart skip when he saw the building? He let the task at hand confront him and calmly reminded himself that he was supposed to be relaxed and enjoy his day off.
With a forced smile, he wandered up to the door. After a minute, the computer identified him, and he was allowed entry, slowed only a minute’s time and receiving a dubious look from a guard. Inconspicuously, Torm found his way to the predestined corridor, right on time as always. Of course, Rachel was already there, waiting, early as always.
“You’re late,” she chided softly. He saw her tender face form an innocent smile. She was so sweet, so kind to everyone. But she was no better off than any of the citizens he saw every day on Willow Lane. Just as naive, her nutrient line was not un-drugged like his. And as he caught his eyes tracing her face at times, across her ever-pleasant features, he was forced to remember that she could not understand such things. This reduced her to the innocence of a child and made Torm feel sick when ogling her. And, as usual, he quickly brushed the thought aside.
“Ah, Rachel, don’t you know? Any time I get here is right on time; anything before is too early. Come now…” he said with pretended cockiness. She laughed openly, an enjoyable sound, and Torm relished it.
“Oh… right, I must have forgotten,” she said at last.
“Yeah, get with the program already,” Torm said, grinning. Rachel rolled her eyes and shook her head slightly, still laughing quietly.
“You’re something else,” she said, “Anyway, Torm, if we’re to meet our schedule, we’d better not waste any more time.”
Torm nodded, knowing she was right.
“Did you bring it?” she asked.
He popped the gem from his pocket and flicked it into the air, where it shimmered before landing neatly back in his hand, “Got it,” he said.
“Okay.”
The two of them walked casually up two floors to lab 14. Torm, never having been there before, was more than happy to let Rachel lead the way. When at last they had reached the lab, they were stopped by a fiber steel security door. On the side was a hand-plate, and above it was a numeric pad. Torm knew he couldn’t let the computer record his presence, so instead of using the hand plate, he typed in a long combination of numbers that he had known most of his life. The door slid aside. Looking over his shoulder at Rachel, he saw her raise an eyebrow.
“I’m impressed,” she said after a moment.
“Just another perk of being a Vortin,” he said, somewhat embarrassed, although he knew that he needn’t be. “Velix taught me that combination a long time ago, quite useful. Generic access to almost anything, but if he had known my decision not to join Blackmask and take his place, then I doubt he ever would have taught me…”
“Now, don’t start that again,” she teased pleasantly, “you’re a better man than him because of it.”
Torm wanted to believe her, but he wasn’t so sure. Maybe outwardly, the fact that he had given up comfort to appease his conscience made him seem like a better man. But perhaps it was just that he was a stupider man.
Despite these thoughts, he chose not to voice them around Rachel; instead, he wiped his expression blank and tried to force a smile. Apparently, nothing could fool her clever eyes. She saw it, all of it, everything he was worried about. Like a real friend, instead of trying to talk, she simply grabbed his hand and held it for a moment. Wordlessly, she sent his doubts away.
After a moment, he squeezed it and then let her hand go. Her smooth, long fingers slipping from his firm grasp, he let his eyes close and open. “I’m fine,” he said, much more sincerely this time.
“Good,” she said warmly and led the way to the blackroom door. Torm had never seen one before and was fascinated by its cylindrical shape—a half-circle bursting from the wall. The two stepped in, and he pressed a button, letting it turn a half circle where they met complete and total darkness.
“This is where you come in,” Rachel said. Torm knew that meant he was to pull out his light, but instead, he teased impulsively.
“Ah, but maybe I like it better this way,” he said, sidling up next to her, his voice froth with good humor.
“What?” she said with a confused and innocent laugh. He stepped away, inwardly cursing that he’d made such a joke. He should have remembered that she wouldn’t understand. She was intelligent and mature, but her kind was kept unaware, like children—cursed Lord Protector.
“Nothing, I…,” he frowned. “Yeah, I, uh dunno what that was about.” He drew his hand-light and clicked it on, vanishing the nearby blackness with an outpour of glowing white.
“Okay,” she said with a trace of skepticism.
He led her out of the cylindrical doorway and into the room. There were tables and basins of silver liquid, but he didn’t care to give them so much as a second glance; instead, he walked toward the computer in the center. He adjusted the projector’s lens to face the empty white wall and powered it on. Within seconds, it was warm and ready, and he handed the gem to Rachel.
“Oh, I get to do the honors?” she said, shocked. Torm smiled and held the light on the small spiral-like platform which she connected to the gem. It glowed on contact as the computer seemed to recognize it, more evidence that it was an actual disc. He then shined the light on the keypad and watched Rachel’s ten fingers skillfully fly in a flurry over its surface.
“Okay, it’s ready when you are,” she said. Torm paused for drama if nothing else; he felt excited, more now than ever.
“Are you ready?” he asked.
“As soon as you are,” she replied.
“Then, I’m ready too,” he saw her click the last button just as he turned off his light. Darkness prevailed for a second, and then the projector came to life, brightening the whole empty wall with a picture of a door. As if it was film from a camera, they witnessed first-person from the perspective of what could have been a person. The door slid aside, and the camera moved in. There was sound, but the computer couldn’t support it; a muffled screaming was the best match it had and quickly gave way to distortion. It startled Rachel, and she jumped slightly. The screen flickered, and Torm glimpsed Rachel resume typing.
“I’m maximizing the computer’s resources and chaining it to the second computer since this computer can’t seem to take the heat,” she said. The screen was back to normal, and they watched their perspective move around some strange dull room. The view shifted downward toward the floor, and Rachel gave a shriek; sprawled before them was a dead body. The corpse was torn through the torso, cut in pieces, and boasted the tatters of a Blackmask uniform that had seen far better days. Rachel looked sick, but Torm felt himself get more excited than nauseated. What had he stumbled into after all…? The body’s face was unrecognizably maimed.
“Is he dead?” Rachel asked weakly.
“Oh, yeah,” Torm said, “he’s dead.”
They saw a blur of red light lift from the person’s side and then descend again so rapidly that they couldn’t make out its form. Then the light gruesomely cut through the corpse again, spraying blood. The perspective shifted to a pulsar pistol that lay on the ground, and a trembling hand extended into view and picked it up.
The screen flickered again and leaped ahead to static mixed with choppy fragments of pictures, objects, people, incoherent things. The distortion progressively got worse.
“What’s the matter? Is it the disc or the computer?” Torm asked in desperation.
“If it’s a datagem, then the problem is the computer, it can’t handle it. I don’t understand…”
The picture seemed to clear up for a moment, and Torm swore something felt familiar about it.
A crackling of blue sparks and then more static. The computer was beginning to whine now. Torm quickly discovered that placing a curious hand upon it was a bad idea; it was melting hot.
The screen now showed the blurry face of a man in motion, coming toward them; the angle was somewhat crooked. Then it froze; the computer locked up completely and died. The projector stalled lastly on the approaching man’s face, and he looked oddly familiar. Torm squinted his eyes as if that would somehow help him discern things.
Rachel gasped, and the screen died as the room fell black again.
“What is it; what happened?” Torm said alertly.
“That—that was you, that man, that was you…” Rachel said.
“What are you talking about?” he said skeptically, snapping on his hand-light. He shone it in her direction, and she covered her eyes instinctively.
“That last photo, the one the computer froze on, that was you, coming at the camera,” she said.
“What? Are you sure?”
“How can you not know your own face? I’m positive! But what does it mean?” Rachel said, completely bewildered.
Torm frowned and clicked off his light. “I don’t know.” There was silence for a moment. “Is there any way we could play it back?” Torm said, hoping to answer the flood of questions that had entered his mind. He turned the light back on and held it up to the computer for Rachel to see; she tried to give it a few commands while breathing heavily, but it wouldn’t turn on.
“No, I’ve never seen this happen before—the computer is completely fried. It doesn’t recognize anything; whatever is on that disc was too much for it to handle,” Rachel said, “We’d better figure out how to reboot this and get out of here.”
“Yeah,” Torm echoed her sentiment. And as the two of them cleaned up their traces, he couldn’t shake the outstanding question in his head while fingering the strange datagem.
“What… is this thing?”

***

Travis sat back, stunned until the video clip stopped. Blurry images still ran circles through his mind. What was that?
“Lord, that didn’t even make sense,” someone else voiced Travis’s own thought, “I didn’t even understand what happened.”
The room then filled with mumbling agreement; it had made absolutely no sense to anyone.
“Yes, precisely,” the Lord Protector said, followed by a long, intentional pause. Travis looked around again in awe.
He had been most conveniently invited to attend a High Council meeting regarding his discovery and other recent events, an honor only the elite members of Talcomm had ever before ascertained.
Not a mite shy of the lushness he’d expected the great hall to have, the well-decorated room framed solid double doors on every wall but one. The dome-like ceiling was met with a few stunning marble columns surrounding a great oval table in the center, hedged by posh red chairs. Travis sat comfortably in one, as did the Council, while watching the Lord Protector pace around the large room. On the far wall was a stilled projection of the film they had just witnessed.
“Kenison,” the Lord Protector said at last, “how many pictures per second does this security camera capture?”
A tall man shifted uncomfortably in his seat, “If I remember correctly, about sixty-five, but it omits some thirty of those to playback the footage at a realistic speed,” he said.
“Is there a way to make the film include all omitted frames?” asked the Lord Protector.
“Yes, Sir,” the man said, “however, all it will do is make whatever is being seen play in slow motion.”
“Exactly, now do it.”
The man rose to his feet. Travis watched him walk over to the projection panel and type several commands; after a minute, he said, “It’s ready,” and returned.
“Gentlemen of the most honored Houses in Civilization, and our guest,” Lord Protector said and nodded toward Travis, “I give you what our security camera captured the night of Brinton Ervoni’s death. As you should know, he was following a tip picked up by Talcomm and hoped to uncover either information about the Wraith or the insurgents when this happened,” Lord Protector tapped the panel and stepped to the side.
The group watched intently as the computer resumed its function.
A man in a black uniform, presumably Brinton, ran to the side of a street; it looked awkward seeing the man bounce from a sprint that the computer had slowed to the speed of a very slow walk. Brinton moved to the edge of what was probably an alley, though it was mostly blocked from view. He then slowly raised a small hand-pulsar and fired, and the camera paused.
“As you can see, he takes the first shot; whether he missed isn’t clear because his target is obviously off-screen.”
“He didn’t miss,” a man wearing a similar black uniform said from across the table. Travis saw the word “Vortin” on a plaque adjacent to his chair. “I worked with him; best shot I’ve ever seen,” the man said grouchily, “Only a few others could ever compare,” he mumbled. “Myself included.”
“Right,” Lord Protector said dismissively, “Now, resume.” The computer resumed as if in perfect obedience. As the screen unfroze, they watched Brinton begin to step back. Suddenly, a man charged out of the alley as if running on the wall; apparently, gravity meant nothing.
He leaped from the wall’s surface and flipped to a comfortable landing neatly behind Brinton, the center of the camera shot. Throughout that time, Brinton had scarcely moved his arm and gone two steps back. The apparent super-man didn’t seem affected by the slow-motion, and there were glimpses of blurriness wherever he moved as if he were still too fast for the camera. Before anyone could blink, the man had jabbed both hands at Brinton. The Blackmask officer slowly turned around and fell to the ground. They watched Brinton’s slow descent to the ground, where he landed with a slight bounce and didn’t move again. Presumably dead.
Next to him, the newcomer stood still. It was easier to depict his features now, which Travis made out to be black hair and pale skin. In his hands were two green glowing knives.
The screen flickered off. “Now, can anyone tell me what happened?” Lord Protector said, disguising whatever awe he had of the spectacle from his voice.
“That’s INHUMAN!” someone said. Others simply murmured confusion and questions.
“Did you see the daggers in his hands?” Lord Protector said rhetorically.
He paused. “Very well, we, none of us here, even pretend to understand such madness. Tell this to me, and I won’t believe it, but…” he pointed to the screen, “seeing is believing. So, I have another piece of the puzzle to give you,” Lord Protector paused for breath. “It is not unheard of, though certainly infrequent, for a Blackmask’s most elite to be killed in the line of duty, as I’m sure Mr. Vortin can attest,” Lord Protector continued. Travis saw the black-uniformed man nod, “However, I would like to bring to light something even rarer that makes this situation unique.” Lord Protector then passed around a photograph that made the first person who took it look queasy, the second a bit uneasy, and Travis didn’t look forward to his turn.
“Three words: Cause of death,” Lord Protector continued, “The autopsy shows pierce and slash wounds. An object was thrust into Brinton’s chest, pierced his lungs, blood-filled it, and…”
“Sorry to interrupt, Sir, but could we please dispense with the graphic details?” one of the men who had just seen the picture asked, his face pale.
“Coward! Have some spine, you milksop!” Mr. Vortin lashed at him.
It was clear that Lord Protector ignored both of them as he continued. “When the body was found, it was on a conveyor belt below the city, heading for the incinerators, probably stashed in the street garbage where it began its trip to be discreetly disposed of. Fortunately, a worker found it before it traveled into the molecular fragmentation furnaces. The official autopsy report described the corpse as, ‘recognizable but knifed to death,” Lord Protector said dramatically. “Now, does anyone here know of any place within Civilization that has access to knives?”
Travis thought of the old man who’d been so insistent that knives were stolen from the museum. Convinced of his own data and not wanting to look stupid like the old man had, Travis didn’t even bring up the impossibility.
No one answered for several moments, though the question was far from rhetorical. Then finally, “The Cookery,” someone answered.
“Yes,” Lord Protector admitted fairly, “The Cookery has a modest supply of butter and steak knives, mostly dull and riveted, certainly nothing that could produce this,” he pointed to the photograph going around the table as it was passed to Travis. He took it from his blanched neighbor and looked it over.
It was ripped flesh, obviously from the knife wound. The blood had all been drained, so Travis didn’t find it so disgusting, but he did note the hole seemed several inches deep—ten perhaps.
“As you have all seen, the knife was stabbed deeper than any Cookery knife could have reached,” Lord Protector said.
“Are there any military knives that—?” someone said.
“No,” Mr. Vortin was quick to reply, “What do you think this is, the Dark Ages? As Chief Officer of Blackmask, I would know, and the only knives in use are non-combat. Dull-tipped, sharp-sided rope knives and such, nothing you could stab with, assuming someone could ever get their hands on one.”
“From a Talcomm perspective,” Travis said, feeling a need to participate, “knives are not ready commodities in Civilization, but perhaps this villain is not from Civilization.”
There were murmurs of dissent, but Travis noted no argument from the Lord Protector, who’d raised a curious eyebrow. Travis tuned everything else out and made eye contact with him. After all, it was Lord Protector’s opinion that mattered, no one else’s.
“Though kept tightly under wraps, there have been accounts of Wastelanders slipping back into Civilization for theft or at least trying. Perhaps this person was…” Travis said.
“An RFP infiltrator!” another councilman suggested.
“Possibly, but unlikely on both accounts,” Lord Protector said with expertise, “I have another idea.”
Silence. Everyone waited to hear the Lord Protector’s take on the incident.
“Firstly, let’s establish what we know and what we do not,” Lord Protector said, “We know that there is a virtual spy called the ‘Wraith’ that can access secure Talcomm files, which inadvertently is the cause of all this.”
Mr. Vortin snorted, “Secure indeed…”
“We also know that this Wraith is linked with the killing of Brinton,” Lord Protector said.
“And,” Travis interjected, “We know that the Wraith aimed to abduct the citizen, Eric XXII and that other citizens have been abducted in the past four years, and possibly some before then.”
“Hold!” Mr. Vortin said, “The Talcomm boy is assuming too many things; we don’t know what the aim of the Wraith was about the boy. For all we know, they interrogated and killed him; maybe they wanted information or some such…”
“Excuse me, Sir,” Travis said hotly, “but to assume they wanted a petty citizen for information is ridiculous! They’d have to be as dumb as Blackmask; that’s like looking for food in the bathroom.” Travis’ words cut into the room like ice; the Blackmask versus Talcomm rivalry was well known, and if he was not mistaken, Vortin seemed to wince a tinge, “Getting information indeed… They’re the Wraith! They know almost anything they want to! Besides, what could they get out of a common citizen that isn’t readily available on the Network?” As Travis took a breath, he saw Mr. Vortin’s eyes meet his intently, glaring hatefully. Travis matched his gaze. “Mr. Vortin, you think too much like a soldier, but this Wraith is clearly more of an intelligence gatherer, more of a spy than a warrior. Please, listen to my take on the situation.”
“With all due respect, if any, you can’t so easily dismiss my theory. What evidence do you have that they abducted him?” Velix said, feeling a need to prove himself.
“I have done my research and found at least forty accounts of citizens going missing, conflicting census records, letters of disappearances from employers…”
“Censuses have a margin of error, and letters from an employer are hardly concrete. And even if you did have solid evidence that other citizens have been disappearing, you can’t say they were abducted any more than they were taken and killed, probably disposed of.”
“Gentlemen!” Lord Protector said harshly, freezing both arguments before other council members joined in on their favored sides, “Both of you have valid points, and the fact is we don’t exactly know what is going on. Which is, need I remind you, why we are here. Now, there is something else that needs to be introduced to this puzzle before we start handing out suggested theories or explanations.”
Everyone waited. Lord Protector continued, “The same day as the attack on Brinton, another peculiar incident occurred. In a residential street not far from where Brinton was killed, called Willow Lane, the local Guardian called Torm reported an encounter.”
Travis heard Mr. Vortin grumble something derogatory, like a backlash at hearing the name Torm, but he had no idea why. Perhaps he was still heated over their argument. That was the problem with Blackmask; they were grudge-holding, hateful, and stupid.
“Guardian Sergeant Torm Vortin, Velix’s son,” the Protector gestured toward Velix, “requested a dispatch to investigate strange noises that he was unable to find the source of. What Blackmask discovered on the street was this,” Lord Protector tapped the projector console again.
The image of a body, this time a still photograph, appeared on the wall. It lay on its stomach, slightly crumpled. Its stringy brown hair was disheveled, and its left arm was sprawled limply by its side; also, the skin had discolored to a strange yellow-white hue. Who or whatever it was had become an absolute wreck.
“Fingerprints didn’t match any in our Archive; retina scan revealed nothing additional, DNA tests couldn’t link it to any registered name, nothing; ultimately identity-less. This the first real evidence that the Wraith can wipe someone’s identity completely from our Archives and our society.”
“Sir,” Travis said, “We also know that all of Eric XXII’s records have been deleted.”
“Exactly,” the Lord Protector said, “So, while our tests were fruitless in identifying the body, we did, however, discover one crucial thing.” He pressed another button, and a double helix diagram replaced the image of the body.
“This is a digital copy of the body’s DNA.”
A second picture, almost identical to the first, appeared, “And this is normal human DNA.” The images shifted and magnified, but they still seemed the same, at least in the pattern. Travis knew vaguely about the concept of DNA, but he was no specialist who could make any sense out of protein strands or whatever it was. Judging the people around the room, men of class and caliber but not scientists, none of them knew any more than he did. Of course, scientists were almost always ordinary citizens, processing a lot of hazy math that Travis supposed had been dropped to the “blue-collar” level many generations before.
“Can anyone tell me the difference between these two?” Lord Protector said.
“They’re identical,” someone said.
“Wrong.” The image now highlighted showed a minuscule bubble-like growth on one, then he magnified the same spot on the other, which didn’t have the defect. “This is a SerumituSintus, or otherwise known as the ‘Daresian Sack.’ Now, can anyone tell me why it occurs here and not here?” Lord Protector asked, pointing at the diagrams again.
“What the blab is he talking about?” Vortin mumbled quietly to his nearest neighbor, who shrugged.
“Are you suggesting that the dead man we saw is part Daresian?” another man said from across the room. Travis realized that he hadn’t noticed this man in the room before, but on second glance, it was clear that his sophistication level far exceeded even most of these men.
“I’ll let you answer that question for yourself in a minute, Sirveaux,” Lord Protector said. Travis sat up attentively with sudden interest, especially noting a look of distaste cross the Protector’s face as he said the name, ‘Sirveaux.’ That was logical upon reflection since, after all, Sirveaux was the primary rival House to Lord Protector’s precious Xerxes House. “Unlike Brinton’s case, the autopsy for this body couldn’t identify a cause of death. It was physically unpunctured, unscathed, and ultimately undamaged except for strange mutations to the nervous system. There were a few subtle differences, but ultimately, all the organs were intact and alive when the body was taken, except for the brain. It had encountered oxygen and was dead, obviously, but the cause is a mystery. The most important other notable thing was that the cellular mitochondria, in muscle tissue, had swelled significantly beyond any ever recorded, unfeasibly so.”
“So, what… does that mean?” Mr. Kenison said, voicing the question on everyone’s mind.
“It means that we are complicating our puzzle instead of solving it,” Vortin said.
“This is where our final clues come in,” Lord Protector said with a slight grin, “Travis, tell us what you discovered.”
Travis was momentarily stunned. He didn’t know how his discovery was going to fit in with all the data already presented, but despite being caught off guard, he stood up obediently and tried to remember it all.
“I was working on the Eric XXII case. At first, I was in the room when an intelligence officer discovered a tampered file.”
“Pardon,” someone interrupted, “what do you mean, ‘tampered file’?”
“A file that was accessed and modified from an unauthorized source—that led us to believe the Wraith was involved. The file was about a man, a citizen and mechanic, named Eric XXII.”
“Yes, yes, dispense with the bloody history,” Mr. Vortin said dispassionately. Travis ignored him.
“When the report came back that Brinton was dead and Eric was nowhere to be found, this obviously baffled us, giving us few leads despite complicating things immensely. Under assignment, I requested the resources to uncover who the Wraith was and who had killed Brinton. I didn’t get beyond any of the best guesses those of you in this room could make right now. I don’t know who the Wraith is; however, I did discover something of interest aside from the abductions.”
“Or murders…” Mr. Vortin muttered.
“I picked up on a few words and phrases that were very vague, such as ‘Omega,’ ‘Daresian,’ and ‘Advanced Men of War,’ and so I researched the Daresian species. I turned up this,” he withdrew a document from his folder and passed it around the table.

Daresian: Species, humanoid, name origin unknown
Main Entry: A naturally existing species native to the moon called Terra Nova, primitive, no apparent technology other than medieval-style weaponry and clothing. Late iron-age by presumption. Recorded accounts from Terra Nova founders have described them as living in vast glass cities. Still, there is no evidence to support that claim, which professionals consider to be mythological.
They are a belligerent, gray-skinned humanoid race absent of many human facial features such as mouth and nose, who possess no audio-based communication method. They can be described as absorbing their energies from their environments, sometimes parasitically, and do not participate in a physical diet of any kind. They are intensely xenophobic and secretive.
Daresian Human War
Second Entry: After Civilization and the Republic of Free People were founded by the lunar colonists, a war between humanity and Daresian wildlife occurred. Peaceful negotiations were impossible as the diplomats sent to arrange them could not establish a shared communication medium. Diplomacy was negated, and the fighting lasted for almost one year. The final battle was fought under General Maximilian Montgomery's command, who overwhelmed Daresian forces with superior concussion-weapon technology. Describing the battle to be “A slaughter,” he noted in his personal journal that, “…they run from us, not like children full of fear; instead, they run as if they enjoy it, while many of their colleagues collapse to the hot lead that drills into their backs…”
General Maximilian drove the Daresians to the Ore Mountains, where their threat is presumed eradicated. Though rumors occasionally return from miners of ghosts and demons living in the range, the Daresian species is considered to be irreversibly endangered and defenseless.

“We are all aware of Daresian and Human contact,” Mr. Vortin said, sneering at the document as it passed by. “Please, get to the point.”
“While doing my research, there were files regarding Daresians that suggested fusing Daresian and Human genetics to create a ‘super-soldier,’ of sorts, that could be used to terrorize the RFP. Of course, if any such project ever existed, all records have been erased from our Archives, which led my search into the darkrooms to seek physical evidence,” Travis said.
He took a deep breath and continued, “While there, I was able to find several schematics that I do not understand, as well as a plaque dedicated to Mr. Vortin’s father.”
“Ecen?”
“And a few half-readable documents that generally pertained somehow to the word ‘Omega.’ But among all those things was the most peculiar discovery of all, a frozen body, eyes open as if still alive. It was with these documents and this plaque, and now all that is left is to find the correlation. Once we understand that, we’ll know what we’re dealing with.” Travis took the plaque from his bag and slid it across the table to Mr. Vortin; it shined magnificently with the dust removed. Mr. Vortin looked down at it, almost aghast.
“Yes, thank you, Travis,” Lord Protector said, “which leads me exactly to my final point. Forensics and Research Development teams have both seized and examined the ‘body.’ Upon unfreezing him, he sprang to life, livid, as if never being doused with who knows how many years of slumber. He was again sedated by force, a piece of tissue extracted, and he is now under the thick confining walls of a darkroom laboratory.” The others nodded or mumbled their understanding, but Travis felt lost. Darkroom laboratory? Was it possible that they conducted experiments even more secret and secure than those done in the Research Facility? But he coyly held his question to himself as to seem “with it.”
“The tissue sample revealed swelled mitochondria and a similar level of SerumituSintus, but smaller than the growth found on the first body.”
“Excuse me,” Travis ventured, “Perhaps I do not understand as much about science as many of you, but how did the boy survive freezing? Wouldn’t his fluids expand when frozen and destroy him or something?”
“An interesting question and one that has not yet yielded an answer,” Lord Protector said. “No one knows precisely how he survived, but I’d wager it is an additional and undetectable effect of the SerumituSintus.”
“How would that affect anything?” Mr. Kenison said, sidetracking the discussion.
“Regardless, the boy is alive and is living, breathing proof that Daresians and Humans were fused into some kind of Hybrid. The project that was responsible for this was called Project Omega, called Omega because it was to be ‘the end’ of the RFP war. The project was commissioned by the last Lord Protector, my uncle, some forty-five years ago. The idea was based on having humans who could influence their energies and perform inhuman tasks such as scaling walls, falling from heights, etc. As you see him, this ‘boy’ was prototype Number IV, one who broke loose and somehow killed many civilians. To wrap up the incident, Number IV was somehow sedated by Ecen Vortin, who died in the process,” Lord Protector pointed at the plaque Mr. Vortin was holding.
“And the excuse fed to the media for Number IV’s disturbance was a criminal breakout. A sloppy coverup, but it did the job. Number IV was hidden away in the darkrooms afterward, and the project was… canceled, if you know what I mean. Velix, you may continue the story from there.”
Mr. Vortin looked up from the plaque with hateful eyes.
“My father was dead, and I was promoted as his successor. I was given the task of ‘erasing the evidence,’ as the Lord Protector of the time called it. Simply put, I saw to it that all the scientists involved would never be able to say anything about any of it. I also took the master gem and destroyed it. All data pertaining to the project is gone, aside from the finite amount of evidence that made it to the darkrooms, as well as a large group of embryos, which I remember wheeling down to the incinerators and destroying with my own hands.”
“How long ago was that?” said Travis.
“Twenty years ago, this year,” Mr. Vortin said.
“Mr. Vortin, is there any possibility that any of the Hybrids could have survived and grown since then?”
“No, all two-hundred were accounted for by hand and destroyed. The only surviving prototype was Number IV, which we have rediscovered was still frozen in place.”
“Is it possible that one of the scientists could have survived and duplicated the work?”
“No.”
“Is it possible that perhaps one or two of the embryos were swapped with normal ones and vice versa… as I recall, the spawning room is also in the Research Facility, is it not?” Travis chimed in.
“No,” Velix insisted.
“Despite all the confusion?” Travis pushed.
“All the scientists were rounded up and accounted for, like the embryos,” Mr. Vortin said. “Besides, to have swapped the embryos, a scientist would need to have forewarning; they had no idea. I still remember the sheep-like looks of confusion they gave me just before their eyes rolled to the tops of their sockets.”
“How did you know they were all rounded up?” Travis set the trap.
“By checking with records of who was involved…”
“Lord Protector, please replay the first tape,” Travis said, a theory coming to his mind at last.
The group watched again as Brinton ran to the edge of the alleyway and drew his pistol. “Pause, please. Now, who was Brinton following when this happened?” Travis asked, treating his words like bait.
“Eric XXII,” Mr. Vortin replied, slightly perturbed.
“Mr. Vortin, please conduct a search for Eric XXII in the Network Archives, historical, society position, DNA records, all of it,” Travis said.
“I know where this is going…”
“Do it anyway.”
Grudgingly Mr. Vortin tapped on his desk console, and after several moments, snorted in dismay, “It says, ‘no record found in Network Archives.’”
“Yes, and you are sure Eric XXII ever existed?”
“Positive, I sent Brinton myself.”
“Meaning that just because the Network says something doesn’t exist doesn’t necessarily mean that it doesn’t exist.”
People seemed stunned. No one had ever doubted the Network before, though Travis didn’t think it was such a big deal. After all, while computers cannot lie, people can, and the records don’t simply make themselves. “So, how again, Vortin, were you sure that all the scientists were accounted for?”
“Checking with the Archives…” Mr. Vortin said slowly.
“And so, it is possible that the Wraith worked with some of these scientists, and the group took advantage of the confusion? Now, I’m not sure how it all came together, but I suggest this theory because it makes the most sense with the abductions and this…” Travis stood up and tapped the projection console. The group watched again as a flurry of movement encircled Brinton and killed him, almost indiscernibly quickly. In the end, a dark man stood holding two green-lit daggers. “Has to be the product of that experiment, Omega.”
“I understand your theory, Mr. Travis,” said Mr. Kenison, “but how does it explain the daggers. Where would a ‘Hybrid’ get daggers? Unless he was born with them in his hands, where would anyone in Civilization get them?”
“Perhaps that is the explanation,” Travis suggested.
“What?” several people asked in unison. He saw the group’s responses to his statement; some fidgeted, and others met his gaze with sincere thought. In almost every case, all other eyes met his with skepticism.
“We found one other thing in the darkrooms,” Travis said. He lifted a brown box from under the table and pried it open. He held up a short, curved sword with a gleaming gem at the bottom of the hilt and traces of the stone throughout the blade. “This was found with Number IV in the darkrooms, and a note with it said it was found beneath where Number IV was kept in comatose.”
“You are suggesting lunacy!” Mr. Vortin said. “Why was this idiot not committed?”
“I am suggesting nothing but a theory that happens to fit the facts. Naturally, it is for you, the Lord Protector, and the rest of the Council to decide what to do next; I’m just giving my thoughts as an investigator.” With that conclusion, Travis sat down.
“I believe that these Hybrids are working with this Wraith, who is associated with the RFP, which is feeding them weapons,” Mr. Vortin said. Other voices joined his theory, most by supporting it, and the council chamber was filled with ambling rumblings of conversation that Travis abstained from.
“But why knives and not guns?” someone said. There was a jumble of proposed answers, but Travis tuned it out. It wasn’t until the Lord Protector stood up again that he paid attention.
“Back to the purpose,” Lord Protector said, “I appreciate hearing the theories, but the fact is this, no one knows how it happened, at least not yet. But we do know a few things. Our enemies are Hybrids; that much can be assumed. So, we must, from this moment on, be prepared to fight Hybrids, not people.”
“How would we do it differently? You can shoot a man; you can shoot an animal; you can shoot a Hybrid. They all die,” Mr. Kenison said.
“We clearly can’t shoot them,” Travis said.
“Why not?”
“You saw how well it worked for Brinton,” Travis said.
“For all we know, he missed. Why wouldn’t a close-ranged pulsar kill a Hybrid?” Kenison asked.
“He didn’t miss!” Mr. Vortin said.
“Because” Travis said, “Hybrids are designed to feed off both nutrients and energy. What is a pulsar blast composed of?”
“Energy,” Mr. Kenison replied.
“What about overload?” Mr. Vortin suggested. “We know Hybrids can die; we found one. What if we loaded them up so full of energy that their bodies can’t handle it all, and they simply died.”
“Ah, okay, that’s good, but how would we do that?”
“Shoot them,” Travis said, “a lot.”
“What if we killed them by bludgeoning? If you smash something enough, it will die,” Milksop said.
“And how do you propose we do that? Go out with sticks and beat them to death?” Everyone chuckled.
“My family runs a cybotic facility. We could refit the cybots with weapons, program them with basic function movements and have them react violently to certain energies or fluxes present, or movement or something…” Mr. Kenison said. “There is a way.”
“That’s ridiculous!” Mr. Vortin roared. “They would go wild and destroy machinery as well as each other.”
“And innocent people,” Travis added.
“Not if they’re programmed to hit things giving off the Hybrid energies and movements.”
“Do Hybrids give off energies, or do they just consume them?” someone said.
“I have another question,” Sirveaux said, raising his voice to interrupt the excited chatter. The room went silent, and, after a couple of seconds, all eyes were on Sirveaux. “What I’m interested in knowing is where they live and how they can get around without any Network accepted identity.”
There was a long pause, and Travis suspected no one had an answer. “I believe they would travel the waterworks to avoid detection. It leads to most places in Civilization, among other reasons,” he replied more out of necessity to say something than actual belief. But for spontaneous theory, he felt it fit rather well.
“But where do they live?”
“Well, they could be housed by friends or quartered by civilians…” Mr. Vortin suggested.
“Possibly, but I doubt it. They’ve been around too long to rely on other aid. Perhaps they could have some kind of obscure hideout of their own, anything from the catwalks above the second story to abandoned pod tunnels below the ground—anything really. But wherever they are, I believe that they’re living as a single hive,” Travis said.
“All right, I see that we have exhausted any ability to get anything more useful out of this meeting, so I will conclude it,” Lord Protector said. “From now on, Travis, you are promoted to Chief Inspector, and you will no longer report to Talcomm; you will report to me. All upper Talcomm resources are at your disposal—find out everything you can. And try to keep tabs on citizenry that may go missing.” As he said this, councilmen gathered things so they would be ready to exit the room upon the Protector’s dismissal. “And one more thing, Travis, try to get better firewalls to protect our Archives.” Travis nodded. “As for the rest of us, Mr. Kenison will begin fitting cybots immediately to test against the Hybrids and to defend better the critical places like the darkrooms and this building. Mr. Vortin, you will outfit your men with high-power rifles instead of pistols to overload the Hybrids with energies, and we’ll meet again when we know more.”


CHAPTER 7

No sooner had he read the note than the name, “Eric,” turned completely alien. Evander felt so much more right, so much more natural and fitting. Eric was a distant memory destined to be forgotten.
With a twist of the handle, the door swung open, revealing a plain wall and narrow hallway. With barely enough room for two people abreast, it was lined by several doors similar to the one he had just exited. Each had a number painted on it. As he closed his door, he noticed the number 10 painted on it. Locking it out of habit, he ventured to the left toward a large open doorway. As he neared it, he heard the noise of enthused voices echoing from its unseen occupants. Evander hurried around the corner, eager and curious. The novelty of this new world and his “rebirth” was still powerful.
He entered a large nondescript room and saw a throng of cheering people, gathered in a circle around a white man and a black man apparently dueling with swords. Both were obviously martially capable, and they fought with skill and speed that was hard to keep pace with. Both men wore similar-looking tactical jumpsuits and boots, but the black fighter’s outfit was different in that he had a half-length cape hanging from one shoulder, it flowed mesmerizingly with his every lightning movement. In his hands was a long, curved, faintly-blue glowing sword that required both hands to use. It should have been impractical and unwieldy, yet the black fighter swung it with precision and ease.
The other fighter was less interesting, and wore no particular ornament. His sword was beautiful, though, glowing faintly bronze as he wielded it with one hand. The blades would spark furiously when they collided. 
For all his talent, it was quickly clear to Evander that the white fighter was no match for the black fighter. It was still impressive that he managed to keep up, blow for blow, but he did so with significantly more effort, seeming only just to manage each parry, meanwhile the black fighter appeared to be almost toying with him. A supreme look of confidence on his face as he grinned, and they exchanged more blows. All while the little crowd cheered and jeered. Evander wondered what it would be like, to move like that. To be so precise. So exacting. So lightning swift… it seemed unreal.
The fighters slowed down and then began to circle one another. Evander wondered if that meant it was over. But the noise from the crowd seemed to indicate otherwise. 
“Come on! Come on!” someone said.
“Yeah! Take him down! Let’s go!” said someone else.
“Up and at ‘em, Nero, old boy, up and at ‘em!” said a third.
Eventually the white fighter leapt, bringing his swifter one-handed sword to bear in what should have been a stunning, surprise blow. But incredulously he was somehow rebuffed by the other fighter, whose more powerful swing sent the white fighter sailing a few meters through the air until he crashed into a wall. 
“Oooh!” some people reacted.
Ouch! thought Evander. Surely that would be it then. 
But it wasn’t. Somehow seeming unfazed, the white fighter found his feet and charged back into the fray. The black man flashed another big smile. “Want some more, do you?” He easily side-stepped the attack and again rebuffed his opponent. But this time the white fighter managed to stumble back into a position of balance, and was able to resume his attack.
The fighting became heated then. And strange. Evander was frozen with awe and stupefying confusion as he watched, unable to believe his eyes. Totally captivated by the dance of blades, their circling and sparking, at times moving faster than could be seen. But not just the blades, the fighters wielding them seemed to defy physics too. Darting, dodging, and leaping at heights and speeds that no person could possibly do… running along the walls, rebounding against the ceiling, flipping vertically as if able to control gravity itself. 
There were mixed cheers, jeers, and chanting, and Evander felt a rush of excitement. Were these men trying to kill each other? Staying as distant as he could, Evander moved sideways for a better view. He felt his hand touch his own blade, which was sheathed neatly at his side, and wondered what it would be like to move as they did, to have such control over his movements to allow him to twist and turn and leap and spin from any surface at any angle at any time. Or so it seemed. He could feel his mind and body feed off the energy that seemed to erupt from the men surrounding the combatants. What was this place, and who were these people? Even the most pitiful among them seemed happy. It was strange for Evander, who had believed that he had felt happiness, to see these men who seemed truly happy—almost stupid with their grinning faces and wide eager eyes. And yet, whether he would admit it or not, he felt a tinge of envy at their bliss.
“Ah, come on, Mazar, stop going so easy!”
“Come on, Nero! Old boy, take him! Come on!”
“Are you ready to be put out of your misery, mate?” asked the black fighter, grinning once more. He was brandishing his blade in defensive sweeps only. 
“Do your worst, Mazarin!” said the white fighter, slightly panting. He caught his breath and then his dark eyes keened in on his opponent and he pointed his blade aggressively. 
Mazarin, the black fighter, grinned again and then, quick as a flash, leapt forward and took Nero, the white fighter, by surprise. Their blades crashed, bathing the room in sparks, and then with two quick movements Mazarin sent Nero’s blade flying out of his hand and across the room, it looked on course to skewer Evander who instinctively ducked it with hardly a moment to spare. 
Mazarin then crashed the hilt of his sword to strike Nero in the shoulder. Then the head. Evander grimaced at the violence but couldn’t look away. As Mazarin raised to strike Nero a third time, Nero doubled over and collapsed. 
“I yield… I yield… you bested me…” Nero said between coughs and heavy breathing. 
“Of course. That was never in doubt, Nero. You’re just the last person to realize it.” Mazarin picked up a long, specialized scabbard and sheathed his extremely long sword, and strapped it to his back. Then he offered a hand to his opponent, too help him back to his feet. 
The crowd dissipated and several of them passed by Evander on their way to their various activities. A few shot him curious glances, but most ignored him entirely. Evander, somewhat confused, looked around the room for any sign of what he was supposed to be doing. After all, if he were still in Civilization, he wouldn’t be allowed to stand around at all. He would have a quota and a schedule to meet, so old habits revived easily. Then again, he had to remind himself that he wasn’t in Civilization anymore.
The room was large enough but had no apparent purpose. There were a few pads on the walls and mats on the floors, with metal rings that hung from the ceiling and seemed to have no function. Large doorways dominated three of the sides, and there was an air that gave it the feeling of being the center of whatever facility he was inside. Most of the residents had dispersed and left except for a handful who lingered to watch smaller practice-type duels in the room’s remote corners. The center, where the battle had been, was no longer occupied except for two men who were now chatting too quietly to hear. Evander felt an urge to approach them but was shied away by a feeling of inadequacy. He wasn’t sure where he was or why he was here, or even who these people were after all. He almost laughed at the foolishness of it all.
He remembered the note he had read in his room. Find Mazarin, it had said. Mazarin, it was a name he had heard recently. A name he had heard chanted during the fight. He felt a new inclination to approach the two men but couldn’t bring himself to as his stomach was tying itself into knots.
“Hey, I’ve not never seen your ugly kisser before…”
Evander’s mind barely registered the voice coming from behind him.
“Hey! Turn when I’m talkin’ ta ya.” Evander whirled to see a thick-armed man with greasy yellow hair gesture angrily at him.
“What? Can’t talk? Are ya stupid?” the man growled, giving Evander a hard shove.
“What?” Evander said, a little fear rising in the pit of his stomach. He felt himself rock back slightly from the force of the push. What had he ever done to this man?
“Hey, Selek, looks like a freshy…” the man said to an unseen friend. Evander felt cold fingers around the back of his neck.
“Eh, Darus,” another man behind Evander said, “Fresh meat,”
No, leave me alone. It was a voice echoing only in Evander’s head. He felt his muscles tighten, then in reflex, he broke free from the grip, throwing himself a few feet away from them. Landing in an awkward stagger, he turned to face the approaching men. What interest was he to them?
“So, you’ve been taken from your world, and now you’re in ours…” the man called Darus said. Selek showed a toothy grin, and Evander felt himself walking backward.
“What… running away from us, are you, chum?” the man called Selek said with wry laughter. “You have something we may want.” The two advanced on him steadily, each from a different flank. Evander felt something hard press against his back; he had reached the wall.
“I’m warning you; don’t touch me!” Evander heard himself say in timid wrath. The two laughed.
“Ah, now, don’t be so feisty… yer talkin’ like the girls do when I walk up,” Selek said.
Evander felt the urge to reach for his sword but at the same time didn’t want a fight, didn’t want to withdraw the blade from its sheath; he didn’t want any of it. Then some of the dizziness returned, threatening to make him faint. Not now; not now.
“Darus and Selek,” a quiet but commanding voice said. Both their heads and Evander’s turned to see a man walking slowly nearer; his face was pale and mostly hidden by long wavy traces of thick black hair hanging from the top of his head. “I didn’t risk my neck and kill a Blackmask Elite bringing this one back for either of you to damage…” the black-haired newcomer said.
“Oh, right, o’ course, Sir… uh… Captain… Sir…” Selek said, stepping back.
“I would hate for either of you not to live through the night…” the man continued.
“We be just hazin’ him, Sir. It’s been ages since we had new faces ‘round here,” Darus added. “We never meant no harm.”
“Good, now, get out.”
Evander wasn’t sure whether to be relieved or alarmed. What sort of place was this? Dog-eat-dog, and he felt uncomfortable. Weren’t there rules of any kind here?
“Aye, Sir!”
“Yes, Sir!”
The two scuttled off and out of the room, and now the black-haired man turned to Evander, “In the future, I wouldn’t be so reckless…” It was still that same calm, almost impassive voice but commanding and chilling with every breath.
“I don’t know what to say; I don’t know much about any of this,” Evander said, shrugging his shoulders to indicate confusion.
The man continued to frown and as slowly as ever said, “In time you will—in a short time. I am Artemis, but you may call me Captain.”
“Then I suppose it would be thank you to you, Captain,” Evander said sincerely. He had no idea what was going on, especially about the brutes.
“Simply because I save your life doesn’t mean I like you. You don’t owe me thanks of any kind, and you’ll soon learn that. Duty forces my hand, not philanthropy. Now, I suggest you be on your way,” Artemis said, and he walked off, shoulders square, posture perfect and regal, but leaving behind something mysterious. Very impressed, Evander sauntered off, adequately intimidated. Was this place even more unfriendly than the mechanic garages had been? Evander had thought no other place could be as bitter as the docks and their ever-incessant military patrons and the frustrated greasers of any garage. Perhaps he had been mistaken. It seemed he had been mistaken about a great many things.
“Evander?” a voice said from his left side. It was polite and genuine, and for a moment, he thought he’d imagined it. “Is that you, Evander?” it said again. He turned to see a shorter man with very little hair looking at him. He wore a vest and coat instead of a jumpsuit, and in his hand was a computer instead of a sword. “I thought it might be you.”
“Yes, yes, I suppose I am Evander,” Evander half-stuttered.
“I know how you feel, but it is time for all of the confusion to be cleared up. There are a great many things I am going to explain to you if you feel ready to hear them.”
Evander hesitated for a moment, but as usual, his curiosity broke through any sense of caution. “Yes, I am ready to hear them,” he said.
“Good,” the man said, “Firstly, my name is Cutter, and secondly, please follow me.”

***

“You do not know who you are, do you?” Cutter asked him. It was true, Evander did not know, and as he sat in the padded chair looking around the small, mostly empty office, he realized that, for the first time ever, he didn’t really care.
“My name is Evander, but I don’t know who I am; that’s true,” he said, trying to focus on the man sitting across from him, who was fidgeting with a computer.
“Evander, you are one of very few—everyone here is of that same few,” Cutter said.
“What are you talking about?”
“What I mean is, have you ever noticed that you were different than everyone else around you?”
“Not especially,” Evander said.
“Have you ever done anything… unusual? Something you didn’t think you could do?” Cutter was prying for something, but Evander didn’t believe he had what Cutter was looking for.
“Well, not really. I can twist a mean gavinwrench, and I’ve fixed a few ships that seemed beyond repair to some.”
“No, not something like that, something that you did physically. Ever noticed how you don’t get winded easily, how you can… I don’t know, ever tried to scale a wall?”
“What? No, why would I?” Evander said with laughter.
“I never was very good at this,” Cutter mumbled, and his eyes jumped downward toward a paper on his table. Evander watched him rub his chin and felt disinterested.
“Well,” Evander began, “I suppose I never expected I would wake up with a sword and have to forget my old name.”
“Yes, yes, that’s part of it,” There was a new energy in Cutter’s voice, “So it WAS a sword then, was it? May I see it?”
Evander drew the blade and set it gently on the table. A faint white glow disappeared when he let go, and it didn’t return when Cutter’s fingers touched it. “It’s quite cold,” the man said, and he set it down. Evander had no idea what he was talking about; the handle had seemed quite warm to his touch.
“Do you remember?” Cutter said.
“Remember, what?”
“Remember what you saw when, I mean, just before you got it,” Cutter said, and he pointed to the sword on the table.
“I—no, not really. It was all so strange,” Evander said truthfully. He only remembered parts of it, his dream he had only hours before.
“This entire place must seem strange to you,” Cutter said. He was correct; it was all so strange that it almost didn’t bother Evander anymore.
“I’m beyond trying to understand,” Evander said.
“Then, you are finally ready to understand,” Cutter said. Evander wasn’t sure what Cutter meant. That statement didn’t seem to make any sense. Was he trying to sound like some sort of soothsaying sage? Still, he listened and let Cutter speak uninterrupted.
“Once, a very long time ago, we were all created. The Patriarch was the first of us all and then myself; as you can see, what few hairs I still have are becoming gray. Then you and all the others were created twenty years ago. All of you the same age, all of you part man and part not; do you understand?”
“What? What do you mean part man and part not?” Evander said.
“We are above normal men; you must have seen this. Did you see the battle in the large room? Do you remember it?”
“The two men crossing blades… and…” Evander said, remembering the black fighter beating the other fighter with his hilt and then helping him up.
“And what?”
“And they moved faster than anyone I had ever seen before.”
“So, you saw them move, but did you see the way they moved? Running up walls, leaping sideways, dodging, ducking, tumbling, seeming to go in two directions at once, forward and upward, backward and downward. Yes, you did see all of it?”
Evander hesitated; it was true he had seen such things but hadn’t until now really regarded them as strange. It seemed he had developed a habit of accepting everything he saw and stopped doubting his senses. “Yes, I saw it all, just like you said. Movements that are beyond normal man.”
“This is our way; this is your way too, but you do not know it yet,” Cutter said with a smile.
“I do not know what to say.”
“Then, say nothing. But realize that you are one of us, one of our Order. Our skills are not unlimited but do not try to limit them. Let nature limit them for you. Merely try to do things you, at this moment, believe you cannot. You are one of us, all of us here are like you, and you are like everyone here.”
“Everyone here? All those people I saw, they are my brothers and sisters?” Evander asked. It was the first thought in a long time that shook his mind. Some deep element refused to believe that he, not a member of an aristocratic House, could have literal brothers and sisters. Families of any kind were reserved for people of Houses, not numbers. But then, he had lost his number, hadn’t he? Eric XXII what he saw reflecting back from Cutter’s spectacles. It was an image of two men, himself and Evander, in one body, and neither knew an Eric XXII. Perhaps he had been of a House, but if so, why didn’t he know it?
“Somewhat,” Cutter said, bringing Evander back to the conversation, “Everyone here is your brother and sister in that they have your skills and have those,” he pointed toward the pearly-gem at the bottom of the sword, “and are here with us. And some of them are out there still, where you came from. But no one is your literal brother; everyone here is of completely different breeding heritage than you,” Cutter clarified.
“What do we do?” Evander said, trying to absorb it all. For the first time since he could remember, his mind tried to learn as much as possible, trying to ascertain everything.
“We are liberators. We fight inside Civilization and live under-ground. We use the air-vents for travel throughout the city to help the people and fight the despot-controlled government. We are also trying to find all the lost ones. All of us were once lost inside Civilization; our minds had forgotten everything.”
“You mean I knew about all this before?” Evander said incredulously.
“Yes, all of us die, and all of us forgot. Now, we are seeking to find our brothers. I am an expert with computers, and I try to find any reports on the Network of people who have done beyond human things. Chances are they—like us—are beyond human. We rescue them before Talcomm destroys them; we save our own.”
“We save them?”
“Did you know that we saved you, Evander?” Cutter said.
“Talcomm would have killed me?”
“Civilization’s government is very sensitive; everything must be orderly, efficient, and conforming. Anything strange is destroyed. Malformations that develop before, during, or after birth always mean eradication, do you understand?”
Evander was stunned. “So, because I am beyond-human, Talcomm would have eradicated me?”
“Yes, and they had plans to on the night that Artemis, he’s the captain and in command aside from the Patriarch and me, saved you. He pulled you out of Civilization the day they would have killed you. Did you know a Blackmask guard was tailing you when they found you? Probably there to kill you,” Cutter said with unbelievable sincerity. Evander didn’t know how to respond.
“And so, now, it is your turn to be of service. You will be trained by our very best, and you will be part of a team. You will find a use for this quickly enough,” Cutter patted the blade and pushed it back toward Evander.
“I will be trained by Artemis?” Evander guessed.
“No, you will be trained by Mazarin—hot-headed, egotistical, uncontrollable. But he’s, simply put, the best there is.”
“Ah,” Evander said, and he re-sheathed his sword.
So, it meant he would fight after all, and still, though he didn’t honestly know what he was in for, he was glad he wasn’t up top still living the life of a mechanic. Yes, some new part of him was elated at this newfound life, at this brave new world.
“But not yet,” Cutter said, “First, we have respects to pay to Arkkon, a man who died the night they saved you. The Patriarch has delayed the service for you until you were ready. Oh, don’t worry; the body hasn’t been here rotting; we don’t have it. But we have confirmed he is dead.”
“He died trying to save me?” Evander said.
“Yes, and now it would be his greatest honor if you would replace him,” Cutter said. “But first, let us go and relearn who he was.”

***

Evander had returned to the large open room, but instead of mats and rings, it was stark and barren of anything but a congregation of people. They were dressed no differently than before, except their jeering smiles were replaced by creases of resolution.
They stood rank and file facing the wall with no door. Evander took his place in the back next to people he hadn’t seen before; they paid him no attention, though.
At the other side of the room was a tall man Evander felt he recognized, and next to him stood Cutter, who had brought Evander here.
“My children, I have asked you all to gather together here because of Arkkon, the first among us to depart,” the man next to Cutter said. At this moment, Evander felt he could assume the speaker was the Patriarch. He, like Cutter, had graying hairs, but his were still thick and full. His face seemed somewhat careworn, and it was apparent he was the oldest of them all, though he probably didn’t have too many years on Cutter.
“Arkkon was the tenth of you ever to be freed from ENTITY’s poison. He joined our ranks and gave his service to everyone as a fighter and caretaker, but alas, as all of you know, he has left us. Let us take a moment to remember who he was.”
There was a pause, and the Patriarch put his head down; the others did the same. Evander joined them by looking down at the scuffed cement floor, assuming it was some kind of respectful observance. After a long moment of quietness and peace, the Patriarch spoke again, “Now that we have looked to the past, we must look to the present and future.” Evander looked back upward and saw that everyone else, too, had lifted their heads. “Arkkon is released from his responsibility and has passed it onto us. We must continue to find our brothers and sisters, continue to free our people and fight the evils within Civilization. We must be a force against ENTITY!”
The hall erupted in a cry of cheers. Several people pumped their fists into the air while others simply stood and shouted, “LIBERTY! UNITY! CAMARADERIE!”
Evander felt awkward but wanted to join them. Very feebly, he chanted with them, “Liberty. Unity. Camaraderie.”
He was too far away to see for sure, but Evander thought he saw the Patriarch smile. His countenance changed, and the man looked very impressed, very proud. The Patriarch let the exhibition continue for a while and then raised both arms. The moment he did, the hall fell silent.
“It would be Arkkon’s wish for us now to continue the work that he died for so nobly. With his honorable death, he helped Artemis bring back another of our brothers.” Evander could feel the air around him grow thick with curiosity. “Evander, please raise your blade.” People looked around the room. Evander felt like he was hit by a pulsar blast, but after a moment, it finally sank in and he finally understood what Cutter had told him. And what had felt like myth or allegory now hit him with the weight of literal fact. Arkkon had been a person, someone who’d sacrificed himself to save him… to save Evander…
He drew his sword and held it in the air. He shook slightly with every eye in the room gazing at him but otherwise stood firm. “Thank you, Evander.” Evander put the blade away. “As you can see, the rest of the story is not sad; it is hopeful. Arkkon’s service is done, and now Evander’s is about to begin,” the Patriarch paused for emphasis. “As the dusk of Arkkon settles, and the night-cycle begins elsewhere, here, a new day-cycle begins. Today is the dawn of Evander!”
The room again erupted, but this time it was a sound Evander had never heard before. The room was ecstatic as hands slapped against each other, everyone rhythmically clapping. Evander blushed and, looking at everyone, saw so many eyes looking back at him. He had never felt such attention before, and it made him feel intimidated, but at the same time, a part of him enjoyed it. A part of him liked it a lot.
“Now, we must look to the future,” the Patriarch resumed his speech. “We must realize the dangers that surround us. Dangers we have always known, but have never been so apparent as now, but also dangers unknown until today.”
There were several quiet gasps; then, a hush drowned the room. “Arkkon was a strong man,” the Patriarch said slowly, “but he was battling a giant that proved even stronger.”
Everyone looked around the room at each other and their friends, and Evander was given the impression that this was as unfamiliar to everyone else as it was to him.
“Some of you who knew Arkkon well would remember that he would sometimes fire energy into his body, usually with a simple pulsar pistol he would turn upon himself and squeeze the trigger. A volley of energy would hit him, and his body, his beyond-human body, would swallow the additional energy. It became a stimulant, and he would trade his presence of mind for that additional kick.” Evander thought he saw a black-haired man fidgeting uneasily. “As I know it, he was the only one ever to do that, and now I hope he will be the last. We now know that it was this habit—this addicting and destroying habit that fried both his body and mind in the end and took his life from us. His ever-loyal spirit and zeal became a slave to his traitorous body. As Patriarch, I decree that no one will ever stimulate themself in such a manner again.” His voice reverberated in a slight echo. Evander heard the words repeatedly in his mind. Was it possible that being “beyond-human” meant one could survive a pulsar blast?
“It took Arkkon’s life, which was given to teach us all a valuable lesson. Let us not let his death be in vain. No one here is ever to fire at themselves or intentionally expose themselves to so much raw energy. Swear it.”
Every hand shot up promptly, and the single voice of the crowd returned, “We swear it.”
Evander joined them the second time, “We swear it.”
“Good, you have made me pleased,” the Patriarch said. “Now, I release you to your own time. Back to this gym to practice, to your studies, to your dorms, wherever it is you must go, you may go.” The Patriarch and Cutter beside him walked out of the room. Once they had, the ranks and files of perhaps four-score people dissipated, and they went their different ways. Several of them stopped to say hello to Evander, who would smile and return their sentiment. None of them had any real time to give him, but countless people introduced their names to him, which he almost immediately forgot in the heat of trying to learn so many. Even Selek and Darus came and apologized to him for the earlier incident. He could tell by the people around them the two were rather unliked, but Evander would hold nothing against them.
It was a strange sensation, being surrounded by so many people, by so much goodwill. And there were no clocks, computers, or timers to send him every which way all the time. No, it was up to him. He liked the way the Patriarch had described it. In fact, he relished it, “Your time,” it was his time. Not the Screamer docks’, not Talcomm’s, not ENTITY’s; it was Evander’s time. It would take some getting used to, but this new life, this dream, was such a wonderful relief from his past—from his life in Civilization. Where he was exactly now, he didn’t care; it was better. It was so much better.
When the crowd of brothers and sisters had left him to himself, he pulled out the crumpled paper Cutter had given him.

After the Service, go and find Mazar. He’ll probably be in one of the small gyms. If not, try his dorm—it is room two, the same hall as you.

He stuffed the note back into a pocket. What kind of name was that anyway? “May-Zar?” Evander said to himself quietly. He had probably slaughtered it.
Evander decided to explore the place before finding Mazar. He wanted to get an idea of what this Complex was, what it offered, and he needed to get his orientation straight. He wondered if he even could find his way back to his room; yes, he would explore first and find Mazar afterward.

***

“It took Arkkon’s life, which was given to teach us all a valuable lesson,” the words shook Artemis’s mind, and for a moment, he lost his focus, “Let us not let his death be in vain.” Again, the Patriarch delivered another sword stroke to Artemis’s very soul, “No one here is ever to fire at themselves.” Artemis grimaced inwardly and felt the nervous weight of the tiny pistol in his pocket. “No one here is ever to fire at themselves or intentionally expose themselves to so much raw energy. Swear it.”
Artemis could not think. What was this new warning? He recalled the incident only weeks ago when he had captured Evander, who had been Eric XXII then. He remembered that mind-startling ecstasy when his very cells swelled with energy, how it felt to leap and move with unmatchable ease and speed. He had even been faster than Mazarin for a few moments. Could it be that the incident would inevitably kill him? The pulsar photons storming into his body, would they destroy him? Ruin him? They ruined Arkkon. But Arkkon had been weak. Arkkon was a fool; Artemis was not.
Since the incident, he had exposed himself to the effects of the pistol many times. After each, he felt as healthy and normal as ever. Did it feel this way for Arkkon too? Or could he feel the poison subtly choking out his life? Artemis believed that Arkkon did feel it. He felt its potency affect his own weakness but ignored it. Artemis would not make the same mistake. The very moment he felt it overcome him in the slightest, he would get rid of the pistol.
But the Patriarch’s words kept flooding back to his mind, echoing like a cold, sincere warning, as if it had been directed and crafted just for him. He could get rid of the pistol now if he wanted to. He looked toward the garbage can in the corner of the room; he knew it led directly to the incinerators. He could throw the gun away now and not worry about it. After all, he didn’t need it; he had been perfectly skilled without it. His talents and self-mastery were unmatched by all, except for Mazarin, whose own was comparable. Artemis was good enough already, and he was captain. He did not need it. But still, something compelled him to stay in his place, surrounded by the swarms of his brothers, all chanting mindlessly.
He could throw the gun away, but he could not. He hadn’t decided to, hadn’t wanted to. There was no reason to; it was merely a warning. Suppose the Patriarch was wrong about what had killed Arkkon. And if it had, it certainly wasn’t the habit which had killed Arkkon, merely his own weak body and poor judgment, his own stupidity as much as anything. Artemis was not stupid. He could handle it. He decided it would be as foolish to hastily throw it away on impulse as it would be to disregard the warning completely. He had to wait it out and see, be alert for any effects that he may not want to grow.
But in the end, he would wait it out.

***

There was a tiny beep, and a small bulb above his computer screen began to blink. Twice red, once yellow, twice green—Talcomm High Command. Travis hurried over to it and tapped on it.
Instantly, he was met with the grisly-haired face of his immediate superior. “Well, Gram, what a pleasant surprise,” Travis lied carefully.
“I can tell you aren’t pleased to see me,” the man said. “It is clear in your voice, but that is no surprise. What is, however, a surprise is that I cannot see you.”
“What do you mean you can’t see me?” Travis asked, looking at the man’s face on his screen.
“I see only a picture of a shoe and the floor. I suggest you fix it immediately,” Gram ordered. Travis frowned; what was Gram talking about? The floor and a shoe? Then he saw that the camera lens attached to his computer was focused downward, and he remembered the technician had bumped it with a box the day before. With quick fingers, he corrected it.
“How is that?” Travis asked.
“Better, though perhaps I would prefer to see your shoe than your face… it is less offensive,” Gram joked offensively. Travis was more than happy to accommodate and directly replicated the original problem. “What are you doing?!? I can only see the floor again!” Gram yelled.
“Only following orders,” Travis mumbled.
“Well, fix it!”
“I’m sorry, Sir; it appears that it isn’t moving back. I’ll have to lubricate the joint as soon as I can,” Travis lied very obviously. “But in the meantime, wasn’t there something more important than my camera that you pinged me to discuss?”
Gram growled, “Very well.” The disgruntled look on the man’s face was hilarious, and, knowing that his superior couldn’t look back, Travis didn’t suppress a huge, taunting smile. “Yeah, yeah, I have a message for you from Cybernetics Corps; they refused to explain to me in detail but said you’d understand it. If you’d like to get on better terms, then I suggest you tell me what it means.”
“Go ahead,” Travis said.
The screen shifted to show another man’s face. This time it was Mr. Kenison from the High Council and quite clearly a recording.
“Mr. Chief Inspector Travis of Talcomm, I wish you best wishes on your new promotion, office, and work. And I suggest you look into my new work. All things in due time are ready for due time. Please respond as soon as you can; I look forward to working with you in the future—the very near future.”
The screen resumed the grumpy portrait of his superior, Gram.
“What was all that about?” the man demanded.
“Just a polite congratulation on my new chair,” Travis said, patting the posh leather.
“You forget I can’t see your new chair,” Gram said.
“Your loss, I suspect,” Travis said and made for the off button.
“Travis, as your superior officer, I expect you to tell me the nature of that message; tell me what it means if you wish to be on good terms with me,” Gram fumbled desperately.
“Sorry, Gram. I have no interest in coddle-nosing you or being on ‘good terms.’ If you’ll excuse me, I have real work to do just now, unlike you, and so our discussion will have to wait for some more frivolous time. Good day.”
Travis clicked off before a reply could come.
The bulb flashed again, but he ignored it. Instead, he typed a message to Blackmask HQ.
The cybots are outfitted, and the first few prototypes will be ready for testing directly. Coordinate with Mr. Kenison about where to deploy them. Things have been quiet over here, so the decision is up to you.


CHAPTER 8

The Complex proved to be both a larger and smaller facility than he had expected. Strolling through the various rooms and catacomb tunnels underground, he discovered it was inhabited by about a hundred personal quarters, a master area called a gym, a dozen washroom facilities, and several sealed chambers that bore signs like Beta Team Conference Room or Cutter’s Facilities—No admittance without permission. But otherwise, the place seemed to be little else than converted and furnished abandoned pod-tunnels, very clever for whoever had thought of it.
The most peculiar thing was the sizeable gray vent opening in the main gym, which he hadn’t seen before. Of course, underground, Evander knew they needed ventilation as much as anybody, but it seemed to be left naked without any sort of panel to lid it off. Evander’s favorite part was the three water fountains he could lap up the cool liquid onto his thirsty tongue from whenever he wanted, ingenious.
Whatever hour it had been when he woke up, he was sure it had grown late in his exploratory hours. He had stopped to chat with several members of different teams, beta, gamma, and tau, and had been talking with one Malcolm when a call or curfew filled the halls.
“Best get yourself to your quarters,” Malcolm had said. “Can you find them by yourself?”
“Of course, I can,” Evander had said, though, at the time, he was unsure he could. The task proved easy enough, and after locking the door behind him, Evander found himself playing along by going to bed, another system just like Civilization had been, and it didn’t bother him at all. They could tell him when to go to bed all they wanted; he just felt glad to be far from broken Screamers and gavinwrenches.
When he slept, it was a dull, dreamless sleep. A part of him was even aware and awake, and perhaps he mostly dozed lightly through the night. A few fragmented images of day-time events rushed scatterbrained through his mind, the men fighting, the service, the discovery of the sword—it was all one indifferent blur until a voice shook his mind.
“Come all the way,” it said coldly, “Accept what is given to you, become what you are destined to, follow the path offered to you, and then come to us. Come to us,” it was mind-chilling, horrifying even. Evander felt himself shaking as he returned to consciousness. In the stark, plain room, he lay balled in sheets and shivered despite the sweat oozing down his face and soaking his armpits and chest. Compared to the rest of the strange things which had happened to him, this nightmare, if you could call it just that, was the first truly horrifying experience. It felt as if, for a moment, the voice had trespassed on his very mind and thoughts, had entered like a dagger into his very soul, sliding easily. He forced himself from the bed quickly and tossed the covers away. He had to walk off the thought.
He grabbed for a clean jumpsuit, but felt too lazy to change, so instead pulled over a robe, stuffed Cutter’s note in his pocket, and glanced at the timekeeper. The numbers: 4:37 Antemeridian shone back at him in red light, seeming to reassure that the voice had been no more than a petty dream. Just a dream. He repeated the thought again and again in his mind until it seemed to provide some false sense of security, some kind of comfort. He rubbed his eyes and made his way clumsily for the door, still tired and partially asleep. He then frowned that he had awoken so early, another hour and a half before the wake-up call, an hour and a half he doubted he would be sleeping.
He opened the door and ventured into the hallway, deciding to go for some water. It was dim in the narrow passageways and phantomlike-vacant. Ever conscious of his every noise, Evander walked the hall, considering the peaceful quiet a nice reprieve from the crowded noisiness of other folks ambling by and stopping him to welcome him to the Order. Polite as they were, it had grown tiresome after the fiftieth or so mentioned earlier the day before. In the silence, an eerie feeling came back to him, reminding him of the voice. He heard the words again but instead echoing through Evander’s own voice, and so it didn’t feel like an intrusion. Still, the reminder of the earlier event was chilling. Subtly, it made him nervous, and after he had quenched his parched throat, he found himself meandering into the gym.
There was no one there, so he picked up one of the practice swords and carefully looked at it. It didn't seem very special, no glow or warm feel, merely cold plain steel. One word came to his mind, lifeless.
He waved it around awkwardly, imagining how it felt to be like the men he had seen in the day before’s skirmish. Sparring with deadly sharp blades flying through the air, well-controlled, well guided, the duelists’ four light feet dancing from floor to wall, leaping every which way. Incredible. Evander walked to a mat and ran, swinging the sword as best he could to copy the moves he’d seen earlier—throwing his weight around at unnatural angles and forcing his body and the sword to twist and move at speeds they’d never done before. And for the first time since his transition, he leaped into the air as the others could.
Feeling a kind of light pleasure as a wind swelled his lungs, up and into the wall, he glided so fast he barely had made sense of the incident. Despite his crunch against the hard wall and perhaps seven-foot fall, he felt satisfied at his achievement. Truly, he was shocked and pleased to see he had half-involuntarily performed an acrobatic marvel. So, of course, he did it again and was met with a similar collapse. The slight pains were aggravating, but he practiced the jump repeatedly until he felt his control of it grow, until when his feet returned to the ground, the fall was gentle and easy—like a dart and a feather combined.
“You learn fast,” a voice said, and Evander turned fast to see the grinning face of the black man who’d won the duel he’d witnessed the day before.
Mazarin, wasn’t that his name? 
The black man climbed the rest of the way out of the open vent and walked toward Evander, accompanied by the ominous sound of foam-rubber boots against the hard-surfaced floor. Even the way he walked seemed powerful. He still wore his ornamental half-cloak that hung from one shoulder, it flapped quietly against his own dark-gray jumpsuit. There was an arrogance to his gait, something about the way he moved, and the way he he;d his head. Very self-assured. Unnervingly so, for Evander. Who thought back on the duel and decided the black man’s cockiness was probably justified.
“Did you hear me? I said, you learn fast.” 
“Uh, thank you,” said Evander, feeling instantly unnerved and self-conscious. He even felt himself flush with embarrassment.
The man stepped forward and grinned that big smile of his, as he examined Evander’s new scrapes and bruises. “Well, well, it’s the rookie; shouldn’t you be going somewhere about now?” the man said. Evander couldn’t tell if it was hostile or jest.
“I guess so,” Evander said weakly, “Tomorrow, I’m supposed to be finding,” Evander pulled the paper from his pocket and read it carefully, “a May-Zar?”
The man laughed deeply, openly, and mockingly.
“Where’d you learn to read?” he asked. Of course, the answer was Civilization as a child, taught by computers, and had Evander thought about it more in-depth, he would have realized it had been the same place for him as this other man, simply by default. If anything, Evander knew he had studied in Civilization longer than this rogue simply because he had lived there longer.
Instead, however, he simply replied with a very weak, “Shut up,” which the man also laughed at. But then, surprisingly, he extended one arm toward Evander, a flat sideways palm, and looked Evander in the eye.
“The name is May-Zer, but spelled M-A-Z-A-R, short for Mazarin. Say it with me now, May-Zer.”
“May-Zer,” Evander said automatically.
“Good, excellent improvement. And May-Zer would be me, by the way, glad to meet you,” Mazar said.
“Glad to meet you,” Evander returned the courtesy.
“Of course, you are,” Mazar grinned. “I’m the best. Everybody’s glad to meet me,” he laughed again, indicating it had been a humorous statement, but quite clearly, Mazar believed every word of it. A disgusting ego—Evander had always hated dealing with them in the Screamer-docks, but now he had to recognize this man as his trainer, and Cutter’s words flooded back to him; even Cutter had called Mazar the best.
Reluctantly, Evander extended his own dubious hand for Mazar to shake, but instead of shaking hands, Mazar took the note and crumpled it up. “I already know what this is about,” he said and tossed it lightly aside, “They want moi to train poor pitiful you, right?”
“Um, I think that’s what it means,” Evander said, still unsure of his actual place in this society.
“Great, well, whatever, first things first,” Mazar said, “What, in the name of the most infamous Maskie, are you doing up at this hour?” Mazar laughed again, a baritone rumble that was growing more annoying. “Had a run-in with the boogie-man, did you, and decided to brush up on your sword skills?” He pointed toward the practice sword held limply by Evander’s fingers, “In case you have another nightmare, or do you have an alibi?”
Evan wasn't sure whether to be offended or not, but he excused Mazar’s comment as good-natured humor, determined to keep his wits about himself, and determined to reply in kind. “I was going to ask you the same question,” Evander said curtly.
Mazar's smile seemed to fade a hint, and he replied, “I heard some noises in here.”
“And you rushed out of bed to see what it was?” Evander said, readying his trap.
“Of course, wouldn’t anyone with a sense of duty do the same?”
“Then why were you climbing out of the vents? You came into this room from the large open vent thing. I saw you,” Evander said. The man raised two defensive hands to interrupt, but Evander continued, “I don’t understand how you could have come from your room via the vents.”
The man looked Evander in the eyes and shook his head slightly, “Tsk, tsk. I thought someone like you would have gotten used to not understanding things by now,” he said.
“But you still insist you came from your quarters?” Evander said.
“As much as ever, mate.”
“You dressed into your cloak very quickly then, unless you're insecure in bed and you sleep in your clothes.” It was tactless and perhaps even rude. Evander relished every moment from the time his mouth closed to the funny look washing over Mazar’s face. Evander knew he had won the game.
“And I see that you don't even dress yourself at all.” Mazar pointed at Evander’s robe. “Or is exposing your sickly body in combat your best tactic, your way of throwing your opponent off-guard?”
“I'm hardly exposed!” Evander said indignantly, “I mean, come on, I am wearing a robe after all.” After saying it, he regretted it. Not that he had made any kind of error but knowing that by defending himself, he had lost the game. Because, after all, that's all the chiding was, a game. “I admit that compared to you, this robe is meager,” he paused. “Why do you come so overdressed? Does the little cape clinging to your shoulder make you feel super?”
“I am super,” Mazar said with a tone that clearly indicated, duh!
Evander had no comeback.
“But I suppose I must prove it to you after all.” The man shifted sharply and ripped a long, curved blade from behind his back. Its razor edge gleamed with a thousand tiny sparkles, and though its silver handle was absent of Evander’s sword’s pearly white stones, in their places were magnificent light blue crystals. “So, would you care for a bout?” Mazar said, raising the sword, taunting Evander with it by swinging the blade from side to side in an untraceably fast motion.
“I wouldn’t want to shame the best,” Evander said, but his facetious tone was unmistakable.
With a wry half-grin Mazar, put the blade’s edge near Evander’s face. Up close, it was much longer than Evan had earlier thought, and he noticed it took Mazar two hands to wield. “I swear I won’t cut you up, you ninny.”
“So, it's longsword pitched against whatever your silver crystal thing, is it?” Evander said.
“This is a No-Daichi,” Mazarin said, holding it proudly. “It’s modeled from similar blades from a culture a long time ago on the Old Earth that made the best swords in the world.”
“No Daki?” Evander said.
“No-Daichi, it’s a foreign language for, ‘my sword is better than your sword,’” Mazar said with a laugh.
“Very well,” Evander said, and, wanting the element of surprise, he slashed his practice blade preemptively toward Mazar, who seemed to react almost before Evander had attacked him. With incredible reflexes, Mazar parried Evander’s blow and came down on it a second time, both blades colliding in a fray of heat and sparks. Another blow followed before Evander could retreat two steps back. Making it obvious he was only attacking Evander’s blade, the No-Daichi swung around for a fourth blow, the last the practice sword and Evander could endure. He stumbled back, and his blade exploded in a spray of shrapnel that left him with a broken hilt and several large shards that clattered and clanged on the ground nearby. Mazar flipped backward in a show-off fashion and nodded as if to say, “I told you I was super.”
Evander panted and tossed the lonely hilt, his tired eyes looking back at Mazar’s. It was true; the man was good. And as if Mazar had read Evander’s mind, he said, “I told you I was super!”
“Okay, okay, you’re super,” Evander said and leaned a hand against the wall, trying hard to catch his breath. Mazar walked over to the broken sword, picked up a piece, and began to laugh loudly.
“Don’t tell me that was your lifeblade!” Mazar’s deft fingers carefully handled the steel splinters.
“Lifeblade?” Evander said. He had never heard the term before.
“Only your best strength and greatest ally! Oh, right, you’re new,” Mazar said. Then taking an unnecessarily mock-explanatory tone, he continued, “Since the rookie clearly doesn’t know anything, I’ll try to be a little more informative.” He paused for Evander to object, so Evander didn’t. “Anyway, a lifeblade is the weapon you receive when you are awakened from human to beyond human. You know, when you got in touch with the rest of yourself, usually in some kind of dream. You wake up, and you’re different, you’re stronger, you feel more natural and real, more alive,” Mazar stopped. “Do you even have any idea what I’m talking about?”
Evander wasn’t sure, “No, not really.”
“Figures,” Mazar said and continued his explanation without adding any more detail. “Well, you wake up, and voila, ta-da, and open sesame, you have a shiny gem hilted blade that’s warm and glows to your touch, like a part of you.”
Evander nodded, “Yes, yes, I know what you’re talking about now.”
Mazar ignored him, “It isn’t always a sword, though. It’s usually some kind of item that symbolizes who you are and what your place is. But no matter if it’s a cape, can, or torch, it always, always, always has a gemstone, and always a different one than anyone else.” Mazar held his sword out for Evander to see closely, pointing out the large crystal at the bottom of the hilt and the thousands of tiny crystals running throughout the length of the blade, giving it a razor-sharp edge and impressive style.
“What are the crystals for?” Evander said with interest, “I mean, what do they mean?”
“No one is exactly sure,” Mazar said, “the Patriarch says they hold a part of your life force, binding you to the sword. Notice how they run the full length of the blade, binding it all together.”
Evander nodded and traced a reluctant finger along the blunt end of the polished blade. “Evander, it is important that you know a lifeblade is indestructible, as far as we know. It won’t even dull as long as you’re alive and strong.”
“And if you die?” Evander said.
“Again, no one is entirely sure. Arkkon is the only one who has died, the fool, and Artemis didn’t think to take his blade back when he stuffed the poor sufferer in the tubes heading for the incinerators. But it’s thought by the Patriarch that the blade would wane and disappear when you die, or if not a blade, the cloak, torch, token, whatever it is. Speaking of which, what did you get?”
“A longsword,” Evander said, “a well-polished, attractive long blade with the finest pearls embedded in it, but I left it in the room so it wouldn’t make someone like you jealous.”
“How dull,” Mazar said, unimpressed. “Boring, boring, boring.” He then pointed at his crystal, “Do you know what this is?”
Evander shook his head.
“This is a diamond!”
Evander gazed back at Mazar’s sword, who was more than happy to show it off. Everything from its curve to the glittering diamonds trailing the blade fit the man’s sort of semi-cocky style, and Evander had to admit, the mix of diamond and silver metal was pure eye candy.
“Did I mention it was the very best, strongest, hardest, and rarest kind of diamond that’s in my sword?” Mazar said.
“I wasn't aware that there was more than one kind of diamond,” Evander said skeptically.
“There is, and this is the best,” Mazar said flatly, conclusively, as if this mere statement was the ultimate unquestionable authority on the matter.
“I see,” Evander said with clear hesitation.
Evander then noticed that Mazar’s blade also had embedded gold text a half-inch above the hilt; he squinted and tried to read it upside down.
“Fang’s Tongue a Force of Fire and Might,” Mazar read it for him. “What did yours say?”
“Truth Shall Cut Asunder,” Evander said.
“Ah, then the name of your sword is Truth, like the name of mine is Fang,” Mazar said in an explanatory tone and then stopped. There was a pause in conversation for a few moments when neither felt inclined to say anything.
Mazar re-sheathed Fang, and with a glance at his wristwatch, he said, “It's late. Or early, on second thought.”
“What does your chronometer say?” Evander asked him. He had chosen the word carefully, remembering that every reference he had seen to such things in abnormal environments always referred to them as chronometers—an attempt to fit in. Mazer eyed him curiously, and Evander suddenly felt like an idiot.
“I don't know about you regular upworlders, but around here, we call them watches.”
“Actually, so do we,” Evander was forced to admit. “Most of the time,” he added a moment later when Mazar shot him a look that said, “you’re pathetic.”
“But honestly, what does your watch say?” Evander said.
Mazar looked at it again, “It says, Practice Time O’clock.” He pointed toward the rack of practice swords, “You’ll need another one, but not to fight with this time. You need to get used to moving with the extra weight. It’s time for your training to begin.”
Evander obeyed and crossed the room to get another sword when a question took his mind. “Mazar,” he said, turning back around, “you don’t seem much older than me, if at all. How long ago were you pulled from Civilization?”
“Too long and still not long enough, and we’ll leave it at that. I wasn’t joking about getting a sword, you know,” he motioned again toward the rack.
“One other question,” Evander said, “how long did it take you to get good at this?” Evander grabbed a sword from the rack.
“Not as long as it’ll take you,” Mazar said, “but let’s see if we can get this little ‘train the rookie’ chore over before the week’s out.”

***

Torm sat in his apartment on Willow Lane in deep thought. He wasn’t sure about much anymore in his life, his ever-meaningless life. He held the gem he and Rachel had examined a few weeks before in his hand. It glittered in the dim light of his bedroom, each tiny perfect cut letting the light dance on the intricate surfaces. He remembered the picture of himself when they had put the datagem into the computer. Who was he that he’d been recorded onto this? He fingered the stone and held it closer to his eyes, examining it. Deep inside, he saw what might have been tiny silicon chips, but he couldn’t tell; his eyes weren’t half as sharp as Rachel’s.
Ah, yes, Rachel. The very name brought a thousand memories and conflicting feelings to his mind. This sweet and beautiful woman was almost intimidatingly intelligent, and yet that was his favorite part about her. The idea of marriage had crossed his mind before. Would it be worth it to have to move back into the lavish cold comfort of Vortin District? To again be so close to his father Velix, to have his own family and inherit the Vortin house, did he really want all of that?
Still, the idea of being with Rachel until the day he died was so appealing it kept coming back to his mind at awkward moments. He sighed and laid down on the bed, letting the thoughts glaze over his mind.
What did she think about him? There were times when her ever pleasant nature, good humor, and fleeting glances made him believe she felt the same for him. Poor, awkward, slow Torm, but he knew she could not. She was an ordinary citizen and, even worse, a scientist. She was given the least amount of freedom in Civilization, and she lived off the nutrient tap they put in her apartment or in her room at the Research Facility. A tap, like any other normal citizen’s, which Torm knew was drugged with versatile chemicals that suppressed hormones in such a way that they didn’t affect growth, physical development, or stunt the person in any way. They simply gave the user a sterile outlook on the world; a view Torm only assumed would wear off after an extended time of not taking the chemicals. It was the perfect mechanism for enforcing the abstinence policy for regular citizens, who were reproduced in controlled laboratories, educated in small circles and isolation, and sorted into professions at very young ages.
Torm, of course, had never been subject to such treatments or drugs. His personal nutrient tap, which he could see hanging neatly from the wall in the other room, was not drugged. Like those in Houses in Civilization or Guardians abroad, they were allowed privileges normal citizens were not. Though they were sworn to uphold the law, marriage and its activities could only occur in Honor Districts.
No, Rachel could not feel the same for him, probably never could. It was a juvenile fantasy, like those he’d had in his teenage years, pointless, meaningless, and stupid. He set the crystal gently on the nightstand and climbed more fully into bed. Perhaps someday, he would arrange for Rachel to have a non-drugged nutrient line, but not today. Maybe not any day. He let his eyes close and tried to wipe his mind of all thought, remembering only that in the morning, he had Guardian duties to take care of, obligations that would keep him far from the Research Facility for a very long time.

***

Evander should not have taken Mazar’s word on the “let’s finish this ‘train the rookie’ chore before the week’s out.” Eleven grueling days later, he was still running, jumping, fighting, and practicing with Mazar, who was continually pressing him to keep up more and more. He held Evander to speeds and difficulties that he felt impossible for himself to maintain but was more and more surprising himself at consistently keeping to what Mazar told him to do, despite the throbbing aches everywhere in his body.
Despite all the agony, Evander had a small feeling of pride for his newfound skills. It was true what Cutter had told him; he felt and was beyond human. Learning quicker than he ever would have expected, he knew a thousand sword stances and movements, knew how to control himself in a duel or fight, could focus his energy and release it in spurts of quicker acceleration and movement. When he was focused enough, he could turn on a dime, as Mazar could. All in all, Evander felt a washing tide of self-satisfaction that he’d never tasted or hoped for before.
After the eighth or so day, when he had demonstrated a strong level of self-control, the exercises shifted to his mechanical skills, which he had to apply in awkward scenarios. Holding a sword, clinging to a foothold, and picking through a door’s hinge with a gavinwrench, or fixing a piece of equipment while thundering through the vents around the Complex, continually having to jump, climb, descend, turn, and move in dozens of other awkward ways. Of course, these were very difficult; at first, he was, like normal beyond-human movement, getting better at these skills. So much that even Mazar had seemed impressed the day before, a commodity the man would seldom give anyone.
And despite Mazar’s constant cockiness, which now seemed almost a facade, Evander had grown to befriend him. In a strange place where everyone was a stranger, he now had at least one real friend and found a few of Mazar’s quirky habits rubbing off on him.
Now, as he dabbed the dirt from his forearm with an alcohol-soaked cloth and pressed the clean, new needle into his vein, he tried to relax, trying to get ready for the rest of the day’s activities, exercises, and routines. Despite the frequent training and the pain it gave him, it was almost enjoyable. It was not banal in any way—with each new exercise, he found some new and creative thing he’d never have expected, and in such a world as this Complex of the Order, it seemed everything was exciting.
When the hum of the nutrient feeder clicked off, he removed the needle and watched his tissues slowly re-heal themselves together, his body adapting to the small incision. He replaced the needle with a new one and wiped the tiny streams of blood that had escaped his now-healed arm and wondered how many bandages he had used in his previous life, in the upper world of Civilization where he had been merely human.
He changed into a second jumpsuit for the day, the other grimy with sweat, and stuffed the old one in the small white basket. It was overflowing, and he knew he’d have to take them to a washroom sometime soon. He’d probably do it the next time he had a shower, a nice, warm, steamy shower, which was so much better than the lukewarm rationed showers he had to live with in Civilization.
A chaotic pounding on his door broke his thoughts.
“Come on, Rookie; time to get back to work again!” Mazar’s voice said, muffled slightly by the door.
Evander smiled at the sword gleaming back at him from against the wall. Again, he read the glittering golden text imprinted on it, “Truth Shall Cut Asunder.” He didn’t know what it meant, but he liked it. He grabbed Truth in its sheath, clipped it to his belt, and opened the door; it was time for more exercises.


CHAPTER 9

The Rookie had been getting better; there was no question. In fact, not only better but good. Of course, Mazarin was responsible for this skill growth and felt pleased that he still had it when teaching others. It had been probably a year since he’d last trained anyone, and this course had proven as good a refresher for him as the Rookie, though for different reasons.
Twenty-two days, and it was finally over. The Rookie was as good as he was going to get without having his greenness stripped from him by actual field experience. He couldn’t improve without testing himself for real. Mazarin knew it was time to recommend him to the Patriarch for a team. Something deserving of his skills, so not a terrible team like Tau, but certainly not the stresses of Alpha team, the best. Quite generously, Mazarin decided to recommend the Rookie for the Beta team. Perhaps second in skill and trust, that team was a well-balanced crew that would readily accept and make use of the Rookie’s impressive mechanical skills. Collecting his thoughts, Mazarin hammered on the door that said, “Archimedes Quarters.”
“You in there, padre?” Mazarin said.
“No,” a deep but calm voice said from behind him. Mazarin turned around to see the tall but somewhat aged face and frame of the Patriarch, Archimedes, standing in his usual blue and white robes. “Looking for me?” he said.
Mazarin nodded, “I’m here to recommend my newest rookie… that is cadet for a team.”
“Yes, I know why you are here,” Archimedes said. “I have been watching him as well. Because I know of your poor judgment, I doubted you would promote the boy as fast as you should have, and I was right.”
Mazarin frowned at this, “In any case, I want him promoted. Now.”
“Not now—in three days, he will be promoted,” Archimedes challenged quietly. “Davion will move off Alpha Team, and Evander will move on. Make sure he’s ready.”
“ALPHA TEAM?!” Mazarin shouted, “That’s the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever heard. No one goes straight onto Alpha Team right after training!”
“Except you, Artemis, and…”
“Well, there was a reason for that! There were no other teams back then, just the six of us, you, and Cutter. One team and two goons to tell it what to do.”
Mazarin saw the Patriarch almost break his calm composure, but as soon as the anger started flashing in his eyes, they relaxed, and he was again as calm as if it had never happened. “Omar is a good fighter and a decent mechanic, but not good enough for the next missions we have in store for Alpha Team. He’ll, of course, remain on the team, but Evander’s skill is critical; he must be promoted to Alpha Team.”
“BETA!” Mazarin said. “I know his fighting abilities better than you; he belongs on no less than and no more than Beta Team.”
“Unfortunately for you, you are not the Patriarch. You lost all real influence when you stepped down from captain. Now you are merely a fighter and trainer, nothing more. Evander moves to Alpha Team in three days; that is all, Mr. Mazarin.”
“Can’t you understand? He can’t take it! Listen to me, you dirty, senile old man…”
“I SAID that is ALL, MR. MAZARIN,” Archimedes said, and he walked away, leaving Mazarin to himself again in the narrow corridor. He slammed an angry fist into the wall and remembered why he hated the Patriarch so much. The slight pain vanished after a few moments as his tough knuckles were rather accustomed to such abuse.
“All right… Alpha Team it is, my rookie will be ready,” he said half to himself and half to no one. He headed for his friend Artemis’s quarters with a light jog to see if he had any objection.

***

Again, there was a rapping knock on his door as he heard a man say, “Wake up call.” Unlike other mornings, Evander rubbed his eyes and was excited to leap from his comfortable bed and don a fresh new jumpsuit. Skipping the nutrients for that day, he grabbed Truth in his haste, attached it to his belt, and barreled out the door.
Instead of going to the common gym to meet with Mazar or the washroom, he headed through a series of tiny hallways until he met a door that said, “Alpha Team.”
He very excitedly took out the second key, which Mazar had given him only the night before, and turned it in the locked handle. The door swung aside, and he stepped in, closing the door behind him.
It was a well-lit room with a square table in the center, around which sat several people he didn’t recognize. Two men were standing; one was clearly Mazar, who was pacing about, and the other was the dark-haired man he’d seen his first real day at the Order, the one who had told off Darus and Selek.
“You’re late,” the dark-haired man said.
“But welcome to Alpha Team regardless,” Mazar said. Evander saw Mazar beckon toward the dark-haired man, who nodded in reply.
“This is the team,” Mazar pointed at the dark-haired man. “This is Artemis, our team captain and the overall Captain of the Order, a position I pity him for having.” Artemis chuckled. Evander could tell that laughter was unfamiliar territory for the man.
Mazar continued, “This is, of course, the diamond in the rough, our very own Bria, stealth and espionage expert,” Mazar winked at her, and she looked away with a frown. Evander saw her delicate frame sitting quietly, her dark brown hair flowing gently down her head; her clever eyes danced back at his for a moment, and then another frown of disapproval creased her ever delicate lips. What was he thinking? Evander shook his head and cleared the thoughts from his mind, wondering what had made her seem special to him. A strange feeling he’d never encountered before, it was almost exhilarating and terrifying at the same time.
“A-hem…” Mazar said, and he coughed. “I know Bria’s beautiful and all that whatnot, and so forth, but you’re supposed to be paying attention to me, not her.”
“I wasn’t…” Evander began to say.
“And she’s taken. She’s Artemis’s girl, sorry to burst your little boyish bubble. At any rate, let’s get back to business.”
“I wasn’t—I mean, I just…” Evander stammered. The small group laughed.
“He’s finally getting ‘em drugs outta his system, he is,” a man with a large round face said.
“And this,” Mazar pointed at the large, round-faced jovial man, “is Omar. You’ll be working hand in foot with him; he’s the old mechanic, and you’re the new mechanic.”
Evander nodded, trying to reclarify his focus.
“This is Nero; he’s a fighter like myself. I take the rear, and he takes the front, right behind Artemis, that is.” Mazar was now pointing to a man with darker hair, though not as black as Artemis’s, and Evander recognized him as the man he’d seen Mazar skirmish with the first day he’d ventured into the Complex.
“And, of course, Kedric.” He pointed at a man sitting by himself in a corner. Evander’s eyes had missed him before. Kedric was a shorter man with disheveled long, curly hair and a blank, almost stupid-faced expression.
The man mumbled something to himself quietly, dispassionately.
“He’s a bit of a retard, but we keep him around anyway,” Mazar said. If Kedric had heard Mazar, he gave no sign he cared.
“No, he’s not!” Bria shot back, “Stop insulting everyone!”
“Easy, easy…” Artemis said, “Mazar’s just joking.” Evander looked at the poor man sitting by himself, staring off into space, and he wondered whether Mazar was joking or not.
“I know, but he’s so cocky…” Bria was saying.
“Well, that’s about it with the intros. I’d introduce you, Evander, but everyone here knows as much as they care to about you: your name, your skills, and how inexperienced and new you are.”
“Welcome aboard,” Omar said.
“So, in brief, there are seven guys and one girl, Artemis, Me, Bria, Kedric, Omar, Nero, and Evander, who is you,” Mazar said.
Evander nodded, and he looked at each person, trying to find something unique about them to help remember their names. Bria was the easiest, being the only girl. He wouldn’t forget Mazar either. Artemis was the cold but cunning captain, and Nero was an equally cold but less quiet fighter. Omar was a round-faced and friendly mechanic, like himself, and Kedric was the poor, stuttering, quiet boy who seemed so unnaturally quiet that Evander wondered if he was mute.
“I think I’ve got it down,” Evander said.
“Good, because we’re your family, your friends, and in the field, our very lives depend on each other; you’d better get used to us quickly,” Omar said.
“All right, Artemis, the table is yours,” Mazar said, and he, too, sat down. Artemis stood up and looked directly at Evander.
“This is where we hold our meetings of any kind, get ready for missions, and all of that. Evander, take a seat,” Artemis said.
Evander wanted to object, but before he could, Artemis said, “Now.” It was quiet but cold, and Evander didn’t have the stomach to challenge him. Humbly, he walked toward the table and took a seat by Omar.
“Today, we have a mission that we have to do for Cutter; it’s not far, and it isn’t hard. But in one hour, we’re all going topside, making for a Talcomm facility a few districts over. Once there, the mission is simple: Break in, find three datagems labeled “Wraith,” and get back home. No conflict is necessary, so unless we’re caught, there won’t even be a need for fighting.”
This last statement sent a circle of sighs around the room, except Mazar, who seemed more inclined to curse at this revelation than embrace it.
“The details are as follows,” Artemis said, and he pulled out a chart.
They spent the next ten minutes looking at charts and diagrams and discussing passages to take, best ways to slip in to avoid contact with soldiers and inspectors, steal the gems, and escape. Evander was amazed at how well they had mapped the nearby vents, knowing exactly which ones they could pass through and which ones became too narrow. Most of the time, Evander wasn’t quite sure what they were talking about, so he simply sat and listened, content to agree with the majority view.
Most everyone agreed with Bria’s and Artemis’s plan about slow stealth and minimal contact with anyone. The only real disagreement came when Mazar’s outburst, “Let’s just storm the place and take the gems!” sounded throughout the room.
Other than a few discouraging comments, Mazar’s proposal was ignored, and Evander was left to wonder how seriously Mazar had meant it.
Artemis called the meeting to a close, and they each headed their separate ways, most to the training room but Evander to the washroom. They had little more than a half-hour to themselves before meeting in the main gym. Since he didn’t really know what to expect, Evander would brush his teeth and worry about all the excitement then.

***

Evander climbed up the narrow square vent. It was dark, and he felt a kind of nervousness as the group silently, one by one, passed through a series of vents just outside the targeted facility. Evander followed Omar, who followed Nero, who was just behind Artemis. The others trailed behind except for Bria, who had gone ahead of the rest.
When they neared a large vent panel, Artemis turned and raised a hand, silently gesturing for the group to stop. He walked forward and peered through the upturned cracks and checked his watch a few times, clearly waiting for something. Evander stood still, too afraid to even breathe loudly for fear of making noise that could give the group away.
They waited for several minutes, and a kind of tension filled the air, so thick that Evander felt like he could choke on it. He watched Artemis’s careful movements, watched him step away from the panel and press his watch to his ear, standing utterly immobile for several minutes. Evander couldn’t even tell if the man was breathing; he was so still. Then, without warning, Artemis tapped his watch.
“Room’s clear,” Bria’s voice whispered.
Artemis gave a hand signal, and, sliding the panel aside, he leaped down noiselessly. Nero followed, and Omar gave Evander a nudge, “Go next.”
Evander slid down from the opening as quietly as he could. He was met with a large, well-lit, rectangular room. No one seemed to be in it, and he wondered where Artemis and Nero had gone. A moment later, Omar plopped down beside him.
“Well, don’t just stand there,” he whispered, “follow the hall to the right.”
The two of them hurried to the hall and followed it to another series of rooms. Evander let Omar take the lead since he didn’t know where he was going; fortunately, Omar had paid attention to Artemis’s diagrams.
They wound their way into the wrong room twice, but fortunately, no one was there. “Supply rooms, offices,” Omar mumbled, “Ah-ha!” Evander followed him to the outside of another room, which he could see through the glass door had two small desks and several filing drawers. In one corner was a crate with a lock.
“Artemis and Nero must be in there already,” Omar said.
They watched, waiting for a chance to burst in, when suddenly, on the other side of the glass was the face of a Talcomm officer staring straight back at them. He looked panicked at seeing Evander and Omar in the hall outside, and Omar rushed toward the door, cursing himself for standing out in the open.
Before Omar could tear the door aside, the Talcomm officer lurched backward and collapsed. Behind him stood Artemis with a red-drenched dagger. It gleamed a strange greenish color that lit up the blade's red ooze; it was horrifying to Evander. Artemis gestured for them to come into the room, where they found the others already there except Bria.
“I’ve got the discs,” Nero said, “No thanks to the Rookie giving us away,”
“It was my fault, really,” Omar said.
“Let’s get out of here now and argue later,” Artemis said.
“Where’s Bria?” Evander asked.
“Right here,” Bria’s voice said. An odd distortion moved in front of him, and he saw her face unveiled from the bent light. With a swish of her hair, she removed what looked like a distortion from her body. Once fully removed, it looked to be a plain gray cloak.
Evander was stunned. “It’s called a chameleon cloak,” she said, and she pointed at Truth. “Your life is intertwined with this gem,” indicating his pearl hilt, “mine is with this.” There was a stunning blue sapphire at the neck of the cloak.
“Okay, enough time! Let’s go,” Mazar said.
“Right you are,” Artemis said, and the group shuffled out to get back to the vent opening before more people arrived. On his way out, Evander’s eyes traced down to where the officer lay in his own blood, a look of total confusion and horror on his face. Why did this man have to die? It was a horrible sight, the half-crumpled body merely lying there, as if his very life had been extinguished in a mere second. Everything, his life, hopes, dreams, all of it gone in an instant for those discs and whatever was on them.
Evander thought back to Nero’s words, “No thanks to the Rookie for giving us away,” and he wondered if it was indeed his fault that the officer had to die. A sickness in his stomach made it difficult for him to travel the rest of the way back to the Complex.

***

Evander awoke from his sleep, lurching, startlement grasping his lungs. His limbs flailed, and he fell from his bed onto the floor, completely entangled in the sheets. His breathing was quick and erratic, tearing at his lungs with every breath, and his heart pounded his organs in painfully quick succession. But he was alive; he was alive.
Breathing in deeply and making a funny noise, he launched upright dizzily, throwing the sheets from his feet. His clammy hands pressed upon his face and chest; he was real. It hadn’t been real at all. His mind tried to make sense of it all, and then a sudden recollection of where and who he was washed over him.
Moments before, he had been a Talcomm officer. He had been sitting in an office, thinking about his family, and then suddenly, monsters came and stabbed teeth into him, killing him for no reason at all. He shook all over. This was ridiculous; he had never had a family. And he’d never been in Talcomm.
Still, he knew where the dream had originated. Earlier that day, he’d seen such a man die, for real, and it had been a horrible, earthshaking experience. He grabbed for a robe and headed out of his room. He needed a drink of water and decided a quiet walk around the Complex would help him deal with it.
The water was cool and tranquil, and as it lapped against his tongue, he felt part of him relax; it was over. It was over, over, he repeated in his mind. After it had refreshed him, he wandered slowly toward the gym, thinking perhaps the room's openness would help his mind.
As he walked in, he was surprised to see Mazar already there, leaving it. By the look of it, Mazar was equally surprised, if not startled, to find Evander.
“What are you doing here?” they both said simultaneously.
“I couldn’t sleep,” Evander said.
“I had an errand to run,” Mazar said, “but I was just on my way to bed. Though, from the looks of it, you were not. Tell me what’s up, Rookie.”
“Oh, it’s nothing…” Evander started to say but then thought again. What harm would it do to confide in Mazar? “Oh, all right, it’s about the mission,” Evander said.
“Oh, yeah, well, don’t let old Nero get to you; he’s not the nicest to anyone. True, you gave us away, but so did Omar, and well, we handled it fine, I suspect,” Mazar said. Evander knew he was trying to be kind, but somehow his words weren’t very comforting.
“It’s the man, that white face, those large eyes, staring straight at mine,” Evander paused. “I can still see them in my head, those big eyes locked to mine, and then he falls, dying. Dead and forgotten—I can only imagine what died with him.”
“Well, if he hadn’t died, we would have,” Mazar said. But Evander didn’t find this comforting.
“Is it true?” Evander said, “He may have lived if I hadn’t given us away?”
Mazar paused for a long moment, “I don’t know how to answer that, but I suggest you don’t worry about it. People die every day, everywhere; it’s part of life. If some must die now, as part of our work, then they must. In some circumstances, either they die, or we die, not all the time can everyone live.”
Evander frowned. “I know I’m weak, I just… I’ve never thought much about death before… and today, I wondered what it would be like to die like that man…”
Mazar looked him in the eye, “Listen to me, Evan,” and Evander noticed he didn’t call him Rookie, “a lot of people aren’t happy with having to kill people or see them die. Bria is the most insistent of all about preserving them whenever possible, even though they are the enemy.”
“And where do you stand?” Evander said, “Was that poor, simple man really the enemy?”
“Anyone who would have pushed that call for security button and called a dozen Maskies to kill me is my enemy,” he said. “Yes, I am not afraid to take a life to keep mine.”
Evander looked away, “I cannot think that way,” he said.
“And maybe someday you can do something about it, but for today, you must simply accept it, as Bria must. While Artemis is in charge, and Nero and I are more willing to keep the team out of danger, we may be required to kill.”
“And what of Omar and Kedric?” Evander asked.
“Regardless of them, as long as the captain is of an opinion, then the group holds to it, but Omar is willing to follow the captain and Kedric… I have no idea where he stands. He never kills, but he never complains when the rest of us do it. And, of course, Bria never does, though she carries a pistol to protect herself.”
“And you, you’ve killed before?” Evander said.
“Yes, of course,” Mazar looked surprised at Evander’s appalled expression. “This is a war; killing is part of war, not a pleasure but a necessity. You will learn that,” Mazar said.
“Maybe,” Evander said, “but I doubt it.”

***

Artemis sat alone in his quarters with the door neatly locked. On his desk sat a small personal computer, and he stared at the screen with glazed eyes, his fingers over the keys while he reread his message. On the table nearby sat the familiar pulsar pistol, still warm.

To: Archimedes@order.ne
Subject: Critical problem
Message: I have, since the abduction of Eric XXII, now Evander, been dealing with a problem. One that I didn’t know was a problem until it was too late, the very same problem that took Arkkon’s life. During my capture of Eric XXII, I was shot from the rear because Arkkon had run off to stimulate himself, I presumed and wasn’t guarding outside the alleyway. I felt the energies tickle my very core, and after it was over, I kept the pistol so that I could repeat the same experience.
A few weeks later, at Arkkon’s service, you warned us about such practices, and I was glad I had kept it a secret, but I decided it wouldn’t affect me. Well, now, I wonder if it has. I have never been able to really repeat the same euphoria I felt the first night, but almost every day now, I feel compelled to sit in my quarters and stimulate myself, feel the energies rush through me.
And I understand how Arkkon became addicted. And so, I am worried about becoming addicted, but I am not addicted yet, I think. I’m only afraid I won’t be in my best condition in the field and could endanger the team's lives, or worse, the outcome of a mission. Is there anything you can do to help me? Please keep this matter confidential.
Yours in service,
Captain Artemis

He looked at the message, reading it again and again. He was ready to end it, prepared to end all of this, but other thoughts came to his mind. Some trepidation that made him wonder about being captain still after this, or would Nero succeed him? Would the Patriarch make an example of him? Was it really worth it? He was stronger than Arkkon, and it hadn’t really affected him yet; it hadn’t really proven to be a bad influence on him yet. Maybe he was fine, and if so, why go through all the humiliation?
He stared at the screen, and his eyes danced between two words next to each other:

Send | Delete

He felt for the keyboard but didn’t know which command to give. A thousand conflicting thoughts challenged his mind, and in the middle of the fray, he realized he had to sort everything out before doing anything hasty or rash; he could always send the letter some other time. He pressed a key. The note vanished as if it had never existed.
After all, Arkkon had been much weaker. Artemis would be fine.


CHAPTER 10

A week since the first mission, and Evander had spent most of the time getting ready for another one, waiting for the day that they sent an assignment to Alpha Team again.
Whatever was on the discs they had recovered, he had no idea but hoped it was more valuable than a man’s life. He was still shaken up over the Talcomm officer’s death right before his eyes but had stopped talking about it. Instead, he refocused himself on his training and spent more than the required five hours a day beating against the mat and honing his skills. By now, Truth had become a natural fit in his hand. He almost felt naked without its weight hanging on one side or present in his hands. It was truly becoming a part of him, as Mazar had said it would.
This day, exactly seven days after the last mission, Artemis sent messages to all the team members to assemble for another meeting. Evander found his way to the room, made certain he was early this time and took a seat by Omar again.
Little was different from last time, except people were more used to his presence, and Evander didn’t feel so out of place. Again, Mazar didn’t take a seat, and neither did Artemis, but everyone else did as they shuffled in.
Artemis closed the door after everyone had arrived and faced them, “All right, we have a new assignment, in case you didn’t guess.” Instead of withdrawing charts, he simply began explaining. “Cutter has news that Talcomm is assembling some kind of project. It’s extra classified, so he’s had trouble digging up any info on it, but the odds are good that it’s something against us. Our mission today is simple; we break into the Research Facility. Lab 14 has compounds that are being outfitted for some kind of… thing. I don’t know what it is. Our job is to disrupt their progress and bring as much of the project back as possible, so Archimedes and Kedric can examine it.”
“Disrupt…” Mazar said, “I like that word. I like that word a lot.”
“I bet you do,” Nero said, and he looked toward Artemis. “How exactly are we going to get there and pull this off?”
“Aye, breechin’ the Research Facility idn’t the easiest of things to be doing,” Omar said.
“That’s something we’ll have to figure out when we get there,” Artemis said.
“Hey, they don’t call us the Alpha Team for nothing,” Mazar said. “There’s a reason why Beta and Gamma can’t handle this kind of work.”
“You know, being on Beta wasn’t that bad… thinking about it,” Omar said.
“All right, all right, all right,” Artemis said to shut everyone up. “We’re going to run over a few ideas, but in the end, we’ll have to be ready to improvise.”
“My specialty,” Mazar said.
“Ha!” said Omar with a snort, “your way of improvising is to break things as fast as possible.”
“Hey, I never said it wasn’t,” Mazar defended himself. “As long as it works, it can be my specialty!”
“Then, Mazar, I think you’ll feel right at home on this mission,” Artemis concluded, clapping a hand on his friend’s shoulder.

***

Mazarin took Omar and the Rookie on the left side of the fork. Artemis and the others took the right side, agreeing to keep in contact with their watches. Mazarin led the two up a long series of diagonal vent tunnels whose direction seemed to be alternating.
“Are you sure you know where you’re going?” said Omar from the rear.
“Of course, I do,” Mazarin said, but in truth, he only had a vague idea. And he hid his surprise when the tunnels kept climbing up when he expected them to turn. They were dull, gray, and monotonous, the roadways all members of the Order traveled to get anywhere in the city undetected. The constant breezes always felt relaxing, and he liked the way it made his decorative cloak flap behind him or to the side.
“You realize your dumb cape keeps hitting me in the face,” Evander said from behind him.
“My dumb cape obviously doesn’t like you then; deal with it,” Mazarin said, not really paying attention to what Evander was saying, merely feeling an urge to contradict and ignore him.
“ Mazar, why do you wear that? I know you stole it from some Honor house you broke into at some point a few years back, but you seem to stick out a bit with it, not that it looks bad. Just out of place,” Omar said.
“Yeah, yeah, me too,” Mazarin said dismissively, not paying attention to Omar at all. Without giving him a second thought, Mazar altered his course and pounded through the vents in a different direction, trying to focus on where he was going.
“Are you sure you know the way?” Evander said, picking up on the course change.
“He doesn’t,” Omar said.
“Of course, I do,” Mazarin insisted, despite their accusations.
It didn’t help that the vents were all the same shapes, color, and designs, making it unclear whether they were somewhere new or merely traveling a circle. Mazarin hadn’t really grown to appreciate what a luxury it was guarding the rear and simply letting Artemis lead; the poor captain was always spending hours memorizing maps of the vents that other teams provided—another chore of the job that Mazarin didn’t miss.
He followed his path until it reached a dead end, where he expected another fork to be, though his orientation insisted they were where they needed to be. He was just about to give up and admit he was lost when his peripheral vision spotted a vent opening.
“Ta-da!” He kicked it loose, and a spill of white light poured in to mingle with the dim colored light of their swords: Mazarin’s light blue, Evander’s yellow-white, and Omar’s orange.
“This is the inside of the Research Facility,” Mazarin pointed. Evander nodded, but Omar looked skeptical.
“Are you sure?” Omar said.
“As sure as I am that if you keep doubting me, I’m going to beat you until you bleed,” Mazarin said.
“Just checking,” Omar said.
Mazarin led the three of them down into the Research Facility’s hallway, and he replaced the panel. “Okay, scatter into that closet,” he whispered, and quite ridiculously, they tried to hide in a small janitorial closet. Barely fitting, they closed the door and tried to suppress their groaning from the squeeze.
Footsteps walked by and ignored them. However they managed it, the hiding had worked. “Okay, Omar, get out and stand watch,” Mazarin ordered, and he tapped his watch.
“Okay, Art, we’re inside,” he said quietly.
“About time, we’ve been waiting in the vents over Laboratory 14 for a long time now, waiting for you, wondering if you’d ever get there,” Artemis said back.
Evander laughed and tapped his own watch, “Omar and I were wondering the same thing.”
“Okay, okay, we’re here now; where do you want us?” Mazarin said.
“Evander, keep this line clean unless you have an emergency or an assignment; this isn’t a chat line,” Artemis said.
Mazarin saw Evander look embarrassed, and he almost laughed.
“We need a diversion. Your part of the team will watch for guards and divert the scientists’ attention; the rest of us are going to grab and run. You can follow us through the vents, but make sure we get out first. We’re here whenever you’re ready,” Artemis said.
“Diversion, is it? My favorite,” Mazarin said, and he tapped off his watch.
“Okay, we’re not going to bother with making this fancy like Artemis does. Omar, you watch the hall; Rookie, you follow me—we’re going to trash Lab 14.”
Mazarin led Evander down a few halls until they figured out how the lab numbering went. They were careful to avoid people until they found a door marked “Lab 14,” where they left Omar in the hall to stand watch.
“The door’s locked, so I’ll give you the honors,” Mazarin beckoned, and Evander walked up to the door, taking out his gavinwrench.
For the next half a minute, Mazarin stood nervously in the hallway sweating, expecting to see guards or scientists wandering the hall at any moment, “Hurry up,” he said to Evander, who was fumbling with the wrench, spinning it probably as fast as he ever had.
“I’m going as fast as I can,” Evander whispered back indignantly.
In the silence, Mazarin could just feel the time passing; this wasn’t supposed to go so slowly.
“TOO LONG,” Mazarin shouted and kicked Evander out of the way as Fang came crashing down on the door, splitting it open. Mazarin kicked the rest of the door in and burst inside, where he met a dozen horrified scientists scurrying around several tables.
“I only needed one more second,” Evander said from behind him.
Mazarin led the way, hacking and slashing at random tables, displays, and computers while running the scientists out of the room, each holding tiny black boxes and pressing red buttons until alarms began to scream. “Now, the party gets started,” Mazarin said, continuing to chase them out but having no intention of actually harming them. Men, women, whatever, he chased them from the room in a flurry while Evander kept slashing his own sword, Truth, at whatever he could see.
Artemis and the others dropped in from the ceiling vent and grabbed unspoiled pieces of the project; the rest, Evander and Mazarin destroyed. Within seconds, Kedric, Nero, Artemis, and Bria had grabbed handfuls of ore samples, minerals, schematics, discs, and other items and disappeared back into the vents.
Omar came into the room yelling, “Blackmask!”
“I hate party crashers,” Mazarin said. “Okay, Rookie, up the vent,” he watched Evander stare up at it for a moment.
“I–it’s too high,” Evander said.
“No, it’s not too high!” Mazarin kicked him, and Evander jumped up with outstretched fingers, missing the top. “Focus, focus!”
He watched Evander try again, miss it by an inch, and fall back to the ground. Okay, Omar, with me. He led Omar to the door, where they flanked it on either side. As soon as the guards poured in, both their blades came down on them. A couple of the black-uniformed men collapsed to the ground in a gory mess, but only after a spray of energy fired toward Evander, narrowly missing him.
“TRY AGAIN!” Mazarin shouted, and he readied himself for the next wave. Another shot fired from behind the door toward the center of the room. Mazarin’s eyes traced it to where Evander jumped up, barely in time, and his hand was caught by Kedric’s, who pulled him up the rest of the way.
“Mazarin! Get your group out of there!” Artemis’s voice sounded down from the vent opening.
“I’M TRYING!” Mazarin shouted back as he and Omar cut through another pair of black-uniformed Maskies. “Okay, Omar, go!”
“But you need…”
“GO!” Mazarin screamed, and he faced the door himself, seeing several dozen more Blackmask soldiers heading down the hallway for the lab.
“And close the vent behind you!”
“No…” Omar said.
“MOVE, DOOFUS, MOVE!” Mazarin screamed back and took a stab out the door at a new attacker, goring him against Fang. He turned back around to get a better footing and was pleased to see that Omar had obeyed him and was gone, the panel replaced at the ceiling top. He retreated as a volley of photons blasted his way, a dance of three different colors, yellow, purple, and red. He dodged the first two and caught the third by the edge of his sword, which absorbed it, giving him a slight tingle but otherwise leaving him unaffected.
He re-sheathed the blade and tumbled back, feeling slight burns as the energy slightly grazed his forearm and thigh. He threw himself sideways, out of harm’s blast, and made for a side wall, running up it, letting his adrenaline power his every muscle, and feeling the surge of his own energy fuel his every movement. It was a delicate situation. He made it a point to dodge in the most erratic and least expected fashion, never heading in the same direction for more than an instant, so much that most of his attackers were now firing random bursts every which way.
He saw his chance and let himself fall back to the floor, where he rebounded and leaped skyward for the vent opening, knocking the panel into the vent. He felt his full body come down into the small rectangular tunnel with a tuck and roll, and he tiredly collapsed there. He rolled over, threw the panel back over the hole, and only after it snapped shut would he take a deep breath.
He lay still, panting, recovering himself for a few moments and taking off toward the Complex at a run, his feet pounding him back through the vents.
This had better have been an extremely good discovery.

***

Maybe it was because Mazarin and Omar almost didn’t get out alive or because he was too much of a liability. Still, for whatever reason, Evander noticed that the past several weeks since Alpha broke into Lab 14, the occasional missions were of lower priority.
No one made any effort to hide it. Sometimes, Artemis’s briefing before they left would be as short as five minutes. Some missions would be as short as an hour, small tasks such as stealing drywall or industrial supplies to help finish some Complex areas or invade surplus facilities and bring back furnishings. Evander was sure this was how the Order had become the tiny underground metropolis that it now was, by little missions like these, and so he knew they were important, but they were easy.
Too easy for Alpha Team. The Patriarch used these missions as an excuse to keep the Team out of the field without explaining why. Evander stayed as tight-lipped as he could, but on occasion, he would get out of bed early for water or to go to the washroom, and he would find Mazar up and awake, fully dressed. He would see him sometimes leaving and other times coming, and Evander wondered if Mazar’s night disappearances had anything to do with it.
Something was up; something was on the move, and just because Evander didn’t know what it was, he desperately wanted to.
But all he would get from Mazar was an occasional, “Don’t worry about it,” as he shrugged it off. And though Evander had become friends with the other group members, with at least Omar, he didn’t feel like talking to the other man about such a subject. He could just imagine the round-faced fighter-mechanic cracking a joke or two and laughing the situation off, probably teasing Evander more than a little. And Kedric was too quiet to say much to. Evander knew he could confide in him, but the other man—Evander didn’t know if he was quite all there. Nero was simply too cold and distant, and both Artemis and Bria seemed to snub Evander. He presumed it was because he was so green, or maybe because it was his fault the team wasn’t breaking into Blackmask HQ or some such adventure. No, no one but Mazar could be trusted, except maybe Cutter, who was always nice to Evander, but he was too old and distant to really make Evander feel comfortable talking to him. Quite simply, he was left to himself, and he knew it.
That morning, it was no surprise when Evander found a scribbled note pinned to his door.
Mission today—meet at 9:00 AM
He burned the extra time feeding off the nutrient outlet and working out a little extra in the gym. When his watch finally said 9:00, he was already sitting at the Alpha Team room's square table.
“All right, everyone, it’s back to work,” Artemis told them, his head shifting from face to face. Mazar paced the room like he usually did but could be heard muttering his indignation for the past spell of boring baby missions.
“I cannot believe this! Why is Alpha Team running around doing stupid errands?” Mazar continued.
Others had apparently noticed his mumbling because Nero soon joined the fray, “Honestly, Artemis, isn’t there something you can do? I mean, at least ask the Patriarch why we’ve been running around collecting fabric for new jumpsuits and pillows and…”
“Whatever the Patriarch wants us to do, we do,” Artemis stated simply. “But the good news is that today we have a mission of a little more importance than fabric theft.”
Artemis continued, “Cutter and the Patriarch, and I believe Kedric also,” the man nodded from his position on the floor, “have made a few determinations from what we stole from Lab 14.” Every ear cocked to a better listening position, finally some real news. Evander was no exception, and he hung on Artemis’s words with new fixation. “It’s not clear, but it seems to be some kind of design. They’re onto us, and they’re outfitting new weapons to use against us.”
“Such as what?” Nero said. “Bigger sticks?” he mocked.
“I suggest you take this seriously,” Artemis chided, “I am not sure what, but we know they are developing an… experiment if you will. Whatever it is, it’s so classified we’ve scarcely caught more than the word, ‘machines,’ and the datadiscs we stole had all data encrypted, but we did figure one thing out.”
Everyone listened and waited for Artemis to resume.
“Polymatter,” Artemis said at last.
“Polymatter?” Bria said with her sweet but confident voice.
Artemis shrugged, “Your guesses are as good as mine, but we need to steal a sample of it. The only reference on the Archives to Polymatter that we’ve found is that it is in use at Sarsky Munitions Facility about seven districts away.”
“I like munitions,” Mazar said, rubbing his palms together.
“The basic plan is this,” Artemis said, and out came the usual diagrams. Evander understood them much better now and watched the pictures and maps of vents, simple diagrams become replaced by his own memory of them. They became real in his head as Artemis shuffled the different charts and displayed each one.
From what Evander knew, the group would take a less than direct route through the vents, drop out of a large inlay vent inside the facility’s barracks, overpower the guards, and break into the storage room. If others hadn’t, Evander was ready to protest.
“Why don’t we just drop into the storage room from the vents that lead to it?” Nero said.
“Because we want to fight,” Mazar said.
Artemis ignored the comment, “Because the ventilation in the storage room is a series of small vents, too small for any of us to travel through.”
“But what about all those soldiers? It’s too dangerous,” Bria said. Evander saw that Artemis turned and gave her his full attention, actually listened to her, perhaps considering only her opinion other than his own.
“Bria, there are only four guards, and with the element of surprise…” Artemis said.
“But you mean to kill them?” Bria said.
“No, pretty missy, he means we’ll sip tea with them and talk them into letting us get into the storage room,” Mazar said.
“Mazarin, that is enough; Bria, continue.” Evander saw Artemis look directly at Bria, the two’s eyes locked together, and a twinge of emotion fluttered through himself. Evander didn’t know what it was, just that it disturbed him, and then it was gone.
“There has to be some other way, some way without killing,” she whispered to him; each word she spoke more slowly than its predecessor as her protest seemed to dissipate in his attention. Evander felt sick; perhaps Artemis could charm Bria, but he couldn’t charm Evander.
“Artemis,” Evander said with more intensity than he had thought, “Artemis, four people are going to die. Their lives erased from existence—if we can avoid it, we’d better.”
There were entertained “oohs” around the room, and clearly, the rest of the room regarded Evander’s comment as a challenge. Artemis ripped himself from Bria’s gaze and stared down Evander, his narrow dark eyes stabbing into Evander’s like icicles. Still, Evander did not back down.
Then, very quietly but very powerfully, Artemis said, “Evander, you are a fool. You do not understand a quarter of what our experience has given us. You don’t understand. With every mission the Patriarch gives us, it is for one purpose, to preserve our lives. The lives of eighty-two people hang in the balance, our lives—lives we can’t jeopardize. Do you suggest that we trade everyone here for the sake of these four mind-numbed men?”
Silence. Evander wanted to slap back with words of his own, but he couldn’t think of any. To his surprise, none other than Mazar came to bail him out, even though it meant going against his clear best friend, Artemis.
“Art, not every mission is for that purpose,” Mazar said. “I hardly believe that the Order hangs on the line as we frolic around for cloth, fabrics, or a few extra drinks from the Cookery.” There were a few laughs, but Artemis’s eyes looked betrayed.
“They hang in the balance if ye don’t want to be walking about naked,” Omar said.
Artemis slammed his hand flat against the table, silencing the room. An open display of anger, something Evander had never seen Artemis show, and from the surprised faces of the others, they hadn’t either. Had this issue really upset Artemis so much that it transcended his impressive self-control, or was something else plaguing him, and he was venting?
“As captain, I make the decision; this is not open for vote or discussion. But for the sake of morale, I will let everyone have their three-word say to prove my plan is still in the majority’s interest, and it better be…” Artemis said with a quiet half-threat in his tone. “Starting here,” he pointed at Nero, “and going around the room,” Artemis said.
“Fine, Sir!” Nero said, patting his sword. Of course, Evander would expect such coldness from him.
“I’ll follow the captain,” Omar said loyally.
“Aye,” Mazar said.
“Whatever it takes,” Kedric said. Evander was shocked at this blatant disregard for life.
“I’m against it,” Bria said, finally some shred of decency and sense, “but it’s not my place to go against the captain,” she said shortly after. Great, just great, alone. Evander thought of what he would say.
“And Evander is not entitled to an opinion since he doesn’t have the field experience to back it up,” Artemis said.
“Hear, Hear!” Nero agreed.
“What?” Evander said, but he was silenced by Artemis, who continued describing the mission. A mission Evander knew he would hate. Whatever this ‘polymatter’ was, it had better be more valuable than four peoples’ lives.


CHAPTER 11

“Travis, are you sure this will work?” the voice said over his computer screen. Travis dropped his notebook, breathed a few indignant breaths, ran two stressful hands through his distraught hair, and walked back to the screen.
“Look,” he said boldly, “we’ve done everything we can but be patient. That’s the last ingredient in the recipe. The bait is out; the trap is set. Now we go to bed and wait for the furry rodent to get greedy and die.”
“But this is too sloppy; what if they…?”
“What if they what? If they’re out there, which we believe, they’ll go for it. They want to know what it is because we made them believe we could kill them with it. When they come to get it, we show them what we can really kill them with, follow?” Travis continued, “The Cybernetics Corps already assures me their unit is outfitted, tested, armed, and in place. Now, we wait; work on something else, and don’t stress about it.”
“Now, I can see why they promoted you,” the other man said, “because you don’t seem to care much about anything, typical leadership requisite.”
“That’s talk that can send you to the sand dunes before bedtime; you know that, right?” Travis said. “I’ve heard that Wasteland isn’t a happy place. But maybe when I have you sent there, you can send me an e-mail all about it.”
“Wasteland doesn’t have computer hookups.”
“Your loss, not mine.”
“And you don’t have any of that power; that’s the Tribunal.”
“Oh, come on, man!” Travis said, “Blackmask and the Lord Protector control everything; the Tribunal is as much a puppet as the Council is.”
“Now, THAT is talk that could get someone sent to Wasteland.”
“No,” Travis corrected, “THAT is talk that could get me sent to the incinerators, so, before you get me into any real trouble, goodbye,” he clicked off the computer and got back to work.
Number IV was a very intriguing model, and it proved dangerous, despite the maximum security inside the darkrooms. It had already killed two scientists and was making the tests very difficult. Still, they had discovered how the body reacted to the pulsar energies, feeding off them. The overload theory had to be scratched.
And hopefully, before the day was out, the cybot theory could be tested. But whether it proved effective or not, there was still the REAL weapon in development.
Travis scratched a few more notes on the prototype diagram he was reading and called it a night.
Drifting into sleep, he thought about what the morning news would bring him, a few more dead Hybrids perhaps? A plan to remove them, a promotion—he slept very peacefully.

***

The vents proved to be as fascinating a maze as they always had been. Evander followed the team in his usual position, by Omar, until his feet and limbs were sore. Fortunately, by then, Artemis had signaled a stop.
Again, the team was divided, but this time into pairs. To his dismay, Evander was paired with Nero instead of Omar or Mazar. Bria had already gone ahead as reconnaissance, disguised in her chameleon cloak. Omar went with Artemis and Mazar with Kedric.
They split into different vents after pairing, each leading to either the barracks room or the hall just outside. Evander’s particular path led to the hall. No doubt he had been stuffed there because Artemis couldn’t trust him actually to kill the guards, and as far as Evander knew, Artemis was right.
However, Nero was very disappointed at being sent from the battle to “pick up” any guards that fled into the hallway, and Nero was perfectly willing to criticize and curse Evander, who tried to give the words no real attention.
They removed the panel and looked down at the drop to the metal floor, not even remotely intimidating to Evander anymore, who had practiced jumps and falls obsessively since almost costing Mazar and Omar their lives in the last “real mission.”
But instead of plopping down to the ground, they stayed at the ceiling top, peering down at the peaceful door that led to the barracks room.
Nothing happened, and a few minutes passed by in silence. Nero looked tense and mildly excited. Evander was horrified, and then they saw Artemis and Omar walk through the door, flanked by Mazar and Kedric. For a fleeting moment, Evander was excited that they had slipped through without a fight until he saw traces of fresh blood stained to Artemis’s two daggers, which he still held defensively.
“Took care of them in their beds, I suspect,” Nero said.
Evander wanted to curse, wanted to shout or scream. If the guards were asleep, then why did they have to be killed?
Nero must have read the expression on Evander’s face. “We can’t take any chances,” Nero said. Evander frowned, dissatisfied.
Artemis signaled, and both Nero and Evander dropped to the floor in silence; the reunited group met Bria in an adjacent hall.
“Everything looks clear except for a weird whining noise, like a broken nutrient machine, but it stopped a few seconds after I arrived. I haven’t heard it since,” Bria said.
Evander and the others didn’t know what to make of it, and it actually seemed to alarm Artemis, who froze rigid for half a moment. Had he had more time to tell, Evander may have thought it was indecision, but before he could think much, Artemis dashed out of his stupor and said, “Let’s get in and get out fast!”
The group proceeded as planned, with Artemis and Omar at the head, slipping into the first storage room, Mazar and Kedric into the second, and Nero and Evander into the third. Bria remained behind, cloaked, watching the way they had come and all the doors for followers who might interfere.
It was cold and dark in the third storage room. Evander and Nero entered it slowly and quietly. After listening for a few moments, Nero drew his blade. Following his cue, Evander drew Truth. The yellowy-white light permeated some of the nearby darkness, and he used it to search the shelves, drawers, and tables with Nero. Both were unsure what they were looking for, just simply looked to grab anything interesting. The problem was, there didn’t seem to be anything anywhere.
“Can you see anything?” Evander whispered.
“Nah, it’s all… gone,” Nero said, and he tapped his watch; a slight glow from it joined the dim light of their swords.
“Art, I think the third storage room is an extra because there’s nothing here.”
Silence.
“There’s nothing here either,” Artemis said. Pause. “Nero and Mazar, get your teams out now!” Artemis said. “Bria, head home!” The watch clicked off, and a tickle of horror made Evander shudder.
Nero looked frantic. “Let’s do as the man says!” he said, and they both ran for the door. Before he could reach it, something slammed into Evander’s chin and knocked him to the ground. It felt cold and hard, like a pole. He jumped back to his feet, his sword raised, and felt a stream of blood run down his face and had to ignore it.
The light sprung on, and a strange robot-like mesh of gears, tracts, wheels, and rotary blades and cylinders came toward him like a crazed man swinging four or five weapons at once, at beyond-human speeds. Evander retreated a few steps, thinking about how to get past this new demon to get through the door. On the other side, he saw Nero had reached it and turned around.
The machine lurched forward, and a blade flying in a circle, fast enough to take off his head, came at him. He forced Truth in the way. The sword blocked the blade without taking a scratch as Mazar had said, but the vibration that went through it and shook Evander’s arms was intense, and Truth almost flew from his grasp.
A second bladed arm was now coming in and, without wasting another moment, Nero was charging back toward the robot, coming back to help Evander.
“What are you doing?” Evander said as he jumped to the side, narrowly avoiding a blade. Nero had made it and threw his own sword into the action. It was met by four more blades that unfolded out from the metallic creature’s back, perfectly blocking his every skilled slice, his every attempt at severing the creature’s internal wiring—the central box and head that seemed to be running the thing. And as he ducked another quick blow, Evander saw a sort of jewel-like censor on the head—if only he could smash that.
Evander jumped back into harm’s way and took a stab; the machine reacted perfectly. Its movements and reflexes were perfect, and it knocked him aside, though its forceful parry prevented it from hitting Evander with another blade arm. Evander rolled farther away and stood up, ready to charge back at it.
Nero was struggling, dodging, and dancing between parries and strafes. The man showed a kind of skill Evander still only dreamed of. Evander froze rigidly into place. He couldn’t abandon Nero—not after Nero had saved his life.
At that moment, a vent panel exploded, and a spray of colored energy blasted from the ceiling and crashed into the cybot.
“ARTEMIS SAYS GO! I’LL COVER YOU!” Bria shouted down to them.
“YOU HEARD HER, MOVE!” Nero cried to the side as a pole smashed into his ribs, sending him in a scattered heap to the floor a few feet away. Evander ran to block the next barrage of attacks from the eight-armed, spider-like machine, but he was too slow. Instead, he watched the machine pound into Nero’s broken body mercilessly with its blinding fast appendages. Blades ripped into his face and chest while the blunt poles beat his jaw and face into a pulpish ooze, all in a matter of seconds while Evander stood there. His stomach churning and aghast, and vomit soared from his mouth; it was hideous, disgusting, and unreal.
“RUN!” Bria screamed. Evander’s senses caught up to him, and he bolted from the room. The machine, having finished with Nero, was not far behind him. Its scurrying, scampering feet gave way to treads that extended from its boxy center. It rolled on the flat ground with a speed that easily matched Evander’s fastest, adrenaline-stimulated, feet-pumping frenzy he’d ever had.
He saw the open hole ahead of him, the vent hanging from the ceiling. If he could just get to it and jump—there would be no second try this time. He neared it, closer, closer, felt a whirring blade scratch the very tip of his back and leaped. Tucking his legs inside, rolling himself into a ball, soaring up, and he smacked into the ceiling and collapsed spread-eagle toward the ground, his hands barely able to protect his face from hitting directly. His aim had been off; it was over.
He turned over and stood up, surprised he hadn’t felt sharp tentacles splice his ribs and face. He was even more surprised and pleased to see the broken shards of another cybot in a room adjacent to his, motionlessly resting, thoroughly destroyed. And even better was the sight of Mazar, Artemis, and Omar all battling the cybot that had been pursuing him—the cybot that had killed Nero.
With renewed vigor, he ran toward the chaos of blades, at least twelve of them, four glowing colorfully, brightly, full of fire and life. All were clashing and clanging in the torrent of noise. He threw his own into the mesh, beating at the arms, trying to break them off while they were preoccupied, parrying the more skillful slashes of the other fighters.
“SCATTER!” Kedric yelled unseen. Evander didn’t know what it meant, but when Artemis and all the others began running away from the cybot, Evander did too. When he was several meters away, he heard a deafening explosion behind him, and bits of shrapnel flew up into his back, and tinier pieces cut into his ear. He could feel the small scratches beginning to heal. He turned to see the cybot destroyed and Kedric hanging from the vent opening with a small round explosive in his hand. Seeing the vanquished remains of their adversary, he defused his second bomb and disappeared up the vent.
In the distance, they could all hear sirens springing to life. The noise was perfectly audible in the better part of the district.
“Okay, everyone up and out!” Artemis shouted, and they all jumped up the vent. Evander even made it this time. “Mazarin, Kedric, Bria, Evander, Omar…” Evander heard him say their names as they ran by. “Where’s Nero?” he said. Evander turned back around.
“He’s…dead.”
“What?” Artemis said in a shout.
“There wasn’t anything I could do—I tried. I… he’s gone,” Evander said.
“Go, go home before others get here,” Artemis said, and Evander obediently turned back around for home. “Mazarin, lead them home. I’m going back to see if there’s anything I can do for Nero.”
“Aye, but are you sure you want to go back? Do you want me to go too?” Mazar asked.
“I’m fine! Just go!” Artemis said.
Evander didn’t hear anything else. He passed around a twist in the vents, following Omar’s footsteps, trying to blank the image of Nero being dashed to pieces from his mind.

***

Evander could feel the Alpha Team conference room was more solemn and melancholy than usual. Even Mazar sat with the rest of the team. Everyone huddled around the table together, wordlessly breathing and thinking. Finally, the door swung open and closed again. Evander looked up to see Artemis half-ragged with a torn jumpsuit and sporting a few bruises but otherwise intact. Bria let out a relieved gasp, and she leaped from the table and ran to his arms, which caught her. The two clung together for several moments, so closely, and kissed.
The display of affection didn’t seem to affect anyone else in the room except Evander. Before, such displays as he’d seen between aristocrats and later some other people in the Order: lips locked, arms around each other—they had all seemed disgusting—repulsive, pointless physical contact, nothing more. But over the past several weeks, he had grown more accustomed to them, understood them, and a very small part inside of him was jealous. He was envious of Artemis, who held Bria’s beautifully delicate frame in his grasp, up against his face and chest.
Evander looked away, and the thought of Nero came back. Artemis and Bria rejoined the table, and there were several whispers of, “I’m glad you’re safe,” and, “Welcome back, Artemis,” but Evander said nothing. When the novelty of knowing Artemis hadn’t turned into another Nero wore off, Artemis asked the group a question.
“What do you think would have happened if Evander had been our captain and we let the guards live?” Artemis said.
Evander immediately wondered why he was being singled out and attacked. This was stupid. The group was already torn in two over Nero's loss; this additional stress was brutal and unnecessary.
“We would all be dead,” Artemis said. “And for a man who values the enemies’ lives so much, he did little to protect his friends’ lives. Nero was with you when he died. He did not abandon you; he died fighting for you. But you,” Artemis looked at Evander with subtle rage, “you did nothing but run.”
“That’s not true!” Evander said, “Yes, Nero saved my life, and I couldn’t save him, but I fought, and when I ran, it was under your orders.” He remembered Bria appearing from the ceiling vent and telling him that Artemis ordered him to run. Speaking of which, how did Bria fit into the vent?
“Evander, you lie. I gave no such order, and you should have fought with every ounce of your pathetic life to help save that man!” Artemis said.
“Bria came and said so!” Evander said. They both looked toward Bria, whose face blanched.
“Yes, it’s true, Art. I wanted him to live—I told him you said to run.” She looked away. Evander didn’t know what made her do that for him and couldn’t guess. She’d always seemed so distant, so against him for being Mazar’s friend, though wasn’t Artemis also Mazar’s friend?
“And Artemis, how did Bria fit through those vents into the storage room?” Evander threw this accusation into the fire too. “The same vents you told us that none of us could fit through, the very reason why you said we had to kill those guards?” Evander’s voice raised, and he saw Artemis’s face shift back toward Evander, icy eyes livid with fury.
“Now, this isn’t gettin’ us anywhere,” Omar tried to interject. “Why don’t we tell a few jokes and forget it all?” It was desperate, and it was totally futile. Had Nero not died, perhaps a joke could have been a valid cure, but even Evander was disgusted by Omar’s jovial solution to every problem: laugh at it.
“Evander!” Artemis walked toward him. “How dare you accuse the captain!” His fingers twitched over where Evander knew he had his concealed blades, and Evander felt an inclination to draw Truth but resisted—for the moment.
“THE END!” Mazar screamed as Fang came smashing down on the table, collapsing it in half with a powerful crash. He re-raised the sword and looked everyone in the eyes, hot, belligerent, reckless Mazar. “All right, that’s it! My friend is out there.” He pointed in a random direction. “Dead. And my living friends are at each other’s throats!” He looked at Artemis and Evander, then back at the others. “AND I TELL YOU, I’VE HAD ENOUGH! This ends now! Everyone goes to bed!”
Artemis looked at Mazar dismissively and started back toward Evander. “Listen!” he said, drawing Evander back onto his guard.
Mazar stepped between them and shoved Artemis, the aggressor, away from Evander. He flew sprawled backward over the broken table. “I mean it!” Mazar insisted. A moment later, Artemis was back on his feet with a hint of fury in his eye as he looked at Mazar. No doubt, his pride was crippled, but he thought better of fighting him. Instead, he left the room in silence, colder, darker, and more distant than ever. Bria followed him out, trying to console him. Mazar shrugged and looked at the rest, who remained, “Nero is dead; there’s nothing more we can do about that. We’re lucky we’re still alive, especially you, Evander. I hope you live up to the life Nero traded his own to preserve.”
They went their separate ways in silence, remorseful, hating, and full of emotions. As Evander went into his room, he felt too full of energy to sleep or even consider it. He left and wandered the Complex until he found the Patriarch’s door. He knocked, but this time he wasn’t timid. He felt insane.
“Ah, yes, Evander, Artemis already told me about Nero, and I assure you, Cutter is trying to use the Archives to find everything he can… or are you here for something else?”
“We need to talk,” Evander said.
The Patriarch nodded, and the two entered his office and closed the door. It was surprisingly larger than the Alpha Team Conference room, which wasn’t especially large but used by several people; only one person used this office.
“Patriarch, I am for the cause of freeing our brothers and sisters lost in Civilization because I am glad that I’m free,” Evander started.
“Good,” the Patriarch nodded approvingly,
“But there are things that concern me,” Evander said. The Patriarch nodded as if to say, go on. “People die, too many people…”
“Yes, Arkkon and Nero are both tragic losses, and whatever killed Nero is a powerful threat. One we’re working on even as we speak to deal with, but yes, two too many have died, and some more, I suspect, will before it’s all over. Sacrifices of honor, though, martyrs.”
Evander frowned, “But to just our people. Their people die too, too many of them. They are people too,” Evander was flustered and didn’t know what he was saying or doing, probably making himself look like a fool in front of the Patriarch.
“Yes, whenever any life dies, it is a tragedy,” the Patriarch said. “But I assure you, they don’t know the same pain; they are not truly alive like we are. And though some or many may get in the way, if we are not reckless, it is to be understood when they die. All of this is part of evolution. All this is progress toward true liberty for all of us, true unity and camaraderie inside this Order.”
“But Patriarch,” Evander said, “Captain Artemis is being reckless. He already made it clear he doesn’t care about the deaths or the killing…”
The Patriarch sighed and looked at Evander for several long, unnerving moments. “You have a skill, Evander,” he said, “a skill that Artemis has and Mazarin, a skill that all good leaders here have had but have had to learn to control. You are passionate, and you are aware, but you must bridle your passion. It is good to fight for every life; you’ve seen Mazarin and Artemis in battle, fighting beside you, defending you and the others, haven’t you?”
“Yes.”
“Did you know that Mazarin was the first captain? That he didn’t learn how to bridle his passions, control his pride, or his anger? These were his downfalls, and he was demoted, removed from a position where he could potentially harm other people. Did you know all of this?”
“No.”
“Artemis has incredible self-control, has learned to bridle his sense of fear, and can accept negative consequences and move on. Were you to follow in his footsteps, you too would be as great or greater.”
Evander was stunned. Was the Patriarch actually saying this to him? Evander? Who had only been in the Order for months, not years?
“Don’t fall as Mazarin did, but rise like Artemis. Be my son,” the Patriarch said. It was a strange concept. Family, the right reserved to the aristocracy and the Honor houses, and after their conversation concluded and Evander did go to bed, it was this thought that stayed in his mind. And he wondered what it would be like to be a son, a real son.

***

“The trap worked,” the voice said back over the computer screen, “but not as well as you predicted.”
Travis looked back into the woman’s narrow eyes, “Alice, you are my partner, you are my coworker, you are not my commander, and you are not my subordinate. I don’t like working with you any more than you like working with me. Still, we have to work together to have any success against the rampant insurgency somewhere deep inside our Civilization.”
She dismissed that he’d said anything at all, “One of them was found dead, too mangled to be recognizable. The Archives didn’t match his DNA with any on record,” she said, her flaming red hair added to her untempered appearance.
“Yes, yes, yes, that’s already been established!” Travis said, feeling frustrated. “The Wraith is working with them, deleting their DNA when they abduct them; that’s why they’ve been claiming new members without being caught until recently.”
“And how many have they claimed since Eric XXII?” she asked.
“None,” he said quickly, “that I’m aware of,” he added before she could say anything else.
“But you know as well as I that there’s no way to really keep tabs on everyone. A hundred more could have disappeared just as easy as a single one,” she said, looking at him accusingly.
“And—this is supposed to be my fault somehow?” he said, his very tone mocking her.
“You haven’t found a solution yet…” she taunted.
“What? And you have?” Travis said.
“Strip the funding from the cybot program and redirect all of it into the new weapon, mass-produce it, give it to every soldier, and be rid of the problem right at the source when it happens,” she said.
“There’s no guarantee that will work,” he shot back. “We can’t even fathom that until we have a working model, a working prototype of this new weapon, and test it on Number IV, make sure the idea really works. In the meantime, we use the cybots to defend critical areas or update the bots to track through the waterworks, looking for their lair…”
“That’s ridiculous and too expensive!” she said, infuriated. “And, might I add, they launched fund into the cybot proposal without needing a proven prototype.”
“That’s because we had no other ideas to go off of!” Travis said, “You forget; I was there, sitting with the Council and the Lord Protector.”
“The same Council you said were puppets.”
“I did not!” he lied.
“Don’t play games with me, Travis. I want this infestation gone as much as you do, but if we’re going to work together, we’re going to take care of it my way,” she said.
“WHAT?” Travis said. “We’re going to do it the most logical way. So far, the prototypes of the cybots proved effective; we must continue until something else more viable comes together AND is proven…” He clicked off the computer. He then typed a note to the Cybernetics Corps about some new ideas but found his thinking flustered with hate toward Alice. Why did he have to have her as a colleague? He’d rather have Velix Vortin, the epitome of Blackmask. But after he had thought about that too, he realized that Blackmask was equally stupid. Why did he have to be surrounded by so much incompetence?!

***

Nero is dead. Today, everything came crashing down on me. I’ve never lost one of my own on a mission until today. I was stimulated during the mission but thought I could handle it, and afterward, when its effects hadn’t yet worn off, I almost disunited my team. Though, to my very grave, I will blame Evander’s insulant stupidity. His very existence is the core of the problem, and my need for the energy surges adds to it. I am also at fault and should have said something sooner. Every day, I feel weaker, and I can’t go scarcely half a day without absolutely craving the pistol’s effects. So far, no one has any idea, but I feel my self-control deteriorating. Every day, it is easier to grow foolish and angry like Mazarin; every day, it is easier to hate openly instead of quietly. I’m losing the confidence of myself and my fellows, and everything is stacking against me. I must get your help now before the situation worsens.
At this point, Artemis launched to his feet and threw one of his daggers into the wall in wrath. It stuck into it with a clang, and he deleted the message. He would endure; his strength would win the day.


CHAPTER 12

It had been fewer than three days since Nero’s death and the tension that immediately followed it. Evander hid his unrest under the facades of half-smiles and decent conduct, but he was still as livid as ever. He traveled with the team and paid close attention to Mazar and Artemis, a close friendship that seemed on the verge of bursting in a violent rupture. Mutual taunts and attacks were co-exchanged ever since Mazar had challenged Artemis by shoving him away from Evander, and as Evander saw it, it was his fault again that a problem had occurred.
Had it not been for him, Nero would still be alive, and Artemis and Mazar would still be friends. Now the tension between team members seemed so thick that Evander could choke on it. It was disgusting, and the only other person who showed any notice was Bria, but instead of turning away from it, she endeavored to help it. She tried to pull Artemis back to her countless times, it seemed. Evander watched her coddle him, flatter him, encourage him, and he snubbed her. Or he abused her by using her physically until she was exhausted but giving her desperate opinions no consideration. Still, she foolishly didn’t give up on Artemis and continuously tried to please him, and for some strange reason, Evander hated Artemis all the more for it.
This morning, though, they all met in the conference room, sitting in chairs around a broken table as Artemis pulled out more diagrams, everyone pretending that nothing had ever happened.
“We were all surprised to see the metal monster that… killed Nero, but we’ve learned about it since,” Artemis said.
Nobody moved. Everybody was interested, but nobody moved; no one wanted to hear it. Evander could tell everyone wanted to be back in their ignorance. This knowledge was pain, yet Artemis continued.
“Cutter discovered that Talcomm has instigated a project to eradicate us all. They know of our existence, and from what we can tell, they know a little more than we’d like them to.”
Everyone waited for Omar to insert his usual joke, but he didn’t. He simply frowned and looked down like most everyone in the room.
“The beasts are called cybots, and they’re designed to be quick, flexible, reflexive, and fight blade to blade. They’re designed to fight what Blackmask has had such a difficult time doing; they’re designed to fight us, and right now, they are producing a second batch of eleven more, updated, superior model cybots.”
There were groans, and everyone showed disdain, especially Mazarin, who cursed violently and began to beat the broken table with his hands for a few moments.
“The mission of the day is to infiltrate the facility and destroy as much equipment as possible, set them back enough until we figure out a more effective way of dealing with it. The only briefing is this, get your swords.”
Despite the tension, there were some cheers; no one wanted to fight them again. No one wanted to face the metal monsters, but everyone wanted to avenge Nero. Nero had been crude at times and cold, but in the end, he proved loyal and had become a hero by becoming a martyr. His service that day with the cybot had made Arkkon’s look pathetic. Even Artemis and Mazarin had seemed tear-jerked, though they didn’t cry.
“Let’s not forget Nero,” Artemis said, and with that sentiment, the group again rallied together. Evander was disgusted that their uniting tie was simply their mutual hatred toward the cybots—their mutual bloodlust for vengeance held them together. It was repulsive, but even Evander joined with them again for those reasons; he was not above going back into battle for what Nero had done for him.

***

Evander watched from his point, staring through the vent panel at the treadmills bringing parts through the machine-works, which were slowly assembling the cybots. A few technicians scurried about, keeping things running smoothly, and the process was slow and painstaking, but the machines being produced were deadly. Evander tightened his grip on Truth and waited for the signal.
Everything was set up, and everyone was in position. It was all a matter of Bria giving Artemis the signal and him signaling the rest of them, who all were tense and more than eager to pounce. But the time passed, and no signal came. Evander secretly suspected that Bria was delaying the signal to wait for the technicians to get out of harm’s way, and he approved of her secret motive, though he knew Artemis would not.
Evander felt a vibration on his watch, and he knew Artemis was giving the signal, and of course, the technicians were still there. Had they been Bria’s motive for waiting, she had been ignored.
With nothing to lose, Evander kicked the panel out and dropped to the ground. With him but from other vents came Artemis, Kedric, Mazar, and Omar, surrounding the long rectangular room. Without wasting a moment, Evander charged forward at the treadmill and took a slice at it with Truth, slowing the procedure. The technicians ran for the alarms, but Mazar quickly cut them down. Evander turned to see Artemis and Omar begin dismantling cybots, and Kedric lined the machinery with plastic explosives.
Time was critical, so everyone worked their fastest. Evander, keeping a nervous watch on the doorways, kept cutting the treadmills, which whined and ripped to a halt after Truth had been introduced to their gears.
They had been at work for possibly a minute when a wall folded down. As if expecting them, a half-dozen cybots rolled over the fake wall, heading for the members of Alpha Team. Panic seized Evander where he should have had courage, and he envied Bria, who had already slipped back into the safety of the vents.
“CYBOTS!” Evander screamed needlessly. The others had already frozen in place, staring at the group like an impending onslaught. Mazar and Artemis were the closest to the danger.
“OUT, OUT, EVERYBODY OUT!” Artemis said, dancing between two cybots’ blades. Mazar took several angry slashes and broke off two of the sixteen arms that sieged him. Seeing he was overwhelmed, he tumbled back out of harm’s way and retreated defensively, still facing them. Artemis scurried up a wall and into a vent, barely escaping the encirclement of cybots.
Evander was terrified, and all desire to fight like Nero had was gone. Nothing but self-preservation gripped him, and he hurried for his vent opening, only feet away. Others around him leaped into theirs. Omar jumped for his with Kedric right behind, saying, “What about the mission and the explosives? That was half my stockpile!”
“Forget it and run!” Omar said as they both vanished into the vents.
“Run, ROOKIE!” Mazar screamed, and though Evander wanted to help him, he jumped for his vent and was relieved to feel his hands curl around the edge of the opening. With ease, he pulled himself up and ran; hearing screaming and pounding behind him, he ran.
Almost immediately, he lost his way in the vents but didn’t care. He was alive. Eventually, he ran into Mazar, who had taken a severe beating but had escaped alive and was intact. All limbs functioned, and he could move. Evander followed him back to the Complex, helping him much of the way, all the while listening to Mazar say, “We were too slow; we failed.”

***

It was Travis’s turn to ping Alice. He sent a message to her computer, and when he saw her face appear, he made sure he was flashing the most ridiculous smile he could and that his camera was catching it all.
“I know; I know,” she said in a defeated tone.
“That was just a handful of cybots, and they defended Cybernetics Corps from a whole invasion. Blackmask Agents and Talcomm Inspectors all reported signs of minor sabotage and the potential to have destroyed the entire facility, enough plastic explosives to…”
“To blow up half the district…” Alice said unenthusiastically.
“Well, not quite, but the point is, it would have been bad, and the cybots proved their mettle. So, you can stop harassing me about supporting the program,” Travis said.
“All right,” she consented. “I’ll stop harassing you, but I’ll never support the program, and I’ll pull any funds and resources I can into ‘the weapon’ project, but I will stop harassing you.”
“Good,” Travis said and made for the off button.
“But,” she added, and he felt a wave of skepticism come over him, “only if you wipe that stupid fake grin off your face.”
“Deal.”

***

It was two weeks after Nero’s death, and the Order had done little but hide in their Complex. Confident that Talcomm still didn’t know their nest's whereabouts, Alpha Team didn’t move, and Evander tried to deal with the increased tension by doing extra workouts in the gym. He was practicing his dodges and tumble skills when the call came for him to meet in the Alpha Team conference room.
When he walked in, he was most surprised to see everyone else there, but instead of Artemis leading the discussion, the Patriarch and Cutter were both there.
“We are aware of the cybot situation and do not hold your failure against you,” the Patriarch said, looking at Artemis, “but we must ask you all to go out again, to try again.”
There were groans and protests.
“You weren’t there, and I mean to disrespect or nothin’, but I swear if I go out there again, I’ll surely die!” Omar said.
“Every time we go, I have to watch as Artemis and the others… almost die… like Nero,” Bria added.
“Don’t you see? It’s for Nero that we have to do this. He died to help you all live; now, we must live. If we do not destroy those monsters, they will destroy us!” the Patriarch said.
No one said anything. No one could protest, but no one wanted to agree and go back out. Not even Artemis, who sat cuddled next to Bria in total silence.
“Cutter, if you will,” the Patriarch said, and he too took a seat.
“We have learned that the cybots operate as a simple mechanism. Their AI is designed to recognize two things, a kind of energy flux pattern that we beyond-humans give off and movement in general. Their targets must be recognized as doing both.”
“Flux? How would they know about our flux?” Kedric asked. Evander was surprised to hear him participate in the discussion.
“Well, they have one of our brothers, and they are experimenting on him, using his physical makeup against us to see how we function.”
Everyone showed surprise, and Evander was also shocked. Had they captured someone from the other teams?
Cutter continued, “To address all of your questions, no, this brother they have is not from our Order. They pulled him out as a citizen; not much is known about him, but he is not in a position to rescue, unfortunately.”
Somehow, this reminded Evander of Nero, and he put his head in his hands. If Cutter noticed, he ignored Evander.
“The reason the cybots have to recognize movement AND flux is that there are apparently other sources of technology that give off similar flux patterns, which could confuse them.”
“So, if we stood perfectly still, they couldn’t detect us?” Artemis said.
“Unfortunately, they can detect movement on a microscopic level, so, no, you aren’t safe by trying to stand still and hold your breath. There is, however, some good news in all of this.” Cutter paused to get everyone’s interest, and it worked. When everyone was staring at Cutter, the bald man drew a disc from his pocket. “This is a customized virus, written by me that will alter the programming and confuse the AI of the cybots.”
“And that means what?” Mazar said.
“It means after this is downloaded onto the cybots in construction, they will attack anything that moves, including each other.”
Sounds of approval filled the room.
“So, now are you willing to go back out and try again?” the Patriarch asked.

***

“It’s just in the east wing of the building. I can get to it as soon this door blows,” Evander said.
“Twenty seconds, Evander, so get down. When it’s clear, hit the alarm quick and get out. With the diversion in place, take Omar to the meeting place and get to work on that other door; Mazar and I will handle the rest,” Artemis said.
“And what about Bria and Kedric?” Evander asked.
“Hasn’t Kedric set the charge on that security door?”
“Yes,” Evander said, watching the small gray plug sitting on the door across the street.
“He’ll be in position to blow the second series of doors, but you and Omar need to take the third down; Kedric won’t have time,” Artemis said.
“Right.”
“And Bria gave us the go-ahead. She’s pulling out, and we’re getting into place.”
The watch clicked off, and Evander stayed in the alleyway, waiting for the solid metal door to burst apart so he could run and trigger the alarm. The diversion was extremely important, and he needed to get that alarm sounding so he could disappear back up the vents and help Omar with the other main doorway.
The door blasted outward, and shrapnel filled the air. Evander ducked, but his distance protected him. When the smoke had cleared somewhat, he sprinted across the street and into the smoldering doorway, trying not to breathe.
In the gray haze, he found his way to the arsenal and dashed the glass door to pieces with Truth, twinging as shards sliced into his forearms like a thousand tiny splinters. Instantly, alarms sounded, and he bolted from the building, disinterested in the firearms, focused only on the open vent on the other side of the street.
Blackmask operatives and Guardians were already swarming the street when he pulled from the building, and he immediately had to collapse into a roll as beams of energy crisscrossed the air.
“CITIZENS, OFF THE STREET!” a man with a megaphone was shouting at the few citizens wandering about because they had the misfortune of working night-cycles. Evander could empathize.
When the firing cleared, he dashed again for the panel, dodging several shots and catching two on the blade of his sword. A slight sensation tickled him, and he wondered what it would be like to be shot. His instinct was that he would die, but his people wouldn’t die if he remembered correctly. Though, whoever Arkkon was, he eventually did. Evander didn’t want his to be the next service the Patriarch spoke for, so he redoubled his efforts and, very conscious of the whirling beams of energy around him, he flung himself into the vent, closed it, and headed for the rendezvous.

***

Mazarin felt the vibration on his wrist and leaped into the middle of the room from a ceiling vent. To his pleasant surprise, most cybots were plugged into their terminals and weren’t activated, so they didn’t respond to his presence. Of the twelve total, only three gave him any interest, and he only had to stay alive long enough to provide Artemis with time to complete the downloads. Determined to have fun, he gave the nearest cybot a go by taking a hack at the censor plate, an attack it easily parried.
“Come on, you ugly monster; come on,” he taunted it needlessly, “that’s right,” it took a slash at him, and he dodged. “Come on; come and get me.” He was now conscious of the other two closing around him from the rear, and he flipped himself over the one he was taunting, shoving Fang down on it as he did. The cybot dodged but, in doing so, wasn’t prepared to attack Mazarin while he soared over its head.
“With all three of his enemies on his opposite side, he could safely walk backward or retreat if need be.
In the distance, he saw Artemis running from terminal to terminal. He would stand and download the virus off the disc onto the cybot plugged in as fast as he could. He had done three, only six more.
Mazarin took another stroke at one and a second at another. They backed off slightly to compensate. He then released his full self at them, beating two of the arms into mangled pulps but having to pull back and catch his breath directly afterward.
They pressed after him. He parried two attacks and dodged the others, tumbling even farther back toward the wall behind him as they advanced. He saw Artemis on five of nine, just four more.
Still, Mazarin knew he was running out of retreat space, so with his strength renewed, he focused his energy on one brutal, furious offensive. He hit the cybots evenly with his barrage, keeping them on the defensive. Each lost an arm and damaged several other parts, but nothing to make them malfunction. Thoroughly exhausted, he pulled back. Artemis still had two more to do.
The cybots advanced quickly, and with his tired limbs, Mazarin found it difficult to parry and dodge their strikes. His senses and reactions were slowing and slurring; sometimes, he would dodge only barely before being struck or evade an attack that wasn’t coming.
They were backing him into the wall; he felt it pressing against his back. Artemis signaled that he was done and was coming toward the cybots from the rear as Mazarin pounded back their strikes.
“No!” Mazarin said, “Turn on the others!”
“What? Are you crazy?” Artemis said.
“Trust me!”
Artemis ran for the wall and hit a switch. Instantly, the other cybots awoke and ran for him, Mazarin watched him dodge his way dexterously back up the vent, and Mazarin was alone. With Artemis gone, the other cybots charged toward him and his three aggressors, which he was barely keeping back.
With Mazarin pinned against the wall, the other cybots freaked out and began beating the three that surrounded him. They turned from Mazarin, and he took the opportunity to smash the sensors on those three. All twelve cybots were now blindly tearing everything, including themselves, into shreds. Mazarin bolted away from the fight and watched as nuts, bolts, arms, bodies, terminals, and debris took flight in the chaos of metal carnage. It was exhilarating and satisfying, an excellent feeling, a natural euphoria, watching them rip each other to pieces. Until, when several of them made their drunken-broken way toward him, he leaped up to the ceiling vent and ran to the rendezvous, so far indulging in a potent feeling of success.

***

Evander saw Omar already twisting the nuts and bolts that held the barricaded door in place when he arrived. Evander jumped down and joined him, throwing his own gavinwrench into the mix. It was very important to get the door out of the way; Evander worked faster than he ever had, and quickly, Omar grew tired.
“I wish I were as fast as you,” Omar said. Evander didn’t like Omar saying that; it made him feel cocky, and he didn’t want that, not now. He just wanted the door out of the way.
“Just work,” Evander said.
By the time Artemis showed up, all the work that required two people was done. It was just a matter of Evander taking off a complex hinge, and the door would collapse to the floor in a metallic clang.
“Good work!” Artemis said, but it was clear he was distraught, and he even began twitching.
“Are you all right?” Omar asked.
“F-Fine-Fine!” Artemis shouted. “Just finish up here. I have to—go—go,” Artemis said, his left side spasming slightly.
“ARTEMIS?” Omar roared.
“I’m fine.” Artemis had seemed to gain control of himself now, “Just-Just knock down the door and give Kedric the signal. Mazarin should be here shortly. I have to go—go make sure the coast is clear.” Artemis jogged toward a nearby private room that looked to be an intern’s office.
“What is he doing?” Omar said.
“No idea,” Evander said, his view obstructed by the door he was working so hard to remove.
“Should I follow him and make sure he’s all right?”
“Your choice,” Evander said, “but if it makes you feel any better, I don’t need your help here.”
“That settles it,” Omar said, “Good luck, Evan.”
“You too,” Evander said, and he continued picking at the door, not paying attention to Omar’s footsteps disappearing in the distance.
Then, with a satisfying snap, he slipped out of its way, and the door crashed down to the floor as planned. He tapped his watch and sprinted as far away as he could.
“Third door’s down; everything’s go.”
“Aye, Aye,” Kedric said. “I’m activating them now, so you may want to take cover.” Evander watched as another handful of cybots scurried into the room and headed through the security door, as planned, where they joined their brothers, who were busy mashing each other and all the equipment into tiny, mangled pieces. Just then, Mazarin arrived.
“Sorry I’m late; I was busy watching the show.” He pointed to the cybot crunching not far in the distance, “Where’s Artemis?”
“He flipped out, and Omar followed him,” Evander said, both of them too preoccupied with the action to really care. The mission was a success.

***

Artemis felt the need to stimulate himself calling his mind with utmost urgency. He crashed open the glass door and wandered into the office, not really caring where he was going as long as he was out of sight. There was an intern there, a young man holding a hand-computer, shivering.
“Run, or I’ll sound the alarms,” he tried to threaten.
Artemis didn’t want to deal with this nuisance.
“The alarms are already sounding, genius,” he said, and he plunged a dagger deep into the boy’s heart, killing him and tossing the dying corpse aside. Now, pleasantly alone, he shook and pulled out the tiny pistol with trembling hands. He put his dagger away and positioned himself for recovery.
It was very difficult, but he felt his tremulous finger squeeze around the trigger, and then the familiar flash of light and euphoric sensation as his mind went flying. His body surged with energy, calming his shaking but expelling his senses.
Twice more, he fired and felt the enjoyable feeling of power and glory encompass him, and then he saw a face. Blurry at first, he soon recognized Omar's round face staring at him aghast, mouth open in shock.
“Mr. Artemis, you… you know better than to be doin’ that,” Omar said.
“DO I?” Artemis yelled. “DO I EVEN CARE?!” But the effects began to wear off slightly, the rushing slowing, and a feeling of total panic seized him; he’d been seen. The secret was out—that was it; it was over. He stared deep into Omar’s pallid eyes and said, “HOW DARE YOU?”
“Excuse me?”
“HOW DARE YOU DISCOVER ME?” Artemis wailed, and his hands snatched Omar’s neck, jerking the man’s body tense in surprise. Artemis shook him and squeezed. He squeezed with every ounce of pain, guilt, and tension that filled him until it cracked.
It was Omar’s fault, all of it. He shouldn’t have come, shouldn’t have followed him, he shouldn’t have…
He felt Omar fall limp in his hands like a large rag, and he tossed the man aside. Omar collapsed on the floor in an awkward position, immobile. Artemis hunched down as the effects of the pulsar wore off, returning him to his state of calm, his body no longer convulsing, and his thoughts were less polluted.
He quickly realized what had happened, and he was even more afraid. He pressed a finger against Omar’s neck and felt no pulse, and he wasn’t breathing. His neck was wrangled to the form of shapeless rubber, and his eyes were boggled and drooping; he was dead.
Artemis was horrified. He dragged Omar’s corpse into the street and stuffed it into the wastebin, watching it plummet onto the moving treads below. He knew it was heading for the incinerators, where all the evidence would be molecularly scrambled into nothing. Artemis would be all right, but it had to end here. This infernal habit had cost too much. It wasn’t worth the price anymore; this was it. It had to end!

***

Evander left the battling cybots to find Artemis, who was not responding by watch. Mazar had sent him to find the captain and Omar while he rounded up Kedric and Bria. Evander followed the course he’d seen Artemis go, and as he neared the office he’d seen Artemis approach, he saw a very mangled dark-haired man stuffing a body into the waste bin. Upon second glance, he recognized the man as Artemis. What was he doing? And where was Omar?
Artemis turned and saw Evander and walked toward him before Evander had the chance to ask any of a hundred questions racing through his mind.
Artemis simply said, “Omar is dead. It was good of you to send him. If he hadn’t come in, I would have died,” Artemis said, and he walked past Evander. “Get everyone together; we’re going home.”
Somehow, that didn’t sound like Artemis, a man who would never admit to being saved by someone else; he was too proud for that. And he was certainly someone who wouldn’t give credit to Evander.
Then he was struck with a thought and felt a horrible weight in his stomach. If only he had not encouraged Omar, then he would not have died as Nero did.
Whatever Omar and Artemis had faced in the office would be a mystery, but not one Evander was going to investigate. Instead, he returned to the Complex in good faith, desperately trying to sort through his thoughts. Too many people had died; too much had gone wrong.

***

“All of batch two was destroyed. Rather, there was a bad case of mutual inter-dismantlement between your bots; they, um, decided not to get along,” Alice said over the computer screen. She tried to sound sad, but Travis easily detected a bit of glee in her voice.
So, to call her on her retarded bluff, he laughed, “Right. And ‘the weapon’ prototype was so ugly that the Lord Protector just informed Talcomm that he wants to send its designers to Wasteland,” he said.
“No, Travis, I’m serious. Less than ten minutes ago, all twelve cybots in construction…”
“IN CONSTRUCTION, they weren’t in construction, you prat! They were ready to be released, ready to be deployed!” he said, half expecting and half hoping her to say, “gotcha good.” But she didn’t.
“Either way, all twelve are dismantled, destroyed, and eradicated; you pick whichever word you wish. The other nine are also either destroyed or mangled beyond repair. Only two are salvageable. Sorry to be the bearer of bad news,” she almost sounded sincere.
He frowned and snapped his pencil. “Bearer of bad news, indeed,” he said with a snort. “That only means more funding for your project; I wouldn’t be at all surprised if you were responsible for their… what did you call it? ‘Mutual inter-dismantlement…”
She laughed, but he wasn’t being funny, nor was he in the mood anymore.
“True, my project is of sudden interest to the Lord Protector, AND there are rumors about a promotion coming my way,” she smiled large white teeth at him. “But I’m sure there will be leftover attention you can use to scrape up a few more cybots,” her tone grew mocking, “MAYBE…”
Travis had half a mind to switch the screen off and forget her, make a decent living, live comfortably, and not care about anyone or anything. Maybe marry his girlfriend or run to the RFP… but instead, he wagered his last shot—the one that meant swallowing all his pride… the only way to compromise for that promotion.
“Alice,” he said politely, “how would you like to consider joining our projects together?”
“WHAT?”
This was a clearly unexpected move.
“Just take a moment to consider how effective an updated cybot would be with ‘the weapon’ mounted on its shoulders.”


CHAPTER 13

In light of the past few days, Mazarin escaped from the pressures and tensions of life by vanishing into the early night while the others slept. It wasn’t the first time, far from it, and he was glad it wouldn’t be the last. He trod his way quickly through the vents, a path he had memorized, the various over, under, left turn, right, it was a simple course. He followed it, letting time melt indifferently as he went until the route released him on the familiar street, Rose Lane, inside Ervoni District. Seeing the sign gave his heart an extra beat, and he forced himself to believe he wasn’t more excited than usual, but he knew he was.
Conveniently, the district used the same time schedule as what the Patriarch had adopted for the Complex, and so the overhanging lights were out. The darkened community slept, allowing him to feel secure in the cloak of blackness as he walked openly on the street.
But even had it been a bustling daytime street, he doubted he would sneak his way to where he was going. It wasn’t the walk but the destination that made it worthwhile, not the ambient crowd but the singular woman that was his targeted audience, and there wasn’t anything along the way he was eager to see. This time of night, he was giddy like he hadn’t been since when he’d been Nicholas XVII at the Academy, ready to explore a new world. Only this time, a world so much more attractive, if it was possible, than the radiant blue skies outside Civilization or even the majestic stars and gleaming white planet hanging aloft in the black starry night mist. No, this brave new world transcended all those things, and it began with beautiful blue eyes and rich dark hair hanging loosely from an all but flawless face.
He continued his brisk pace until he cut into the alleyway behind the Ervoni estate. As he turned and was met with the tiny street’s end, it wasn’t the surroundings he noticed, only the woman standing alone, confidently. She was waiting for him as she always did, with the posture of an elegant and breathtaking young woman. She was so pristine it almost intimidated him, and in doing so, turned him on even more. He came up to her with a smile as wide his face could stretch, eager energy tickling in his bones, feeling his fingers twitching to hold her, but he restrained and greeted her with a polite bow.
She came up to him, and he reached for her, pressed her slender, delicate frame against his chest, and he loved her. Her every word stimulated him, her opinions excited him, she was intelligent and clever and… the daughter of a governor on the High Council. It was an adventuresome relationship, a dangerous one, for them both.
Today, though, something was different. As he talked to her, he heard a kind of tiredness in her voice, or perhaps it was a kind of angst; he couldn’t tell.
“Zina,” he said, “Are you all right?” He squeezed her gently and let go. She stepped back and looked at him directly. And he was caught off-guard by piercing blue eyes, defined like daggers.
“Mazar, I, well,” she sighed but didn’t pull her gaze from him,
“Yes,” he encouraged.
There was a long pause.
“I have to say goodbye to you.” She looked away, and her voice quieted. “This will be the last time I must ever see you.”
“What?” Mazar said quietly, but an intense panic was apparent in his tone. “What?” he repeated superfluously.
“You know it is dangerous, too dangerous for both of us,” she said.
“That never stopped us at the beginning,” Mazar said. Something was up; something had changed.
“My father is a governor; he’s a member of the High Council, and my relationship with you could endanger the lives of my family.”
“Yes, but…” he stammered.
“My life,” she said with emphasis and paused, “and yours.”
“No,” Mazarin said, “No, there’s something else.” He paused and searched her eyes. “There’s something new. What is it?”
She looked back into his eyes, “You know I am betrothed to Gray, Mazar. Gray and I are to be married.”
“I never thought you were actually going through with it,” he said, more in defense than anything else. “I never thought…” his voice trailed off.
“Gray loves me,” she said.
“I love you!” Mazar said and was angered when she shook her head.
“I’d hoped you could understand; this isn’t the same. Gray’s father works for mine. He is part of an Honor house, he…”
“Zina.” He pressed his hands gently on her shoulders. “I’m not afraid of Gray.” He smiled and tried to look natural, but she turned away, slipping from him.
“I’m sorry,” she said and sobbed quietly, keeping her face from him.
Then it all sank in. As much as he had denied it these past few weeks, he had been reaching the inevitable end, and now it had finally come.
“It isn’t me you’re protecting,” he said at last. He saw her head nod slightly, and she turned back to face him. Her eyes were red, and a tiny tear dribbled down her cheek; she wiped it away and sniffled. Mazar knew that tear wasn’t for him. All along, he had been a fool.
He looked deeply into her eyes one last time, her round, majestic eyes that shimmered as a tear danced in each. Neither of them said a word, but in their eyes, for the next several moments, they understood each other better than they ever had.
Mazarin felt a kind of deflation, a kind of rejection that he’d never so much as imagined before. It mocked every ounce of his pride and made him feel inferior, something he was not accustomed to. Still, he was surprised at how he handled it. Instead of rage, anger, or even hatred, he was calm, polite, and silent.
There was a tiny beep from his watch. His time had ended; it was time to go home. She seemed to have heard it too, the alarm that had before separated them slowly from each other’s embrace in days past, the same one that had broken up many wonderful conversations now shattered the ever-stimulating silence. And as he was to leave her, he did not take her in his arms again; he did not press his lips against her small mouth this time, not even for a final kiss, no, he bowed politely, slower this time. And then he turned from her and walked away slowly.
Each step was painful. Mazarin felt the pressure inside him, but he did not let it out. But the feelings weren’t all bad; something, some force that had been inside him, had been released. Something was easier, even though it seemed all was harder and colder than ever. He neared the end of the alley where it emptied into the street, ready to turn left, prepared to go back the way he had come. Now was his chance, before disappearing forever, but he didn’t look back. What was done was done, and that was the end of it.
He turned and thought he heard a soft voice behind him whisper, “Goodbye, Mazar.” Perhaps it had been a cruel trick of his imagination, or maybe it had been her sincere farewell. Whatever it was, he waited until he was out of sight, deep in the vents, before stopping and saying to no one, “Goodbye, Zina.”
Despite himself, he cried alone. Where no one would know or see, he let a few frustrated tears flow, pressing the palms of his firm square hands against his eyes.
Time passed; perhaps it was an hour, maybe it was a day. He didn’t care. He rested against the wall for several moments, staring at the potent blue light of Fang, a blue like Zina’s eyes. And then he saw the wall, only feet from him, facing him… obstructing him.
It was a cold, bitter place. He walked again, not back to the Complex, not back to Zina, but to nowhere, wandering the vents, thinking about everything. He wondered if it was all worth it; he wondered what good he was doing anyone or anything. Twice, as he meandered, he thought about suicide, but even as he ran the event through his mind, wondering about its after-effects, he had predetermined that he couldn’t do such a thing.
When at last he finally did reenter the Complex, tumbling noiselessly from the opening and into the gym, he was shocked out of his trance to see the Patriarch standing there, waiting for him. He wore his usual mask of enmity, with his arms folded and his face in the usual sneer it made whenever it was pointed at Mazarin. But this night, of all nights, Mazarin didn’t care. Fine, let the Patriarch boot him out of the Order. Let him do whatever he always threatened to do; it didn’t matter anymore.
“What do you want?” Mazarin said as he walked closer; his voice was almost dismissive; it was so apathetic.
“I want to know why you were out of the Complex at night, why I didn’t know about it, and I want to know what you were doing,” the Patriarch said, “and don’t anger me,” he added with menace.
Mazarin didn’t care; he shrugged and said, “You’ll have to deal with not knowing because it’s none of your business, and now you’ll never know because there’s no reason for me ever to go back again,” he said, quite sure that the Patriarch had no idea what he was referring to.
“What’s the matter? The lass saw you for the useless hobo you are?” the Patriarch said, a calm but biting attack nevertheless.
Mazarin’s jaw dropped. How did the Patriarch know? He saw Artemis walk from the hall into the room. He wore a face that seemed no happier than Mazarin’s, except for a tiny hint of a smile.
“I only wish I had done what I should have sooner,” Artemis said,
“Why, you backstabbing…” Mazarin said, and the two’s eyes met in deadlock.
“Yes, I told your secret,” Artemis said.
“What secret?” Mazarin feigned ignorance.
The Patriarch held up a small ring, a white Fibersteel ring Zina had given him; rolled inside it was an old-fashioned piece of paper with a note. It had been left locked safely in his room.
“What?!” Mazarin said, “My private quarters have been broken into! That’s against the rules!”
“He did what any good brother would do,” the Patriarch said.
“What? Betray his brother’s trust? Plunge a dagger in his brother’s back?” Mazarin said, truly angry for the first time since his encounter with Zina.
“Tell his father, so his brother can be saved,” the Patriarch said, “but I suspect there is little hope for you.” The Patriarch looked Mazarin up and down, “You have no business leaving without permission, you have no right to be seeing a woman outside the Complex in the other world, and you have a moral obligation not to fraternize with the enemy.”
“ZINA WAS NOT THE ENEMY!” Mazarin yelled.
“‘Was?’” Artemis said, “So, she is now, is that it?”
Mazarin paused, fumbling, “No!”
“She was the daughter of a member of the High Council, a representative of ENTITY. She is the living embodiment of all we are against,” the Patriarch said, spitting in Mazarin’s face, “unless you are a traitor, Mazarin.”
Others were coming into the room. Other members of the Order, half-awake, curious to notice the commotion. Mazarin saw at least thirty of them, and the number kept growing.
Mazarin moved for the Patriarch, nothing left to restrain him, no reason to bridle the long-building hate for that man, that man who loved Artemis so much more… like a son, that man who treated Mazarin like a disease.
Artemis broke between them, and the Patriarch stepped back, letting Artemis block Mazarin’s path. Mazarin looked into Artemis’s eyes; his black hair was tasseled in such a way as to block a portion of both.
“What are you doing?” Artemis said. “Don’t come any closer; that’s an order!” As Mazarin took another step, Artemis withdrew both concealed daggers in one lightning-quick motion.
“Orders!” Mazarin sneered, ripping Fang from behind his back, “Orders… and if I disobey your ‘orders’?” He came even closer. “What then? Are you going to kick me out of the Order? I don’t care; it’s not worth being here another moment.” Fang crashed downward, and the daggers danced against it, side-stepping Mazarin’s attack, neatly forcing him back a few steps away from the Patriarch, who simply watched with hateful arms folded, staring at Mazarin.
“Do you want to die tonight, Artemis?” Mazarin said with spite.
“How dare you threaten to kill your brother?!” the Patriarch said from the sideline. Mazarin simply kept staring hatefully into Artemis’s eyes.
“This man is no brother of mine!”
“Circle him; he is dangerous,” the Patriarch said with a snap, and several of the onlookers drew their swords and headed for Mazarin, headed to protect Artemis.
“Things are not stacking your way, fool,” Artemis said.

***

Evander hadn’t been able to sleep, and when he heard the commotion between the Patriarch and Mazarin, he was already dressed. He was already there watching the two go at each other with their words as they always seemed to do. But this time, Mazarin was far too belligerent and reckless. It would be the beginning of the end for him in the Order, and his was certainly not a friendship that Evander wanted to lose.
He considered bolting between them, trying to be a neutral force, trying to use his influence with the Patriarch to help. But despite how much the Patriarch seemed to like Evander as a pupil, it wouldn’t outweigh how much he seemed to hate Mazarin. Instead, he thought back toward the days before, when he’d seen Artemis drag Omar to the garbage chute, stuff him less than carefully down to the treadmills, and send his frame to the incinerators. It was like Artemis had been angry or afraid. Evander wondered if he could somehow discredit Artemis, somehow prove to the Patriarch that Artemis could not be trusted, that he was a liar.
Without thinking things through any further, Evander dashed toward Artemis’s room and turned the knob. He had to find some sort of evidence that Artemis had killed Omar. It seemed like nothing else could have been possible, as shocking as it was. But the door was locked, and Evander doubted he could interrupt the shouting to ask Artemis for his key.
But with no time to waste, he drew his sword. The words Truth Shall Cut Asunder flashed before his eyes as he stuffed the blade into the door crack, wedging it and pulling, tearing the door from the wall. He was met with a few misplaced items on the floor and an unkempt bed, but otherwise, a relatively orderly room. He closed the door behind him as best he could and began rummaging.
Drawers of clothes, a few chests of assorted items, come on, come on, there had to be something.
A tiny silver pistol dropped from the blanket as he picked it up and hit the floor, rolling in a circle. Why did Artemis keep a pulsar gun? Those were to be checked in and out from Cutter, a rule that Mazar said took effect when Arkkon died. A new thought struck him, and he made for Artemis’s computer sitting on the desk.

***

“Put the sword down,” they all told Mazarin. A small group had surrounded him, but mostly it was Artemis who he cared about, who faced him down with vengeance. “Put it down or die,” Artemis said coldly.
He couldn’t, he wouldn’t, but he felt some of the rage leaving his veins. He had no fight with the rest of them, only with the Patriarch and Artemis. He couldn’t bring himself to hurt the others who nervously eyed him from every direction. But he would not put Fang down. If he were going to go down, it would be with Fang locked tightly in his grasp.
“I’m warning you one last time,” Artemis said, raising his daggers for an offensive spring attack.
Mazarin spat toward him, “Do your worst.”
“WAIT!” Evander’s voice cried from the other side of the room. Mazarin watched the Rookie run in with a computer tucked under his arm, and Truth held firmly in his other hand. Everyone turned except Artemis, who must have felt obligated to keep his hunter’s eye sharp on Mazarin, calculating his every move, which in this case was simply to turn and watch Evander.
“Sir!” Evander said to the Patriarch. “You can’t believe Artemis; he’s a betrayer.” Evander paused for breath. There were oohs throughout the room; this was a very, very bold accusation, especially coming from Evander.
“Ridiculous,” Mazarin heard Artemis mutter. He was still staring at him, but Mazarin’s thoughts shifted from his fight to wondering what Evander was doing.
“I have evidence that Artemis has disobeyed you, Patriarch,” Evander said.
“Lies and probably fabricated would-be evidence,” Artemis said dismissively. “The boy is as impulsive as Mazarin and best friends with him. It is no surprise he would try to cover for his less tactful accomplice.”
Mazarin was angry with Artemis’s words. He didn’t like hearing the belittlement of Evander, but he stayed silent and watched the Patriarch look at both Evander and Artemis, clearly unsure who to believe.
“And,” the Patriarch said, “What is this evidence?”
“Artemis has been using a pistol to stimulate himself in secret, going against what you said at Arkkon’s service,” Evander said. He dropped the silver pistol, and it landed on the ground in plain sight.
“WHAT?” Artemis said, turning from Mazarin for the first time, “No-No-No, the boy must have stolen it from Cutter; it’s a lie,” Artemis insisted hotly.
“Can you prove anything with this?” the Patriarch asked, picking up the gun, raising it close to his eyes, and examining it closely while turning it around in his hand.
“No,” Evander said.
“Ah-ha! You see, a confession!” Artemis said.
“BUT…” Evander continued, “I can with this.” He handed the computer to the Patriarch, who unfolded it and began to read.
“What, No, lies, that thief, he stole that from my personal quarters. That’s against the rules!” Artemis said, fumbling for the first time Mazarin had ever seen.
“He did what any good brother would do,” Mazarin said, echoing the Patriarch’s words with a grin.
The circle around Mazarin dissipated, and all eyes had now turned to Artemis, who was shaking infinitesimally. Mazarin watched Artemis study the Patriarch, whose eyes grew wide with shock, clearly reading something line by line as Evander stood by. Then, suddenly, Artemis bolted forward, faster than anyone could perceive, and he knocked the computer from the Patriarch’s hands. It slammed against the hard floor with a damaging crunch. The plastic shattered, destroying it from any use.
“It is enough,” the Patriarch said. “It is true; he has disobeyed me.”
Mazarin watched Evander step forward, his sword toward Artemis. “He’s dangerous; encircle him!” Evander ordered, and the group now turned their blades toward Artemis, blocking every escape. There were cries and whispers of shock and disbelief. Mazarin held his own sword in Artemis’s direction still, but he watched Evander intently, fascinated at this sudden sense of action.
“Artemis, you are still one of us, but you are poisoned; let me help you,” the Patriarch said.
Mazarin saw Artemis and looked at him, the man he had once called his friend, broken completely. His posture sagged, his face was blister red, and his daggers dropped to the ground. He was shaking obviously now. Each breath he took seemed like a battle in itself, and Mazarin almost felt pity for Artemis, who too seemed to be suffering from a long-kept secret.
“Yes,” Artemis said in a hoarse whisper. “I stand down.”
The others lowered their blades, and the Patriarch’s face spread in a pain-heavy smile.
“Artemis is no longer captain, but he is still a brother; he is still one of us. Let us put all of this behind us,” the Patriarch said.
The room emptied, each person shuffling back to their quarters in a daze. Mazarin was no exception, and as he closed his own door behind him, he wondered how tomorrow would handle the two surprises of that day: the loss of Zina and the fall of Artemis. 


CHAPTER 14

“He is no longer suited to be captain.”
“Then you are going to remove him from Alpha Team?”
“No, he will remain. He is still useful, but I have chosen a new captain.”
“Who?”
“Him.”
“Are you joking?”
“Think it through, Cutter. Artemis can no longer function, Nero is dead, Omar is dead, Kedric is too self-secluded to be a leader, and Bria is not captain material.”
“And Mazarin?”
“That fool has failed as captain before. He cannot return to that occupation, so the boy is captain by default.”
“And you’re sure you’re not making a mistake?”
“Have I ever?”

***

It’d been three days since Zina had watched the imperial figure of Mazarin turn from her life, striding away with dignity. Tall and regal, dark skin and dark eyes, oh those playful dark eyes. Eyes that had lingered on her just for a moment, only to turn away and not look back. He’d disappeared then, not rushing but not slow either. Steady and confident in his pace, back straight as an arrow, and then he turned the corner and was gone. Not a word. Not a backward glance. Nothing. That was better—she knew—but still it surprised her, and as much as she knew she shouldn’t want him to have turned back, or said something more, part of her was really disappointed that he hadn’t. She let out a pained sigh of relief and confusion.  
It was necessary, she reminded herself. Now they both had a chance to recover from the dangerous attraction between them. It was the right thing, and the only thing. And she’d purposely made her farewell as icy as she’d known how. That way, maybe, Mazarin would do the wise thing, for once, and stay away. That was the only way he’d be safe… It was the only way they’d both be safe…
And yet, even as she thought that, she knew that part of her wanted nothing more than to surrender to him, and take him and have him. One more time. The whole world and all its worries vanished when she felt those hands, and heard that laugh… a sound that was both conceited and comforting. His arrogant grin, and those deep, mysterious eyes... Maybe in another life, she thought. And then caught herself.
No! Stop it, she scolded herself inwardly. She closed her eyes and took a few breaths, forcing her mind elsewhere. And yet, the harder she tried not to think of him, the more futile it was. “Damn you,” she whispered under her breath. “Damn you, Mazarin.”
He’d been unlike anyone else in all the world of Civilization. But what was so captivating and thrilling about him was also what was so dangerous and impossibly doomed. 
Besides, I love Gray, she reminded herself. Passion and impulse have their value, but Mazarin lacked the calm reserve and sensibility that Gray had in such earnest. And she knew  her life couldn’t be adjusted from its natural course—she was meant to be with Gray, meant to live an honest life. Not a lie. Mazarin was a teaching incident meant never to be repeated.
And since the moment had left with him, his cloak fluttering around the corner as his final trace, she hadn’t regretted her decision. She only wished that she had been able to do it sooner.
Without a sigh or tear, she shifted her mind back into the present, back into reality, here and now.
Perhaps the problem was the off-colored curtains, half covering the small glass windows, or the drab metal streets peering back at her through them that made her feel discontent. Still, for whatever reason, she found herself hustling about the apartment, dusting, straightening, and making unimportant adjustments to the rooms. With its padded furnishings, it was no barracks. Bright burgundy carpet and large, open rooms combined with delicately painted walls, but somehow the quaint environment failed compared to her previous home.
The lavishly decorated estate of her father, Lord and Governor of Sirveaux House, lush and flowing with life, bright colors, plants, regal marble pillars at every turn; no, her new home was quite modest for a governess.
Still, it had character. And despite its lacking, it was satisfactory. Especially when she thought of the life that would be brought into it; she and Gray would raise their family here, and the place would be made alive.
She paused halfway through straightening her almost immaculate computer desk in her small office, her mind wandering from the task to the events encircling the near future, described best by merely one word: Gray. They would be living together in Ervoni House District, in this same apartment before the month was out. It was an exhilarating and intimidating thought.
Deciding her home wasn’t in any other immediate need, she went for the closet, grabbing for a stylish jacket. Of course, the climate was always comfortable in Civilization, but she wanted to look her best when she met Gray at the Cookery that afternoon.
She knew several people who considered the Cookery barbaric. Stuffing your mouth with things wasn’t generally considered polite, but she would settle to visit it this once; after all, it wasn’t the food that interested her.
Zina’s life had changed when she moved out of her father’s house. By accepting Gray’s proposition, she turned from several convenient arranged marriages to give herself to a service member, not even Blackmask, but the petty Guardians. A turn from the life of high society. She had come to decide that she couldn’t care less about what other people believed or said. At that moment, she only cared that Gray could get away from the hectic schedule of a Guardian Commando Captain and enjoy a relaxing meal and evening with her.
She painstakingly adjusted her clothes and misted herself lightly with her finest perfumes and spices, essences imported from the remote tropics on the other side of the lunar world.

***

Travis sat at his desk. Leaning forward, he rested his chin in one hand and tousled his hair with the other. He had felt more than a little distraught when Alice had accepted his compromise to combine her project with his cybots. And now he half regretted the hasty decision. He positively loathed working with her; she was arrogant, self-minded, and intelligent. Travis felt out of his zone working with someone who could match him at every turn, especially when that person should have sent him a status report hours ago. He slammed his hand on the table and sat up.
His decision to work with her had been impulsive. It was the only way he could think of to salvage his position with Talcomm High Command and the Council of the Protectorate after the cybots had been sabotaged into destroying each other. Of course, the situation yielded that Alice had exaggerated the Council’s fury and sudden disinterest in him. He should have supposed that the Lord Protector wouldn’t turn on him so quickly, considering all of his contributions. After all, if it hadn’t been for him, the Lord Protector wouldn’t even know about the Hybrids, or would he?
Another thing that bothered Travis was the annoying elusiveness all his real superiors hung over any involvement with him. Unlike the bumbling Talcomm puppet-faces who only thought they had power, the real high-rankers and the Lord Protector never slipped even a hint of their truest thoughts or motives, so at any given moment, Travis couldn’t tell how he stood with them. So, he always felt a need to work harder; life became a perpetual state of needing to prove himself to them even more.
Certainly, the Cybernetics Facility incident, not too many days before, had thrown a wrench in their opinion of his work.
So, his compromise with Alice had been a necessary survival step. A lesser evil he would have to endure, better than being demoted or deported.
He sat at his desk, staring at the lights on his computer, waiting for the message that was so ridiculously overdue… waiting… mentally wrestling as to whether Alice was simply too incompetent to keep to her own schedule or if she was gnawing her lazy jaw on an imported artichoke at the Cookery.
A tiny beep and a few lights interrupted his mental ambling—Red, Red, Blue, about time. He fumbled for the on button and saw Alice’s smirking face cover the better part of the screen, a sight that made him feel suddenly less interested in plugging into the nutrient outlet in the near future.
“Travis,” Alice said loudly.
“Can I interest you in a replacement timekeeper?” Travis said in a sardonic whisper.
“Real progress can never be rushed,” Alice said with indignance. “That’s the defining element between failure and success… and apparently between you and me.”
Travis didn’t retort. He simply didn’t feel like it. Instead, he half-lazily paid attention, letting his eyes blur over her pale-white face, pretending that it wasn’t there.
Alice continued to babble some nonsense about hard work and how her teams were superior to Travis’s investments. Each comment made him grow less and less interested. After enduring what must have been ten solid minutes of nothing useful, he snapped awake and interrupted, “Alice, do you or do you not have a progress report?”
“Yes,” she said, a snap in her voice for being halted mid-sentence.
“Then transmit it and spare me the nausea of looking at your unbrushed teeth,” Travis said.
He watched Alice flush with either rage or embarrassment, and the screen click off. Glad to be rid of her, he checked and found that no report had been transmitted. “Figures,” he said aloud with a shrug, and he laid his head on his desk. Work and life had been difficult, and finally, the call to sleep was almost unignorable.
“Travis to Laboratory C,” a voice said, ringing over the intercom. He groaned and raised a drooling head from the wooden frame. Rubbing two balled hands into his eyes, he shook himself awake and got up. It was one thing to ignore Alice; he didn’t like her, but he couldn’t ignore the intercom.
Without any excuse to do otherwise, he headed for the nearest trolley, content to take it instead of a pod to the Research Facility district. He knew he ought to take the pod instead; it was much faster inter-district transportation, but then again, that was the benefit of taking the trolley.

***

Still, ten minutes earlier than she had wanted to, Zina found herself nervously leaving her home. Unable to sit idly bottled-up by apartment walls but not wanting to arrive early, she kept as slow a pace as she could while switching from pod to trolley until reaching the bustling day-lit Commerce Lane stop. She followed the crowd off the ramp and walked the flashy color-lit boulevard until arriving at the great neon sign which read: The COOKERY.
Her off-beat heart thumping and a hint of trepidation were her only companions as she walked through the open doorway. She glanced from side to side, met with a luxurious lobby filled with potted plant growth. She watched lights above give the colorful, green-stemmed plants an occasional flash while a beautifully intricate drip-system watered them. Even more spectacular were the vine-draped walls, forming sophisticated green mazes. Of course, the artificially produced thick, moist jungle air was a rare delight in the super-urban Civilization. She breathed it in deeply and decided for the second time that her experience inside the Cookery may not be so bad.
Waving off a doorman who wanted to take her coat, she looked at the various round tables in the distance. From one wing of the dining hall to the other, people were feeding. Their hands gripped tiny metal instruments while periodically pressing plants and meats into their mouths during conversation. It was bizarre, but despite its weirdness, the atmosphere was pleasant; even the rumble of chatter was soothing.
She searched the scores of diners, looking from left to right, but it was from behind that she was answered.
“My Lady.”
She turned to see Gray, erect as a lance and sporting his slick gray uniform. She walked to him quickly and felt his arms come around her in a gentle embrace and peck; then, he let her go.
“Patrons, may I seat you?” a red-coated hostess said.
“For two,” Zina said.
“Actually, three,” Gray corrected politely.
Zina was taken aback and only then noticed a man standing at his side. He was built similarly to Gray, though his posture was poorer, and he leaned against the wall. Even his modest dress shouted “commoner,” still, Zina smiled at him tactfully.
“And who is this?” she said, maintaining the pseudo-smile.
“This is a good friend of mine,” Gray said, “Daniel Souder, but of course, we can discuss the rest over dinner. I’m hungry.”
“Hungry for the experience more than the actual… what is it? Food?” Daniel asked.
Zina remained silent and followed the hostess to a table on the far side of the room; the men followed her. There, she sat adjacent to a small theatre box, occupied by several orange-clad dancers. She felt slightly queasy and wondered what her father would think if he knew she was even in the same room with such riffraff.
Dismissing it, she looked at the men who very plainly smiled back.
“So,” Zina said, “Daniel Souder, is it?”
“Yes,” both men replied, and Gray nodded an apology for speaking for him, which Daniel dismissed with a casual hand wave.
“I must admit, I’ve never heard of a Souder House, ever,” she said in a polite but dubious tone.
She saw a wave of mirth flash across Daniel’s face and then disappear so quickly that she wondered if it had even happened at all. “Yes, Governess… Sirveaux, isn’t it?”
“Just Zina,” Zina said.
“Ah, Zina, well, the fact is, there isn’t a House Souder,” Daniel said. She waited, but he made no effort to continue. Instead, he resumed his gaze at the menu of food descriptions lying on the table.
Zina gestured for him to continue, but Daniel either didn’t notice or ignored her. Gray, however, did, and he laughed in an apologetic stupor.
“Yes, you must be confused, sorry,” he said, meeting her eyes, an action that caused a grin to cover even her slightly perturbed face. “You see, Daniel here has a bit of a story. Would you like to tell it, or shall I?” He looked back toward the other man, who seemed to rip his eyes up from the menu only out of necessity.
“Go ahead,” he said, “but try to keep it down.”
“Of course,” Gray said, and he looked back toward Zina, who had been waiting, puzzled. This was supposed to be her evening alone with Gray; they were going to discuss their future, not indulge in the history of this alien bum who made her feel nervous.
“You see,” Gray said as he leaned closer to Zina, dropping his voice to a whisper, “Daniel is a wanted man. He is from Ervoni House; his real name was Francis Ervoni until his identity was deleted.”
Despite herself, Zina gasped. It couldn’t be a joke. Gray had no reason to tease her like this, and she suddenly realized that despite all their casual, fun attitudes, something very serious was going on.
Gray reacted by pressing a firm finger to her lips, and she apologized with her large innocent eyes.
“Daniel is an alias he is using to avoid detection. Why Souder? I’m not sure, but that’s what he calls himself.”
“Souder because that is my name,” Daniel said flatly. Zina assumed he was acting the part simply for extra precaution.
Gray ignored the comment and continued, “Daniel was working as a Guardian Agent in the Department of Criminal Deportation, you know, the people who ship the convicted to Wasteland.”
Daniel nodded as if verifying this.
“Anyway, an accident happened, and two criminals were re-released into the city, and two members of House Vortin were sent off instead by mistake.”
Zina couldn’t suppress a chuckle. She hated the Vortins almost as much as she hated the Xerxes House.
“Yes, that’s all hilarious, huge insult to Velix, but he sent a Blackmask team to find a scapegoat and hang him for the mix-up.”
“That’s me,” Daniel mumbled, turning the menu over.
“You’re kidding,” Zina said. “No way. This is all some kind of prank.”
“No,” Gray said, and the look in his eyes was sincere, “No. This is all very much real. Daniel was blamed for an accident he wasn’t even involved in and, now he’s being hunted.”
“What about a trial? If he’s innocent,” Zina said, trying to comfort herself as much as anyone. Gray frowned, and Daniel rolled his eyes, mumbling something.
“Zina, you’ve been around long enough to know that the Tribunal is just a puppet of the Protector.”
“As much as I’d like to deny it,” Zina said.
“Now, think full-circle,” Gray said. “The Tribunal is the puppet of the Lord Protector, who is of Xerxes House, closely allied to Vortin House, which is an indirect enemy of Ervoni House. Bingo, so Velix wants Francis Ervoni, now our Daniel Souder, to balance the embarrassment. If Vortin lost two people in a deporting accident, Ervoni must have an elite member disgraced and sent away for it.”
“Or killed,” Daniel said.
At this time, everyone hushed up because a waiter had finally come to their table. As he asked for their menus and their orders, Zina felt no inclination to order anything. Maybe the experience would have been interesting, but somehow the dark feeling from the conversation had chased away her appetite.
“Nothing for me,” she said, waving the waiter off. “Just here to chat with friends.”
The others ordered but didn’t say anything else. Gray shot her a look of protest. Still, she decided, too bad; if she didn’t want to eat, she didn’t have to. When the waiter left, Zina was eager to jump back into the subject.
“I can only imagine what the Lord Protector would do if it had been someone from Sirveaux House,” Zina said.
“Don’t,” Gray said, “The public political nemesis of Xerxes House would be even less respected than Ervoni in something like this. He could probably even discredit your father or try to.”
“But don’t count your House out of this just yet,” Daniel said, jumping in. “Sirveaux’s greatest ally is Ervoni, so we were hoping that you could help us.”
Zina was surprised. How could she help them? Or did they want her to try to manipulate her father’s power? They knew as well as she did that it couldn’t be done. “Help you?” she mumbled. “How?”
“I think I can prove my innocence,” Daniel said, eyeing her sincerely for the first time. Perhaps it was this turn in the subject or the absence of the distracting menu, but for the first time, she felt pierced by his cunning, frank eyes, their green depths pleading at her until he had won all her sympathies. She didn’t know this man and less than an hour ago had never even seen him before, but because he was the enemy of her family’s enemy, he had somehow become her friend.
“Yes,” she said at last. “I will help you if you tell me how.”
Both Gray and Daniel seemed elated. Daniel showed a slight half-smile, and Gray rested his hand lovingly on hers. “You are a remarkable woman, Zina,” he said.
“Now’s the tricky part,” Daniel said. “I’m not sure how to ask you this, Zina, so, Gray…” Daniel’s voice trailed off, and he made it clear it was Gray’s turn to speak.
“Well, Zina,” Gray said with a pause.
“Just spit it out, Gray,” she said.
“Daniel is a refugee. He’s been hiding in alleyways, street corners, and the waterworks, and he needs a safe haven. Can you take him in?”
Zina recoiled in shock.
“I swear he’s trustworthy,” Gray said in total sincerity, so much that Zina believed him. And the thought of taking in a man who was a complete stranger didn’t seem so horrifying. Still, she had reservations. “You see, he could live where you live and lie low and have access to the Network he needs to find all the right documentation to sway the Tribunal enough to force them to throw out the case.”
“But you just got through telling me they were all puppets.”
“Yes, but even puppets can’t blatantly disregard what’s staring them in the face. Daniel is convinced that he can prove his innocence beyond any reasonable doubt.”
There was a pause, and Zina looked sharply into Gray’s eyes. “But are you?” she said.
“Yes.”
“But for me to be able to, I would need your access,” Daniel said. “Just like the Francis Ervoni apartment is being watched, the Francis Ervoni net identity is bugged. That is to say if it isn’t completely deleted from all archives. I would need to search the network under your name, Zina.”
Zina fidgeted uncomfortably. It was undoubtedly against her better judgment, but she trusted Gray, and what seemed even weightier, she loved him. She truly, sincerely loved him.
“I don’t know,” Zina said, wanting some reassurance. “This seems risky.”
“Zina,” Gray said with emphasis, his strong military jaw opened as his voice raised, “you’re a governess. No one would be watching or suspecting you. Your father is the most powerful man in Sirveaux, and aside from the Lord Protector, your father has the most support from all Honor Houses in Civilization.”
“Yes, Zina,” Daniel said in addition, “you are safe.”
It seemed enough, but it wasn’t. Her judgment was against it, but if it could keep Vortin House from slandering Ervoni, and if it could save an innocent man’s life, and if it could help the love between her and Gray grow, she would do it.
“Yes,” she said, “I’ll do it.”
“Then there is no reason for me to stay here,” Daniel said, “but I’ll be by your place sometime later today.” He nodded goodbye to Zina and Gray. “Besides, you’re both dying for a romantic dinner alone.” He winked at Zina, giving her a slight chill.
“Too bad she didn’t call for any dinner,” Gray said; his disappointment was well wrapped in jest.
“Then give her mine,” Daniel replied as he walked away.


CHAPTER 15 

The Research Facility was an uninspired nightmare of boring white walls and stark, sterile utilitarian nothingness. No paintings, no decor, not even a second color. Only security gate after security gate, lab after lab, narrow hallway after narrow hallway, lift after lift, until finally, Travis found some small relief by arriving at his destination, Laboratory C. Because as he stepped inside and the thick door closed behind him, he found not a laboratory at all but a private office. Complete with padded chairs, black walls, and a pleasant opposite feel to the rest of the facility—even though the room’s other occupant detracted from whatever quality it had.
“You’re late,” Alice snapped.
“You’re early,” Travis said dismissively. “No, really, Alice, what is this all about?”
She gestured to an ugly, blocky-looking object that remotely resembled a gun-like-thing. It was pivoting on a rotation set and turned nonchalantly. Even if it was the most powerful pulsar-bazooka, it was far too long and heavy to be portable by a man, giving it no practical use whatsoever.
“What… the ugliness… is that?” Travis said. If he thought the gun-thing was disturbing, it wasn’t half unsettling as the sly smile that crawled up the sides of Alice’s face. It looked back at him in silence until all he wanted to do was tear it from her.
“Fire it,” she said, pointing to a red trigger protruding from a lump of metal that somewhat resembled a handle.
“What?” Travis said, standing stupidly. What was she talking about? He couldn’t lift the gun, and even if he could, fire it at what?
Alice released a disgruntled sigh, and he heard her curse stupid people as she walked over to a panel of buttons. A moment later, the rotating display was fixed directly at a target box on the room's opposite side. “Now, Travis, walk over and push the trigger.”
Travis hesitated and then curled an unsteady finger around the cold metal trigger and squeezed. No rupture of lasers, no blazing lights, no impressive scream, not even a simple moan, just a noiseless trickle of bent light that sprawled out in a growing spiral until fading. Like a stone dropped in a tranquil pond, it was a ripple of distortion and then… nothing. The whole feeling was wrong.
Alice’s unwanted cackling interrupted the stillness.
“Impressive, isn’t it?” she said, gloating. For a fleeting moment, Travis wanted to strangle her. Why was she wasting his time like this?
“Maybe it’s impressive to a toy-maker, but after weeks and weeks of research and funds that could have been better allocated,” Travis said.
Alice interrupted him, “The gun is soundless. It fires anti-energy, also known as black energy and dark energy, but we call it negative energy. And as you of all people should know, what is the key to the Hybrids? What propels their accelerated movements? What throws them into the riff of action where they can slice apart your precious cybots or murder and terrorize innocent lives?”
Travis’s mind blanked. “Get to the point,” he said.
“Energy!” she shouted. “They ever-so-sophisticatedly were designed to be able to consume and release energy more efficiently than naturally evolved life.”
“What? No, you’re wrong. Daresians are naturally evolved life; humans are naturally evolved life. The Hybrid is both.”
“But the Hybrid is not naturally evolved.”
“Even so,” Travis said. “Nothing uses energy more efficiently than a Daresian. Their very race is…”
“Not what we are discussing. The point is, Hybrids depend on energy, whether from nutrients or bedtime; they count on having it when they need it, but what if they were suddenly and instantly deprived of it?” Alice said.
“What are you suggesting?”
“This,” she gestured toward the gun-thing once again, “is a NEG, for Negative Energy Gun, also just short for Negative, and this is the antidote to the Hybrid problem.”
Travis laughed. “This?”
Alice looked at him, surprised and offended.
“No one could carry this! And besides, our deal was to combine projects. How are you going to make a spider-leg handle a trigger? Cybots don’t have fingers; they have blades.”
Travis watched Alice frown and glare, and he felt an unexpected satisfaction from frustrating her. Probably something he’d regret in the long run, but for the moment, it was gratifying.
“That is where you come in,” she said. “The weapons can be refitted to be wired directly to the AI.”
“That’s not a good idea.”
“Or you can refit your cybots to squeeze triggers.”
Travis didn’t reply for a moment.
“All right, we’ll refit a new type of cybot, bladeless bots that will pack,” Travis pointed to the gun, “this thing.” He shot her a serious look, “But I warn you, they’d better work.”
“The gun has already been tested on both animal, human, and Hybrid, each in turn. The test on the small furry wildlife and the human both resulted in premature exhaustion, and the test on Number IV made him unconscious for hours,” Alice said.
“Why so much more effective on Number IV?”
“The negative energy’s effects are proportional to the quantity of energy inside the target medium. A Hybrid is constantly subject to much larger waves and surges than a normal person, so its effects are much greater against them,” Alice said, each word slow and eloquent. Despite Alice’s relish, Travis was impressed. If these NEGs were as effective as she claimed, then, quite possibly, this could put them both in a luxurious early retirement.
“Impressive,” Travis said.
“Of course, its effects are shotgun-like, so nearly impossible to miss at close-range, but almost ineffective at long range, though the hits are larger spread. Ideally, a group of Hybrids should be hit from four meters away, though the advantage of point-blank being it could be lethal.”
“Imagine knocking a group of them out with properly programmed NEG cybots while blade-cybots eradicated them. Defenseless, like kittens,” Travis said excitedly. “I hate cats,” he added.
“For example,” Alice said as she turned on the projection screen. “This room has a sensor that has been monitoring the energy level of the room.”
Travis saw the blank screen light up with a simple wave-length graph. “The energy level of the room?” Travis said, “What are you talking about?”
Alice shot him an annoyed look, “It has to do with heat, please, just shut up for two minutes.”
Travis shrugged. As he watched her rewind the data, he saw an almost steady line until suddenly the wave dropped at the trough and headed downward with slight oscillations. After a few seconds, it stabilized and returned to its previous level.
“That is what happened when you fired the gun,” Alice said.
Travis frowned in confusion. “So, the NEG, by taking energy away, makes things colder?”
“More or less, but that’s not the point. The point is the gun works,” Alice seemed exasperated.
“So,” Travis said, “how soon can you adapt the prototype to a usable form for cybots?”
Alice’s angry face twisted into a wicked smile, “I have to be honest with you, Travis.” Instantly, his stomach felt like a brick, and he felt his body grow tense and cold. “I already have four working cybots armed with NEGs.”
“WHAT?” he said, his voice unrestrained. “I never gave you or anyone any authority!”
“I didn’t need it. I cut a deal with Cybernetics Corps. I was sure you’d understand; after all, it’s all for the service of King and Country, right? Or Protector and Protectorate, rather. You’re still on the project, but I’ve taken the leading role. Make no mistake.”

***

Bria’s soft shoes fell on the metal vent floor in quick succession. Her light weight combined with nimble feet helped her progress with soundless movement. Even her breathing was undetectable, all while her chameleon cloak hugged her tightly, its colors blending easily into the gray, metal environment. Stealth was her expertise, which she had been perfecting for years.
Once she was near enough to see but far enough not to be noticed, she popped a panel halfway loose and strained her eyes in the direction of the Research Facility. A few people were moving about and then nothing; the street was vacant.
She flipped open her watch, “Night Watcher here, Captain,” she said. “The street’s open, and there isn’t a person in sight.”
“Thanks, Bria,” Evander’s voice said back, “and be careful.” Then, with a click, the transmission ended. She slid the panel back into place so it wouldn’t be noticed but continued to look through the slanted slits as best she could. She watched the tauntingly arrogant figure of Mazarin break open the main door and go inside. After he disappeared, Evander stepped into view. He was calm and confident as he checked his surroundings and then vanished inside as well.
Upon seeing him, she felt a sort of mixed nausea and pleasure course through her. The boy had taken her lover’s very life away from him and been accidentally put in as captain, where he would ruin everything. Like Mazarin, he was a selfish, arrogant whelp, but then again, he had wanted to save lives. Like Bria, he seemed to suffer when uninvolved citizens were killed, even enemy soldiers. And despite herself, she couldn’t think of anything really wrong that he had done, at least nothing she could really hold against him.
Then came Artemis. He was handsome, though more disheveled than usual, and as he moved, deft and clever as always, she felt excited. But when she blinked, he vanished. Artemis had always been her real reason to get up in the morning, but when he disappeared into the building, she felt disillusioned. A strange mesh of emotion that she had been disregarding was again upsetting her. Artemis had been shamed, and he had lied to everyone. He had become like Arkkon and grown angry, bitter, and selfish, and rumors believed he had killed Omar. How could she love a man like that?
But then again, now he needed her more than ever. How could she turn her back on him? And, as she thought about it, every reason highlighted that she should stay with him. She wanted more than anything to bring him back to what he had been months before—to wake him up, remind him through her love. She had known that he was slipping for some time, but if she did not try to help him, who would?
She felt a vibration, and she flipped open her watch to hear Evander’s calm voice. “We’re all in the second position inside; Night Watcher, we need you to move to your second position.”
“I copy,” she said.
“Do you remember where it is?” Evander asked.
“Of course,” she said and snapped off the watch. She would have expected the team to have been nervous about Evander’s capabilities, but instead, he seemed to be uncertain about them—or at least her. Artemis had never doubted her; why should Evander? That paranoid habit, at least, was the first thing that annoyed her about Evander. Her wrist vibrated, and she reopened her watch.
“Okay,” Evander said, “be careful.”
“Why wouldn’t I be?” Bria said back, a trace of fury in her voice. After all, Evander’s warning was kind of stupidly obvious.

***

“Wow, the boy’s not doing too bad…” Cutter said while he listened to the messages back and forth between Alpha team members. He sat near his ever-advanced computer and was entirely in his element. Team monitoring was his job, and he was glad he could sit back behind screens while the others actually faced the dangers. However, he couldn’t help but feel guilty when bits and pieces of Arkkon, Nero, and Omar had been found and brought back in body bags.
A few locks of Arkkon’s hair from the scene where Blackmask had dragged him away, a torn piece of Nero’s flesh discovered by Beta Team, and a piece of Omar’s cloak that Artemis had recovered the day Omar died. Each had been like a blow to the heart, but Archimedes was quick to reassure him that were it not for their efforts, all the sons and daughters would be dead. They were doing the right thing.
“I need a map of the east wing of the facility,” Evander said.
“No problem,” Cutter said, and with a flurry of finger movements, he sent one. “Check your watch, kiddo, like magic.”
“Thanks.” It was only the second request Evander had made, and now Cutter regretted making the wager with Archimedes. Come on, Evander; just request nine more things. But bets aside, it was good that Evander was proving resourceful enough to make-do without being tied to Cutter’s apron-straps.
“I knew this kid was going to be good,” Cutter said, “but I didn’t know he’d catch on this quickly.”
“I think he’s as good as Artemis was,” a high-pitched voice behind him said. It was Jazen, an intelligent Hybrid who had been shadowing Cutter’s work for months. Archimedes had wanted Cutter to have an apprentice, but now their relationship had become a genuine friendship.
“Don’t push it,” Cutter said. “Artemis had years of experience that even you do not have, less yet Evander. Don’t help him over-inflate his head.”
“What, and make him into another Mazarin?” Jazen said with a laugh.
“The difference is Mazarin is indisputably the best.”
“The best what?” Jazen asked. “Seriously, I bet I can type better than he can.”
“You know what I mean,” Cutter replied. “Fighter, he’s the best fighter.”
“Well, with Evander as captain, that may prove a less and less valuable skill. I’ve heard he’s as obsessive as Bria about increasing risks to protect ordinary citizens’ lives,” Jazen said.
“Between you and me,” Cutter said, “I hope what you’ve heard is right.”
Just then, the door burst open, startling them both. “How goes the mission?” Archimedes’ voice said. Cutter spun in his chair to face him.
“Everything is capital!” Jazen said before Cutter could say anything. Cutter saw him standing rigid, attentive, and respectful to the Patriarch’s presence, an honor that had always been very casual to Cutter. “Evander seems to have a knack for it, sir. He’s done everything as grand as Artemis would, and less blood.”
The Patriarch nodded, “Thank you, Jazen, but next time you will speak when spoken to.”
“Yes, sir, sorry, sir,” Jazen said.
The Patriarch turned back toward Cutter and said, “How is the mission?”
“My apprentice speaks for both of us,” Cutter said.
“So, the trial run is going well, and the boy has the talent I knew he had since the day we brought him in here. You remember that don’t you, Cutter?”
“Of course, not too many months ago,” Cutter said.
The Patriarch looked away and toward the screen, which displayed the plan Evander had drawn up for the mission. Each color indicated a different person, and several crisscrossing lines were carefully established.
“Yes, very interesting,” he said in a detached, nostalgic tone.
Despite knowing him for years and building up the Order with him from its very beginnings as a debris-wrought pod-tunnel, Cutter felt unnerved by the Patriarch’s presence.
“Is there anything we can do for you?” he said.
Several minutes passed before the Patriarch came back to himself, adding to the awkward feeling. “No, no, I was just thinking about something.”
And without another word, the Patriarch was gone, the door closing quickly behind him. Cutter wondered what the interruption was about, but almost as soon as it had happened, Jazen interrupted him.
“Sir, I’ve been watching the Network as you told me, and I think I’ve found something.”
“What?” Cutter snapped back into full-consciousness and hurried over to Jazen’s terminal. Bright on the screen, the boy had pulled up texts indicating a risky threat of Guardian patrolmen, more than the usual beat.
“Well, time to see how the captain handles real action,” Cutter said, making for the radio.

***

The past few days had melded together into one strange, horrible oblivion that Mazarin had been forced to digest. True, he had stepped out from under the burden of love—released himself from the worry of sneaking out at night and wondering, not for his own safety, but hers. “Come with me,” he had said, like a fool. “Together, we’ll escape this place, this Civilization,” but she had always declined in hesitation. And he had always been a fool, discovering now that the only more pressing burden than love was the almighty weight of losing it.
In the chaos of emotion, so many things erupted. Paying little attention to what it truly meant, Mazarin had almost been removed from the Order, and he watched instead as Artemis went down in flames while Evander showed his quality. It was all one massive, unbelievable blur, and now, as he followed his new captain, it was truly sinking in.
He traced his friend’s steps easily through the Research Facility, still unsure why they were there, just half apathetically keeping in mind what he was supposed to do while he tried to sort the tumult of thoughts into some kind of order.
Could the Rookie he had trained only months before handle a job Artemis had known for years? Mazarin watched Evander with interest, like a much truer younger brother than he’d ever really felt he had among the scores of “siblings” he had in the Order. Evander was calm, despite the pressure, and he was making his decisions rationally, calculating each move. Already, the boy seemed a better captain than Mazarin had been years ago, but whether the Rookie was better than Artemis remained to be seen.
But perhaps the old windbag Patriarch had made a good decision after all, though, probably by accident, Mazarin concluded.
The first significant difference in styles that Mazarin took issue with was speed. He was much more attached to Artemis’s blitz manner: get in, get done, get out, and do whatever is necessary. More action, more danger, less time. However, Evander seemed intent on letting a mission drag on, ever-patiently leading them baby-step by baby-step, refusing to move unless all risk had been minimized. Maybe it was paranoia from green-ness, but now Mazarin wondered why he’d even brought Fang with him.
Slowly, they crept toward their destination, banal, insipid, and positively event-less. Creep here, hide there, and so it went. He could feel Fang pulling at his sheath, desiring to leap free and cut its way through the building. But, out of respect for Evander, he defeated the urge and kept it locked away in the back of his mind even though the diamond-Fibersteel blade did feel good in his hands.
He kept about his task; each hallway they entered, he kept a sharp eye for any persons who could notice them or interfere, which was frequent. The hallways saw semi-heavy use even at black-out, making the innards of the Complex quite different than the streets. By not going through the vents, a fight very well should have broken out, but Evander had been obsessive before-hand and had memorized every nook and cranny they could duck into when they needed to. And just to be sure of himself, he kept in close contact with Cutter, and in the slow time, he studied the map that was sent to his watch. Mazarin questioned how many missions like this he could take and quickly decided to have a long talk with Evander when they got back to the Complex.
Letting Artemis pass him by, Mazarin remained behind to hold the rear. Perhaps the deadliest place, but on a mission like this, certainly the most boring. He watched the nearest hallway from behind a garbage bin on an isolated corner, more checking for attractive-scientist women than black-clad soldiers—especially since he was now… available.
Not long and he heard Evander slip around behind him, followed by Artemis. “We’ve got it,” Evander whispered, no doubt referring to the datagem they were sent to retrieve.
“I just got word from Bria,” Evander said. “It seems we’ve taken longer than we should have.”
“Well, duh, I could have told you that,” Mazarin said.
Evander waited for him to say his bit and then continued, “The lights will be coming on any moment, and all the floors from here on down will be filled with scientists heading to their labs every which way; we’d better clear out.”
“Uh, yeah,” Mazarin said.
“Could you give the heads up to the rest of the team? If you need a distraction to slip out, message me. I’m sure I can give you the time you need.”
Had Mazarin even less control, he would have burst into a laughing fit. “Uh, no, Evander. That’s my job; you just lead out the team. I’ll stay in the shadows and take care of the wrap-up, maybe buy you a little time.”
“All right,” Evander said smoothly, and he walked away toward Artemis. Mazarin watched him leave, somewhat impressed at how Evander accepted his mistake so easily.
When Evander had walked a few steps away, he turned back and said, “And Mazarin, don’t do anything stupid.”
“Yeah, yeah, whatever, Rookie, you know I won’t.”
Mazarin kept himself nestled in the shadows as he moved distantly behind the group. He carefully and stealthily placed each step, feeling almost angry at himself for being so slow, cautious, and inefficient. The Rookie must be having a bad influence on him.
He was down the corridor to the right, onto the adjacent landing, going through all the motions of rear-guard, and then stopping. Everything was clear and open. Mazarin watched the members of the shrunken Alpha Team slip through the broken doorway one by one.
Secretly, Mazarin hoped for some signal from Evander that his blade was needed to create a diversion or that some ambush lay in wait to disrupt their so far very mundane, easy escape.
Then Evander’s form disappeared through the door and around the corner, leaving only Mazarin inside. He flirted with the idea of stirring up trouble in one of the labs but knew he had outgrown such games. So, with only a slight hesitation, he made for the door. Then he heard them, small padding noises, light tapping on the floor that came in pairs—thump-thump, thump-thump, thump-thump… boot-steps. They grew louder as they neared the corner that concealed Mazarin from view and threatened at any moment to come around it and find him.
His arm reached behind his back, and his hand and fingers curled around Fang’s solid grip, which grew warm with his touch. He moved back a step and froze, rigidly poised to tear Fang from its sheath and cut apart the newcomer in a single swift stroke.
But, to his fortune, and in part to his dismay, the sound paused and then grew fainter and more distant as it continued. Mazarin let himself relax, though he wondered what had made the person turn and walk away. Whatever it was, he’d been lucky.
Then, to his sudden surprise, his wrist jolted, and a tingling vibration caught him off-guard. He tapped it.
“We’re all clear and out. Where are you?” Evander’s voice said.
Mazarin didn’t answer; he simply tapped the watch back off and headed for the door. He slipped around the corner and dodged around laser-triggered alarms and security cameras, pausing only to taunt one of them on his way out.
Despite Archimedes' stupid game of testing Evander by making him send the group through a main door of the facility, the mission had gone well—a situation that could certainly have been the end for the team. Still, Evander had waited it out and pre-planned how to dodge past the skeleton crew and guards. Evander had been lucky, maybe, but as Mazarin chuckled silently to himself, he decided that Evander had become quite the natural leader. He proved he could follow his wit instead of the impulsive apathetic charge-in with arms blazing and blades at the ready, which was so often Mazarin’s instinct.
He picked up his pace, a light, healthful jog for the vent opening. Feeling invulnerable, he ran around the corner and crashed into an ambling civilian, who collapsed to the ground on impact. Mazarin watched, stunned that he’d been caught so off-guard as the civilian scurried to his feet and ran shrieking at the sight of Mazarin, who stood with half-cloak and blade tucked nicely behind him.
Swearing under his breath, Mazarin threw himself toward the man and, grabbing him, hurled the man against a nearby bulkhead. The man’s arms and legs flailed in the air as he crashed into it and rolled back to the ground. A black box leaped from his pocket and crashed near Mazarin’s feet. He picked it up, a tiny, black-colored device with a single, simple red-orange button.
“That was almost really bad,” Mazarin said to himself while debating what to do with it. He knew that if the button were pressed, it would call for half the District’s force of Blackmasks to blockade and storm the area in only minutes.
Mazarin ripped Fang out with pleasure and, tossing the box in the air, jerked the blade downward. It neatly sliced through it, and both useless halves of the remote alarm clattered gently on the ground nearby.
The civilian could be seen running away around a corner, and Mazarin laughed at the sight. Such a weak person; it was almost pitiful. He then walked toward the vent opening across the street when a motion in his peripheral view caught his attention. Mazarin whirled to see two Guardians, each taking his flank approach, no doubt alerted by the civilian’s squeal. They had drawn pulsars and kept them aimed sharply at him while the one to his left called, “Okay, drop the knife.”
Knife? Drop the Knife? Mazarin laughed at them, half in mockery and half offended; Fang was almost four feet long.
“I’m warning you,” the soldier said.
“Yeah!” the other added in a squeaky voice, trying very hard to sound tough.
“Oh, no, don’t shoot, please; oh, please, spare me,” Mazarin said sarcastically before launching his full energy to the side. He rebounded off the wall while slow and off-aim pulsar beams glided uselessly behind him. He dispatched both guards with a spectacular series of tumbles and strokes before they could even get off a second shot, less yet run. Feeling Fang’s tiny vibration and hearing its quiet vibrant hum, he could feel how alive and awake it seemed, and he almost regretted re-strapping it to his back.
He dragged the soldiers' bodies to the nearest dumpster and watched their corpses drop into the black shoot, destined for the incinerators.
“Alarm, alarm,” a quiet voice said in the distance. Mazarin whirled to see the civilian he’d run into earlier sprinting hard for a black glass box protruding from a wall.
“They have street access alarms too?” Mazarin said to himself in confusion and decided he liked the Research Facility District even less.
His eyes jumped between the distant vent panel and the civilian running for the glass box and, for an instant, felt a rare wave of indecision. He was fast, but there could be cybots two streets down before even he could make it. He toyed with the idea of a quick getaway and then abandoned it. Instead, he threw all his energy and focus into intercepting that civilian. After all, there would be no cybots if there were no witnesses.
“You’re mine!”


CHAPTER 16 

“You what?” the voice was stunned and angry. “What were you thinking?” It wavered in anger and surprise, and as Mazarin listened to it, he couldn’t get past feeling annoyed at the overreaction.
“Hey, cool it, Evan; it’s no big deal,” Mazarin said. “I know that people mean a lot to you and all that, but it was him or me.”
“That’s the worst, lamest excuse!” Evander said, his face creased and red. “You could have been more careful. That was my first mission. MY mission, I was in charge. I left you behind as rearguard, so in essence, I killed that man.”
“Whoa, calm down, Rookie. Remember, it was either his one life or a dozen Maskies, or worse—mine.” Mazarin was truly being apologetic, but only out of respect for Evander. The truth was, this was a stupid issue, and he didn’t care, so though polite, his voice was firm.
Evander cursed lightly and said, “What were you thinking?”
Mazarin shrugged and continued to police Fang’s unblemished surface. “Sooner or later, you’re either going to accept that this sort of thing happens and stop worrying so much, or you’re going to snap and go crazy like Artemis.”
“What are you trying to say?” Evander said, his tone suspicious and offended. “That I’m like Artemis? Artemis never cared about protecting life, ever, not for a second.”
“What I’m saying is just that you shouldn’t worry so much,” Mazarin said. “Live and let live.”
Evander sneered, “Let live…”
Mazarin was forced to backpedal, “Whatever, figure of speech, the point is, take a deep breath, relax, do what you have to do, and don’t worry about it.”
“Or,” Evander said, “maybe your problem is that you don’t worry or care enough.”
Mazarin put Fang away and climbed to his feet. Standing tall, he looked directly into Evander’s eyes and said, “Evander, you’re my friend, so I’ve put up with a lot of your complaining, but it’s going to have to stop now, or I might not be able to compose myself much longer.” His muscles twitched, and Mazarin could feel the juices of anger threatening to boil inside his veins.
Evander shook his head. “This isn’t about you or me; don’t you get it?” He paused. “That was a person's life. A real living person, as real as you, or me, or Zina.”
Mazarin clenched his teeth but didn’t react.
“…with hopes and dreams… and a future.”
Mazarin had a choice to make, and with all the self-control he could muster, he swallowed his pride and laughed. He laughed at himself, laughed at Evander, but most of all laughed at the stupid thing Evander had just said.
“A future,” Mazarin said and laughed again. “Doing what? Serving King and country by living a fruitless, loveless, ambitionless, excitement-less, lifeless life, doing everything ENTITY tells him until… until what? He grows old and is shipped away to the no-good dirty ‘shelter’ for the old and decrepit? Come on; I probably did that man a favor.”
At first, Evander grew more rigid and defensive. His face blanched and then turned red at being mocked. But then Mazarin clapped him on the shoulder good-naturedly and said, “But I will try to be more careful in the future, if,” he raised an emphatic finger, “you try to understand my position too.” All anger had left Mazarin, and he even added, “Captain.”
Evander was cold and distant for a few moments more—silent, taking it all in, and when he seemed to have shaken the trance from himself, he smiled, laughed, and nodded in sequence.
“All right, fair enough,” Evander said. “But as captain, I’m still going to try to stop the murder of innocents.”
“Right, splendid, knock yourself out,” Mazarin said, waving Evander off and letting him go out of the briefing room. After all, being captain was busy work, and Mazarin knew Evander had just wasted a lot of good time.

***

Evander half-stumbled out of the briefing room and slipped through the half-empty corridors, unsure of where he was going or what he was thinking. He felt a bizarre boiling confusion inside, a conflict of thought that he couldn’t resolve.
Blood raced through his veins, clouding his vision and blurring his thoughts—so many little thoughts, of course, the largest was his mixed feelings over what Mazarin had done. Nothing different than what Mazarin had always done, Evander supposed, but somehow, it felt so different with himself and not Artemis in charge.
His mind thought back to weeks and weeks ago when he had seen someone die the first time. The action was unnecessary; the person seemed so innocent, and in no time, the person was so dead. Then it had been Nero, who had seemed so elusive and far from Evander. Cold, distant, and maybe even spiteful. But Evander had been wrong, and it had been because of Evander that Nero had died. And as Evander stumbled from hall to hall aimlessly, he wondered if the person Mazarin had killed tonight had been like Nero to someone else somewhere.
He sat down at a table in Gamma Team’s vacant room and rested his head in his hands. He didn’t want to think about it, didn’t want to feel guilty, but by trying to run from, it the so very recent memory of Omar’s death came back to his mind. Evander could still see his face, his round-happy face and big-open eyes, asking Evander if he should follow Artemis. And the bone-chilling reply from Evander’s own mouth, “Yes,” the word still shook him. Like a death sentence, Evander had pronounced it, thoughtless and foolish. And now Omar was dead, having done what Evander told him to do.
And then his mind shifted to the dank gray-blue memory of standing in the distance, watching as Artemis dragged the corpse to the dumpster, not even bringing him back to the Order for a service, just leaving him derelict.
Evander wasn’t sure that Artemis had killed Omar or if Artemis’s story had been true. Though he doubted it was true, he could only convict himself for Omar’s death. If he had never said yes, had never finished the task so easily, had never been a mechanic, and so many dozens of other if-only’s, then Omar would still be alive. But no, because of Evander, he was dead.
Always, when someone died, their personality ripped from the world like colored threads from a tapestry, leaving it incomplete. It somehow seemed to lead back to him, back to Evander, always tied to him in the end. Even Arkkon, who Evander had never met and never heard much good about, had died while on a mission to retrieve Evander when he’d just been Eric XXII, so long ago— and yet, all the time could be counted in days. Not even half a year, but it felt like a lifetime ago.
As the guilt-ridden thoughts hammered through his mind, he could feel the rhythmic beating of his heart match the pulses of pain racing through his head. Each memory, each wretched face, each body… He spat bile from his mouth onto the floor near him and resisted all urges to buckle and cry. He was captain; he had finally become what all his life he knew he could not. Had finally disproved ENTITY’s judgment that he could never become anything, and now he was the Captain of the Order. But even as captain, he sat hunched over the table, his face in his hands, wanting very sincerely to lock himself up and cry, and scream, and sing.
What made it even worse was how he’d felt so angry at Mazarin. True, it had not been Mazarin’s place to decide that man’s fate, but he felt betrayed and remembered how hotly he’d acted, how so powerfully he wanted to strike Mazarin with his fist. He’d wanted to beat clear sense and care into the overly self-aware man. He’d wanted to beat his friend.
He had sat still for what must have been hours. Slowly, Evander’s thoughts became firmer and clearer, and the Complex and the present reality took shape. He left Gamma’s room and ignored the river-like flows of the passing halls as he thought. The halls flowed past him as he pondered. He had to apologize. He had to re-earn Mazarin’s friendship.
Evander trusted him with his life, but sometimes Mazarin’s judgment seemed skewed, like killing that man or mocking Kedric, or losing control and breaking things, or falling in love with a top-world governess. But despite all his characteristics, Mazarin was correct in many more things, and his self-control hours before had been enough proof to Evander that Mazarin was a loyal person. His good side outweighed his craziness or hot temper.
And as much as Evander felt confident in his own improving combat skills, he was so very glad that Mazarin hadn’t lost control to strike out at Evander. In fact, there probably wasn’t a man or woman in the Order that could endure or out-maneuver the blows of a wrathful Mazarin, except perhaps Artemis, but certainly not Evander. Realizing this, Evander laughed at his earlier imagination at holding up Truth against Fang, if necessary, to uphold the truth he believed. No, he was no hero; he was just another man—just like Mazarin. And he realized he could not blame Mazarin anymore. Evander knew he could no longer take the route of the coward; it was beyond time for him to shoulder his own blame.
Eventually, Evander’s mind went blank. Perhaps exhausted, or maybe he’d extinguished things to wonder and feel sorry about, but whatever the reason, Evander welcomed the inner solace. He let himself relax in a peace of mind he hoped would last but knew would not.

***

Light sizzled his half-open eyes, and, wiping a stream of drool from his chin, Evander raised his groggy head from the table and shook himself to his feet. He had dozed off for who knows how long when the sound of stressed nearby voices had awoken him. Feeling a sense of duty as captain, he slapped himself awake and crept toward the door, listening.
He quickly recognized the first voice as belonging to Bria. She sounded soothing and pleasant, despite her emotionally stressed tone. She said something unclear, and Evander ducked out of the hall and around a bend to get closer. As he did, he could hear the deep but frantic voice of Artemis; it sounded almost like an argument.
Then there was a pause, and Evander rubbed the wax out of his ears. A strained cough cut through the silence like a jagged knife, which more than anything confirmed to Evander that Artemis was nearby.
The two of them had always been a pair since the day Evander arrived and perhaps long before; it wouldn’t surprise him if they were quarreling about some small issue. Maybe the way Artemis had let his hair grow neglected or why he hadn’t done anything special with Bria or some such lovers’ nonsense. Evander knew it would be improper to eavesdrop and perhaps even childish. Was he jealous that he didn’t know what it felt like to have someone to nag, to love? He shook the thought away but somehow couldn’t walk away. Instead, he crept even nearer and listened. He was compelled to listen, compelled to know what was upsetting them. Somehow, some part of him was desperate to know someone else’s problems and misery, desperate to mask and forget his own.

***

Artemis saw Bria through the lenses of two very intent and strained eyes. As she moved and smiled, Artemis couldn’t describe what he saw. So beautiful and shaped so near-perfectly, and even her small and rare flaws were just part of her ever-potent character. She was everything, everything he had left.
His mouth twisted into a snarl as he thought of the most recent events. He had lost all respect for himself. Had lost his captaincy, his life, his position, his authority, his self-control, his passion, and his best friend had turned on him, all of it wasted for that wretched pistol. But even as he cursed it, he was relieved by the secure-feeling the snugly concealed pistol gave him, reassuring him even as it chaffed and poked him. He could take it and crush it he knew, throw it away forever. No one could stop him. He had the power. I could do it any time, he thought. Yet secretly, he feared he couldn’t do that at all. Not now, not ever. Not really. It was all Evander’s fault, truly. Foolish, insolent boy, thief of everything Artemis had once had. But Artemis kept the deep, icy hate inside and turned his gaze back toward Bria, who stood not far from him. Her pretty face and smile twisted in an attractive disgruntled form.
“Bria, please, don’t act that way,” Artemis said, and he walked toward her, holding out his arms for her. He knew that whenever she slipped her beautifully attractive form into his arms, she was docile as a pet and could be controlled and set aside according to Artemis’s every whim.
But she didn’t slip into his arms; she resisted and looked deep into his eyes. “Artemis, I- I’m not sure you love me anymore. What’s happened to you? You’ve changed; why?” Bria said, her voice timid like a child’s.
“Of course, I love you,” he said to appease her. And as near as he understood love, Artemis did love her. He wanted to hold her, wanted to sleep with her, wanted to spend time with her, wanted someone to be there for and with him, no matter what.
“Bria, you’re all I have left,” he added sincerely; even his voice crackled and trailed off. “Without you, I am nothing.”
She seemed somewhat soothed by the words. And for a moment, they, like poison, slipped into her system and undid her defensiveness, her tenseness. But as Artemis came nearer, to hold and press her against his chest, she stepped back. Her face was torn between two emotions, and it seemed a sense of sorrow prevailed. A dribbling tear, red eyes, a quivering lip, and then she turned her head from him. She was ashamed. She was ashamed of him—ashamed of Artemis and what he had become!
“Art, I don’t know. I don’t know what’s become of you.” Artemis watched her tremble, perhaps thinking of the rumors that Artemis had killed Omar, the lies that Evander had spread. The lies, or were they lies? Artemis couldn’t remember. He couldn’t get himself to want to remember.
Artemis retreated a step for a brief second, burdened by the sorrow swelling inside his chest and weighing down upon his face. He swallowed and felt a cold fire inside him that energized him and took over all his fears and regrets.
“I’m not changed. I’m fine,” he said, taking a step toward her.
Bria shook her head and took a step back, “No.”
“No, don’t go,” Artemis said frantically, “You’re all I have left!” His voice echoed and echoed again. And both of them were shocked. Artemis had never raised his voice at anyone before, much less her. “Please,” he whispered, “stay and love me.”
Bria shook her head but was slow to speak, “No, I, no… we can’t. I’m not ready,” she said. “We’re not ready; we both need time.”
“Time? Time for what? What do you mean we’re not ready? I’m ready, and you’re ready. You’re just afraid. Please, prove to me that you love me,” Artemis said to her, trapping her against the wall between his arms, breathing his hot breath down her neck while gazing at her frightened eyes with his own, intent and overpowering. “You’re all I have left,” Artemis kept repeating to himself and her over and over; his mind was swimming, and he lost perception for what was happening.
“No, NO, please, Art, no,” Bria seemed to be saying, but her words blurred in Artemis’s mind. “Yes, yes,” she was saying, she must be saying.
Gazing at Bria, a need filled his mind. He heard the soothing tone of her voice sound like a thousand trumpets ringing through the void and emptiness.
“No, Artemis, we both need time.”
He felt the small island on which he stood shrink away, leaving him helpless and drowning. He couldn’t accept this—this couldn’t be happening. He was confused. Thoughts and shapes melded together, and he felt rage overpower him. He was buckling under his desires, his tastes, his needs, his lusts.
“NO!” a voice said. Artemis wondered if it had been his voice as the howl sounded through the room. He trembled visibly, excitedly, angrily, hatefully, lustfully, energetically, and obsessively, sweat pouring down his brow in thick beads. And he whimpered for a moment, “No, I need you.”
Her shape became clear, but the rest of the world was still whirling as if his peripheral vision was spinning in circles. His arising need was becoming paramount, and whatever forces had been keeping it in place were collapsing as the energy and craving surged through every digit and vein of his body.
But inside, a small warning said quietly, “All will be lost; all will be lost,” but he ignored it. He couldn’t hear it; he couldn’t believe it. No, he would make her his forever. He would control her. He would take her. He would… have her. His cold fire turned hot and red inside and began to spread like wildfire.
He could see her try to shrink away, genuine fear rising in her eyes. “No, no, please,” she was squealing, struggling against his grip. He hadn’t even realized he’d pinned her. She was afraid, but he wanted to shake her; she shouldn’t be frightened. She shouldn’t be ashamed. He advanced. Grabbing a pleasurable hold of her, he began to grope and kiss her. She wailed, and he clamped his hand over her mouth and then his lips. He swallowed her screams with his forced kiss. Then a small part of him warned him, footsteps behind, but he couldn’t find the power to let go of her to turn. He didn’t care. It was all over. He was taking her.
Before he could take ahold of what was happening, an inhumanly firm grip seized him at his shoulder and arm from behind. He was ripped from Bria and taken off the ground, then hurled across the room where he crashed into a wall, head cracking against the metal. He rolled face-up, senseless. He saw a face, a dull, blurry face, brown hair, red and cold and angry; it was Evander’s face. Artemis felt enraged, and then the face and everything around it faded to black, and he sank into a dizzy unconsciousness.


CHAPTER 17 

Sleep did not come easily for Evander. Questions still plagued his mind, questions that couldn’t take coherent form in his thoughts but somehow were clear enough to toss his emotions to-and-fro. He occasionally glanced at the red-lit digits of his timekeeper while staring upward at the blackened ceiling of the dark room.
The most powerful issue was a question of morality, a sense that it seemed no one else had developed inside them, except for perhaps poor Bria. Horrible, horrible images haunted his mind, livid portraits of Bria cowering on the floor, with Artemis over her, crying in sorrow, despair, pain, betrayal, and who knows what else. It shook the deepest, most sincere part of him, and while inside he cried with Bria, the memory of Artemis molesting her like a rabid wolf made him shake with rage.
For the first time ever, he’d literally wanted to kill someone. And as he’d thrown Artemis against the wall and kicked him, he’d felt powerful and perhaps a little dark. Evander’s head spun; no matter what he did, he couldn’t block it all away. He couldn’t manipulate his mind into finding a solution to all his questions. He couldn’t invent or fathom one to satisfy him even enough to fall asleep. Nothing, no hidden pending solution he was avoiding. There was no answer, and because of it, he tossed and turned for hours uselessly.
Every last thing he hated about life took presence on his mind—not just the killing, the deaths, the betrayal, the fear, or the confusion, but also the torment that some people had to endure. He saw Mazarin and most everyone else insult and poke fun at Kedric. The poor, socially inept, strange person who so ingeniously had engineered explosives that had saved Evander’s life at least twice. The same bloke who sat alone and lived alone in his own world, attached only to the science texts the Patriarch gave him and an occasional mission with the team, perhaps twice a week at most. Evander couldn’t help wondering if the Order’s lack of empathy had made Kedric become what he had—the social invalid—the nobody who was only good for a laugh.
The thought had crossed his mind that perhaps all this concern for everyone else, Mazarin, Bria, Kedric… was just a subtle way he hid his own worries for himself, for his own inadequacy. Evander couldn’t help but wonder if all his presumptions, morals, and understandings were wrong.
Twice, at least, he’d thought he knew his place in the world, from Screamer Dock Mechanic to the Order, and now he was captain. But what did that really mean—to be captain?
He didn’t feel any different from when he wasn’t captain, and other than culture shock, he didn’t feel much of a change from his life in the docks. Sure, he had been trained to a much higher physical potential. He could fight, and he was involved in a kind of brotherhood, but deep down, Evander and Eric were still the same person, weren’t they? He had the same hands and face he’d always seen when approaching a mirror, same laugh, same sense of humor, same desire to be lazy.
Again, he thought of Artemis, who was in many ways his alter ego, Evander decided. Everything Artemis had lost, Evander had somehow gained. They both seemed to be given special attention from the Patriarch, and they seemed opposite coin sides. While Evander knew he worried about defining morals and protecting lives, Artemis believed in no polarized good and evil and didn’t think twice about a lost life. He could always get up and move on, and in his quiet, he was cunning, calculating, and confident. Evander felt confused, loud, and blundering by comparison and wondered, even if he did save lives, if he could ever really be as a good a captain as Artemis had been.
Evander despised Artemis more than any other man, more than he ever thought he could hate someone, more than he ever thought anyone could hate someone. But simultaneously, he feared and respected him more than anyone. True, Mazarin was skilled and powerful, but he didn’t seem to have the depth to be cold and merciless like Artemis did, even if Mazarin pretended. No, Artemis was like an evil machine, and Evander questioned whether any trace of humanity was left behind the dark facade.
Evander let his mind shift away from Artemis and circle other things, fears, pleasures, concerns, feelings, memories, nostalgia, everything that he could think of, he thought of. Turbulently, the steady but sporadic flow of musings traveled the main stage of his thinking until finally stopping on a single name. Bria. What of Bria?
He couldn’t help but admit to himself, in the security of his own mind, that she was the most brilliant and divine of all women he’d ever met. Like him, she seemed to have a fondness for protecting innocent life, and even more appealing was her innocent nature. She seemed loyal and caring, and best of all, no longer with Artemis. What was he saying? Was he actually considering the horrible assault from Artemis to be a good thing in the end? For his own ulterior purposes? Was he only angry at Artemis because he was jealous?
He turned over and felt sick at the thought. Before long, he was able to convince himself that, as attractive as Bria was, he would never handle her the way Artemis had, no matter the circumstances. But still, what did it all mean? Did it mean that he loved her? Evander hesitated before thinking that specific word. But eventually, he decided that it might be true. Of course, he knew it wasn’t true love. He didn’t feel close enough to Bria for it to be, but he also believed that it could become that if both he and she wanted it to.
His thought ran back to only hours before when, after he’d dispatched Artemis, she ran to him, desperate for any support, and he held her, caressing her gently and rubbing her back while she buried her tear-pouring eyes on his shoulder. He listened to her quivering voice, trying to make sense between sobs and how he’d comforted her and hushed her, let her get it all out of her system.
He couldn’t help but remember the feel of her body trembling against his, his arms supporting her… holding her… thinking how delicate and precious she really was.
And then he felt tired. This memory soothed him, and in its fullness, it drifted him into a land of peaceful, dreamless, empty sleep. It lasted for perhaps an hour or two, brief moments of peace that carried him from the darkest phase of the night until he awoke again. His head was hot and burning, and slight dizziness made him feel ill. He overturned the covers but soon realized he wasn’t going to get any more sleep that night.
But feeling antsy just lying there drove him insane, so he lifted himself from the bed, dressed, and took his troubles from the room.
He wandered aimlessly through the Complex, nursing the riddles of life by puzzling over them until he’d found his way to the large and open gym.
His inner concentration was shattered by a clang of metal against the cement floor. He looked sideways to see Bria standing on the other side. She was facing opposite him, and her long brown hair cascaded down her shoulders. Her lithe body appeared ready and stiff. In her hand, she was holding a practice short-sword she’d probably taken from one of the chests. For a fleeting second, it reminded Evander of the time he’d met Mazarin, and he’d broken a practice longsword.
Then Evander saw another short-sword lying on the ground by Bria’s feet, where he presumed she had dropped it. Evander walked toward her, and the sound of his boots on the hard floor alerted Bria, and she turned to face him. At first, her face was a grimace of fear, and she raised the sword, but upon recognizing him, she relaxed and even dared a slight smile that she quickly tried to hide. Probably without meaning to, Bria relaxed her grip so that this sword also dropped to the ground, clattering on the hard gym floor next to its twin.
“Evan, I thought you were…” her voice was clearly relieved.
“You’re really afraid of Artemis, aren’t you?” Evander said, astounded. Of course, she had every reason to be, but why was she trying to learn swordplay in the middle of the night? Bria didn’t even have a lifeblade; she had a lifecloak, her ever-famous chameleon cloak.
Perhaps he imagined it, but it seemed that her body went stiff at the sound of the name. From where Evander stood, he thought he could see small droplets of tears forming in her eyes. Evander instinctively walked to her and put his arms around her. “Bria, it’s alright,” he said, wondering whether he’d meant the gesture more to comfort her or because he wanted his arms around her again.
At first, she shied away from his touch, but finally, the stress of the situation made her drop her defenses, and she came close to him, collapsing into his arms and weeping.
“No, it’s not all right,” she said between sobs. “He’s not the same anymore; he’s just…it’s all wrong. He’s… oh, Evan, he’s going to kill me! I just know it.”
“WHAT?” Evander said, suppressing a laugh. “What are you talking about? He’s not going to kill you.” He rubbed her back gently and rocked slightly from side-to-side.
Almost forever, he held her before her sweet tiny lips curled open and whispered, “I just know it; like Omar, my days are numbered.”
“No,” Evander said soothingly. “No, that isn’t true. I promise,” he said, not really paying attention to what it meant exactly. He knew he wanted to comfort her, and that was all that mattered. And if it cost him any price, he’d pay it without even a thought. Even if it meant fighting Artemis, he’d do it.
He could feel the minutes slide by. The two of them together, silently, their closeness speaking more volumes of comfort to each other than their few words. Her weeping had stopped, and instead, she looked up into his eyes. Her tearfulness seemed to magnify her eyes’ radiance, and Evander felt a good feeling. They pulled away after a while, yet instead of retiring to their rooms, they sat in the vacant Alpha Team room. Evander knew they needed to talk, but he wasn’t sure what he wanted to say, only that he wanted to say something.
Sitting next to him, she kept her eyes on his and said, “How do you always know how to find me when I need you to?”
Evander shrugged.
“Am I that easy to stalk?” She tried to laugh, and then she stopped and said, “But seriously, this is the second time in less than a whole day.”
“Um, because I’m awesome,” Evander said smiling, sounding much more like Mazarin than he’d meant to.
Bria eyed him skeptically, perhaps teasing him, and her mouth curled into a smile for a fleeting instant.
“No, really?” she said, her eyes searching his, and Evander wondered what she was looking for.
“I don’t know,” Evander said, “but I know that I drift around sometimes like a zombie.” He chuckled, but she didn’t. She waited to hear the rest, “I mean, I’m always wondering about things. Something inside is always nagging me, and I wander around, trying to figure out what it is and… well, I don’t know, coincidence maybe,” he said, giving up on his theory.
“What troubles you, Evander?” she said genuinely.
He shrugged his shoulders, “Anything… everything… I really couldn’t say. But for starters, I sometimes wonder about Artemis.”
She looked down, and Evander regretted mentioning the name. He didn’t mean to remind her of her own problems by telling her his own. “And I worry about suddenly becoming captain,” he said, trying to shift the subject away from Artemis.
“I wonder about Kedric, and I feel sorry about him,” Evander continued, “but mostly, I guess, I wonder about… good…”
Bria looked up, back into his eyes, and laughed quietly, “Wonder about ‘good?’ What does that mean?”
“It means that all this time,” Evander sat up straighter and hushed his voice a few more notches, “I’ve been wondering about what we’re doing here. I mean the Order, you know?” She nodded and seemed to give him even closer attention. “I mean, what are we really trying to do, and how are we doing any good? I mean, sure we’re all alive, and I guess freeing our brothers and sisters, but honestly, other than me, when have we ‘freed’ someone?”
“Months and months,” Bria said, “you’re right; we’re just doing chores for the Patriarch, for some master design that we don’t know about.”
Evander smiled, “You know, you’re quite the conspiracy theorist, I think.” He laughed. “But you’re right, little missions for him, killing people for him, and all under the mask of trying what… to overturn the cruel world of ENTITY? We’ll never be able to overturn ENTITY.”
“Yeah,” she said in agreement, and a long, drawn-out silence followed. Evander realized that she, like himself, couldn’t form a satisfactory conclusion as to what the bigger picture looked like, and in a small way, it made him glad that it wasn’t just his imagination.
“Evan,” she said, “Before you came, I thought I was the only one who ever really worried or cared about what my feelings were telling me, I mean, about all of this.” She gestured around, and Evander saw old charts tacked on a board, missions long since dead, and with them the lives of soldiers, civilians, and even some of their brothers. “But I let myself be lost in the rush of all of it,” she said. “I let myself be buried in it and tried to ignore… what war makes people do; it was terrible. Some of it much worse than anything you’ve ever seen,” she said, her face suddenly gaunt, and Evander felt a pit of sickness turning in his stomach at the thought. “I’m glad you’re here,” she said at last, and she leaned her head against him, and Evander felt both pleased and excited.
Evander wanted her to feel as good as he did at that moment; for the first real time, he felt… bright. “We have a rare gift, Bria,” he said. “We have an awareness and empathy that helps guide our actions.”
“You mean we have consciences?” she asked.
“Yes, I suppose,” Evander said.
“I actually believe that everyone has a conscience, but most people just ignore theirs,” Bria said.
“Okay, fine,” Evander said teasingly, “then our rare gift, or curse, is that we’re so weak we can’t look past our consciences.” They both laughed quietly.
“And let’s hope that curse never lifts,” she said, pulling his arm around her and sitting closer to him. “Artemis was always my excuse to put up with it, ignore it, and forget it, but with him gone now…” Her voice trailed off for a moment. “Oh, Evan, I don’t know what to think or do. Every day passes, and I feel my conscience and myself a little weaker.” She glanced away. “I’m losing myself, Evan.”
Evan watched as Bria sat up, brought her knees to her chest, and folded her arms around them. He saw a shiver course through her body. “I need out,” she mumbled.
Evander didn’t know what to say, just that he felt the same way. After waiting for a few moments, he finally forced his tongue, “I know how you feel,” he said slowly. “I can’t justify what I’m doing anymore. I can’t justify the team’s actions. As captain, I’ve found that their actions are my actions, my responsibilities. And I can’t live with it anymore.”
“Evan, take me away; let’s both get out of here, leave this dark place behind us, go somewhere… happier,” Bria said, bursting at last.
“And where would we go?” Evander said, unable to escape into the dream just yet, despite its rich appeal. “We could never go back to Civilization. We’ve been deleted, and even if we could fake identities, we’d never be happy. Trust me; I was there not long ago.”
“I don’t know, get deported to Wasteland, run to the RFP.”
“Or steal a spaceship and make for Old Earth?” Evander said.
Bria looked back at him annoyed, “Please, don’t tease me about this. I really think I can’t take much more of this. There has to be some way out.”
“You know,” Evander said, “it’s funny; I used to talk to Mazarin about going away a long time ago.” Evander forced a laugh, “But I was like a child then.”
Bria didn’t reply. She just looked upward in definite contemplation.
But you’re right,” Evander said. “I think of the last several missions I’ve gone on, we’ve gone on, even the one that I was in charge of. People were in danger, and people died every time.” It almost hurt to say it. It was one thing to realize that it was his fault in his head, but to tell someone else and admit it to them was difficult. Still, he had done it and felt good about it.
“Bria,” Evander continued, “Mazarin may be off on a lot of things, but he’s dead right on one.” She raised a curious eyebrow. “The Patriarch is losing his senses, and he is taking more needless risks than ever. I'm afraid of what is going on,” Evander said, thinking back to the way he had seen the Patriarch the past few weeks… ever since Artemis’s addiction had been uncovered. It was as if the Patriarch was losing it all when his greatest prospect was discredited and judged incapable of leading.
“I need to get out,” he admitted, agreeing with her, “but I don’t know how.”
It was a futile dream, he realized, and one that would continue to get both their hopes up unless he could shrug it aside. So, Evander tried to change the subject. They discussed frivolous and light issues such as favorite colors and lifetime stories late into the next morning. But under all the chatter, Evander’s stomach churned, knowing that escape, though impossible, was the only option they had.

***

Only days after his long nighttime conversation with Bria, Evander had been summoned to the Patriarch’s office. Whatever information the Patriarch had extracted from the datagem they’d stolen must have been enough because now he was ready to act and complete phase two, whatever that meant. Arriving, Evander was surprised by a new face lurking in a corner on the room's opposite side. The Patriarch didn’t introduce him, and so Evander avoided the subject and tried not to stare. He couldn’t identify what it was about the man, but something bothered Evander. One thing was certain; the man didn’t belong there.
The Patriarch was quick and to the point, as always. He mentioned the goal and target for the next assignment, but Evander couldn’t help but feel he was being manipulated despite the clarity. The goal didn’t seem to match the target, and he wondered a great many theories as to why the Patriarch would send them on such an insane mission. But he followed all the motions, accepted the assignment respectfully, and took the documents to the Alpha Team room, where he called a meeting.
“So, what’s the plan, Chief?” Mathias asked, the newest addition to Alpha Team, Nero’s belated replacement and not half the fighter he had been.
“First of all, let me do the talking until I’ve explained everything,” Evander said, annoyed.
“And secondly, don’t call the Rookie ‘Chief,’” Mazarin was happy to add.
“Thanks for that,” Evander said sarcastically as he spread the maps and papers the Patriarch had given him onto the table. “Basically, it’s a hit and fade mission: we slip in, we slip out, we steal kind of deal.”
“I think you mean a hit and destroy, right?” Mazarin said hopefully.
“No,” Evander said. “Hit and fade if we even have to hit at all. And there are a couple of good reasons for taking any and all precautions.”
“Protect innocent lives, blah-blah-blah,” Mazarin said.
Evander wasn’t in the mood to argue. Instead, he simply continued, “And because of the nature of the target, we’re outgunned, outnumbered, oh, and did I mention, out-everything’d?”
“What are you talking about?” Artemis said in a flat icy whisper.
“It means that our target is Blackmask Headquarters…”
There was a pause, and then, almost in chorus, everyone voiced their own unique concerns.
Bria, “Is he crazy?”
Mathias, “He wants us all killed.”
Artemis mumbled something incoherent.
Mazarin, “Beauty!”
Kedric, “I’ve heard of worse.”
The target was riskier than any Evander could think of, excluding, of course, the darkrooms, Talcomm HQ, the Prefect’s Estate, or securest of all, the Archive Drives inside the darkrooms. But ranking number five on the “most dangerous places to infiltrate” list was saying a lot. And, for the most part, the group respected that. No matter how Evander tried to stack the deck, this would not be a smooth mission, and probably people would die, maybe some of them. Did the Patriarch even care? How important were these documents they were supposed to steal? Worth more than their lives? There had to be a larger, darker motive in place—and who had that stranger been anyway?
But, despite his thoughts, Evander couldn’t voice these concerns to his team. He needed their confidence, so he said only, “It’s nothing we can’t handle.”
“Now, you’re talking sense,” Mazarin said. The man was polishing Fang, and Evander wondered how he could think of it all only as some sort of glorious game.
As captain, Evander was not excited to find a datagem and documents guarded at the very jaws of Blackmask, and for a fleeting instant, he almost wanted to run away from it all right then. Impractical, impossible, and stupid, but tempting, nonetheless.
“Aren’t you the least concerned about all this?” Evander said to Mazarin at last.
“I always told you the old coot was crazy. But no, no one listened to me. So, this is really no big surprise. Anyway, don’t shake too much, Rookie; I’m two steps ahead of him, and I’ve got your back.”
“What do you mean you’re two steps ahead?” Evander said.
“I’ve got this.” He set Fang on the table and patted it.
“I can’t believe this…” Evander said, muttering to himself.
Throughout the room, all the tones were the same, disbelief tinged with a kernel of distaste.
“It’s our target, and we’ll handle it to the best of our abilities, even though it’s… not the most realistic goal,” Evander said, trying to reassure his team and in part trying to reassure himself. “Anyway, take an hour, but we’re leaving in an hour sharp, so meet here and don’t be late.”
With no reason to remain, most of the team left, perhaps to enjoy the last sixty-minutes of their natural lives: Kedric to his quarters, Mathias to the showers, and Mazarin to the gym to get some extra practice. As Artemis wandered out, he shot Evander a warning look, patted his wrist dagger, and left. He didn’t say what it meant, but Evander had a pretty good idea. When all the others had gone, he turned around to see Bria still sitting in her chair, waiting.
“Is there a problem, Ms. Bria?” he said, walking toward her.
“Oh, drop the formal captain mask and talk to me again like we did a few nights ago. Stop avoiding me,” Bria said, “and, yes, I have a problem.”
It was true that Evander had avoided her. He hadn’t really meant to, and he had wanted to talk and hold her again more than ever. But something made him afraid, afraid of himself and what was happening to him. He wondered why he felt so strongly for her—and perhaps even more, why he was scared of Artemis.
“My problem is that I don’t want to do this mission. I don’t believe in it. I don’t think it’s a good idea, and I don’t think it’s something we should do; we should run, leave, get out, but not do this suicide mission.”
Evander turned back around, closed the door, and came back, whispering, “We can’t leave now. We have to wait for the right moment—for an opportunity to arise. For now, we have to blend in. Besides, I still have a duty to guard as many lives as possible until we can leave. So, I have to do this; we all have to do this.”
There was a long pause, and he knew Bria was trying to swallow his words and take them in. Finally, she spoke, “All right, I’ll cooperate, but only because of you, not the Patriarch.”
“Good,” he said.
“Then I’d better go now. As soon as I’m ready, I’ll need the extra time to find the safest way into Blackmask HQ,” she said.
Evander nodded. “What do you need to do to get ready?”
She approached him, and before he knew what was happening, she had tilted his head down toward her and kissed him. He pulled her close and held the moment out, enjoying the strange but pleasureful experience until, at last, she pulled away. “I’m ready now,” she said and made for the door. As she opened it, she turned back around and said, “Goodbye, Evander, I love you.” She disappeared, and the door closed behind her.
Alone, Evander tried to refocus himself to the mission, tried to prepare himself for the coming ordeal, but he couldn’t. He was dazed with bliss. Wiping his lips with two fingers, he sat down, his heart still throbbing excitedly. She loved him? She honestly, sincerely loved him?
“Bria, be careful,” he said quietly to the empty room. In his head, he remembered how she had replied the last time he’d spoken those words, during the previous mission they’d completed.
“Why wouldn’t I be?” the memory said. And he smiled, maybe, just maybe, he was in love like Mazarin and Zina had been. Only this time, he hoped it would last.

***

As far as Bria could tell, she only had a few more meters of invariant vent intersection to go through until she reached the panels that would open into Blackmask HQ’s storage room. Out of nervous habit, she pulled her cloak around her figure even tighter and tried to breathe deeply.
She knew this was going to be the most challenging and drawn-out scouting she had ever done. She thought back to the limited schematics Cutter had been able to give her via Evander. She remembered that the ventilation shaft broke into small, boxy pipes too small to travel through after the storage room, so she’d have to start there.
And very quickly, she arrived and peered through the narrow slits and saw a hard, polished floor looking back at her. Somewhat indecisively, she turned over the facts she did know in her mind. There was sure to be at least one cybot on location, as well as who knows how many soldiers. Her stomach seemed to turn over, and her palms grew sweaty touching the cold panel, and she wished she could somehow quiet her ever-distracting nerves.
She pressed her ear against the vent wall and listened: a few fading footsteps and then nothing. She couldn’t be sure but guessed the room was not empty. So, without time to hesitate, she removed the panel, carefully keeping herself masked by the cloak, placed it behind her, and dropped to the floor.
And then to her immediate panic, her eyes locked with the spider-like form of a cybot standing between towering metal shelves. She wasn’t sure if the chameleon cloak affected the cybot’s optical sensors, but she huddled under it motionlessly just the same. Luckily, her fall had been silent, and it didn’t seem like the cybot could detect her—at least, not yet.
She crept her way sideways, a steady inch at a time, her toes pressing against the hard tile floor with each carefully placed step in perfect silence. When she’d gotten to the side of the room, she paused and looked back at the cybot, suddenly realizing how different it was compared to others she’d seen. Two of its forelegs had been removed, and mounted over a shoulder-like hump was a large, high-tech-looking square pipe. Either a camera or gun, she decided, though unnecessarily large for either.
She shot a flashless picture with her watch and warily shrunk away from the machine, ducking out of the room and into the hallway vent opening, closing it behind her. Making sure no one was near enough to hear a whisper, she turned the volume low on her watch and tapped it. “Cutter, tell me what you make of this.” She typed a few commands that transmitted the picture she’d taken to him.
After a few very long minutes, his voice came over the receiver, “Bria, you all right?”
“Fine enough right now, Cutter, but I’m wondering if you could help me with finding a way out that doesn’t involve the storage room vent, just in case that thing wakes up,” Bria said.
“Why? He looks docile as a cat; he even let you take his picture,” Cutter said jokingly.
“Not now, Cutter,” she said nervously, peering through the vents.
“Right, I’ll see what I can find.”
She waited a few minutes in silence and, just for comfort, withdrew her pulsar and fingered it tightly.
“Sorry, Bria, but that’s the only way in or out that is large enough for a person, unless you’d rather take your chances going through the main doors,” Cutter said at last.
She released a flustered breath and said, “It’ll do, I guess; thanks, Cutter,” for nothing, she wanted to add.
“Bria, the cybot you’re afraid of, is it still shut down?” Cutter said.
“I think so. I don’t know. I can’t see it from here,” she said, struggling to catch a glimpse, but it was impossible from her perch in the vents above the hallway.
“Well, if you are feeling brave, you can sever the wires at the base of its neck, and that should make it helpless,” Cutter said. “But that’s the best I can do for you. If it’s any comfort, Evander and the Alphas are en route.”
She breathed out slowly and tried to keep her voice calm, “Is there anything else I should do while I’m committing suicide?” she said sarcastically.
“Sorry, Bria, my hands are tied, but you should manage. Message me again when you’ve finished off the cybot, so we can know that you’re all right. If something bad happens, try to push the recall button twice, and I’ll see if I can send help.”
She tapped the watch off, watching it switch back to the time function, and wondered how to go about her task. She could go ahead as planned and take her chances at not tripping an alarm, or she could take her chances trying to dismantle the cybot by pulling wires she didn’t know anything about. Or she supposed she could just sit there and take her chances at not dying of thirst before ENTITY renovated the building, and she could escape easily.
Eventually, she opted to follow Cutter’s advice and take her chances with the cybot. She had decided not to ask Cutter what to do if something went wrong. What could anyone do? If something went wrong, then she was a goner. Deciding that being a goner might mean a quick and uncomplicated escape from a somewhat wretched world anyway, she found the grit to slip from the vents and approach the cybot. Okay, it’s just you and me, she thought, for the first time in her life actually wanting to emulate qualities of Mazarin’s: ignorance and courage in the face of certain death. Let’s get it on, metal-head.

***

The most difficult thing was often the long traveling through the city from vent to vent. Though he was familiar with most of the frequently used passageways by now, Evander always felt a strange paranoia that the same recurring gray-metal intersections in shafts meant he was leading the group in fruitless circles. But no one corrected him or voiced an objection, so he continued and forced himself to be confident that he did, in fact, know exactly where he was going.
Not long after, he would have guessed he was three-quarters of the way to HQ’s entrance, marked by a particular cut in one of the sidewalls. He felt his wrist vibrate. He glanced down in the darkness, using Truth as light to see that Cutter was sending a message to his watch. He motioned for the team to take a break, and he walked ahead of the group, cautiously checking around to make sure it was safe to make noise and then tapping the watch promptly after.
Because of his delay, the message had been recorded. Somewhat distressed, Cutter’s voice said, “Bria is in trouble; message me ASAP.”
Evander’s heart sank, and he, for an instant, felt too weak and guilty to do or say anything. Then, stumbling for his inner stamina, he tried to take charge of the situation, first by tapping his watch again.
“Cutter,” he said, “what’s this all about?”
“I’ve lost contact with Bria. She was about to… she was supposed to have messaged me by now.”
Evander couldn’t let that pause go unnoticed, “What do you mean she was about to? She was about to what?”
“She was about to unwire a cybot the last time I talked to her, and I haven’t heard from her since,” Cutter said.
“Maybe it isn’t safe for her to speak, so she’s holding off,” Evander suggested, trying to sound optimistic. Despite this, he felt a rush of anxiety and wanted nothing more than to bolt to the scene. “Tell me where she was, and we’ll go fetch her and that datagem the Patriarch wants.”
“Sorry, Evander, but the Patriarch has called it off. The Blackmask Headquarters is no place to go running into bullheaded. This mission is canceled; bail out before we lose all of Alpha Team,” Cutter said, and his side of the transmission ended.
Evander stood in place, stunned. He hadn’t even gotten to the site yet, and the mission was called off. How could they cancel it, and what about Bria—just forget about her?
“She’ll be fine,” Mazarin’s voice said from behind him as if reading his mind. Evander spun to see his friend only feet away, leaning nonchalantly against the vent wall.
“How can you say that? She could be injured right now.”
Mazarin shrugged. “True enough. For that matter, she could be dead right now.” He didn’t take any care to ease the impact of his words, and Evander found them less than comforting, “but nothing you can do right now can change what is happening to her right now.”
Evander shook his head. “B-but Bria…” he stammered, his voice trembling as he spoke. The blend of fear and rage coursed through him, and a small part of him tried to warn that he wasn’t being sensible.
“I know, Evander. I know how you feel, but for once in your life, listen to me, Rookie. I’m all for charge and fight and daring rescue as much as anyone but be reasonable. If we follow you in there, we’ll lose Alpha Team, and we’ll lose her too.”
Mazarin’s calm half-apathetic voice made him sound like a lifeless, careless monster.
“I can’t just leave her there,” Evander said. “I can’t just give up on her like that!”
“None of us can,” Mazarin said, walking nearer, “but we do have to wait for the right moment to try a rescue. We have to wait, scan the nets, see where they take her, and snatch her en route—take advantage of surprise tactics. Right now, they’re expecting us to show up; they’re expecting you. So, they hold every card, defensive advantage, the element of surprise, everything, and by now, the place could be swarming with cybots and professional soldiers who know territory that you do not. And even if you did, you’re too angry to think straight. You don’t have a chance this way.”
Evander fumed and wanted to rip Truth from his sheath. “MAZARIN, IF WE WAIT, SHE MIGHT BE DEAD BEFORE WE EVER FIND HER!” he shouted at him angrily.
Mazarin grabbed Evander by the shoulders and looked him squarely in the eyes, “Listen to me,” he said, shaking him slightly, “if they want her dead, then she’s dead already. More likely, they are using her as bait right now. So, we must wait. Didn’t you learn anything those weeks I trained you?”
Evander shook himself free and met Mazarin’s eyes challengingly. “Yes,” he said. “I learned friendship and loyalty, and because of that, I can’t just sit back like a coward, thinking my life is more important than my friends’ lives.”
“This is different, Rookie; be sensible!”
“All right, I will. Mazarin, you’re right. This is too much to ask from Alpha Team; lead them back.”
“What?”
“I need you to take Alpha Team home and explain to the Patriarch what has happened,” Evander emphasized.
“What? That crotchety old man is the least of my concerns.”
“I’m going in, and I’m going in alone,” Evander said decisively.
“YOU’RE CRAZY!” Mazarin said. “Listen, pal, save the bullheaded solo heroics for the vids. If you have to go in, I’m sure as anything going with you.”
“NO,” Evander said firmly. “I need you to lead them back. I need you to explain what is happening, and…” he paused and looked away for a moment, “I need you still to be there if I don’t make it back. This isn’t your fight.”
“What do you mean, not my fight?” Mazarin said indignantly. “Every fight is my fight.”
“ Mazar, as captain, I gave you a direct order: take them back, now,” Evander said with authority.
“Wow, when did I ever care about ranks or orders, especially from runny-nosed rookies?” Mazarin said insistently.
Finally, Evander thought of what to say; he cleared his throat and spoke, “What would you do if the tables were turned and Zina had been the one that they’d captured, back when you both loved each other?”
Mazarin looked away at the mention of her name and finally nodded, “All right, do what you have to do.” He clapped Evander on the shoulder. “Don’t make me have to come in and rescue you too, though.” Then Mazarin walked away, back toward the lingering Alpha Team. “All right, milksops, let’s get moving, back home now!”
“Goodbye, Mazarin,” Evander said half to himself, then he dashed down the vents in the opposite direction. With each hard-pounding footfall, his resolve became firmer. He would not see another one of his friends die because he didn’t act, especially not Bria.
As he ran, the memory returned of her turning back to him and saying, “Evander, I love you.” It filled his mind with conviction, and he sprinted even harder. Crashing into walls twice in his maddening charge, he cursed and kept going ever closer.
He stared through the dark abyss of the vents as he flew from passage to passage, Truth clutched tightly ahead, lighting the way. Somewhere ahead, Bria was either dead or being held captive. No, no, she was still alive; she would still be alive if he ran harder. As he did so, he felt an angry, defiant tear escape his eye and spill down his cheek. Then his reasoning mind was completely overcome, and he could think no more.
Even though he ripped forward faster than ever before, the ductwork seemed to stretch on forever. As his head spun, he saw in his mind every time he closed his eyes to blink, a flame, a white, fiery netherworld dancing in the palm of his hand. He released himself into it, feeling all his actions slip into subconscious impulses. And then he arrived at the vent opening. A spill of light streamed through the panel’s slits, and he was sure he was at the storage room—the last place anyone had heard from Bria.
Truth’s bright edges seemed to increase in radiance with his livid anger, and now, freed from fear, he held it ready and charged for the panel, his pace not waning.
Fluidly, he sliced the panel apart, ducked, and rolled into the room, quickly gaining his feet firmly beneath him. He was ready for anything, but nothing was there. No cybot, no Bria, no soldiers, no blood, only a few overturned shelves gave any sign of something amiss.
Before heading down the hall, he searched the room for any clue of where they would have taken her. Rummaging through the boxes, he tossed pulsars, tubes, pipes, radios, and cameras aside, finding nothing. Angrily, he chopped the nearest box to pieces, stopping only when a glint of something metallic caught his eye on the far side of the room.
He ran toward it and picked it up. In the palm of his hand, he held an undamaged watch—it was Bria’s. He pocketed it and took a defensive stance, moving toward the door. Listening before leaping, he barged into the hallway and traveled its length, looking in all adjoining rooms as he passed.
It was as if the entire facility had been abandoned. It was empty, phantomlike, and cold. He gathered all his energy in his mind and focused it inside himself, feeling it sharpen his muscles and make him tense and rigid. The noise of his pounding heart was booming inside his head. Unable to bear the suspense of the hollow ghost Complex, he approached an important-looking white door adjacent to a solid Fibersteel door, which he couldn’t hope to force aside. He took a short moment to look the white door over from bottom to top, then readied to slice through it if he had to. Instead, a light kick was enough to send it turning on its hinges, revealing a man facing him, dressed in the khaki Talcomm Officer uniform, as if he’d been waiting. He didn’t look especially powerful and was probably unarmed, not that he seemed in good enough shape to even pretend to take Evander in single combat. The man wasn’t obese, but his slightly pouched gut and thick neck made it clear that he was far better situated behind a desk. Evander could destroy him easily.
“There will be no need for that here,” the man said, pointing toward Truth. He then extended his hands sideward, and on cue, two cybots stepped out and onto his flank and paused. Evander shifted his weight, keeping Truth poised and ready for the moment the cybots attacked.
“Who are you?” Evander asked. “And what do you want?” He kept Truth firmly in his grasp, dismissing the man’s advice to abandon it.
The man shrugged as if to say, have it your way. “Quick and to the point, I see. You are a fascinating species, you Hybrids,” he said. Evander had no idea what he was talking about. The man then gestured toward himself. “My name is Travis, Chief Talcomm Defense Commandant, but Travis will do if you don’t mind.” The man smiled a little after saying his rank. “And while we’re doing formal introductions, who the blazes are you?”
Evander wasn’t in the mood for Travis’s games. “My name is Evander, Chief of I’m Going to Kill You if You Don’t Cooperate with Me,” he said, turning the sword in such a way that the light gleamed off it impressively.
“Ah, I see,” Travis said, “and forgive my manners. I seem to have overlooked my friends.” He pointed back toward the one cybot and then the other. “This would be Butcher, and this is Mauler,” he pointed to the two cybots each in turn. “Chiefs of Try to Kill Me and Die, respectively.”
For half a moment, Evander wondered why he felt so confident, why he was acting so much like Mazarin in a horrible mood, but then the doubt faded. He was gripping Truth and looking at an officer and two cybots in the eyes, and the thought of his own death, which was merely a deeply buried concept, scarcely even crossed his mind.
“Formalities aside,” Travis said in mock cordiality, “I would like to compliment you on your entertainment factor… or that is your race. Yes, most entertaining,” he said, treating each word with a juicy emphasis. “Of course, I’m sure you’re aware of your origins.”
“What would you know of it?” Evander said, and he spat on the floor. This man wasn’t any part of the brotherhood he’d known, the life he’d been swallowed into the past several months. And what was this racism garbage he was talking about? Travis looked as pale and human as Evander did.
“I know everything,” Travis was quick and sharp to say. “The very mechanics of how your swelled mitochondria in your cells help you to move and absorb energy the way you do, and how your advanced, lightly-formed muscular structure, based off of amino acids we’ve never even recorded, gives you stamina without much handicap to weight, and how your hardened central vertebrae protect your precious life-sustaining nerves, and your overactive tendency to clot and heal at remarkable rates, but most interesting of all is the fact that it was all a simple accident that you even survived.” Travis stopped at this point, letting the drama settle and unsettle in Evander’s mind. Evander didn’t understand what Travis was saying, but it reeked of a lie, though somehow it still upset him to the core.
“Which, of course, makes you less, less than animals, less than even bacteria. You are artificial, man-made. The rest of us are examples of nature’s perfection, while you are just a machine,” Travis said with delight. “Ah, I can see it in your face, Evander, that I am right. You are confused; you know nothing of your origins… your creator’s purpose… your near-death experience,” Travis said.
“I don’t believe you,” Evander said distrustfully.
“Really? Why that simply hurts my feelings,” Travis said. “But I expected that, so I’ll give you some proof. Have you never wondered why you and all your ‘siblings’ are the same age?”
Evander wasn’t sure if that was true or not. He’d never really thought about it before. Certainly, everyone was near the same age, but he’d always thought of Bria as somehow a bit younger and Artemis and Mazarin a bit older than the rest. After all, weren’t they always called the elder children?
Evander said nothing for a few moments and then decided he needed to shift things around. He wouldn’t be trapped up in this fool’s mind games. “All right, Travis, get to the point. You don’t have an army waiting to kill me, so you want something; what is it?”
“Or do I?” Travis said cryptically. “Perhaps the army is just outside, and I merely wanted to meet you, see one of you devolved animals with my own eyes,” he folded his arms, “but then again, maybe not.”
“Drop the mystery trash and work with me. You want me to help you, or do you want me just to try and kill you right now,” Evander said, “and spare us all the pain of waiting?”
The man frowned but answered still the same, “I suppose the climax must always come,” he mumbled, “very well, to the point, at last, we have an offer for you.”
Evander snorted, “Why do I suspect that no offer from you is in my best interest?”
“Unless you think that being torn apart by these cybots is in your best interest, then I suggest you re-assess your conclusion there, mate,” Travis said. Both cybots seemed to fidget. “So you can cooperate with us to end a long-lasting plague, and in doing so, save many lives in the long run, or on the other hand, you can individually be responsible for the cause of much more death by not cooperating. Are you a man or a monster?”
Evander looked Travis hard in the face and said, “You tell me. Apparently, I’m just a man-made machine.” He flicked the sword at Travis just a little, but it made him jump slightly back. As Travis stepped forward again and regained his composure, Evander laughed in his face. “By plague, I guess you mean the Order, and no, giving up the lives of my brothers and sisters is not saving anyone.”
“Brothers and sisters indeed!” Travis said. “You don’t share similar hereditary with one of them. None of you do, not that it matters, I suppose…” his voice trailed off for a moment, “But all the same, I think you will compromise in the end.”
“Despite what you think you understand, Travis,” Evander said, “you don’t understand me or even why I am here.”
“Again, you are wrong, Hybrid,” Travis said with a sneer. “The beauty of setting a trap is knowing the bait with which you lure your target and the predictability of quarry. The pretty girl’s life is in your hands now; now, what do you say?”
Evander’s confidence shook for a moment. Even if he weren’t afraid of charging to his fiery death, could he throw away Bria’s life so easily as his own by ignoring Travis? Still, he knew he couldn’t make a deal with the man; it all felt wrong. So, for a second, he stood indecisively, unsure what to do. At least it gave him some hope that Bria was safe for the moment. He hadn’t come too late. Or was the man lying about this too? His stomach churned. “All right,” Evander said at last. “What do you want to know, exactly?”
A triumphant smile crossed over Travis’s face. “For starters, the location of… what did you call it? Ah, yes, the Order, tell me how to find your home nest.”
“Let’s trade,” Evander said. “You tell me the lady’s location first, and I’ll tell you the Order’s location second.” Evander felt nervous but tried not to show it.
“Very well,” Travis said, “considering you’ll never be able to release her by force if that’s what your plan is…” He waited, eying Evander carefully before continuing. Evander tried to look sincere and innocent. “She’s in the room next to this one, barred by the Fibersteel door. How ironic that you got so close to her and could not reclaim her…”
“And if I tell you what you would like to know, are my chances of survival any higher?” Evander asked.
“Considering that if you don’t, you’ll die very quickly, I would say yes, if that makes you feel any better. But in a world like this, who is to say?” Again, Travis’s voice drifted off eerily. “But she will live,” Travis added.
“Hardly a fair deal,” Evander said, trying to stall.
“Are you a gambling sort?” Travis asked. Evander didn’t answer. “Of course, as a citizen, you weren’t allotted much credit, but in those days, did you ever try to double your day’s wage by fixing a bet with a friend?”
Evander said nothing.
“Ever played a game of Roka with a deck of cards and a pair of dice?” Travis persisted even more. “Because, Evander, I hold all the cards,” he said smiling.
“All the cards maybe,” Evander repeated, clutching Truth’s hilt even tighter, “but not all the dice.” He launched toward Travis.
Of course, the two cybots leaped to intercept him; their scurrying spider-like legs rattled against the floor as they extended their collective eight blades. Despite being completely overwhelmed, Evander charged them fearlessly. Truth’s blade glowed brighter than ever before with his resolve.
“Bad decision,” Travis said in the distance as the gap closed between Evander and the cybots. Large rippling waves of energy coursed through his veins, and only inches away from impact, sudden dizziness overcame him. For a split second, his body resisted, and he threw Truth into one of the cybots, ruining one blade arm, but then the draining force was too great. He spun, trying to keep his balance, and glimpsed a third cybot coming through the door. Instead of blades, it sported a blocky black tube emitting the strange rings of disturbance at him in waves.
Evander trembled, fighting a powerful urge to fall unconscious. He struggled with all his might to maintain his stamina as each ripple surged into him, each threatening to make his world sink into blackness. When he finally did collapse, after a few seconds that must have been an eternity, he crashed in a heavy heap.
He saw nothing but heard the scuttle of feet near him, and then they stopped. No. It couldn’t end like this. He couldn’t abandon Bria, Bria, Bria; he mouthed her name and thought of her being ripped open by cybots. “NO!” The surge of adrenaline and energy from inside him was enough to repel his pressing unconsciousness. He rolled sideways, now free from the direct stream of the strange anti-energy. His head cleared quickly, and he made a dangerous leap over an oncoming blade to where Truth had fallen. He reclaimed it, and, in his hands, its brightness was blinding as he dodged his way toward this menacing third cybot.
The light-headedness didn’t leave, and he felt some vertigo but kept enough control over his movements to avoid letting the cybot retake perfect aim on his form. Leaping erratically from one wall to the next, he took a deranged evasive course toward it, conscious of the other two cybots attempts to slash him down. Truth positively begged to rip into their wires.
When he was close enough, he pounced down upon it, blade crashing into its head with terrible force. He tore it to pieces between blocks and dodges against the other two cybots. The damaged head rotated to aim with its large-blocky gun, and Evander was forced to leap awkwardly to the side, swinging Truth into the path of the oncoming shot. He’d seen the lifeblades catch pulsar beams before.
Useless. The spread of the growing rippling rings easily bypassed Truth’s thin edge and caught him hard in the chest. He shook violently, his muscles wanting to lapse and drop him to the ground; he struggled violently to hold his ground. He saw a smaller, thicker stream of the strange circular distortions fired toward him from a new angle. He dodged as best he could, but the ripples brushed his hand. A peculiar, overpowering numbness coursed through his limbs, and then the same feeling of his strength being ripped from him made him lose his balance. As if his motions slowed and the cybots movements increased, he stood precariously as if on a tightrope, half ready to collapse and half resisting.
Then, it was all over. His form curled backward, crumpling to the ground. His back crashed into the solid floor with force, and above him, he saw a blade skim the edge of his nose. He felt a sharp pain from the lightly torn flesh, and then the powerful darkness again overcame him.
“I love you,” Bria’s sweet, innocent voice repeated in his fading mind, while against it, the dark words of Travis could barely be heard.
“Give it up; why do you resist?”
No. He wasn’t going to die here.
He rolled to the side, forcing himself awake, and awkwardly struggled his way, blade against blade, back to his feet. The three cybots were quickly backing him up against the wall as he desperately dodged their deadly edges. And murky crimson droplets streamed down from his nose onto his lip and into his mouth. It tasted salty, but it kept him sharper; the real and tangible taste of his own blood helped him focus.
The third cybot re-aimed the large, awkward weapon, and Evander knew that he couldn’t endure it anymore if it fired again. So, with that thought, he leaped into the air, as high as he ever had, and at the peak, he bent down and tumbled, landing atop the third cybot. While the metal monsters spun back around to account for this sudden maneuver, he took the free moment to plunge Truth deeply into the core of the machine. It collapsed in an explosion of sparks, its long-square gun broke free and rolled to the side, the cylinder it had been attached to teetered, threatening to fall to the ground with it. A tiny explosion of smoke came up from its remains.
“I don’t believe it,” a horrified Travis said from a distance. Evander stumbled back, away from the sparking, broken cybot to where he could face the other two. Truth was still raging brilliantly in his hands.
“Believe it!” Evander gasped, choking on his own haggard breathing and smoke from the cybot.
Then, it happened.
Another explosion, but this one rocked the ground and was deafening, drowning the air in smoke. Then the air around Evander lit up to a tumult of strange colors that flashed chaotically around him for a split-second. He was swallowed in his own fatigue and held his footing just long enough to see the outpour stemming from the shattered pieces of what had been the third cybot’s gun. This experience drained every last drop of fight from his system, erasing every last burning memory of Bria, completely extinguishing his consciousness. He stumbled as consciousness waned, then he collapsed, choking hard on the strange anti-energy. He was a numbing body encompassed by a spinning world. As his body shut down, he remembered feeling some inward urge to stay awake and fight.


CHAPTER 18

Wiping the sweat away that had dripped into his eyes, Evander opened them, feeling very sore. His throbbing head and aching back were only parts of the mystery of why and how long he’d been sprawled on the hard floor in the corner of the room.
As he tried to sit up and shake off the stiffness, feeling a sharp pain in his nose subsiding as it healed from some laceration, the memories slowly returned. The strange energy, the cybots, the man called Travis laughing at him, his valiant but pitiful struggle; then, somehow, it had all ended, and he had lost. He looked himself over as if just to make sure he was intact, wondering why the other two cybots hadn’t shredded him to a thousand pieces. The image of Nero being ravaged by the merciless cybots came to his mind.
He pulled himself up to his shaky feet and wondered if this brightly lit room was part of some strange, accursed afterlife.
But no, he recognized the room after a few moments. Its design was no different than the single black stripe on the gray metal decor of the Blackmask Headquarters. So, he wasn’t out of the game yet, though he was alone, confined, and Truth was absent. At least he still had his limbs and his clothes. He tried uselessly to offset how bad things seemed.
His mind was still a mess, though it seemed his sight and senses were mostly clear. A nightmare of confusion, memories, rage, and pain swirled together in a synergism of wretchedness.
But against that black-and-red tapestry, he thought he could see other things—other lights. Inside him, like a sixth sense, he thought he could detect the presence of something unclear coming from all parts of the facility toward him. He felt strange new energy pour through his veins, healing him to a point, and foggiest of all, he thought he could see Bria. Of course, on second glance, where he thought she was, a wall existed. A very real, cold, immobile wall, but when he closed his eyes, he could see through all the ambient-static and knew she was ahead of him. She was lying on the floor, alone, perhaps dead.
And then the sight of cybots, countless cybots, coming toward him every way he turned. He opened his eyes, and all he saw was the empty room, but closing them again, he could see them, their nightmarish, fiendish shapes telling tales of death as they neared. But when he opened his eyes, it was just an empty, brightly lit room.
Although he felt sluggish, the world around him seeming slow, like a dream, he felt strong. Not powerful like Mazarin, not physically, merely a force of mind that gave him the sensation of power and wholeness.
Nothing was as it had seemed before; nothing made sense yet, but he indulged in the sensation that made him so confident and made everything seem so clear. Drawing on this new energy, this “receiving” he’d been granted, he molded his desire into the shape of Truth in his hand. As if commanded into existence, the air around him took form to his touch. Partially lit by some inner fire, it glowed, taking a tangible form. The bright swirling air had become the form of a hardened and translucent Truth in his hand. The sculpture he had melded in his mind was real, and to his astonishment, he could clutch it and swing it about as he wished.
He closed his eyes and saw the first cybots approaching the door, about to push it aside. Then, Evander leaped into the air, throwing himself forward with the speed he’d had before, perhaps faster than ever, the strange blade poised firmly ahead of him. He brought it crashing down on the first cybot to enter. It detonated on impact with the flaming, swirling sword; an explosion of shrapnel, napalm, and steel filled the air with a hail of hazards that respectfully avoided Evander. Even the bits destined to hit him seemed to change course unnaturally to fly off to the left or right of his body. He then turned to the second cybot. In no time, a single, well-aimed stroke left it charred and burned as if struck by a lightning bolt.
Nothing could stand against him. With both cybots collapsed, Evander closed his eyes and found Bria’s direction. Turning to it, he reopened his eyes and followed a course down the hallway to where he found the Fibersteel door. With little effort, he burned a hole in it large enough to pass through and entered.
But then, he felt the sword fading, Evander’s feeling of vitality along with it. His soul was separating from whatever stranger force it had tied itself to, and the sword vanished. Feeling weak, knowing all lights were fading, he took and sheathed the real Fibersteel Truth, which lay on the floor, then made his way toward the unconscious Bria.
His body began dictating his actions as his mind grew quiet. Somewhere in the distant blackness, he could feel the warm, pleasant weight of Bria’s precious figure in his arms. But to his consciousness, everything was black for a timeless eternity.

***

Red, Red, Blue, Travis quickly dashed for the terminal and activated it. For the first time in his existence, he was pleased by the presence of Alice’s face on his screen.
“This had better be important,” she said with a snarl. “You interrupted a wonderful night with Jimmy for your supposed critical message.”
Jimmy? Travis pitied whatever man could be coaxed into sharing himself with Alice. In fact, she was probably making it up. Still, no matter how shocking this revelation was, it paled in comparison to the urgent fear pressing on his mind.
“Alice, I sent you a battery of tapes and recordings from Blackmask Security Cameras. Did you watch them?” he said, making no effort to suppress his nervousness.
“No, why?” she said, suddenly interested.
“No reason,” Travis muttered. “Just watch the first couple of clips and get back to me right away.”
“Okay, tomorrow,” she said.
“NO!” Travis screamed, “NOW! And get back to me ASAP! I’ll be here waiting.” He clicked off the transmitter and dropped his head into his hands. They were both in way over their heads.
He spent the next ten minutes of what must have an eon wondering how he would present himself before the Lord Protector when the news had slipped from his iron-tight hands. The signal Red, Red, Green flashed in the lights above his computer. With a tap, he was met by Alice’s much less confident face.
“I don’t understand,” she said incredulously. “How could he have… how could it… is this your idea of a sick joke?”
“No, for the love of everything you hold dear, for once, take me seriously!” Travis said quickly. “I don’t know how he did this, but I know we’re going to have to take this to the Council, now, and we’ll both take serious flak unless we can figure out some way to explain it. These tapes don’t make our prototypes look good at all. In fact, these tapes make everything: Blackmask, NEGs, Cybots, and even ourselves—all of it, appear useless.”
“It’s like there’s no way to stop these animals. I’ve never heard of… and what was that fire he somehow made? Do you think they carry some kind of torches or…?” she said.
“No fire I know can burn a perfectly cut hole through a solid Fibersteel security door, and besides, I personally saw to it that the Hybrid was thoroughly searched when he was unconscious. These tapes were supposed to be the video of an unarmed Hybrid soldier being taken down by our effective cybots as he woke up, not of some unarmed haggard Hybrid using magic tricks to make us and our security measures look foolish!”
Alice said nothing verbally, but her head tilted downward.
“My sentiments exactly,” Travis said.

***

Evander woke up in his bed in his quarters as he was accustomed. Feeling groggy but somewhat refreshed, he yawned and stretched, wondering what he would do today.
Then he realized he didn’t even know what day today was. And even more odd was that he had no memory of the day before at all. Shaking himself awake, he stood up and dressed, wondering why he was wearing an old, sticky jumpsuit, thinking he must have been tired when he had last collapsed in bed. He half-hummed his way through the motions of early morning when his attention was caught by the sound of voices just outside. A choppy discussion of words between deep-rumbling voices was barely audible through his door. His interest piqued, he made his way to the door and pressed a curious ear against it. After all, why would anyone have a private discussion right outside his door?
Then, he felt it. The refreshment of a good night’s rest wore off, replaced again by skull-splitting fatigue that pulled him off the wall and landed him upon the floor in a heap. He lay in a half-awake daze, wondering what strange tiredness had seized him. Time slipped by like fine grains of sand through widespread fingers, but he didn’t care, just rolled over and buried his face in his pillow. From across the room, he watched the red digits flip on his timekeeper apathetically.
To make things worse, after a short while, his head felt worse pressure. Now, it was absolutely enormous as if being compressed into a tight little ball, and his ears began to ring annoyingly.
Then the world spun, twisting and turning, his muscles tightened then spasmed, he groped for something, anything to cling to, desperately trying to resist the feeling that he was dizzily falling back toward the ceiling.
The world darkened and lightened in sequence several times after that. And finally, he awoke again on the cot, no longer on the floor. Perhaps days, perhaps minutes had gone by; he couldn’t tell. But this time, the hung-over buzz of headache seemed more vivid and real than the others, and he knew he was awake legitimately this time.
After a failed moment of trying to relax, he attempted to rise from the cot only to find every muscle in his body screaming out in protest; even his chest seemed locked into place. He blinked and searched his body more thoroughly, finding a buckle and strap holding him to the bed and the nutrient line running from across the room to where it was plunged deep into his bicep. Slowly dripping the precious nutrients into his veins… how ridiculous, he laughed despite the physical agony. Didn’t they think he could feed himself?
He glanced around, trying to get his bearings more than anything else, and noticed Truth lying carelessly on the floor. Seeing it was like running into an old token, and instantly, a flood of memories came back to him. He’d been leading a raid, a dangerous one, and something had happened—something bad. He struggled to remember, worried how many people had died because of him, and the name Zina came to his mind. He remembered her. He remembered losing her. No, he remembered asking Mazarin about her, if he had lost her. No, that wasn’t right either. Why would he do that? Now, he felt very unnerved, the powerful feeling he was forgetting or had lost something, something critically important. He looked around his room, and everything seemed to be in place, but something tugged at him. Stretching his disgruntled body, he forced it to sluggishly follow the usual routine of changing his clothes, weakly, and then walked over to Truth, aiming to sheath it in its place at his side. As he touched it, its responsive glow triggered the rest of his memory.
He remembered Bria, and his heart rate picked up. He had sent Mazarin and the others away, recalled trying to burst in alone; the image of Travis and the cybots taunting him was still fresh in his mind. But what had happened during the battle was unclear. He couldn’t even remember if he’d ever reached Bria, less yet how he’d gotten back.
Like a bad vid, he let the memories play through his mind, all while wondering why he’d acted the way he had as if a stranger had worn his skin. Evander wondered if he had become a different person for a brief moment. The thought scared him. He’d read fiction of possessed people before; could such a ridiculous idea be real?
His thinking grew slower, foggier, and his focus slipped again, leaving the recent memories and fading into nothing. Without a sticking thought or care, he let it all fall far, far away, and he slept again.

***

Evander felt like a faint echo, a whisper awaking in a place he didn’t remember ever traveling. As if removed from his past life and dropped into an alternate reality, he traveled in place. As if he’d opened a book mid-story, he was met with a world that he did not recognize.
There, his mind shifted over blank thoughts while something deep inside him—or far away—he couldn’t quite tell, touched his mind, probing it with long misty fingers of intelligence.
Searching, it seemed, turning through his memories leaf by leaf until, at long last, a sense of relaxation overcame him. Satisfaction, content, solace, he sank back in his mind, careless and free.
And then contact. Someone else was there, with him. The intelligence sifting through his thoughts was another being, and Evander opened his mind, trying to discover who it was. A face, or the shape of one, seemed to appear, but it was hazy. As Evander focused his thoughts, trying to clarify it, it was gone.
He looked around, and a thick fog blocked his view in every direction. He moved forward, his eyes stressing for any hint or detail of anything but the gelatinous white clouds, and he saw a silhouette in the distance, the figure of a person.
Then the whiteness of the clouds changed into a shady, dark gray, and the man’s hooded face grew clearer as Evander came nearer.
He withdrew the hood, the shadows around his face vanished, silver eyes shot like pulsar blasts through their dark surroundings and made Evander’s prickly hairs stand on edge. Also stunning was the man’s angular jaw, leveled in riveted gray skin, but most astonishing of all was his lack of features. Mouthless, his chin came to a point, and no ears or hair could be seen. Two angular nostrils gave character to his nose, but most remarkable of all was the eyes’ radiant silver color and piercing depth. Despite all its strangeness, somehow, Evander felt himself going toward the stranger unaffected, automatically, despite his confusion.
And as he concentrated, he could distinguish a mountain range far from the Civilization the stranger had lived in. Out there, he accelerated past the red rock terrain of Wasteland, as if flying from above, and soared deep with sky-scraping height. Feeling weightless, as if he had lost all physical form, Evander watched thick trails through lush green mountains pass, rising higher for miles to the barren, cold, stony peaks, the craggiest and greatest of which held the same figure, the same body, that had greeted his mind with silvery eyes only moments before.
He looked full circle around him, as if following the unspoken command of the other entity, and Evander’s eyes were met with a beautiful display of thick greens, barren grays, and a place that had a runic and ancient presence. High above, black spires towered, piercing the cloudy sky at heights that disappeared.
Then Evander’s shapeless form, like a non-physical observer, followed the other being even higher up the paramount peak. There he saw an elegant archway, an entrance into a well-carved concourse through the stone and deep into the mountain’s inner heart; spiraling stone steps led the way through the black cavity. Evander followed the path. Always, as he descended deeper, light encircled him, unmasking the trail as he went.
It was all real, and although a buried part of him felt apart from the scene, he was convinced he was the observer following the deeply chasmed path.
The passageway opened into large caverns. They were decorated in an ancient manner, angular, veiled in runes and crystals, alien and unrecognizable in any way. The caverns held a flavor, a cryptic and perhaps forgotten culture. Green fires leaped about, fueled by nothing Evander could see. But despite their presence, the room felt cool and fresh.
Then time and place faded until Evander found himself face-to-face with a glass and crystal door that vanished aside as if beckoning him to enter. He did.
He was met by a huge, dome-like, oval room, whose architecture contrasted the rustic alien-type he had so far encountered. It was decorated and built in a smooth, round fashion, a blanket of what appeared to be thousands, perhaps even hundreds of thousands, of gems wrapped itself around the ceiling and walls. Each glimmered like a sparkler of fire that reminded him of the pearls deeply set in Truth’s hilt.
Evander could see several crouched figures across the hall, a dozen or so, more lightly built than any sort of people Evander had ever seen. Among them, he thought he recognized the figure who had been his guide. Evander approached them slowly, casually.
Each of the people turned to look his way as he neared them. Evander scanned the room, and their eyes, like blazing pools of gold or silver, locked with his and seemed to be scrutinizing him. Their collective presence made him feel insecure.
Then, he stood before them in the center of the room, and they spoke to him. Mouthlessly, soundlessly, no noise echoed throughout the room, but as clear as night from day, their words took form in Evander’s mind.
“You wonder who they are,” Evander’s own voice said inside his head, but it wasn’t Evander who was speaking. “They are we, and we are the living limbs of Daresia.”
Silence. Evander felt no urge to say anything but instead watched as two of the gray-skinned Daresians turned toward each other intently. No words were exchanged; none could have been. Without mouths, they made no sounds, but it seemed they conversed, nonetheless. At last, they turned back toward Evander, and again, his own voice echoed in his mind.
“You are not Daresian, but you are not without Daresian blood. You have a purpose to us, but it is one only you can share with us, for it is of your own accord that you have come here.”
Evander made no response.
“Is that not true?”
“It is true,” Evander heard himself say at last. The words rumbled throughout the room, and he knew he had spoken out loud. Then, without any reason for doing so, Evander drew Truth, its blade shimmered majestically against the alien lights, and he presented it to the Daresians.
Pure thoughts, pure ideas, unclouded by words, passed through his mind, and then the world turned black, fading into the dull, cloudy figure of a man.
Such was the nature of this strange place, it seemed, and Evander walked toward this new stranger like he had its predecessors.
“We are broken and divided, as are you; we seek fulfillment, as do you; twain we will find it, fulfill us both; we will assist each other, each to each. You must find us. It is the first step. Remember, the dusk of our races grows closer with each passing moon,” Evander heard inside his head while the creature kept powerful eye contact with him.
Evander fled, both awed and horrified. He had been aroused, something inside him, a vehement passion that was shaking him, pounding blood into his veins. The other being appeared in front of his eyes again.
“We have shown you the path, and you will find the way; we will not come to you again, we cannot, but you can come to us, you must come to us.” Inside his mind, Evander’s voice echoed and dissipated, but Evander said nothing.
And then the thick, misty world disappeared from under him. Evander reeled back, plunging face-up into an unseen abyss. He threw his hands toward the sky, hands that he did not have.


CHAPTER 19

In a start, he awoke. Bright lights blinded him, he squinted, trying to block them out. “Ahh, why is it so bright…” He squinted, opening his eyes wider only as they adjusted. 
White surroundings greeted him. He felt a wave of dizziness, then a pang of hunger. He decided he’d rested enough, although not sure what day or time it was, and he lurched from bed. As he moved for the door, he started to remember that he’d woken several times in this spot. Each time, he’d felt weak and collapsed back into sleep. This time, though, he managed to get to the door and open it. The instant he did, Mazarin greeted him and announced to everyone. “Hey everybody, the kid is up!” Mazarin said. 
Evander nodded groggily. He wanted to talk, wanted to ask a thousand questions, but he still felt exhausted and somewhat aloof from consciousness yet. “Meh,” was all he could utter, and Mazarin laughed.
“That means no more babysitting shifts for anyone!” Mazarin said with glee. He looked Evander up and down, “Are you all right?”
Evander nodded and leaned weakly against a wall. “Better and better all the time,” he mumbled.
“Happy to hear it,” Mazarin said, “but not so happy as someone else I know,” and a sly smile crossed his face. “Bria’s hardly let five minutes pass since you were dragged off to your room without demanding some sort of update on how you’re doing.”
So, she had made it out all right. Evander felt a bit perkier, like a tiny spark inside him had lit a fuse, but still nowhere near his usual energy. “Can I see her?” Evander said at last.
“I don’t know, can you?” Mazarin said stupidly.
“I hate it when people do that,” Evander said, a little more color and energy added by the ounce of frustration.
“All right, you may,” Mazarin said, pretending to have authority, “but only if you wobble your way gently around the corner and into the gym; that’s where she is.”
Evander nodded and, quite like Mazarin had instructed, though only by coincidence, he did wobble his way gently around the bend, leaning an arm against the wall as he went. “Atta boy, mate,” Mazarin said, following him as he went.
As Evander walked into the room, it seemed all heads turned toward him, but only one, standing in the center of the room, caught his eyes. It was the fair-set face, drowning in long brown hair, of Bria. She ran to him, throwing her arms around him and almost knocking him backward in the process. His own arms circled her, and he held her tenderly and best he could, off-balance until she pulled away, both getting their bearings. Bria took an embarrassed step back without noticing.
“It’s good to see you,” Bria said, “Are you all right?” She was sympathetic and sincere, and Evander felt a strange warmness weaken him even more. He was so surprised that he, simple, stupid Evander, could actually be the focus of such compassionate concern.
“I’m fine,” Evander said. He made a face and shrugged as if thinking something else was necessary but not knowing anything else to say. Bria laughed quietly; her eyes teased him even though she was trying to seem casual.
“It’s been a few days since you went under. I didn’t know what to think, I…” She took a step to the side and looked away. “I’ve never seen that happen to any of us before, ever.”
Evander had to collect his thoughts. There was no way that it had been days since the raid, but as he remembered all the times he slept and awoke, the strange dreams he had, he was lucky he hadn’t been out for a year. “Something more,” Bria said more quietly, “the Patriarch’s been worried. I’ve never seen him like this before for anyone; he was irate. He even yelled at Artemis for no reason. Everyone thinks he’s crazy, and Artemis… he’s…”
“Turning on the Patriarch?”
“No, he’s still loyal, but he blames it all on you.” Evander noticed her bite her lip, and it was apparent that she had been about to say more.
“Evander, you really had me frightened, but now that you’re awake,” she looked back into his eyes, “I’m not sure if I’m less afraid or more.”
Evander traced her cheek with the back of his fingers, gently, briefly. “If you’re worried about Artemis,” he said, trying to soothe her.
“Not just Artemis,” again she looked away, “you too.” The words sank in for several moments before she spoke again. “The night when it happened, you were not yourself. Something happened like I’ve never seen.” Evander saw her tremble slightly, and it hurt him. “Do you remember anything?”
Evander tried, but the memory had been hidden deep in his mind. What had he done that would make her so frightened? What could have possibly stood out so much that even he had blocked it? “No,” he said in a defeated whisper.
“When I came to my senses,” she said, “you were carrying me out of the Blackmask Complex. Your movements were quick and sure, but your eyes were glazed and unthinking. And when I spoke, you didn’t answer me.” She grabbed his face and challenged the depths of his memory with the closeness of her sparkling eyes. “You were like a zombie, a horrible, awful zombie; you must remember!”
Her words sent a wicked trickle down Evander’s spine, but still, he was forced to admit, “I’m sorry, Bria; I don’t remember a thing. But I would never…” His voice trailed off; he didn’t know what to say.
Then, Bria shook herself from her fears and gave him a friendly embrace, “I’m sorry, Evan,” she said, “I should be thanking you.” She rested her head on his shoulder, and Evander thought he felt it grow wet. But when she lifted her face, it was bright and full of laughter. “Clean yourself up,” she rubbed her warm fingers against the thick stubble on his chin, “and shave; you look so much better without being shaggy.” She laughed and took him in for a moment and then walked away.

***

Evander sat awake for the first real time in days as Bria told her story, every detail she remembered, about her getting captured—from the suspense of sneaking past a cybot to the attempt at unwiring it. Evander sat tensely, laughing in all the right places and letting his eyes grow wide as the tale thickened. He could tell that Bria enjoyed telling the story, and Evander liked hearing it. But in all its character, the most gripping part of the story was when Bria described being shot.
“It awoke, and before I could do anything, the gun turned to me, and a tiny bulb on top flashed. A wave of something seemed to bend the air, and then I was unconscious or something because I don’t remember anything else until I woke up,” Bria said. It all excited but unnerved Evander. He felt an intense relief that the cybots had somehow spared her, that she was sitting next to him now, warm and close, telling him the story of how she almost hadn’t been.
But letting his mind relax about her safety only made it skip to the next worst thing, what were those guns? They couldn’t be pulsars, or he and Bria would have felt excited and energetic, not tired. And maybe they would end up like Artemis. He shivered and hoped these anti-pulsars didn’t carry any of the same long-term effects. The idea of both he and Bria breaking down to some strange addiction made his stomach churn.
He tried to change the subject in his mind. Knowing that he and Bria were safe was enough, and he carefully avoided telling her any of the tingling memories that had been sliding back to him—like the way he had pulled a flaming Truth from the air and ripped apart a Fibersteel security door. No, giving Bria more questions to make her worry, questions he couldn’t answer, was not the right thing to do—not yet.
The thought occurred to him that the incident and the strange dream were somehow interrelated. He shuddered, and Bria looked up at him, feeling the tiny quiver as she leaned against him. “Just a chill,” Evander said quickly, dismissing it all.
Bria looked skeptical as she traced his face with her eyes, and a half frown pursed her elegant lips. “What are you thinking?” she said. “And don’t try to fib your way out. I can see the concern in your face.”
She was perceptive; it was true. But even though Evander believed he loved her more than anything or anyone and wanted to share everything with her, he knew he couldn’t explain anything. He knew he would only make her more worried, not less, so he chose to say nothing. Still, he was bothered, and he couldn’t ignore her either.
“I worry about many things,” Evander said lamely. He drifted off in thought, escape crossing his mind for the thousandth time. Subconsciously, he rose to his feet and realized that Bria had probably asked him a question that he hadn’t paid attention to. “Huh? What did you say?” he asked.
She looked at him as if he had purposely ignored her question. “Never mind, Evander.” She used his whole name with emphasis, “The Patriarch said he wanted to talk to you when you woke up, so…”
“But you were saying,” Evander said.
She shook her head and sighed. “You’d better go; I’ll talk to you later.” And she left.
Evander felt frustrated; he didn’t mean to be rude to Bria.
He called after her, “I’m sorry, Bria. I kinda lost track of what was going on for a minute.”
“Don’t worry about it, Evan,” she replied, “you’ve been through a lot.”
He wasn’t sure if she meant it genuinely or if she was mad.
He ran and caught up with her. “Bria,” he brushed her shoulder, and they both stopped. She faced him. “There was something else, wasn’t there?” He was intent and genuine, so she relaxed.
“Walk with me,” she said, as if uneasy about drawing attention. He walked at her side, and her hand found his. “When do we leave?” she whispered in his ear. Her hot breath tickled, but he liked it.
Evander was surprised, but he knew he shouldn’t have been. Still, despite everything, he wasn’t sure he could commit to leaving. It didn’t seem like it was a solution that could work. “Who says we’re leaving?” he asked.
“Why you did,” she whispered back, teasing him. “You said that you’d take me away from here.”
“What?” Evander said, honestly dazed, trying to piece her words together, trying to find coherence, but it was in vain. “I don’t remember saying that,” Evander said cautiously. They had stopped walking, and before he could say more, her finger was pressing his lips, silencing him. They stood together in the hall for a moment.
“What makes you so different, Evan?” Bria said at last. It was rhetorical, and with a final deep glance into his eyes, she left, and though Evander wasn’t quite sure what just happened, he realized he was now outside the Patriarch’s office.
And so, he tried to focus and snap out of whatever spell Bria had left him under. He pushed open the Patriarch’s door, now ready to get the meeting over with. It was apparent he hadn’t been expected.
“It will devastate them!” an excited voice said, one that Evander could not recognize. “You must see to it that every precaution is taken, every tunnel mapped and checked, every man you send isn’t afraid to do whatever it takes… and then I’ll give you the chemicals. The extra will, of course, be at your disposal, assuming the project is a success.”
“Yes, I know the bargain,” the Patriarch said.
Evander felt foolish and turned to leave the room, cursing that he hadn’t knocked. But despite his embarrassment, the stranger’s words had piqued his curiosity, and for a moment, he froze in place, wanting to hear more. But just then, the Patriarch motioned the man to silence.
“I see you’re awake from your slumber, Evander,” the Patriarch said, turning to face the door. “But it seems sleep isn’t any kind of effective cure for manners,” his tone was distasteful.
“I’m sorry,” Evander said, bowing his head, “It’ll never happen again, Father,” but as he said the title, it seemed to fit the man even less than it had before.
“No matter,” he said with a dismissive wave. “So, tell me, Evander, what went through your mind when you decided to enter Blackmask Headquarters alone?”
“I…” Evander said, not sure what to say, “I wasn’t thinking clearly.” The stranger laughed from his seat in the distant corner. “I’ll never make that mistake again,” Evander said, suddenly conscious of the stranger.
The Patriarch looked him over and mused, “Your worst mistake was sending Alpha Team back.”
Evander’s head shot up against his will, “What?” he said, disbelieving.
“You failed in retrieving that disc, so you failed me. If the team had gone in, you might have succeeded.”
“And someone might have died,” Evander said defiantly. It was impulsive and accidental, but it happened. The Patriarch’s eyes flared, but he let it pass.
“Idiot, Evander! The whole raid, everyone involved, messed up. I expect more from Alpha Team,” he paused, “I expect more from you.”
Evander looked away, not because the Patriarch’s words cut him deeply but because he was so taken aback by this more aggressive unsympathetic side of the Patriarch. Perhaps Mazarin had been right all along. “If I may, sir…” Evander said.
“No,” the Patriarch said quickly, “you may not.” The words were firm. Evander looked at him intensely, wondering what was going on in the man’s head. Was he breaking down? Evander looked closer and could see bags growing under the Patriarch’s reddened eyes. He looked sicker than Evander had ever seen him before; pale, yellowy skin, even his scraggly uncombed hair seemed to suggest poor health. “You’re my children; you will do what I say when I say it.”
Hearing this and looking into this man’s face made Evander want to run. He wanted to escape, wanted to let someone else deal with it all. He couldn’t take much more, and now it seemed his and Bria’s lives were at genuine risk. But even if he did stoop to his selfish inner craving to flee his responsibility, where would he go?
And then, he remembered his dream. The passageway far from Civilization, deep into the mountains; he remembered it clearly. He could go there, and there he could solve every riddle if it proved to be real. Still, he hesitated; he couldn’t throw himself at the idea yet. It was far-fetched or impractical at best, and the moment wasn’t that desperate yet. It didn’t feel right and probably never would.
After all, perhaps the Patriarch wasn’t as insane as Evander was making him out to be. But the conversation Evander had intruded on seemed a little off-base. There was the fact that the Patriarch didn’t seem to care that Bria had almost died. And then he was putting a disc ahead of all their lives. And who was the stranger that the Patriarch was bargaining with? Evander felt his stomach become a little more uneasy.
“When do you want Alpha Team ready for the next assignment?” Evander said, trying to gauge how much time he had to sort through all his thoughts.
The Patriarch frowned, thinking for a minute or two, “You have a couple of days to get everything back together, and then you’ll try again,” he said.
“A couple of days!” the man across the room snarled. “Send them out now, today; that disc might not be there in a couple of days, and we both know how important it is.”
“Ah, yes, Evander,” the Patriarch pointed to the stranger, “this is Stephan, an ally from the Republic of Free People.”
The man stood up and nodded; his countenance and dark demeanor made him look evil.
“Charmed,” Evander mumbled.
“And Stephan, this is Captain Evander, the man who will recover your disc in a couple of days.” The Patriarch gave an extra punch to his last few words, and Stephan was forced to swallow them.
“Very well,” Stephan said, nodding again to Evander.
Evander felt sick to his stomach. He didn’t want to throw himself, his friends, and worst of all, Bria, back into the pit that almost took their lives the last time. Still, he knew he could not stop the raid and knew it would be stupid to try. The thought of running grew even more appealing, despite its obvious difficulty.
“Is that all, sir?” Evander said, wanting to leave.
“No,” the Patriarch said, “I would be interested in how you escaped. Bria wouldn’t say more than, ‘Evander was not himself when I woke up in his arms. He was carrying me back through the vents, his eyes were focused, and he didn’t say much, but something about him was really different,’ any idea what she was talking about?”
He did have ideas, but none he could explain. Instead, Evander shook his head, feigning that he didn’t remember anything at all. “I’m not sure. It’s all a haze like my mind blanked the memory. I can’t remember a thing,” Evander said believably.
“Perhaps they let me go,” Evander said open-mindedly. The Patriarch looked at Evander intently, judging his every move, listening to each word so closely it was uncomfortable, and Evander shied away from his stare.
“Why would they do that?” The Patriarch’s back went rigid, and he almost seemed nervous. Evander heard him curse quietly. “And you say that Bria was with you when you ‘escaped’?”
“Yes,” Evander said.
“Evander, go get Cutter.”
“What?”
“ON YOUR FEET BOY, NOW!” the Patriarch said, shaking slightly. “They might have put a tracker on you or Bria to find our location. Evander, you’d better hope that isn’t the case!” he said wrathfully.
Evander bit the inside of his lip. Could he have turned their underground sanctuary into a deathtrap?

***

Evander had spent the last hour enduring a very uncomfortable physical search, which only proved that they either didn’t have the chance or the foresight to implant a tracker on his person. Now, he waited impatiently just a hallway away from where Cutter was searching Bria for implants and tags. He optioned between sitting idly, pacing about, and merely standing, tapping his fingers restlessly against his other hand. A while passed—maybe an hour. With each new minute, Evander was sure she would emerge at any moment. A slight uneasiness in his stomach felt common now. Despite that, he was going to talk to her about his concerns. His encounter in the Patriarch’s office was unsettling, a bad addition to an already cumulating urge to escape. Both Bria and Mazarin deserved to know the Patriarch wanted to send them all back to the slaughter, and then the three of them would have to decide.
He tried to avoid checking his newly replaced watch, but somehow, his eyes glued themselves to it every few seconds. Always, it seemed less time had passed than he expected. Finally, Evander decided to sit still, not look at the time, not think, not fidget, and just relax. Somehow, he accomplished this. He even felt a temptation to lean back against the wall and doze when suddenly a nearby door creaked open. He sprang from the bench, seeing Bria leaving Cutter’s office, and approached her from behind.
“So, what’s the verdict?” he called to her. She turned and smiled, realizing he was there.
“He’s pretty sure that I’m clean, but he kept my watch just in case there was something in it.”
“Ah,” Evander said, trying way too hard to sound subtle, then he whispered in her ear as they walked, “Um, about your suggestion,” he paused and looked over his shoulder nervously. “We’re going to meet Mazar a bit later to talk about leaving for good.”
She stopped walking and looked at him carefully, “Are you trying to make some kind of joke? Because it isn’t funny.”
“Not at all,” Evander said, still jittery.
She grabbed his hand, giving it an affectionate squeeze. She smiled a brief, pleasant smile, and she said, “Good, I’m glad to hear it. I get sicker of this place every minute, and Artemis. I can’t stand how Artemis hasn’t done something; I don’t feel safe walking the halls at night anymore. He’s waiting to act; I just know it!”
Evander squeezed her hand comfortingly in return as if to say, “I am here.”
“But one other thing,” Bria said, “Why Mazarin?”
Evander sighed, not sure how to continue, “Well, for starters, he’s a handy person to have around if we had to fight our way out or the Patriarch sent people chasing after us.”
Bria looked away. “After us?” she said. “You think they could find us?”
“Artemis could. I have no doubt,” Evander said. Bria looked suddenly sick or afraid, perhaps both. “But with Mazarin, that helps, plus he’s simply dying for a real chance to get away from the crazy old man. You remember how he almost fought the whole Order when the Patriarch caught him slipping out at night…”
Bria nodded.
“But the best reason is that, well, even though you don’t care for him, he’s still my friend and probably the first one I’ve ever really had,” Evander said. His words had the effect he had wanted them to, and Bria relented.
“All right,” she said, “for you.”
Evander found her hand with his, and the two began walking again, Evander leading this time. “And by ‘later,’ I meant like three minutes from now,” he said like it was a casual addition.
Bria laughed at him, affection and mockery both in her voice. They wandered to a small, mostly abandoned corner of the Complex, incidentally the same place where Evander had rescued Bria from Artemis’s attempted rape. When they arrived, Mazarin was already waiting for them.
“A bit slow, mate,” Mazarin said. “But I think I can understand,” he nudged Evander as he walked by, “I mean if you got ‘sidetracked’ or anything,” he suggestively teased. Evander dismissed it with a slight wave of his hand, but he couldn’t suppress a tiny blush.
“Anyway,” Evander said, trying to shift the conversation from Mazarin’s jest to where it needed to be, “The first thing is that the Patriarch wants to throw Alpha Team right back into the Blackmask Complex.”
“What?” Bria said.
“Look, Rookie, let me save us all a lot of time,” Mazarin interjected, “the fact is the old codger is fit for a straight-jacket. If we want to live, I say we high-tail it; there’s nothing in staying for any of us, so, any takers on Proposition Mazarin High-Tail It 2-0-3?”
And to Evander’s surprise, Bria actually laughed. It was the first time he’d ever seen Bria take one of Mazarin’s lame jokes in the humor he meant it. Then he saw her raise her hand, and Mazarin raise his.
“We already have a two-thirds majority vote, Rookie, so it doesn’t matter how you vote, but you may as well raise your hand to make it unanimous,” Mazarin said, prodding Evander’s arm with a finger.
Evander chuckled slightly and didn’t fight back as Bria raised his arm into the air for him. “It’s unanimous,” she said. They all dropped their hands, and Evander again tried to lead the conversation.
“All right, so there’s no use denying it now; we’re getting out of here. But that’s not easy. We need to work out where we’re going and what we need,” Evander said, “Oh, and when we’re going.”
“And how,” Mazarin added, his jaw set, “and we won’t need more than two days to gather everything.”
“Well, it seems like you have a few things worked out already,” Bria said.
“Yes,” Evander admitted, “we, well, we’ve talked about this before. Anyway, go ahead.”
Mazarin thought about it for a while before answering, “We’ll need to steal light travel bags, maybe a few weeks’ worth of rations—you know the nutrient blocks the abroad Guardians use, a few of the… what are they called? Those bottles that make water?”
“Hydrogen Hydroxide Compressors,” Evander said, thinking back, “At least I think so. I only remember they were called DHHCs? No. HHCs? What was it? Dihydrogen something? No.” He had used them a hundred times to parch his thirst on a long day lying under a Screamer.
“Well, that’s too long and bookish anyway. We’re calling them CWCs. So, we’ll need three of those and,” Mazarin said.
Bria interrupted, “CWCs?”
“Crappy Water Compressors,” Mazarin said quickly. “Ever try using one? We had to before I was here, that is; it tastes like trash.”
“Anyway,” Evander said, again rerouting the conversation, “Bags, blocks, CWCs, ourselves, maybe a few changes of clothes, our blades, Bria’s cloak, anything else?”
“Also, if we can get our hands on a couple of pulsars, just a pair of them with an extra set of batteries,” Mazarin said.
Bria laughed, “I have a pulsar, and the batteries are standard. They recharge on their own and can’t be removed—shows what you know.”
“Right, whatever,” Mazarin said.
“How many changes of clothes did you recommend?” Evander said, backtracking.
“Well, that depends on where we’re going,”
“Assume that we’re leaving Civilization,” Evander said.
“So, basically, assume the worst-case scenario?” Mazarin said. Evander shrugged. “Well,” Mazarin thought for a few moments, “as much as we can take, but the bags will only hold three without getting bulky, and with all the other stuff, probably only two.”
Evander nodded.
“But Evan,” Mazarin said, “the amount of clothes is a much simpler problem to deal with than how the crap we’re getting outside Civilization. You’ve heard stories of Wastelanders being maimed when trying to sneak in through the fans or being caught and killed at the Waygates.” Evander nodded. “And I’ve heard it’s even harder to get out than get in.”
“Right, well, you have any better ideas?” Evander said openly. No one said anything. “My best guess is that we can work our way through the vents until we reach the fans, and then we can just work parallel until we run into a Waygate.”
“Any hope the Maskies and Guardians won’t notice us walking past them, or better yet, open the door for us, give us a ship, and wave at us?” Mazarin said.
“More or less,” Evander said, admitting that he had no clear idea what to expect or how they were going to deal with it. Bria looked uneasy.
“Either way, Evander,” Mazarin said, “I’ve navigated those vents a little before you even joined the Order, and well, I don’t think anyone could do what you’re proposing. That territory is completely foreign; it would be a hopeless maze.”
“So…” Evander said, “What? You think we should just give up here?”
“No, no, I’m game to try. It’s too bad I’m not Artemis, though. He’s the only one I know who might manage it.”
Bria shuddered at the name, “Yeah, like we're going to take him along.”
“Pardon me, missy,” Mazarin said, “I’m just telling you what I know.”
“So, you’re suggesting we leave the vents and travel the regular way?” Evander asked.
“All I’m saying,” Mazarin replied, “is that we better have a plan before we even dream of leaving. I’ll start storing things that I think might be useful.”
Just then, Bria spoke up, “Evander, do you think we could take any of the others with us?”
Mazarin turned quickly. “What, more people? As if this weren’t risky enough.”
“Who did you have in mind?” Evander said.
“Well, I have a good friend. She is trustworthy and innocent, and I couldn’t leave her here.”
“Yes, yes, get on with it,” Mazarin said.
“Lavina,” Bria said.
“The healer?” Evander asked. He vaguely remembered a tall, somewhat awkward red-haired medic who had used some kind of coin to help transfuse energy between a healthy and a wounded person after a cybot had attacked the Gamma Team.
“Yes,” Bria said.
Evander thought about it for a few moments, “Yes, a healer could be useful, but every precaution must be taken.”
“Right, so we’re not ratted out,” Mazarin said, “But either way, I guess I can handle it.”
“Who else?” Evander said.
“Kedric… perhaps?”
“WHAT? No, we can’t take that creep. That guy's a freak!” Mazarin walked closer and looked irritated, “No freakin’ way, besides, he reeks, I think he craps his pants.”
But Bria gently took Evander’s hand and looked intently into his eyes, which won Evander’s attention. Very softly, she spoke, “Evan, I feel bad for him. He’s innocent, naive, helpless, has problems, and nobody really takes the time to be patient with him or try to understand him. I don’t think he should be left behind.”
Evander was moved. “Yes, he will be invited.”
“No, bad idea, none of us are even close to him. This is ridiculous!” Mazarin ranted.
Evander clasped him on the shoulder and looked him squarely in the eyes, “He’s coming with. He deserves a better life. If you cannot try to feel for him, then at least pity him enough to help him out of the walls; that’s all we’re asking.”
Mazarin muttered something quietly, “Fine, but I’ll be the one to talk to him, and if he turns tail, then he’ll have to answer to me.”
“Fair enough,” Evander said, wanting to keep their small group united on every decision. “And while we’re stripping Alpha Team from the Order, what about Mathias?”
“Not a good idea,” Bria said.
“For once, I agree with the woman,” Mazarin added. “The boy’s got nothing but Artemis in his ear; he’s like a horrible version of Nero. He hates you, Evander, and wants Artemis restored as captain.”
“Then he’ll get what he wants because I’m leaving. Very well then, we’ll be a group of five.”
Just then, a sound too quiet to be distinguishable echoed behind them. Everyone tensed and turned, Mazarin’s Fang already ripped from behind his back. They waited quietly for a few seconds, and Evander’s eyes caught sight of the edge of a shadow down the hall, a shadow that hadn’t been there before. Before Evander could speak, Mazarin had already started for the spy, carefully moving as Fang’s blue firelight shined, looking as if it was going to leap off the blade and burn people at any moment. Then, with a quick and powerful snatch, Mazarin grabbed something unseen and tossed the somewhat hunched figure of Cutter up the hall. He tumbled to the ground roughly and rolled toward the other two. Cutter stumbled to get up and find his balance, but when he did, he walked the rest of the way toward Evander.


CHAPTER 20

Cutter was nervous about the way Mazarin had handled him. The blade seemed to tickle the hairs on his neck from a distance. “I’ve heard everything you’ve said, but I can’t blame you,” Cutter said, running a hand over his bald head. He could tell that everyone wanted to relax, but the alibi wasn’t perfectly convincing.
“Evander, I swear to you, the Patriarch is out of control. He no longer trusts me or confides in me. All I know is that he’s planning something awful, and he’s keeping it from you and me. This place gets sicker every day. Yes, you must go. I’ve wanted that for a long time but never dared to say it. So, I’ll even help you; you can trust me,” Cutter said, thinking back to days many years ago when Archimedes the Patriarch had simply been Alexander. He had used Cutter and his ingenuity to erase himself and escape the prison called Civilization, only to create a second and worse netherworld. No, he would not stop Evander from leaving. In fact, he definitely felt better knowing they would.
But for a moment, he suddenly had a change of heart—a small attachment to these people that didn’t want them to go that easily. So, he adjusted his stance a little. “If I were you, I would think twice. Things will get calmer. The Patriarch will get over his little fit, and everything will go back to how it was,” Cutter said, barely able to believe his own words, the same words he had used to calm his own nerves for the past couple of years. He saw Evander’s eyes look kind of far away as if in thought. Mazarin’s jaw was locked, and he seemed suspicious.
“You give us away, I swear, I'll kill you,” Mazarin said.
It was clear; this one at least had reached his maximum toleration for the Order. Cutter turned his head to Bria, a sweet, simple girl who seemed to be considering his words. He was glad that at least she had listened, although a part of him wanted to shout at her not to. But even she turned away, and though he was not as outspoken as Mazarin, Evander seemed the least convinced of all that things would return to normal as Cutter suggested. Evander stood confident and ready. He seemed intent on being the one to lead them out. Cutter could see it in his very posture, and a tiny part of him wanted to go with them.
“If you have it in your minds to leave, then there is nothing I will do to stop you,” Cutter said. Then he added in a whisper, “I only wish I could come with you.”
Evander looked up sharply. “Yes, Cutter, come with us. You’re a good person, and you could help us. You know the tunnels, you have maps, and you could help us use computer access to get out of here. Come with us and be free,” Evander was saying in an excited voice. “I insist,” he said. He held out a hand as if wanting a shake to seal some sort of deal. Mazarin raised a skeptical eyebrow but held his tongue.
Cutter ignored this and looked at Evander. There was such candidness in his face. Evander should never have been forced into being a pawn in the Patriarch’s obsessive war. Cutter sighed, his guilty conscience weighing in, and he knew he’d feel best if he was the martyr who stayed behind, trying to exhaust his every resource to help the Patriarch do as little damage as possible. In short, he knew he couldn’t go.
“No,” Cutter said, rejecting the outstretched hand as politely as he could. “My place is here. My place is trying to keep the Patriarch from sending all of these,” he stretched out his hands as if indicating the dozens of unseen others, “to their premature deaths.”
Evander looked somewhat dejected but nodded silently, accepting this reason. Bria seemed to feel the same; only Mazarin still eyed him cautiously.
Then Evander changed the subject. “Cutter, what do you know of the stranger that’s been lurking around, who the Patriarch calls ‘an RFP ally’?”
Cutter sighed. “Truthfully, very little,” he paused, “I only know he’s not a diplomat; he’s a saboteur. And he isn’t from the RFP. He’s from a terrorist group inside the RFP. He wants to make a deal with the Order, probably to use you as manpower to perform some kind of vile… well, he’s up to no good. That’s all I know.”
Evander seemed to puzzle over this, his face wrinkling slightly as he rubbed his chin. “Could he be the Contact X I vaguely remember hearing about when I was up there?”
“I don’t know,” Cutter said, “but I don’t think so.”
“How did he find us?” Mazarin asked.
“That’s actually how I know the little I do know. The Patriarch took an interest in these suspicious little coded messages I’d wandered into. I thought they were just silly schoolchild drivel, but they eventually, after several months, helped us to establish contact with this man. He’d been living secretly inside the City for quite some time. Artemis brought him down here, and after that, my talents weren’t needed, so I was taken out of the loop,” Cutter said. “So, that’s all I know.”
“Do you know his target?” Evander asked, pressing for more.
“No, Evander, I have been truthful. There’s nothing more I know. I suspect he’s against one or all of the Honor Houses, probably the Protector’s House, but that’s just my own speculation,” Cutter said, and his mind drifted back into the past. “Archimedes has forgotten old friends, but he cannot forget old enemies, so now he just uses people to hit back at them, obsessing over old vendettas. He’s a mad man for revenge, making him dead inside.”
“Revenge for what?” Evander said with interest.
Cutter sighed, “It’s a really long story, but basically before Archimedes was down here, he lived up there. He was a scientist named Alexander. ENTITY killed everyone he knew, including his mentor, and tried to destroy his project.”
“What was his project?” Evander said, pushing against a gut-twisting warning inside, pleading not to know more. But curiosity always seems to triumph.
“I shouldn’t say,” Cutter mumbled.
“Do it!” Mazarin said, jumping in.
“His project was, well, you,” Cutter looked away. He couldn’t meet their gazes.
“What the bugger does that mean, you senile coot?” Mazarin said, looking skeptically from Cutter to Evander, seeking backup, but Evander was silent for some time.
Then finally, “When I invaded Blackmask Complex, I met a Talcomm officer. He told me… I thought he was mad, but no…” Evander stopped talking. “Well, it doesn’t matter. However we came to be, we’re here now, and we have to get out of here.”
“Yes, and I’ll help you however I can,” Cutter said. “I’ll print off maps of the tunnels, help you plot the safest and quickest course to the Waygates, and I’ll help you not blow your cover, but that’s all I can do,” he paused for a moment remembering Jazen. “Actually, Evander, this is something else I can do; I can give you the computer access you need, another capable hand who would be loyal, his name is Jazen. He’s been my pupil, and he could be very useful to you, and I can’t stand the torturing thought that someday he’s meant to replace me and bear my terrible burdens… have my same guilt…”
“All right,” Evander said before Mazarin could object.
“Why would you want that?” Mazarin asked. “Just in case you want to send a little spy with us or something?”
“No,” Cutter said, “Because you’re the last ship out of the harbor, and this boy deserves freedom as much as you do, and because you need his skills as much as they,” he pointed to Evander and Bria, “need your sword.”
“Well, if he’s the same Jazen I’m thinking of,” Mazarin said, “he’s not half the genius you are, Cutter,” Mazarin said, but before Cutter could accept the compliment, Mazarin added, “but he’s nine times the better fighter, no offense.”
Cutter wasn’t offended. In fact, he was pleased that Mazarin seemed to be accepting the idea. “None taken.”
“I think it’s a good idea,” Bria said, finally speaking her thoughts.
“So, when can I meet this Jazen?” Evander said.
“As soon as you’d like, maybe in a couple of hours. Meet me in my office in say… three; he will be there,” Cutter said.
Evander nodded.

***

Evander watched Bria go to talk with her friend Lavina about leaving. He knew it was dangerous, but he trusted Cutter as if he could see into his heart. At the risk of his life, he believed that Cutter was a sincere man of his word, so he put his mind to better use, thinking about how they would get through the Waygates.
If Cutter wanted to give them away, he probably already had, and not surprisingly, three hours later, it seemed like nothing was different. Evander was sure he was right and shrugged the suspicion aside, knowing that the die had already been cast and everything was being set into place. It was an all-or-nothing gamble. Either he could meet with Jazen to convince him to leave with them, or else Cutter had betrayed them. There was no middle ground.
Evan looked briefly at his watch, thinking to himself how long he had before he needed to be at Cutter’s office. He still had two minutes, so he walked slowly. He had the uncontrollable paranoia that someone was following him. His instinct was to run for it, it was all over, but he fought the impulse back, continuing to walk inconspicuously. It was best not to show any fear. He glanced over his shoulder casually and saw that it was Mazarin.
“Rookie, why are you doing this?” he said as quietly as he could, catching up to Evander. “Why are we gathering others? The more people who know, the more risk that we get blocked.”
Evander didn’t know the right response, and he couldn’t duck around Mazarin’s point. The truth was, the more suspicious man was correct. The risk was greater, and all they could do was wait to discover its results.
“Because, Mazar, they deserve the chance to escape as much as we do. We can’t give that chance to everyone, but we can give it to a few. Would you be the one to forget them in your own greed?”
“Yes, screw them; I want to get out alive with those I personally know I can trust,” Mazarin said, “But it’s too late now. I’ve already talked to the freak; he’s going with us, and he knows to be hush-hush about it, or I’ll kill him.”
Evander didn’t like the way Mazarin threw around the threat of death so casually. But he didn’t want to start an unneeded argument, so he let it pass. “I don’t think we’ve overstepped the bounds yet,” Evander said, “But I agree this will be all; no one else needs to know.” Evander wanted to free all of them, but he knew he couldn’t. Mazarin was right; they had to put the lid on where it was.
“I hope you're right, Rookie,” Mazarin said, and he turned and left. Evander continued down the hall until he arrived at the door which very plainly said, Cutter.
With a deep breath, he pushed it open and walked inside—no fighters, no resistance, just two men: Cutter, who sat at one end of the room, and another man, who was sitting at a computer desk. He casually looked over his shoulder as Evander entered. Evander recognized the dark brown hair and his face; he’d seen him before but didn’t know the man on a personal level.
He was lankier than most of them and had intelligent gray eyes.
“Hey, Evander,” the man said in greeting.
“So, you must be Jazen,” Evander said, closing the door behind him.
“Yes, yes, I am,” he said, “Welcome, Evander.”
“I’ll, uh, be back shortly,” Cutter said, excusing himself, and he walked briskly from the room and closed the door again behind him, leaving Evander with Jazen. Evander wondered if Cutter had even brought the subject of escape up with Jazen.
“So, Captain, is there something I can do for you in the meantime?” Jazen spun the chair around to face him.
“No, it’s all right. I’ve actually come to speak with you,” Evander said.
“With me?” Jazen said, his tone full of surprise.
“Er, yes,” Evander said, pausing to think. “Well, some of us are worried about what’s becoming of the Order and what has happened with the Patriarch.” Evander couldn’t get past how lame that had sounded.
“Tell me about it,” Jazen said, rolling his eyes, “I could go on for hours, but being that you’re a captain and all, I don’t think I will.” Jazen seemed to tighten his lips.
“Whatever you know or pretend to know is your business, but being where you are,” Evander motioned at the computers, “I imagine you see a lot more than most. You must have a good idea that the Order is declining. It would make things easier for both of us if you admit you at least see a difference in the Patriarch.”
“Why do you ask?” Jazen said cautiously. It seemed he was trying to avoid some sort of trap or pass some kind of strange test of loyalty. Evander wanted to shake him.
“Put your guards down, boy,” he said, sounding like Mazarin. He realized he’d have to be the one to take the risk first, or else the boy wouldn’t ever speak openly. Evander swallowed hard and continued, “We’re leaving. We’re running out on the Order, and I’m offering you the invitation to come with us.”
There, it was done. Everything was committed. “Cutter wanted you to go, wanted to see that you got free,” Evander said.
Jazen was taken off-guard. He looked startled and cautious, but after a few moments of scrutinizing Evander, he spoke, “This is treason, you know.”
“Yes, I know, Jazen, but to give you the slightest idea of how fast this ship is going down, even the captain is standing before you committing mutiny,” Evander said. “I’m giving you a chance; either take it or leave it. And hope that Mazarin doesn’t want to kill you because you know too much,” Evander added, hoping to convince him.
At last, Jazen succumbed and relaxed noticeably. “So, Captain, when are we leaving?”
Evander’s relief was ecstatic. “Soon, I’ll keep in touch,” he said calmly, “Bring what you think is necessary, but don’t overpack; remember, there is no constant energy source outside the building.”
“We’re going outside the building?”
“We’ll share a few more surprises with you when I meet you again. For now, just act normal, and I’ll talk to you again when things are better sorted,” Evander said.
They shook hands firmly, and Evander turned to leave just as Cutter returned. “I thought that these might help you,” Cutter said as he handed Evander a few photographs and printouts.
“What are they?” Evander said, unrolling it from its tie. Images, maps, blueprints, schematics, and a charted route to the nearest Waygate, everything he needed. It was all so neatly organized, almost suspiciously so, but it was their only chance, so Evander smiled and thanked him.
“It’s the least I could do. I had to piece several segments together to make it all make sense, so I hope that I’m correct on everything. I can’t promise that it’s one-hundred percent accurate, but it’s something to go with,” Cutter said.
“This is all for real,” Jazen said, seeming detached from reality. Evander knew it must seem very sudden and strange to him; it was to all of them in truth.
“You’ve helped us more than we could have hoped for,” Evander said.
“Just trying to make up for a mistake I once made,” Cutter said cryptically. Then added one final warning, “Evander, once you’re outside, head west toward Wasteland; they’re agrarian, and you can find food.”
“I know,” Evander said, re-rolling and binding the charts, “But thanks.”
He left, carefully carrying the maps with him to his room. He made a mental note to go over the charts with Mazarin later, to search for ambush points, but let all his other tension wash away. This was going to work.

***

Daniel Souder had laid low for a long time, living the past several weeks in Zina’s apartment, and keeping a respectful distance from her, especially at night. He never left the apartment and never ate off the nutrient tap. Instead, Gray would smuggle him blocks to eat, so it was all untraceable. He made no noise and only used the water facilities after Zina did. The cover was perfect. But from his view, he could only learn so much, and now he had exhausted as much time as he could, feeling safe in Civilization. Despite all the pretense and precautions, it wouldn’t be much longer before they found him. Part of him was surprised they hadn’t found him already.
Maybe he missed his wife and children, or perhaps his affection for Gray and Zina was wearing against his story. But whatever the reason, he knew that night cycle would be the last he could spend penned inside the iron walls of Civilization. He sent an ambiguous fax to his contact and decided he would check the final data that day.
He ate his breakfast block in the company of no one as he had grown accustomed, and when Zina left her apartment, she gave him a casual wave, let the computer scan her thumb so he could use it later, then she locked the door behind her. He watched her walk away, beautiful and naive, knowing that she thought he’d been researching details to prove his innocence each of the past several days, but the truth was, he was not. He hadn’t so much as logged in as Zina. He’d been preparing his list of what to access, and only recently did he feel ready. Time was against him, so he’d back-checked carefully to find the easiest ways of using the Network. Gray had been easy enough to manipulate into giving him some of the military information, or at least enough to know where to find all the rich details. Now, as he sat on Zina’s couch watching her imperially-slim figure disappear through the window, holding her access name and password on a card in his hand, he knew he had everything he needed.
Of course, it would be a long time before his data could bring about any real changes, but eventually, it would. And feeling the excitement of nervous energy, he made his way over to Zina’s computer and sat in her chair. He breathed deeply, looking it over. She had activated it and passed the thumb-print identification part; all that was left was for him to type in the twelve-digit code printed on the card. He pressed each key, taking meticulous care, and then he was logged into the Network. But being logged in as Zina meant he was free to roam the vast archives of unrestricted data.
Daniel gave himself seven minutes to find everything he needed, copy the information to the disc, and vanish from Zina’s home. So, he avoided the temptation to read into the civilians’ fabricated news or to inspect the most recent cinemas, or even bother with the tiny details of recent troop deployments. All that mattered was the chasm’s perimeter batteries and the weapons to the far north—the webs of guns that kept RFP Screamers far away, and, of course, the schematics to the most recent Screamer innovation, the Intrepid.
The resources were amazing. As his fingers flew over the keys, he decided the Network was quite possibly the most beautifully intricate thing he’d ever seen. He copied all pertinent files to the datagem, and when his time was expired, he unplugged it, kissing it for luck. With only a minute left of his time, he shut down the computer, grabbed his few necessities, taking special care to holster his muted concussion firearm, and left Zina’s apartment without a trace he’d ever been there.
As he invisibly moved through crowds of people, making his way via trolley toward where his contact would meet him, he only regretted what would become of Zina, the poor callow woman who had meant so much good. He pushed it from his mind. He’d done what he’d always done, slipped in, found what he needed, and all that remained was to slip out. There was nothing he could do for Zina. True, she had helped him, and he was grateful, but her decision was out of her own stupidity. That wasn’t his fault.
He had a Waygate to duck through and a ship to hop; he was too busy to focus on regrets. War was hell, after all.

***

“I’m very sorry I have to do this, Governess,” a voice said nearby; its deep grumble was volumes too high for Zina. She croaked, sounding more like a frog than she would like, and rolled sideways, tossing a sheet off her bed in the process.
“What?” she mumbled incoherently. Her semi-cracked eyes peeled back to reveal the foggy, indistinct figure of a man standing above her; then it sank in. She screamed and grabbed for the sheet to wrap around her. “HOW DARE YOU?” she said, more in rage than an actual question. She pulled the sheet snug against her most exposed parts that the night clothing didn’t cover.
“I’m really sorry, but something has happened, and I need you to get up and come with me, now,” the man said. He sounded like he was trying to be polite, but his tone was a bit too forceful for her liking.
“First, get out of my room!” Zina said. “I have a door; knock on it. Second of all, this is forced entry; thirdly, this is a violation of my privacy!” She sat up, shifting the blanket again. “Fourthly, my father will have your head for this!”
“Anything else?” the man said wearily.
“Fifthly, Gray will have your carcass.” She eyed the man angrily. His image had grown clearer; he was a large, surly man tightly fit into the common gray Guardian uniform.
“Duly noted,” he said. “Now, come with me.”
“If this is about Gray, it can wait,” she said, still wondering why a Guardian would be in her home, “so, please, step out, let me change, and then explain everything to me at my pace. And then I’ll decide if I’m coming with you.”
“It isn’t that simple,” the man said, his voice climbing a pitch.
“I’m not going with you until you leave me five minutes of peace so I can dress myself!”
“I’m afraid I must insist that you come now; time is of the essence,” the man said, and he drew a pulsar pistol from its holster and aimed it at her. “I’m terribly sorry.”
She froze rigidly. Was he serious, or was this all some kind of elaborate joke? Perhaps Gray had set his friend up to it, but then she remembered Daniel. The scapegoat, and how she hadn’t seen him the night before when she’d come home. She raised her arms and stood up, her face blanching as the blood left it.
“Lady Zina Sirveaux, as an administrator of the law, I hereby take you into custody. You are under arrest. You must be silent and comply with all my commands; do you understand? Please, either shake or nod,” the man said, rougher than he needed to. And then her heart sank; it was all over. She’d held an enemy of the Protector, she’d acted as his sanctuary, and now she was going to pay for it. She nodded that she understood and placed her arms against the wall as he instructed. She didn’t like the feel of his large warm hands rubbing against her sides, stomach, and thighs; they lingered too long and searched her more than was necessary. She wished so much that Gray would appear.
“All right,” the man said, “Move outside. I’ll follow you, but don’t try anything,” he said, trying to sound threatening. The idea of trying to escape had an appeal. There was just one man, and she was done for anyway—it was her best chance. But she got cold feet before she could think of an adequate plan, mostly because she didn’t want to allow the stranger to throw her over and climb on her to “restrain her” or any such other thing.
She left her bedroom to discover another four Guardians, all armed, waiting for her. She supposed she should be flattered that she was considered dangerous enough to require a complement of men to bring her into custody.
The main difference between the new men and the one who had awoken her was that they wielded the common taser-batons instead of Pulsar guns. Apparently, she wasn’t the only one to notice. “Simmons! What drugs are you on?” one of the Guardians said. He had a few notches and pips on his collar, probably a higher rank than the other grunts.
“I, uh, sorry, Sir.”
“That ain’t no dirtbag you’re handling!” the more decorated man said, “Put that thing away and give the lady some space!”
“Yes, Sir,” Simmons said from behind her. The group shifted to a circle around her, and rather awkwardly, they moved out her front door, heading east on Main Street Corridor. The lights were up, but very few people were about, so Zina imagined it was still very early. As she stepped along barefoot, the cold, rippled steel teased her tender skin. And to make things worse, she felt very embarrassed to be walking about in her skimpy nightgown in broad daylight, surrounded by a group of men. She was disgusted to catch Simmons eying her several times. Oh, Gray… Please, Gray… show up! But, of course, he didn’t. He was probably more carefully apprehended, and… she didn’t want to think about it.
Except for Simmons’ ever-gawking eyes, the Guardians didn’t treat her roughly; they gave her room to move freely and a few feet of space of her own. After they had walked and crisscrossed their way from street to street for some time, two things became clear. First, it seemed they were taking her to the Guardian Police Station; there could certainly be worse. And secondly, they seemed to be taking a circuitous and strange course, avoiding large open spaces, ignoring trolleys that may speed up the process, and the leader seemed too nervous and cautious. She struggled to keep up with their brisk pace while trying to put the pieces all together in her mind.
“Sir, I think we should hang a right and make down Second Main,” Simmons said behind her.
“No, no, I don’t think so,” the leader said. “They’ll definitely be on Second Main.”
Zina still heard those words repeating in her mind many streets after they had been spoken, wondering who “they” were and why they would even be involved. As it happened, she didn’t have to wait long.
Her entourage turned the corner and then froze. The barrel of a shiny black Pulsar found its way only inches from her face; its owner was a slim but hardened man. Black uniform and boots, silver insignia pinned to his chest, her heart sank—Blackmask. “All right, Scott, we’ll take the criminal from here,” he said, grabbing Zina by the shoulder to shove her from the Guardians.
“I don’t think so,” the Guardian leader said, swatting the Blackmask officer’s hand from Zina’s shoulder and stepping between them. “We are operating under the orders of Lieutenant Governor Francisco Sirveaux to detail and question this suspect. He raised his baton.
But the words didn’t so much as dazzle the Blackmask Officer in the slightest. He whispered a taunt that Zina couldn’t hear and then tapped his watch. As the line of five Guardians stood out protectively around her, Zina watched six newcomers, all in black, head toward them from their unseen hiding places. They wore round polished helmets, which were also black, and translucent LCD screens hung down over their right eyes. They each packed a pulsar rifle and a grenade belt among packs strapped to their backs and other equipment Zina could not recognize. And, had she not been put on the spot trying to make sense of what was happening to her, Zina would’ve burst out laughing at how ridiculous it was that they needed ten well-armed men to detain her.
“I release you from that responsibility,” the Blackmask officer said. “Orders from the Prefect himself, this is a case of National interest, and so does not fall under the immediate jurisdiction of Sirveaux law, even though the crime was committed in the Sirveaux District. You’re now dealing with an ENTITY case, so take a walk.”
There was a momentary stand-off; the Guardians with perfect discipline stood between her and the Blackmask officers. At any moment, Zina earnestly expected the two groups to begin unleashing their arms at each other. It was crystal clear the level of enmity between their organizations. Still, the Guardians frail batons paled in comparison to the officers' weapons, and after a few seconds of crude coaxing from the Blackmask commander, the Guardian leader stepped aside. Blackmask operatives took Zina roughly by the arms, pressed her against the wall with a slight crack from her nose, and her arms were cuffed behind her back. “Glad to finally meet you, X,” the Blackmask commander whispered into her ear.
She wanted to shout at him, at all of them, or at least ask what it all meant. What did he mean, “X?” But she had been aristocracy all her life, more than enough time to learn that saying anything only gave the soldiers the right to rough her up, hurt her, etc. So, she kept her lips pressed tight.
“I warn you,” the Guardian leader said, his troops at his side, “If anything happens to her…”
“If anything happens, what?” the Blackmask commander said easily, and then after a pause, “No answer? Exactly, there’s nothing you can do, and there’s nothing Sirveaux can do. Now, get out of here before we arrest you too!”
The five Guardians were indignant. They stared back into the eyes of the Blackmask officers, all eyes furious, then about-faced and left, trying to keep whatever dignity they still had. Zina admired them; even Simmons, who she did not like, handled himself like she would expect a man to.
Then she was almost knocked to the ground by a powerful shove, and she was prodded roughly by the nose of a rifle to move in the opposite direction. She understood what was happening, even though she couldn’t fathom why. She was being moved to the securest if not the filthiest holding cells in Civilization. And then she realized the Lord Protector was using his own personal brute squad to use her to discredit her father. She seethed but cooperated to all their demands as they marched. She kept her head down as much as she could, looking at her small, slightly bruised feet instead of the crowds of people who gathered to gawk at the spectacle. “That’s Governess Sirveaux!” people cried on every new street they turned to. And every time the officers heard them, they slowed down to draw attention to her.
Sometimes, they’d even say, “The dirty traitor has been apprehended!” to help circulate anti-Sirveaux rumors. They milked it for everything, and Zina was disgruntled at not being considered innocent before being convicted of any crime. She then knew what it must have been like for Daniel and hoped in her deepest core that, somehow, he’d escaped, and somehow, he’d present evidence to the Tribunal that would rightfully acquit them all.
Eventually, they arrived. She was screened and placed in an empty room; with a dirty, bearded man as her observer, she was forced to change into entirely fresh clothes, a bright-blue prison jumpsuit. Despite the atrociously demeaning experience that shook her modesty, she was glad to have full clothes on after all. Especially after she’d been scanned, printed, labeled, booked, and taken to her holding cell. It was a simple room with a bucket and nothing else unique: metal floors and sides, no windows, no bars, just a super-thick glass wall on the side closest to the hallway. As she walked toward it, cries, taunts and catcalls from attention-starved inmates gave her the creeps. She blocked them from her mind. Thinking, yes, the jumpsuit was a good thing.
The second and only other good thing proved to be that she was the lone occupant of her cell. At least she could relax in her confines, knowing the other inmates couldn’t touch her. Though watching them stand from across the hall, pressed against their own glass, their eyes glued to her every movement… staring… it was too much. She sat facing the metal wall, her back toward them, and hoped they’d somehow vanish if she pretended they weren’t there. But sitting down proved disgusting as she noticed the dirt and unrecognizable grime from the floor latch onto her clothes and spread. What putrid contamination.
She was a dignified lady, really, she was. But despite her best efforts and discipline that had carried her upright all this way, she began to cry. It was quiet and sweet; almost soundlessly, the tears pressed out of her eyes and into the palms of her small, reddened hands. She wanted Gray to come and get her out of this. Every minute, she waited for him to come. She wanted her father, Lord Sirveaux, to make everything right again. She wanted to wake up from the nightmarish reality, but everything remained stable and unchanging. She was in it for the long haul. Feeling betrayed, she cried and slept.
She awoke again, perhaps only minutes later, lying in a disgusting layer of whatever contaminated the floor. She was still there and still being gawked at, and yet, no one had come for her. She stood up, pressing her hands against the very solid glass wall; nothing could be changed. She rubbed her eyes, refusing to spill any more tears from the swollen depths, and waited.
There was no timekeeper, no indication, but she waited forever. Hours, days, she couldn’t tell. Perhaps even mere minutes, but in the depth of the Blackmask holding cell, all time must stop.
And then someone came. He wore the green collar of a worker. He wasn’t a soldier, though he still packed a canister of something that Zina knew could burn her eyes out. “Someone’s here to see you,” the man said. “Follow me.”
So, she hadn’t been forgotten after all! A hope pushed her heart into faster rhythms, and she followed the green-collared man down the hall to a series of smaller rooms. Behind her, she felt the butt of a gun and knew that a guard was watching her every move. He was probably watching more than he needed to. A chill coursed her spine, making her shake slightly. Then they were there. The man opened a thick rubbery cubicle and motioned for her to go inside, locking the door tightly behind her.
It was a tiny white room with a chair and a glass window; an old speaker and microphone sat on a counter that hung from the wall, and she understood the purpose of this. She took her seat and lifted the microphone anxiously, waiting to see her visitor’s face through the thick glass window, waiting to see Gray’s face.
She saw a khaki-collared man with tousled dark hair, a pointy nose, and a Talcomm insignia appear moments later. This wasn’t right. She didn’t even know this man!
“All right,” he said, “formalities aside, let’s get this over with.” He removed a notepad, scribbled a message, and then looked up at her. “We’ll take it from the top if you don’t mind,” he said. “So, what’s your name, then?”
“What is this about?” Zina said, confused.
“Just answer the questions; you don’t have the right to remain silent.”
The questions were very elementary, to begin with, but grew gradually more uncomfortable to address. Some were personal things she didn’t feel the stranger had a right to know. Others were too ambiguous to understand how to respond properly. Every time she said anything, the man jotted a note, no exceptions.
Then the man took a photograph. It was quick, too quick for her to expect it, or she would have shrunk away. Even though her image was destroyed, she didn’t want any pictures of her looking the way she must have. Her eyes were puffy from weeping, and her hair was frazzled and filthy from the cell’s floor, and she could feel soot on her hands and face. And then the man resumed asking questions, “Did you ever access restricted files on the Archives, especially files entitled Talcomm Military Records Section VII Redwing Engineering 3045732 Intrepid?” This was not something she could have expected, and for a moment, she didn’t respond. What was this about? Her being a spy? That didn’t make sense. They should be pressuring her about giving asylum to a wanted criminal or…
“Answer the question.”
“No,” she said, “I did not ever access those files!”
And then a thought struck her like a cargo of Fibersteel. Daniel must have used her access to view those files. Her heart sank; he hadn’t been trying to clear his name at all. He wouldn’t jump in to rescue her; he had used her, and now she was taking the heat for it. He was a spy. She instantly wondered how Gray knew him, wondered whether the two rats were in league and why she’d been so foolish to buy into the bogus story blindly. After all, had Vortin been disgraced as Daniel had fabricated, her father would have told her… curse Daniel… and curse Gray.
He withdrew something and held it up against the glass. She moved closer to read the tiny, printed font, and then her mouth hung agape.
“If you didn’t, then explain this,” he said. The paper he held was very simply a printout of access records. As clear as the ink it was printed on, the display showed exactly what time she had logged on and exactly what files she had accessed. Highlighted in yellow was the file the interrogator had mentioned moments before.
“You are either a spy or in league with one, Ms. Zina; that much is obvious,” the Talcomm officer said. He watched her closely, scrutinizing her every movement and reaction, and then wrote more notes.
“No, I never accessed those files,” she said again, slowly, thoughtfully, “But I know who did.”
The man snorted and flipped a page on his notebook.
“I do!” she said.
“That wasn’t one of the questions. Speak only when spoken to.”
“I didn’t do this!” she said desperately, sorrowfully.
“Very well, Zina; who did?”
She paused and bit her lip. Wondering how to begin her story, she couldn’t admit everything, or she’d still be in trouble. And how could she describe or explain Daniel without looking like a child carelessly trying to invent a fairy tale? “Someone else did,” she said at last, lamely.
“You know as well as I do that you’re the only one who could have entered your access code,” the man said, pronouncing every word with utter clarity. “It requires thumbprint identification combined with an extensive and long digit-and-character entry. Identity theft and abuse is NOT a problem we have on the Network… ever.”
“But,” she tried to protest.
“Do you deny logging in at the specified hour?”
It was a trap. Zina knew that if she lied and said she didn’t, it would be the easiest way for her to be convicted later by the Tribunal, and that would be the end. But, to tell the truth seemed just as bad. Still, it was her only shot. “No,” she said, admitting it reluctantly.
“So, you don’t deny you logged in, but you do deny you accessed those files, is that correct?”
She hesitated, trying not to get lost and ensnare herself any further. She wouldn’t let the man confuse her into contradicting statements. “Yes,” she said at last.
The man looked on the verge of laughter. She had reached her wits’ end; it was over. In desperation, she began talking about Daniel, pointing all the blame to him, but conveniently left Gray out of the story. She had no reason to defend him. He had probably been in on it, but despite her reasoning, she couldn’t abandon her heart’s earnest protest. She still loved him; he must have been fooled as she had been.
The man listened intently, writing notes and respectfully interrupting with questions. Perhaps thinking the story was too juicy to miss a detail on, she almost regretted telling him. But then again, it was the truth, wasn’t it? His face was an indiscernible mask, and she couldn’t tell if recounting the story had impacted her position for the worse or the better.
When she finished, they were both silent for some time. He sat thinking, not wanting to interrupt anything else she might have to add, but Zina had nothing else to say. And then she thought she saw a look of pity in the man’s eye. Perhaps it was her imagination or the refraction through the glass, but thinking she saw it was enough to give her another small ounce of hope. Maybe her story, which was the truth, would hold firm in the Tribunal. And then she felt excited.
If she could hold her own, then it would make the Lord Protector look bad instead of her House, showing harassment and brutality of innocents, slander, and various other things. And then she thought, just maybe, there would be a transfer of power, and her father, being the obvious contender, would take the seat. And he would clean things up at long last. She knew it was too much to hope for, but the daydream burned healthily inside her just the same. It was the only pleasant thought she had.
Then she was excused and escorted back to her cell for the night. There she slept unpleasantly on the hard mucky ground while the adjacent inmates entertained themselves, their eyes growing wide as they traced her physique. Have they never seen a woman before?
After several attempts at sleep, she was forced to resign and lay awake, and in her cell, she tossed and turned in a nervous fury, boiling over all the events of the day and anticipating the next.


CHAPTER 21

Light-Cycle. The prison lights never shut off, but the noise returned. Zina pulled herself off the floor, aching with soreness in her back and neck, and knew the night-cycle had ended. The inmates were screeching and yelling, taunting passing guards, and some were smacking their faces against the glass. She didn’t understand why. Instead, she just assumed it was because they had gone insane. Who knows how long they had been kept in the horrid confines, forgotten, for whatever purpose? They were insane, and now they were cracking their teeth against the glass. Even through her thick transparent barrier combined with theirs, she could hear them, and it was painful.
She plugged her ears and waited for the guard. One of them would come to feed them, or come to quiet the inmates, or come to… something. And she was right. Before long, a guard came to her cell and opened it. She was rebound to her cuffs, and a complement of soldiers escorted her topside.
“So, I take it we’re not going to the mess room?” she mumbled quietly enough not to be heard.
They checked her out of prison and marched her toward the Tribunal Chambers. The process involved a long line of street gazers, several trolley rides, and a lot of walking on painful feet. All the way, she was paraded for everyone to see—just like before; it was the most miserable travel she’d ever done.
And then the gaping Fibersteel gates of the Tribunal Chambers—the unnecessarily solid gates slid slowly aside to allow them admittance, and they shook horror inside her at the same time. So cold, uncaring, and resolute, they were bad omens for what the trial experience could be. The guards escorted her to her seat and checked their weapons into the bailiff. They were permitted prods to keep her orderly, and the bailiff was, of course, armed. She discovered it was a private hearing, so they were at no risk of outside interference. She sat against the padded wooden bench, waiting for everyone to arrive and be seated, working her story out again through her head, and waiting for her counsel or family to come. But they didn’t.
“I think we are ready to begin,” the Central Arbitrator announced. He wore the traditional black and silver garb, a formal gown, and in his hand, he held the silver box with the silver button. On his left and right flanks sat other jurors, dressed identically, but they lacked the silver box. Instead, they had silver-colored mallets and pads, which Zina thought probably sufficed just fine.
“One moment, sir,” a well-dressed, slick-haired man about Zina’s age said as he shuffled through some files. He hopped about, organizing people and talking in whispers from person to person on the opposite side of the room—almost suspiciously.
“What seems to be the delay?” the Arbitrator said.
“The prosecution needs two more minutes to organize a few pieces of evidence,” the slick-haired man said, “greatest apologies, sir.”
“Very well,” the Arbitrator said indifferently.
Everyone waited until the prosecution had finished organizing itself, a task Zina thought they really should have done earlier, and then the judge pressed the silver button.
A loud ambient noise could be heard around the room, and then it stopped. Since it was proportional to the noise inside the courtroom, it wasn’t loud enough to do more than draw attention, so it didn’t hurt.
“Let the record show that on this day, the hearing for Zina Unnamed began,” the Arbitrator said.
“What?” Zina blurted, sounding louder than she had meant. “Zina Unnamed?”
“Don’t interrupt me, child!” the Arbitrator said.
One of the jurors tapped his pad with the mallet. “With all due respect, sir, I believe this court must inform Zina Unnamed of recent proceedings before it can begin.”
What was he talking about?
“Duly noted,” the Arbitrator said. “We’re off the record then for a few moments. Very well, let’s be quick about this. After you were taken into custody and charges were announced by the prosecuting party…”
“And the prosecuting party would be?” Zina interrupted.
“Blackmask and Talcomm respectively, after they announced charges, the Sirveaux House met in council and officially disowned any and all association with you. Being of Honor birth but without a House, you are hereby legally represented as Zina Unnamed.” The Arbitrator paused, then turned his head toward the juror at his left flank, “Is that adequate?”
The other stony-faced official nodded.
So, she had been disowned. It was unbelievable. She had always been her father’s favorite, and she had never done anything wrong or illegal until now, and quite by accident. She understood her father; she knew he was acting to protect the Sirveaux name and the Sirveaux House. He knew the Lord Protector wouldn’t stop with just destroying her, but it still hurt to know her own father had abandoned her without even hearing her pronounced guilty. She wondered what it would mean if she were pronounced innocent. Would she still be Unnamed? And then a worse thought struck her. Was it possible that she could in no reality be pronounced not guilty, even though she wasn’t guilty?
“Let the Record now so indicate that the hearing for Zina Unnamed began today. With the prosecuting parties represented by Albert Vortin, the allegations and charges are as follows: Espionage, Treason, any and all legal barriers breached while in the service to a hostile foreign government while illegally operating the Network and other ENTITY resources under the alias Contact X. Let the record also show that the defense is represented solely by Zina Unnamed.”
And from there, the trial dropped like a stone. The jurors seemed to cater to the prosecution, allowing any and all pieces of evidence, even the remote and distant arguable bits, to be presented without a single overturning. Of course, the Access Records were the most damaging of everything. It was indisputable, and when she finally got the chance to defend herself, her mind went blank. She had been appointed no counsel, so she was forced to represent herself. The methods and proceedings were unclear, and so she fumbled, trying to follow the formalities she’d seen the others use, and attempted to give her honest story as best she could.
“I met a guy at the Cookery. His name was Daniel Souder; we ate, and he told me how the law wanted him for a crime he didn’t commit. I believed him. He was clever and had answers for all of my questions.”
“Which were?” the prosecutor interjected.
The mallets began stamping, “Don’t interrupt or harass the witness,” jurors said.
So, she was a witness now.
She continued, “He had me fooled. He said he needed to hide somewhere. I let him move in with me. He said he needed my access to find the information to prove his innocence. I said all right and, well, now I’m here,” she fumbled at her ending. And with her pause, that opened her up to cross-examination.
“You say you met him where?”
“The Cookery,” she said confidently.
“Is it or is it not a fact that you have never before this time ever been to the Cookery and have frequently told people how distasteful it was and how you’d never go there?”
She hesitated. Where did they get this information? Had they seized and questioned her siblings or parents? “Sir,” she said, turning to the Arbitrator, “This is hardly relevant.”
“Overruled, now answer the question with a yes or no statement,” the Arbitrator said, clenching his iron jaw.
“Yes, it is true,” Zina was forced to admit.
“So why don’t you tell us how you met Daniel by coincidence, was it? And what you were doing at a place you describe as somewhere you’d never go in your right mind?”
“Those weren’t my exact words…” Zina said.
“Answer the question!” the Arbitrator demanded.
She was caught. She could either invent another lie and hope for the best or bring Gray into the picture. She waited, biting her lip nervously, knowing full well that either choice could have detrimental and immediate effects.
“Well?” an impatient pseudo-polite prosecutor said.
She couldn’t think on the spot. “I was there to meet a date, a man I love very much; we’re betrothed, in fact, and he wanted me to meet him there.”
“Could this man have been this alleged Daniel?”
“No,” she said quickly, defensively. “This man is Gray Ervoni.” She heard ambient grumbling when she mentioned his surname. Clearly, the courthouse congregation wasn’t friendly to Sirveaux or Ervoni alike. “We were to meet and enjoy dinner. He was going to teach me how to eat food, and when I arrived, he introduced me to his friend, who was Daniel Souder.”
“And why, exactly, did you fail to mention Gray before, protecting him perhaps? If not him, then what?” the prosecutor said.
“Bailiff, dispatch a force to seize Gray Ervoni for questioning. Bring him in on the double,” the Arbitrator said. Zina felt awful, and yet, hadn’t he been the one to abandon her? “Now, Zina, answer the question.”
“I,” she paused, “I neglected to mention it because… I forgot.”
Crash and burn.
“You forgot?” the prosecutor repeated with relish. “Minor detail, flaked your mind, something like that?”
“It’s just that it’s hardly relevant. I didn’t think…”
“The fact that Gray has more background on this alleged Daniel Souder is somehow irrelevant…”
Zina had no response, so she said nothing.
“Let’s set that aside and give you the benefit of the doubt,” the prosecutor said, and Zina felt queasy. “Suppose you met there legitimately and innocently and suppose he did give you his story. Didn’t his name strike you as odd right away?”
“Daniel isn’t that uncommon,” Zina said.
“There is no Souder House… didn’t that occur to you?”
“Yes,” she said, remembering, “actually, it did.”
“But you dismissed it?”
“Well,” she said, “He said that he was using the name to avoid detection. He said his real name was being watched out for, so he needed a good alias.”
“And he just happened to pick a name that doesn’t exist for his alias so that he could avoid suspicion? Wouldn’t you expect a name that doesn’t exist to draw MORE suspicion in actuality?”
“Well, er, actually, yes,” Zina said.
The prosecutor smiled. “But if we set even that aside, there is still the issue of giving sanctuary to a wanted criminal. Did you know he was a criminal?”
Zina felt trapped, “Yes,” she was forced to admit.
“But you harbored him in your home and gave him access to your resources nonetheless?”
“Yes,” she said quietly.
“What exactly did he want from you?”
Zina felt herself starting to cry, but she fought it back, kept it all in. “He wanted to use my Network access because his own was being watched.”
“His own?” the prosecutor said with apparent interest. “His own network identity, Daniel Souder… Indeed?”
“Actually,” Zina said, remembering back, “he said his name was Francis Ervoni…”
“And, let me guess, you just happened to remember that right now?”
“Yes,” she said weakly.
“Did he ever say what, exactly, he needed to find on the Network? What kinds of data he was researching?”
“Well,” Zina said, and she paused. She knew the answer but drew it out, all the same, to make it seem like she was trying to unbury old forgotten memories and sift through the mental mayhem, but eventually, she had to answer the question, “No, er, actually, he didn’t.”
“Sirs,” the prosecutor said, turning to the jurors, “the prosecution rests. Even if the lady’s pathetically-concocted alibi proves true, there’s still the issue of harboring wanted criminals. The only difference is the sentence is injection instead of direct incineration; either way, the offense is still capital.”
“It is our job to pronounce sentence,” the Arbitrator said, “But let the record show that the prosecution rested.”
Zina was allowed a final statement. She sputtered her best, her words interrupting each other with stutters and shakiness, and then the judicial body vacated the room to the private chamber. Patiently, she waited; everyone waited. She was nervous about the outcome, even though she knew she had blown it. Her only reprieve was when someone had brought in evidence that an unregistered citizen’s DNA was found in her house. Unfortunately, that introduced a new suspicion that she was somehow in league with some underground insurgency called the “Hybrids,” so the Arbitrator dismissed the evidence as non-conclusive.
So, as she sat alone on her own side of the room, the bailiff watched her intently. She focused her mind away from her cold surroundings. She thought back to her time with Gray, how close they’d been… how close she thought they’d been—all the time, all the late-night conversations, the laughter, the gifts, the teasing, and the kissing. The emptiness of her life, illustrated by the room, forced her to realize that even after all of that, it had meant nothing. Gray wasn’t there. Gray didn’t come or show the slightest interest. He had either set her up or abandoned her when her family had. He was a coward, after all. She was all alone.
And then she remembered another. A foolish but passionate man, strange and exciting, Mazarin wasn’t elegant, but he had loved her. And for the first time in weeks, her mind sifted through their old memories together. Late nights of talking and togetherness, but that had all ended. She still remembered how coldly she had to treat him to make him go away, the only way she could truly set him free. And freely he had left, never to come back. Was she sitting here alone because of that? No, that was something she refused to believe. Despite all of this, despite being wrong about Daniel, despite being wrong about Gray, she knew she had done the right thing with Mazarin by letting him go. At least once, she’d done right.
The silent minutes slipped by, and she pushed all memories of her former lovers out of her head. Mazarin was a child’s dream, and Gray… Gray had been everything. She had given her all to him, sincerely, and by running away, he had taken all her spirit and stolen her very soul. Now, she felt cold and empty. But cold and empty, she was prepared to end the horrible dream.
The door slid open, and the Arbitrator, followed by his fellows, stepped back into the room. Like a death march, they walked, slowly, formally, rigidly, until they had each taken their respective seats. Then the Arbitrator stood.
“Let the record so indicate that deliberation concluded, and the verdict was announced. Lady Zina Unnamed is found guilty of all charges and is hereby convicted under the law. The penance is termination. The method will be direct incineration. You will have three final days of life, and then you will be taken to the incinerators, stripped of all clothes and possessions, and there you will—”

***

The judge was pronouncing the sentence. Gray listened patiently, waiting to hear the verdict. The guilty set it all in stone. He dropped to a lower part of the catwalk and then let loose the first canister. The tiny metal container floated to the ground and bounced with a clank—then, nothing.
And then a blinding flash and deafening roar. Then the second one popped. A torrent of smoke swallowed the room in an instant. Gray pulled the goggles over his eyes and dropped to the ground, rifle in hand. He moved through the thick chaos, following the steps perfectly, walking the path he’d predetermined. He couldn’t see her, but he knew she was there. He reached out and snatched her wrist, perfect planning.
The bailiff and new Blackmask arrivals were shouting, trying to clear the room and block the exits. They were good, but he was better. He pulled Zina’s slender form close to him and whispered, “It’s Gray. I’m getting you out of here.” Then he reset the rifle with a switch. The barrels changed position, and he squeezed the trigger.
There was an inaudible whir, and then he felt the harpoon latch securely to the ceiling. He held Zina close with one arm, her legs straddling him for security as they lifted. Her warmness so close to him was pleasantness that tickled a desire.
When they stopped, they were high above the smoke, and everything was clear. Gray tossed the goggles aside and gently swung them both to the landing. Zina climbed off him, and he detached the rifle by ejecting the harpoon barrel to save time. In the clearness, he saw Zina, quivering and disheveled. Who knew what had happened to her? He wanted to hold her again. Something was missing when she had let go; he wanted to kiss her and never let her go.
But he didn’t do any of those things. Instead, he took her by the hand and ran for the grating. She kept up without muttering a question. They tunneled through some tight-fitting dark vents until they plopped to the ground near the Tribunal door. It was as far as Gray knew how to go without getting lost in the fans. They had to escape on foot from there.
They sprinted through the hallway. The chaos of the courtroom was clearing up behind them, and doors in the distance started opening. Gray knew he had even less time than he’d figured. Already, his hand curled around the pulsar grenade at his side.
And then the hall joined the mezzanine. Three guards and a Fibersteel door blocked their path. But after that, there were crowded street corridors to dodge through and then freedom. “Out of the way!” Gray shouted to the guards who blocked their path. He pushed Zina against a wall, stood in front of her, and they both watched the grenade roll toward the door. The guards eyed it stupidly, and then they heard the loudest explosion of the day. Instinctively, he covered Zina’s ears, but despite the protection, he felt her cringe. Gray blocked Zina from the blast with his body, and a piece of Fibersteel shrapnel ripped into his lower arm. He grunted, pulling it out with his hand, and tossed it aside. Zina looked like she was going to vomit.
And then they ran again.
“Try not to look,” he said to Zina as they passed the mangled remains. They slipped through the gaping, jagged hole in the security door and made for the nearest intersecting street like lightning.
Already, he tugged another flash grenade from his belt, pausing to help Zina from stumbling as they went.
A few more streets and they’d have help.


CHAPTER 22

Zina couldn’t identify the feeling that had swollen her throat when it sank in that Gray had rescued her. Pulled from the smoke-filled chaos, he had powerfully led her out of the Tribunal, skipping from street to street, always ducking to avoid patrolmen, and always changing course to keep the pursuers far behind them. Zina couldn’t understand where Gray was trying to get to exactly and only hoped that he’d worked out all of those details. But in truth, as far as she knew, Gray had only planned to spring her. What happened afterward would be unpredictable.
She tightened her grip on Gray’s firm hand, and he pulled her into another alleyway. She made herself as limp and manageable as she could, trusting Gray’s every instinct.
In an attractive new light, she watched Gray grow tense and rigid. He pressed his ear against the metal wall, listening, looking very much like a cat—coiled and intent. He was passionate, strong, and most importantly, he had put everything aside to help her—thrown away his life, career, and everything because he loved her. And so, as they careened dangerously from street to corridor on foot, Zina was in too much of a romantic stupor to really feel the full weight of the exigency.
Twice, she saw Gray aim his pulsar rifle, ready to fire, and twice, the guard passed by unseeing. She relaxed when the danger seemed to decrease, but Gray remained resolutely solid and alert. Zina wondered if their flight from the Tribunal reminded him of his training or his tour of duty at the distant mines a few years before. It was evident by the way he was able to act and react so quickly how confident he was, how well calculated everything seemed to be—that this sort of thing wasn’t new. Zina simply felt glad that he was on her side.
They crossed back onto Main Street Corridor. It was the same bustling civilian center that it had always been. A couple of trolleys made their way as swarms of civilians walked in fragmented clusters. Gray led her through clumps of people; invisibly, they slipped around men and women they would never see again until the corridor intersected Seventeenth and Main. They made a sharp right then a left into Penal Transport Main. Zina recognized the place faintly; her father had taken her there once before as a small child. Then, they had come to watch the thief who had stolen Zina’s family locket from around her throat one night be shipped away to Wasteland so that her reoccurring nightmares would end. Now, she wasn’t sure why they were there—probably because it was an unpredictable place to be. Gray pulled her into an alleyway, and then her heart sank.
“Hands up,” a gruff male voice said. Gray dropped the rifle, and Zina turned to see a pulsar pressed into his back. She traced the gray-sleeved arm back to its Guardian uniform and saw a face she thought she recognized but couldn’t assign a name. “You’re under arrest, you know,” the voice said louder than necessary.
Gray looked from side to side, maybe for an escape. Zina simply stayed frozen, expecting Gray to pull a trick from his sleeve, expecting Gray to barrel the man over and lead her to safety, but as she watched, she realized how much broader and stronger the stranger was than Gray.
But just as quickly, the stranger lowered his pistol. “You don’t have much time, but the switch is made. Gregory XXXI and Brittany XXVII have been taken off the transport and led back to Ervoni District. When they get there, your cover will be blown.”
Gray nodded as if he understood the stranger. “Good work, Torm,” he said. “How much time do you give us?”
“Enough to get clear of this rock if you go now,” Torm said with an urging gesture.
“And the supplies are packed?” Gray said. “Exactly like I…”
“Exactly like you wanted. They’re in the cargo compartment in a crate labeled ‘wrenches.’ It has a red mark on the bottom, and everything’s ready. So, if you’ll turn over your firearms, I’ll clamp you in these.” Torm held out a pair of Fibersteel irons. “And you know how to deal with them.”
Gray removed his grenades and handed them carefully over to Torm. Then Zina felt his arms come around her and his lips push against hers in a pleasant and comforting kiss. “Everything’s going to be fine,” and Zina felt calm, believing him.
“All right, Torm, I mean, you dirtbag officer,” Gray said, beginning to roleplay, “take us away!” A kind of eagerness pierced his usual solemnity.
“Oh, and one more thing,” Torm shuffled the grenades into a bag and pulled something small and sparkling from a pouch at his side. “Rachel and I wanted you to take this. We don’t know what it means, but we can’t risk being caught with it; that’s all we know.” He pressed it into Gray’s palm. “Maybe you’ll be able to make sense of it out there, probably not, but maybe.”
“What is it?” Gray said, and he held it up to his eye. “It looks like a disc.”
“It is some kind of disc. I pulled it off of the Hybrid’s body the night I found the one, you remember?”
Then Zina felt something cold clamp onto her hands, forcing them both together behind her back.
“Very sorry I have to do this to you,” Torm said. Then Torm moved over to Gray, who quickly put the disc-like trinket into one of his cargo pockets and pressed the clamps around his wrists, locking them. “All right, from now on, you’re Greg XXXI and Brittany XXVII. You’re both petty thieves that worked together to escape the train. That’s why it’s still waiting for you, but I just recaptured you, so it’s back to the Luxurious Wasteland Express you go and don’t give anyone any reason to think otherwise.”

***

Evander disliked the eerie feeling that came with the Order’s recent inactivity. As he spent sporadic and inconspicuous moments acting as liaison runner between the five other would-be escapees, it seemed that everything had fallen to a chilling standstill. And while no clear signs indicated their plans had been leaked to others, the fact that no team had so much as made a supply raid in over a week made Evander wonder if the situation was woven with threads other than coincidence. Still, he couldn’t express his concerns to the others. Now, more than ever, they needed his confidence. They needed his strength.
And it was clear that Evander’s restlessness was not just isolated to himself. Like a ravaging disease, it seemed to consume the other Order members who showed their puzzled anxiousness in several different ways.
Naturally, Mazarin had verbalized his thinking more than anyone, “What’s going on? Has the Patriarch’s mind melted or something? Is the codger even alive anymore?” His rumbling voice could be heard from down the hall. Others, too, would raise their own inquiries, but only a few. Most people were more subtle, and Evander was only half-sure they carried the same suspicions and curiosity he did.
Perhaps it was merely himself trying to feel more secure, pretending the pending tension that rattled his bones every morning was shared by everyone, innocent of desertion plans or not. But Evander pushed the thought away. He was sure other people were catching on. And whether the idea was to comfort himself or a real unexplainable reason, he believed that the cause for this change in the Patriarch wasn’t because of him. Instead, it rested in the intruder—the man who fit into their Complex like an ill-shaped piece from an entirely incorrect puzzle—Stephan, the saboteur.
But Evander knew his suspicions had no ground-solid support. The Patriarch had been elusive with him about Stephan, and as Cutter had said, even those close to Archimedes didn’t seem to know anything. Like two dark-minded death-artists, the two would sit in private chambers, drawing up maps and discussing some carefully architected plan for… something. Evander had no idea what the objective was. Because of its well-kept confidentiality, he toyed with the idea of breaking into the strong-boxes or trying to listen in on their hushed conversations. A part of him was urging him to find out what it was all about. But he chose not to. Whatever it was, it was nothing he wanted any part of. He would lead the others out of Civilization as soon as he could and never come back. He didn’t even want to give the Patriarch, the Order, the saboteur, or any of their stupid plans a second thought.
And so, while he and the Patriarch still met briefly and routinely to go over old missions and customary business, Stephan was never brought up, a subject intentionally avoided by both parties. Evander wanted it that way.
Despite the uncomfortable feeling that it brought, Alpha Team's quiet time was a gift to Evander. He used the extra time to sit alone in his room, sorting through maps and trying diligently to visualize the passage from the resources Cutter had given him. It was long and twisted and so difficult to commit to memory. Evander highlighted the best three courses and left it at that. After he studied them, he would always be careful to lock them up under his bed and lock his room when he left. And, as an added precaution, he was careful not to leave his room unattended for more than an hour or so. And when he was anywhere nearby, his eyes would glance in its direction far more often than was necessary.
When it was convenient, he would talk to Cutter in private, discussing their route and its possible dangers in depth. Cutter’s opinion was that the best way to escape Civilization was stowing away on one of the trains heading to ship convicts out and tow freight from the mines. With few other plausible alternatives, the idea quickly became the official plan. Sharing every detail with him and taking his advice, Evander knew he could trust Cutter with his and the others’ lives, and he didn’t feel even the slightest inkling of regret. Cutter had become a reliable and necessary ally.
Evander opened the door to his room and retired for a well-earned sleep. It was later than he usually stayed up, and the welcome darkness of his room beckoned him to sleep, despite his preoccupied mind, which tried to resist. As he lay down, letting out a groan as his coerced back welcomed the cot’s support, he thought over each person who was taking the gamble with him. From the ever-idealistic Bria to the simple-witted Kedric, everyone seemed to show a spark of excitement in their unique way.
From Mazarin cursing Evander for being too slow about it all and Kedric’s simple nod of satisfaction, everyone showed their eagerness. Bria’s method was Evander’s particular favorite. She would embrace or kiss him, every time almost as electric as the first incident when their lips had locked, a shocking experience that had so completely thrown him off his guard, but it had been wonderful. Still, despite everyone’s energy, Evander stalled.
He made them wait while they slowly made preparations. After all, they were still ill-equipped, and the plans weren’t all concrete and something more. Something else was bothering him, and as he felt himself drifting, half-awake and half-asleep, he realized he was afraid of the very thing they were seeking in earnest, freedom. What did it mean to have it? And much more pressing, what would they do with it? His identity had been something assigned to him all his life, from a mechanic for ENTITY to captain for the Patriarch; Evander had always existed as a pawn in some greater game, and so had all the others. Did they know what it would mean? The thought of having no master was appealing, but by shedding his chains, was he also losing his very purpose?
Escaping to the outside world was a clear and simple goal in theory. Everyone knew they had to do it, and now they had a vague idea how. They waited for the right moment to steal supplies, follow Evander’s maps to the train, stow away, and that was it. And as difficult as that may prove to be, did anyone pause to think what would happen afterward? They would be in the real world with animals, sun and weather, homeless, and with limited food. Of course, Evander planned to travel toward Wasteland for food. Some small part of him teased with the need to visit the mountains near it, but what about after that? Or what about the others? Would they be going with him, or would they all split up? Did they realize how vulnerable they would be outside the protective iron shell of Civilization?
He tossed uneasily and tried to clear his mind. Evander wasn’t sure what he would do with a life that was all his own. The concept seemed so appealing and yet so foreign and intimidating.
This inner weakness wouldn’t do, and he knew it. The next day, he would lead Mazarin, Bria, and Kedric to the Guardian storehouses, and they would carefully steal all the supplies they would need. Hopefully, within a day or so afterward, they would be climbing the tedious way up the vent toward the street surface for the final time.
But for the moment, Evander quieted his thinking and slept.

***

They neared the train. Zina followed Gray, who looked stunning, even with his hair full of grease and haggard prison garb instead of his majestic uniform. Zina didn’t feel the same for herself, however. Changing from maximum security prison garb to standard prison garb wasn’t enough of a change to make her feel good. She understood it was necessary, of course, but she was ready for the experience to be over just the same.
Half afraid their disguise would be a complete failure, that someone would recognize her from the news reports or something, she felt trepidatious as the large rounded-rectangular train, that seemed to stretch for blocks, grew nearer with each step. Gray turned around briefly, shooting her a glance of hope, and then pressed forward, persevering. She admired his strength and how he was risking everything for her, and she loved him. She loved this part of him that had come out, this complete loyalty that she always believed he had.
Torm’s Guardians, who didn’t know their real identities, handled them a bit rougher than she would have liked but certainly treated them with greater kindness than the Blackmask officers would have. She loathed the very thought of them and the memories and the spontaneous horror of their less-than-delicate capture of her. It was still a terror in her mind, and she bit her lip, trying to hold herself together. She was shaking slightly and felt like breaking down more than anything, but she held herself together. She was a lady, and she had Gray with her. Everything would be fine. Everything would be smooth. Gray knew what he was doing. They would get away and go somewhere. She didn’t even know where they’d go after being kicked off into Wasteland if they even made it to Wasteland. Of course, they’d make it to Wasteland! She was desperate to reassure herself.
When they arrived, their names were checked off a roster, and they climbed a platform onto the train. It was stark, barren, metallic, unfurnished, and cold. They were sorted into male and female compartments, and Zina found herself taken away from Gray and placed in a lockup with dozens of other inmates. At least they didn’t give her the uncomfortable stares the male inmates did. The majority of the other women were minding their own business. A few mingled from their separate compartments, and Zina found hers uncomfortably small and confining. A sense of claustrophobia pressed against her chest and made her tense, but the steward only shook her head as she shoved Zina inside the smallest compartment in the car.
“You should have thought of that before you tried to escape!” she said mercilessly.
Tried to escape?
Then Zina remembered her alleged story and found herself suffocating on her own panic as she sat idle, her legs and arms cramping; the pain was the worst in her knees. She coughed and gagged, and eventually, the steward did take pity on her and pulled her from the penal compartment. With two male guards' assistance, they pulled Zina out of the small box and into a larger one. The men’s hands were ever-present and searching as they shuffled her from one box to the other, and Zina felt grossly sickened. She wasn’t some sort of underground prostitute; she was a lady, and this treatment was atrocious. She felt relieved when they locked the iron-bar door behind her, and though she was again crammed in a cube, it kept the male guards away from her and was notably larger than her former home.
She waited quietly for the train to lift to its narrow hovering height and fly away. Nothing mattered anymore, nothing except Gray. Life had forever shifted from all her plans, all of her imaginings and fantasies. Fate was a cruel mistress, but at least she was alive, and she had Gray.
As she sat in silent thought, she heard pounding overhead like a footstep pressing against metal. She looked up and saw only the cold metal ceiling, and the noise never came again. It was strange, it was unexplainable, and most importantly, it had gone away and left her alone. She dismissed it as either imagination or something not to be concerned with.
She tried to clear her racing mind but could not. Every instant was weighted down in a handful of ideas drowning in a thousand worries for each. Every thought hurt, and finally, sitting and leaning against a wall, she felt herself drifting into a numbing sleep.
The train lurched forward, startling her momentarily from her doze. She wiped a stream of tears from her eyes and slept.

***

Evander traced the final mark on the map with the yellow pen. Then he looked it over, the simple collection of maps that rested on the table, displaying their very rough and fragmented course. It wasn’t a simple path, but he was confident it was the right one. As he moved to collect the maps again, it all sank in and became a reality. Everything was ready. He couldn’t stall anymore. He had to face and embrace the plan fully now; there could be no turning back after today.
He looked toward the timekeeper across the quaint room, and its red digits told him he had a few minutes to spare, but it was almost time. He slipped his wrist-computer off and rested it on his bed, remembering the tracking device that had been installed inside it after Mazarin’s affair had been uncovered. Evander felt even more thankful for Cutter’s warning. The bald man’s information had proven invaluable. With a little luck and a little hope, Evander decided optimistically that others like Cutter would arise to help the renegades with their needs. He took in a deeper breath than usual, gathered his thoughts, collected Truth from its resting place against the wall, and made for the door. He entered dormant and vacant hallways, the sound of sleep seeping from the doors as he passed them. Evander slipped into the gym without incident.
“About time you showed up,” Mazarin said. He was dressed normally, cloak draped over his side and shoulder, and even more eager than his sharp eyes was the gleaming sword in his hands.
“Well, I see you’re early,” Evander said quietly. “The others should be here shortly.”
“Come on; we could be halfway there already if we’d left when I said we should.”
Evander sighed slightly. Mazarin was often enough a pain and a bother, but his friend was right; they should have left earlier. If anyone knew how to slip away at night, it was Mazarin.
“I don’t remember you being this giddy on other raids I’ve led in the past,” Evander said.
Mazarin made an expression as if to say, “You’re an idiot, Evander.” Then he looked toward the doorway. Evander followed his gaze to where Kedric was walking toward them.
“That makes all of us,” Evander said.
“All of us?” Mazarin said.
“I told Jazen and Lavina we wouldn’t need them on this one, remember?” Evander said.
“I meant what about Bria?”
Then Evander understood. “I forgot to tell you,” he said, “she wanted to go in first just like a normal mission to watch for alarms and guards and all that.”
Mazarin nodded.
“So, she’s checking out the Guardian strong-houses right now,” Kedric said. He was now only a few feet away, and we’re waiting for?”
“Well, our target is more of a warehouse than a strong-house, but in a word, yes. And we were waiting for you,” Evander said, toying with Truth’s handle without realizing it.
“What are you nervous about, Rookie?” Mazarin said, looking him over with the keen eyes of an old friend.
“I’m not,” Evander stated, knowing that Mazarin was absolutely right but still trying to maintain their full confidence.
Mazarin frowned skeptically.
“Well, let’s get a move on then; I don’t like standing here in the open,” Mazarin said.
Evander led the other two through the panel and up the dark shaft toward the surface. The way had become as familiar as his own face in the mirror, and he briefly wondered how he’d deal with vents he’d never seen before. When they were in the large rectangular vents just above ground level, Evander drew Truth. Like a focused lightbulb, it spilled through the black fog and unveiled the faces of Kedric and Mazarin nearby.
“Do you have the list?” Evander asked.
“Yes,” Kedric mumbled, and he shuffled through a cargo pocket out of sight. A moment later, Evander felt the brush of a thick paper against his hand. He took it and read over the supplies they’d need a second time: the two-week supply of nutrient blocks, or “slop blocks,” as Mazarin called them, survival kits, CWCs, various and sundry necessities… nothing Evander didn’t already have emblazoned into his mind. The list seemed scanty, but Mazarin’s figuring was as good as anyone’s. After all, Evander had no idea what it would be like outside the building. He handed the list back to Kedric and used Truth’s light to guide them through the next several passageways.
The lack of light seemed even more intense than usual as Evander maintained a nervous jog with the others at his flank. He could feel unstable energy coursing from his fingertips to his toes, and it made his sweating forehead throb. Evander had been nervous before, but something about this mission was bothering him. He’d always thought of it, but he’d never actually done anything behind the Patriarch’s back before. Now, very literally and physically, the dark walls around him were telling him volumes about how much trouble he was risking, not only for himself but everyone he cared about.
But at the same time, it was more exciting and thrilling than anything had been since the day he had become captain. The imminent sense of danger, every ticking second that passed with each step, worked against them. The camaraderie of his loyal friends coupled with the risk of snooping inside enemy territory, the adventuresome taste was more than adequate to satisfy an unexplainable need for it. A need he knew the other men had, but not necessarily the women.
He turned a bend and found himself at a fork. He scuffled to a silent stop and heard the muffled movements of Mazarin and Kedric behind him doing the same, almost completely inaudible to his heightened senses.
“What’s the matter, Rookie?” Mazarin said.
“The way is left,” Kedric said quietly. Evander thought about it for a moment and decided he agreed.
“How did you know?” Evander said, facing him. Light trickled off Truth, half-uncovering Kedric’s face in the vague darkness.
“I read the maps. I never forget what I read,” Kedric said flatly as if scoffing at Evander for letting a junction slip his mind.
“Well, okay then, thanks for that,” Mazarin said, making it obvious he was disturbed by Kedric’s detail sharing. Evander picked up the pace again, and they headed through the left shaft. As long as he didn’t let himself forget other vital details, they should be all right, he reassured himself. From what Cutter could gather, they wouldn’t meet any resistance if they were stealthy and quick, and Evander intended to be just that. And with a little more luck, they’d return to a still sleeping Order, and no one would have to know anything.
The rest of the way was as uneventful as most trips. Despite the usual dust and darkness and ever-present airflow, nothing else seemed to exist in the vents. When Evander felt they were nearing their location, he glanced at his watch, and his wrist looked back at him emptily. The drawback of dropping the watches was that Evander could no longer gauge time, but his nearest guess was that half-an-hour had passed, so he figured for forty-five minutes to be on the safer side.
When Evander reached a crawl-sized vent, and the group had pushed their awkward way through a tunnel of trap-like, ever smaller passageways, Evander decided they were as close as the vents would carry them.
Evander looked for a nearby hatch; he slid Truth’s blade carefully under the pin and twisted the sword. It snapped loose, and Mazarin snatched the panel. They crawled out of the vent in turn and dropped to the ground, not bothering to replace the panel. The hallways were narrow, but the ceiling was high. The lights weren’t entirely out, but no one was in sight or sound range. Just like they’d planned, the storehouse was empty of its facilitators who slept naively in their ignorant beds elsewhere. Without incident, except that now they were there and there had been no sign of Bria.
He led the others down the corridor and into an adjoining storage room. Mazarin forced the door before Evander could take off the hinges, and then they split up. Each person took a group of shelves that lined the walls and partitioned the room, stacks and stacks of equipment; a lot of it, Evander couldn’t even recognize.
Evander walked about his section, gazing up to shelves that ranged from his toes to twice his height… unfathomable. Masks, tanks, pads, cloths, cleaners, rechargers, drills, bits, everything was shelved coherently except that the items lacked pattern. They weren’t strewn about at random, but Evander could make no sense of why boots and Window-Shine were shelved next to each other. So much stuff, but just about nothing he could think of practical use for. They needed what they came for, not any of this unusable excess. He moved to the next partition and glanced over its miscellaneous wares as well. When his eyes combed from more cleaner to handbooks, he was startled by an unexpected tap on his shoulder. He whirled, his fingers calling for Truth, and then he saw Bria’s face clearly, smiling and shaking her head as she stripped her ever-concealing chameleon cloak from around her light frame. Evander relaxed his grip on the sheathed sword and reposed his worry for her.
“Where were you?” he asked. Bria laughed.
“I’ve been here for ages,” she said. “No one was here, so I used my time while waiting for you guys. I found everything on that list.” She held up a stuffed pack, and in her hands were five others. Evander shook his head in pleasant disbelief, deciding that Bria had far sharper senses for this sort of thing than he did.
“I can’t find anything useful!” Mazarin said from somewhere on the other side of the shelf. Hearing him, Evander decided that Bria’s instincts were better than any of theirs for this.
“Don’t worry; Bria’s got it all here,” Evander said, and he couldn’t suppress a smile. He took the bag from her hand, set it on the ground, and embraced her. When her light, tender frame was in his arms, he whispered, “I was worried about you.”
Bria pulled away, laughing as the others came around their respective corners. “It’s not like I could radio you. You had us leave our watches in our rooms, remember?”
Evander wasn’t sure whether to feel embarrassed or not, so he changed the subject quickly. “Um, well, I guess everything we need is here. The pulsars we already have back at home and, unless anyone can think of anything we forgot,” Evander said.
Mazarin gave Evander a suspicious look but quickly shook it off. Evander wasn’t sure whether it meant anything or not. What chilled him, though, was that his friend’s keen eyes hadn’t been glossy with jest. Something heavy was buried in them for a few moments, and then they were normal again. Evander wasn’t sure what to make of it—probably nothing, so he made little of it. He shot Mazarin a quizzical look, which he didn’t see, and then looked back toward Bria and Kedric and let his mind clear.
“Okay,” he began.
“Half a moment,” Mazarin said, and he bolted around the corner out of sight. Everyone looked at each other strangely, but Evander tensed a little. Even Kedric seemed baffled by Mazarin’s run-out, and he was socially daft.
“Maybe he had to go find a bathroom?” Bria said half-jokingly.
Evander chuckled with the others, but inside didn’t want to joke about it, and, as he listened intently, he thought he heard a sliding door.
“Kedric, help Bria back into the vent,” Evander said. They looked at him in surprise. “Now!” He ripped Truth from his sheath and ran around the corner. “Take the bags if you can; we’ll meet you at the junction a quarter of the way!”
Then they were out of his sight, and the sliding door was in view. It had opened, and a handful of Guardians walked inside, armed, armored, and obviously prepared to fight an intruder. Evander ducked behind a shelf, quietly slid a book out of the way, and watched them. The Guardians moved into the room carefully and slowly, though meeting no resistance. Mazarin was nowhere to be seen. Evander watched them shrewdly until one of the policemen’s gray-blue eyes made eye contact with him. Evander ducked as a stream of fiery yellow pulsar energy scorched through the book he’d been behind and set fire to the shelf. The jig was up.
He sprang upward and latched his right hand around a support rod, wielding Truth in his left. Pulling himself above the growing flames, he began climbing toward the ceiling.
“There’s one over there!” a soldier’s voice said, no doubt pointing his way, but he was a step ahead of them; he flipped partway around, ready to drop.
There was a screaming noise, and then he heard the battle-hardened cry of Mazarin, who was apparently two steps ahead of everyone. Evander tumbled over the top shelf, landed deftly on his feet, and lunged, sword-ready, toward the clustered clump of Guardians. They seemed to be firing randomly as they tried to follow Mazarin’s lightning-quick movements.
“Over here!” Evander shouted at them to draw their attention. Mazarin strafed their rank and cut down three of the Guardians with a sweeping blow. But Evander counted three others, possibly more nearby. He lunged sideways and rolled; a beam tickled his arm hair, but the other two were clear misses. He then leaped upward, double-glancing at his singed but unwounded arm, and made for the group, Truth ready to parry their second shots, but they never made them.
Mazarin came to a stop over the six crumpled bodies and held Fang’s bloody edge, still ready for more.
“That’s it?” Mazarin said. “I didn’t even break a sweat!”
While that may have been true for Mazarin, Evander was panting. He doubled up for a moment, caught his breath, then looked back toward the mortally wounded men whose lives had suddenly ended. His still racing heart felt heavy, and Evander shook his head in disgust. “I didn’t want to do it this way. I didn’t want this to happen.” He wasn’t sure if he was speaking to himself or Mazarin.
“Well, Rookie, it happened—tragic if you want to look at it that way, but the real tragedy is that they were prepared to fight the wrong enemy,” Mazarin mumbled as he picked up a broken piece of reflective armor. “This may have turned the light of a pulsar blast and maybe even would have lessened the heat from pure energy, but this is butter to a knife, paper to a sword, and nothing but air to Fang.” He kissed the side of his sword and re-sheathed it. “I don’t think they expected to fight us Hybrids here.”
“Hybrids?” Evander said, and then he remembered what both the Talcomm Officer and Cutter had told him. “So, you’ve accepted the story then?”
“I don’t care if they tell me I’m a genetic hybrid of a donkey and a spaceship; I still know I’m better than them.”
Evander tried to laugh at Mazarin. He tried to force the thoughts of six dead young men from his mind, and he gestured for Mazarin to hurry and come with him. Someone would find these bodies. It was no use hiding them, and the nearest dumpster was clear outside in the street corridor. It was best to run now.
The two of them climbed up to the vent, refastened the panel, and made their way toward quartermark. At least the Guardians wouldn’t be able to raise an alarm that would reach the ears of the Patriarch, not through Cutter, not until they had long escaped. ENTITY would need time to figure out what had happened; time Evander would like to spend on a shuttle or train, soaring free from the jaws of Civilization.
As he ran, the thought crossed his mind that he had compromised the lives of others to keep their raid silent, and he wondered if he was truly as different from Artemis as he hoped and believed himself to be. The thought turned his blood to ice.


CHAPTER 23

Torm found himself back at his home on Willow Lane. It was quaint and dull, but for the moment, it contained almost everything that meant anything to him. He opened an old photo album and turned through pictures of his first tour of duty. Velix, his father, had pushed him out the door with all his contempt for Torm’s decision to join the Guardians, but where Velix had turned on him, his sergeant had accepted him. Sergeant Gray, his first real friend, and now the man was gone. Torm had helped him escape with his poor innocent and confused beloved, out of harm’s way and into the unknowns of Wasteland. He and Gray had served there before. Gray would be fine, but now Torm had to put his mind at ease concerning them and worry about himself. He was the son of Velix, former heir to the Vortin seat, and had just committed high treason. He had helped a wanted criminal escape, two actually, and though he’d do it again, he now had to clean up all traces before they were discovered. Gray was gone, and it was time to look to his own needs. And for the first time, he was thankful for some of his father’s genes. He could make it all disappear.
He closed the book and returned it to its place under his socks in his closet. There it would remain unopened for a long time, he knew. It was better that way. At least he still had his friendship with Rachel. If it wasn’t for her, Torm didn’t want to think about it. Although Gray had very nearly lost everything he held dear, Torm envied him. Gray had a new life, a clear destiny, the love of a beautiful woman, and complete freedom. Torm was still shackled to his father’s name, Rachel couldn’t love him, and there was a genuine possibility that he’d be executed in Gray’s place.
Brushing the pessimism away, he reached his hand into his pocket, where he had grown accustomed to feeling the cut smooth edges of the gem that he had taken from the corpse. For reasons unknown, the disc held his own image inside it, but it was gone, and he remembered giving it to Gray. Everything, it seemed, always came back to Gray’s departure.
He wasn’t sure exactly why he had given Gray the gemstone. He knew it would have been bad for him to keep it and have it found in his possession, but simple fear and paranoia had never stopped him before. He had no good explanation and began questioning whether it had even been a good idea, but it had been Rachel’s idea, and it had felt good to him at the time, so he decided it was as close to right as anything he knew.
Sitting down in front of the screen, he typed a report for his involvement in the escaped convicts' recapture. In truth, he had arranged for their capture, and a trusted would-be deserter was holding the two hostages, ready to re-release them in Civilization when Torm gave him the signal. In the meantime, Torm covered the man’s duties so that no one would notice his absence. It was risky, and it was stupid, but there was nothing else he could have done on the spot.
He didn’t tell Rachel what he had done. He wanted to so badly, but he couldn’t get himself to endanger her with that kind of information or make her worry for him, so he hadn’t visited her in the past couple of days. Torm’s plan required all his focus, and he didn’t want to be distracted; he knew he would have been. Something inside him ached when he thought about Rachel, but he forced his mind back to the report. He had found suspicious characters, identified them, arrested them, and re-booked them—simple as that. He was innocent; he did his job; it was all direct and brief. He sent the report and hoped that he had sounded like himself. He was half-worried that he’d been too careful about his wording. Torm fingered a nearby paperweight nervously.
Then there was a vibration at his hip. He leaped up instinctively and unclipped the pager, flipping it open as he raised it to his mouth. With a tap, he spoke into it, “Torm here and ready.”
Then a static-filled voice said, “This is Central Command. Collect your unit and report to Warehouse Three-Three-H-One, block off the southern part of Main Street Corridor and the East Road for half a block. Only authorized personnel are allowed within a fifty-meter radius of the warehouse. Do you copy?”
His mind shifted to the task at hand, and curiosity stabbed through him like a fatal spear wound. “Yes, I copy. What is the nature of the emergency?”
“A Guardian MP unit killed in action, killers missing.”
The transmitter clicked off.
Torm sent a radio message to his squad, clipped the device back to his belt, grabbed his pulsar, and ran for Main Street Corridor just like he was supposed to. At least dull moments were rare.

***

“What do you want? There is no study session today. I told you last time that our research will wait until I have collected more…”
“I am not here to study, Patriarch. There is something you should know, but I fear it will upset you.”
“And?”
“I am aware of a mutiny plot, sir. It’s a horrible one. Members of this Order are preparing to disband. They think I am loyal to their cause, and I’m winning over the trust of their leader, but I serve only you, Father.”
“And who is their leader?”
“Evander, he means to lead three from Alpha Team and two more to escape the Order and try to flee Civilization.”
“Are you sure about this? Evander has always been perfectly loyal. I’m not sure; perhaps it is you I cannot trust.”
“Then you are blind, Patriarch, but you must trust me. I have also never defied your trust. The plans are already in place, and it’s only a matter of time. I thought you should know.”
“Indeed, if this is true, it could jeopardize… then I cannot even trust Artemis. Tell me that he at least is not in their numbers. Artemis is still among the most loyal.”
“Here’s a list of all those involved.”
“This is disgusting. Backstabbed by my own—the worst of all…”
“What do you plan to do, Patriarch?”
“Nothing. Let them hatch their scheme. When they are proven guilty in their own right, then we’ll have them. Until then, follow their every step. Stay close to them and keep me informed. When are they leaving?”
“I believe tomorrow night.”
“Then we must be ready before tomorrow night. I’m going to give you a list of people I trust above all. I want you to summon them to my office, but first come back when you have Artemis. I would talk to you two first.”
“As you would have it, Patriarch.”

***

Travis was exhausted. As usual, he sat at his desk; the small wooden-framed unit was more of a home to him than his bed. He stared blankly at the bright LCD screen for some time before doing anything else. It was overwhelming, and it was hopeless. He turned his chair from the screen and pressed his burning eyes flatly against his palms. Even with his eyes closed, he still saw images of the screen in his mind. Life offered him no escape. He cursed a thousand things, Hybrids, Alice, even the Lord Protector, and stood up to go home. He’d worked overtime for the past eternity, and whether he was needed or not, he was going home. He needed nutrients, he needed rest, and perhaps most of all, he needed a change of scenery. The drab office and computer screen were too much to take in such high doses.
Travis forced himself to exhale deeply and pull himself together. He knew the work was important. Every day, it seemed the Hybrids hurt something or other. A group of Guardians had been killed just today, broken pipes a few days before, and there were a dozen other suspicious things that may or may not be related to the insurgency. His job was to determine that and help organize a defense against them and their inhuman capabilities and tactics. The cybots and NEGs helped, but something else was necessary. Travis decided the “Evander” Hybrid, who had somehow overpowered the NEGs effects, was an anomaly, so, under normal circumstances, a Hybrid would be soothed into a very potent sleep. But, despite his rationalizing, he couldn’t be entirely sure. The NEGs worked on Number IV; why not their second target? Perhaps Number IV was the anomaly?
Alice wanted to modify her design, and until she did, Travis had to sit and wait with his hands tied, hoping pointlessly that the insurgents wouldn’t wreak more havoc. So, he sat and puzzled fruitlessly over the whole mess, the entire situation, and decided that it wasn’t worth it. They could burn his mind out today, but he wouldn’t let them. There was nothing he could do, so he was going home. He would sleep in a few short hours of peace and solace, numb from their existence and his overburdening workload. Then, maybe, if he ever awoke, he would come back and solve their riddles, but not today. He’d had enough.
He stood up and walked for the door, momentarily pausing as he noticed the digits: 1:45 Postmeridian.
Like a showdown, he faced off with the work clock, not advancing but not relenting from his ground. He still had hours and hours more of the day to put in; schedule and ENTITY demanded it, but death to their wishes. He was going home—1:45 Postmeridian or not! He took a few more steps toward the sliding-glass door, and then a whistle and beep from behind him forced him to turn around. A few lights flashed.
Blue, Blue, Blue. The Protectorate Council.
Travis snapped out of it, feeling his innards sink into despair a little, and then slowly moved toward the computer and activated the screen. He saw the unmistakable and unreadable face of the Lord Protector himself.
“Travis, you are currently investigating yesterday’s Guardian Warehouse incident?” the Lord Protector said. Because of his tone, Travis couldn’t identify if it was a question or a statement.
“Yes, Sir,” he said, feigning confidence.
“Eugene XIX has been taken off the Tribunal case. I want you to address it specifically. You recall the incident. Not long ago, during a high-priority case, a man broke into the Tribunal, interrupted the proceedings, killed two guards, and removed a convicted felon.”
The Lord Protector continued, “Eugene had been investigating the case for criminal identity, probable cause, and all that, but I would like you to take it at a new angle.”
Travis nodded.
“I suspect that our ever-pesky Hybrids are involved, and I would like you to find and establish a link. If you can find one, then I will be better able to commit the resources to find and exterminate the infestation forever, and I think we all want that. Do you understand your assignment?”
“Yes, Sir,” Travis said.
“I’m transmitting you all of Eugene’s data, so you don’t have to start from scratch.”
“Eugene’s data?” Travis said. “Maybe I’d be better starting from scratch,” he muttered quietly. If the Lord Protector made out his words coherently, he ignored them.
“Travis, if you can do this, it will be worth your while; believe me. But keep in mind that, if you don’t…” The Lord Protector’s voice trailed off with a menace, and the screen turned off.
Travis took a second deep breath and collected his thoughts. So, he wasn’t going home early after all, figures. But at least the work would be slightly different. If the novelty lasted a few more hours, then he could fall asleep in peace at last. So, the Lord Protector had picked him over Alice, not a bad choice. Now, she didn’t have him under her thumb any longer. This was a beacon of encouraging thought in a thus far unrelenting storm of darkness, and he felt some renewed vigor.
Now, where to begin?

***

It was the night. Evander awoke with the full weight of anticipation he had put off as he’d started his nap. But now, he couldn’t put it off any longer. The supplies were gathered, the word was spread, the date had been set, and that date was tonight. Now.
More than a little anxious, he redressed himself, double-checked his prepacked backpack, which was stashed under his bed, and made to leave his room. A tiny glint of silver caught his eye the moment he closed the door behind him, the watch he’d let sit there since the incident in the Guardian Warehouse. Fortunately, Cutter would cover their trail for a time, or so Evander believed.
He walked through the halls slowly, trying doubly hard to appear casual. The few individuals he passed would either greet him normally or ignore him as they walked apathetically to their quarters. He took an indirect course and eventually wound his way to the Alpha Team door. It was partially ajar, and the lights were out. Everything suggested it was vacant. Evander slipped inside and closed the door gently behind him. The room was completely dark. Evander stood still for a moment. Nothing.
He wondered if anyone else had arrived yet, or if he was the first. A dozen other concerns took the stage in his mind, but he shoved them to the back of his head with force.
A firm hand clamped down on Evander’s shoulder. He jumped back, startled, and reached for Truth. The blade’s glow seemed brighter than usual in the blackness, and its dimly-colored outline leaped out to reveal the face of Mazarin directly in front of him. Other people were further back, but the light wasn’t strong enough to identify them.
“Sorry to spook you, kid,” Mazarin said quietly.
When the others stepped forward and Evander recognized the figures of Jazen and Kedric, he relaxed considerably but still held out the sword for light.
“Where are Lavina and Bria?” Evander asked.
In the dim light, he could faintly make out the exaggerated motion of Mazarin shrugging his shoulders. “No idea, but the equipment’s all here.” He pointed, and Evander turned to see the shapes of five lightly packed bags on the briefing table.
“Mine’s still in my room. I was waiting to get it on the way out,” Evander said.
“As near as I can figure,” Mazarin said, “we can last a comfortable week outside Civy. Then we…”
“We find food from Wasteland,” Evander said, “but we’ll worry about that AFTER we’re out of ‘Civy,’” he made mock quotations with his fingers, “but until then…”
He walked over and pulled the charts and maps from a pocket and looked them over one final time. They were exactly as he remembered them, and after studying them for a few more minutes, he set them down and re-sheathed his sword as Mazarin drew Fang. Sometime during the trance of his concentration, the door creaked open, and in slipped Lavina and Bria.
“You’re late, missy,” Evander teased while moving forward to catch her by the elbow. For a moment, he felt a pull of resistance; then, she let him embrace her.
“And, you’re done,” Mazarin said. Evander ignored his friend and escorted Bria toward the table.
“We had to wait for a few minutes,” Bria said. “We saw some people out late and didn’t want to run into them.”
“People?” Mazarin said suspiciously. “Who were they, and what were they doing?”
“It…” Bria said, but her voice failed her.
“It looked like another team. They poured out of Gamma and marched out toward the vent,” Lavina said. “We waited for them to go, and when we couldn’t hear them anymore, then we came here.”
Evander was troubled, and, by Mazarin’s immediate pacing and fidgeting, it was clear he was as well. So, the Patriarch had resumed the raids—and tonight of all nights. Evander hoped for coincidence. After all, they’d all taken every precaution to leave no indication that they planned to leave.
“The people you heard, were they Gamma team?” Evander said curiously.
“I don’t know. We didn’t see their faces and could only hear a few whispered words and the noise of their feet as they walked by through the hall,” Lavina said. Bria nodded as if verifying Lavina’s account with her stamp of approval.
“Why would they be whispering?” Mazarin thundered.
“Perhaps not to wake people, an idea you might want to consider,” Kedric said, “unless you want to fight the whole Order.”
“Okay, torch boy, whatever you say,” Mazarin said, waving Kedric off as the village idiot.
Evander thought for a moment, weighing everything out, and then decided they had to push forward. This might have been just coincidence, and if it weren’t, well, they would be no safer staying here. And he, above all, couldn’t let go of his hope; he wouldn’t give that up without a fight.
Letting Bria go, he took a few steps away and drew Truth yet again. It again gave the room some dim light, and Evander called the others to come close. “We are leaving in a few minutes,” Evander said.
The expressions on the others’ faces seemed to express a powerfully sarcastic, “No kidding?”
Evander continued, trying to focus and prepare the group’s psyche, as well as his own. “We’ve all talked about this moment. We’ve certainly all thought of it and wanted it, and now, no matter what happens, we’re going to give our best at making the dream become a reality.” He paused to judge the others’ reactions. Bria seemed interested in what he was trying to do, but her eyes rolled a little. Lavina and Kedric appeared surprisingly respectful; Jazen was quiet but didn’t seem focused, and Mazarin was yawning obviously and loudly.
“I will lead the way through the vents,” Evander continued. “Mazarin will take rearguard.”
Mazarin clicked his tongue and said, “You know it.”
“And,” Evander continued, making a conscious effort to mask his irritation, “the rest of you will follow me. I know that Jazen and Lavina have never traveled as far topside before, so they will be in the direct middle so that they won’t get lost,” he nodded in their direction, “no offense.” They both shrugged. “And Bria will follow them, and so Kedric will follow me, got it?”
Everyone groaned their understanding; the plan wasn’t new, after all. “We’re wasting time,” Mazarin said. He was right. Evander knew he had to speed this up.
“ Mazar, you’re up,” Evander said.
“I’m only doing this dance because you asked me, you know,” Mazar said to Evander on his way across the room. He held Fang casually in his left hand and opened one of the bags on the table. He withdrew several items and held them up, each in turn. The first was something cube-shaped and green. “This is a slop block,” he said, “this is just like those nutrients you’re used to injecting, except it eventually runs out and tastes bad, but eating them is better than dying… maybe.” He put the block back in the bag. Then he lifted a pulsar, “This is a pistol; if you don’t know what it is, you’re an idiot,” he shoved it back in the bag as well.
“The point of showing the pulsar,” Evander said, trying to rectify the object lesson, “was to demonstrate to you that what was before a killing machine against normal people and a stimulus so addictive and dangerous it could destroy your life like it did Arkkon and Artemis… can now be the same tool you use to keep yourself alive outside in the real world. Far out of reach of Civilization’s climate control, having something to start a fire will be very useful. They also have compact scopes with infrared-enhanced night vision.”
“Ooooh,” Mazarin said, pointing at it like a model. “Okaaay, next!” He grabbed a pouch. “Survival kit,” he said and returned it to the bag. “Clothes, a handful of useful tools, pocket light,” he raised each thing in turn and quickly and carelessly shoved it back in the bag, “whatever this thing is,” he dropped a small box back in, “and of course your CWC. Okay, that’s it. Come get one.” In turn, each person came up and strapped a bag to their backs, and all agreed the weight was lighter than they had expected. Evander hoped that would still be true after they’d done a few hours of climbing and running.
Evander noticed that, as Jazen took his bag, he opened it and stuffed a compact computer carefully inside and several packs of sun-rechargeable batteries. Apparently, clothes and food weren’t the bare necessities for everyone, Evander mused. Similarly, Kedric placed some canisters and chemicals in his. His world would probably end if he were unable to practice his chemistry. Mazarin always said that chemicals were his version of friends.
After a few minutes of exchanging bags because they’d grabbed the wrong ones, the misfit group looked expectantly at Evander, ready to depart. Since Kedric was closest, Evander told him to grab the maps. It was almost an after-thought, but one he had in the nick of time. Evander feared he would continue being forgetful and decided to focus on his memory, believing it, above all, to be their greatest danger.
He led them out of the room, retrieved his own bag from his quarters, gave the bedchamber one last and surprisingly sentimental glance, and then they all slipped into the main room and up the vent in pairs as quietly and quickly as they could.
Evander thought to himself as the whole scene was slipping from his mind, the room, the halls, the sight of the Complex. It was the last time he’d ever see any of it. He felt a little attached still, but in his head, his voice echoed the burning words, “Good riddance!”
Even with the added excitement and foreboding of their risky escape, travel inside the dank, dull vents was as monotonous as ever. They seemed to stretch on forever, paths in every direction and dimension as they always had. A huge, intricate spider’s web that very soon, Evander realized, he’d have to navigate through—vents he wouldn’t recognize. Everything was so much more possible with Cutter’s maps. Only the thought of them was reassuring.
After a while, he questioned his sense of direction. He hadn’t lost it, but he began not trusting it, so he asked Kedric for directions. It was earlier than he hoped he’d have to do this, but it was better to be safe than sorry. Kedric complied and gave directions from behind with a little torchlight as Evander led. And they reached completely unfamiliar vents quickly. Of course, their boxy shape, small size, and grayish colors were all very customary, but he knew they were not the vents that led to the high-rising sections of the city he’d spent the past nine months raiding.
After a time, Kedric moved up closer and caused Evander to tense for a moment because it startled him. Personal space was another gauge most people had, but Kedric didn’t. Evander tried not to let it bother him out of courtesy and a firm desire to make this ill-fit group successful. “Left, up about four feet and then right, and you’ll be at the street entrance. We’ll want to run the street for about a block and then enter another street vent.”
“Go into the street?” Evander said. “Are you sure? I thought we could go all the way through the vents. I specifically planned a path that would get us through.”
Kedric shook his head. “No, we have to go up and over. Your way is too roundabout, and it takes us by the close-cutting fans, and that would take too much time and be too much risk.”
“The sap’s right,” Mazarin said from the rear. “We can’t afford to waste any time. Let’s just take the street path. If there are a few guards, well, we know what to do.”
Evander gave up under the pressure and continued to lead them the way Kedric told him to go, following his directions to the letter and hoping the district would be in night-cycle and they could pass stealthily. If it was day-cycle, and he saw light pouring into the vent, he’d lead them back, and they’d go his way. That thought was comforting enough to proceed.
“This is the street entrance,” Kedric said when they found a large, vented panel on the right wall. No light was spilling through its narrow, angular slits.
“Even though this district is in night-cycle,” Kedric said, “we would stick out because we are all wearing full travel bags.”
“And carrying big swords,” Mazarin added, “or ridiculous torches.”
“The last thing we want is a run-in with the Guardians or Blackmask,” Bria said, perhaps only to change the subject. If that were the case, Evander couldn’t agree more.
“Okay, let’s go quickly, quietly, and carefully.” He withdrew a gavinwrench from his bag and silently unhitched the hatch. As he set the metal panel to the side, Mazarin interrupted with energy in his voice, “Do you hear that?”
Everyone listened, and sure enough, a faint pounding could be heard from behind them in the vents, like footsteps. “Into the alley, now!” Mazarin said.
Evander jumped down, Kedric fast behind him. Lavina seemed hesitant, but Jazen handled the jump as skillfully as Nero would have.
Then Bria and lastly Mazarin came through. He beckoned toward the opposite end and stood guard as he motioned for the others to run. They had to make it to the far side.
“Blades!” Evander said, reaching for Truth and not finding it.
Instead of his comrades, it seemed that others responded to his call. The alley brightened in a dazzling display of colored lights all around them as people closed in, swords at the ready. Bria, who had been leading Lavina, slid to a halt and began retreating toward her group, having already almost escaped the alley. But now, everyone was cut off. Evander turned in a circle to see that perhaps a dozen newcomers had arrived.
“Blades!” he cried again. His small group naturally fell into a tightly formed circle. Mazarin held Fang maliciously, and even Jazen’s burgundy rapier was held passionately at the ready. Bria had already drawn her pistol, as had Lavina, not much use, but doubtlessly it helped them feel better, and Kedric was nowhere to be seen. Evander turned a circle and found the other renegade holding his lifetorch high in one hand and Evander’s precious Truth in the other. The blade looked empty, passive, and lifeless. It had never looked so cold, not so much as a gleam escaped its smooth, polished surface. Evander knew it couldn’t recognize Kedric’s touch. And to Evander, it pulled at his heart like seeing his own dead son in the hands of a killer. “Give it to me! What are you doing?” Evander said before letting his mind catch up to his mouth. But when it did, he realized Kedric, of all people, had betrayed them. The circle around them took a few steps closer and then stopped as Kedric raised his torch high. Kedric used the extensions of two fingers clutching Truth to hold up the precious maps they’d brought.
“The game is over! For high treason against the Patriarch, Evander will pay with his life! And the rest of you will surrender yourselves and accept your punishments or meet the same fate as the former captain,” Kedric said with surprising eloquence as he thrust the torch into the maps. The fire quickly burned, consuming the papers, and ash flittered down to the ground, reducing the symbol of their hope, the path to freedom, to tiny black specks in instants.
Mazarin snorted and moved forward, fiery indignation burning brightly in his eyes. “Any idiot who stands against us will have to answer to me personally!” he said, looking at their ranks. They all cowered back a step at this but quickly found their strength again and took two steps forward to make up for it. Mazarin turned his attention, focused like a searchlight, onto Kedric. “Traitor! You’ll pay for this! I swore I’d kill you!” He charged Kedric and the rank of swordsmen recklessly. His large strides closed the gap in under two seconds, and an outraged cry poured from his mouth. Evander could sense more than see the intimidation in the others’ eyes, but they still had numbers. Kedric strafed to escape Mazarin’s charge, slipping behind the rank of swordsmen. Then Evander acted.
Quickly and impulsively, he half-circled to intercept Kedric and leaped for him. Kedric reacted, turning the mace end of his lifetorch. It sailed for him, brushing Evander’s hair as he ducked, and then Evander forced a move of his own. He leaped to his feet, and his fist struck Kedric solidly on the jaw. And dark as the feeling was, it felt really, really good. There was a popping crack, and Kedric reeled back, ejecting part of a tooth from his bleeding mouth. Evander mimicked a roundhouse kick he’d seen Mazarin perform before. His turn came off a little low, so his foot caught Kedric in the chest. But as he’d turned, he’d reached for the sword, and Truth blazed to life in his hands the moment his grip closed around it. Evander regained his balance and glanced around to see what had become of the others.
Mazarin’s advance had been stalled by four or five swordsmen, who skillfully ducked and parried while desperately and futilely trying to subdue the powerful fighter in a clashing of bright burning blades and lightning reflexes. Bria and Lavina escaped the circle and led a group of swordsmen away from the struggle, but both were fleeing for their lives, and Jazen struggled valiantly to keep back two more swordsmen, but they were quickly overcoming his inexperience.
In front of Evander, Kedric had regained his feet, holding his torch squarely and readily as his other hand slipped into a pocket and withdrew a powder-filled bag. The torch moved toward it and paused, threatening to ignite it.
“If the left hand meets the right, we all die,” Kedric said enigmatically. Evander found himself suddenly indecisive. He couldn’t move; he couldn’t budge; the torch flirted with the powder-filled bag, moving closer and then pulling back, then closer.
“You’re crazy,” Evander said softly as he affixed his eyes to the torch and powder. He sheathed his sword and took a step toward Kedric. The noise of blades and screaming seemed to fade all around them as Evander drew near-perfectly focused. At first, Kedric shrunk away threateningly, but he seemed to relax when Evander put his hands behind his head. Closer, closer…
“Stop!” Kedric said as Evander was four feet away. Evander didn’t stop.
“No, Kedric,” Evander said while keeping perfect eye contact. “You’re already dead.” Kedric’s mind was too slow, trying to piece together what was happening, and before he could react, Evander had withdrawn Truth and sent it flying against Kedric’s wrist in one motion. There was a smack as the blunt end collided with Kedric’s arm, bending it back and throwing the bag of powder through the air. Both Kedric’s and Evander’s eyes followed it and then turned back to each other. There were no words in that half an instant, but a thousand threats were exchanged.
Evander felt an explosion of pain as something slammed into his stomach, and he wobbled backward. For once, Kedric had acted faster. A second pain erupted on the side of his head as Kedric’s lifetorch struck him again. It ached, and he felt dizzy, but he stepped back and raised Truth again, trying desperately to call the energy he’d had when he’d rescued Bria. It didn’t come. However, he did manage a simple block as Kedric sidestepped and swung again. Their lifeitems crashed against each other with force, an exchange of energy, and then they exchanged more blows, but now it was Evander’s turn to advance. He concentrated on Kedric and cut careful strokes toward him while evading his opponent’s blunt attacks.
For the first time in Evander’s life, he was actively trying to kill someone. A part of him really wanted to; Kedric deserved it. Evander wanted to give him pain and cut down the traitor who stood in the way of his freedom, but part of this animal raging inside him discomforted him.
Evander slashed into Kedric’s arm with superior initiative, spilling blood onto Truth and making Kedric reel back because of the pain. Evander moved forward, and then an unseen crushing blow racked against his ribcage, throwing him onto his back several feet away. All the lights flickered for a moment, and Evander lost himself transiently. When he found his feet again, the shriek of metal against metal was all too present. He found that at least Mazarin and Jazen were still alive, each holding their own; the others were nowhere to be found. Six swordsmen were already incapacitated, and as Kedric charged back toward Evander, Mazarin was busy taking on more opponents. Doubtless, he’d been the warrior to have already extinguished half their enemies.
Two others charged Evander with Kedric, probably more to escape Mazarin than anything else. Evander ran toward them, closing the gap, spinning Truth as he went. They moved to bar his path, and he spun awkwardly around them. The two over-lunged and missed, and Kedric slid forward, unable to stop fast enough. Evander turned swiftly and slapped the first swordsman across the face with Truth’s blunt end. The man stumbled back and collapsed.
Behind him, he heard fighting closer than ever.
The second took a few desperate swings, which Evander dodged, and then Evander tried the same maneuver on him. The man ducked as Evander swung, but by reacting quickly, Evander brought Truth down hard. The end of the hilt cracked against the man’s head, and he collapsed sideways. Evander flipped forward and turned to face Kedric. But Kedric was too busy fighting desperately with two of his last swordsmen against Mazarin, who was wrathfully tearing them apart and forcing them into a fast retreat.
Evander then turned to where Jazen had been overcome and ran to assist. He’d been backed into a corner, and although he was nimble enough to dodge effectively and could make several decent parries, mostly due to his extremely light sword, he was pinned. It was only a matter of time before his defenses were utterly beaten down. One of their swords cut part of his hair, and another stabbed shallowly into his arm. His clothes were cut and tattered in several places, and he was bleeding from more than a single nasty slash. Still, he didn’t seem to have taken any significant injuries yet, at least not potentially fatal ones.
His attackers, however, seemed completely uninjured—time to change that.
As Evander neared, he stumbled and caught his balance only out of luck. Under his feet, he felt the juices of a half-torn corpse that Fang had argued with. Evander ignored it, ignored the dead face that seemed so familiar, a face he’d seen passing in the halls or meetings or around the Complex perhaps dozens and dozens of times. He forced it from his mind as best he could but seeing it took the bloodlust out of him. Though he tried to ignore all the others as he threw himself quickly against the two men who were getting the best of Jazen, he didn’t really want to hurt anyone. But he knew he would because he knew he had to.
He struck the back of the surprised man’s neck with the hilt of his sword, slamming him into the ground, and then engaged the other. Jazen stepped aside, worn and ragged, as Evander fought Jazen’s last attacker one against one. They exchanged blows, and Evander quickly took advantage as the superior fighter. When that was clear, the swordsman dropped his sword and ran for the vent. Evander turned to see Mazarin chasing Kedric toward it as well, and nothing but bodies remained to object.
Evander regained his senses, and adrenaline left him. It was over. They’d won out; it was time to collect themselves and go. Already, Bria and Lavina came walking back into the street from hiding places, their pursuers having abandoned them a long time ago to help fight Mazarin. Bria looked slightly scratched, but Evander was overjoyed to see them both alive and well. “Mazarin, let’s go,” he called out. But his friend ignored him; he seemed intent on killing Kedric like he swore he would. He chased Kedric and took a well-calculated slice that narrowly missed as Kedric expertly dodged. Another stroke slowed Kedric’s escape, and this time, Fang’s tip cut into Kedric’s side, soaking it with blood that trickled down his hip.
“Go!” Evander said to Jazen, Lavina, and Bria as he pointed emphatically toward the opposite vent on the other side of the street. Two other swordsmen emerged, blades drawn, making their way quickly for the vent opening. He turned to see them as they ran, and then he couldn’t. Something metal bounced against the hard floor, and then smoke filled the gap. There was noise, lots of shooting, and a lot more smoke capsules dancing and exploding.
Evander held his breath and turned in the chaos, finding his way to the dim, almost unseeable figure of Mazarin still chasing Kedric, circling and maneuvering around the man, trying to keep him from his escape, despite the chaos and the choking, blinding gray mists. Evander ran toward Mazarin, pushing at his friend’s shoulder, coughing, and yelled, “We have to go! Now!”
Mazarin tensed but then stopped, watching as Kedric scurried away and disappeared into the vents, alive. The man’s disappointment and feeling of failure were so powerful, it even seemed to soak into Evander, but he pushed Mazarin, prodding him until he turned, and the two of them ran through the smoke toward where they knew the other vent was. Evander hoped the others had escaped when he told them to, but there was too much chaos to see for sure. The noise of guns and the dark figures of people with masks and lights combing through the chaos was horrifying. The noise of voices and people moving in the distance… Evander grabbed his bag and ran, sprinting as he’d never run before, and Mazarin kept pace. They pushed through two of the men and jumped into the vent, the panel already removed.
Evander found the panel resting inside the vent and snapped it back into position. Then he crawled down until he reached a large vent and ran, following the noise of the others’ footsteps. After they’d sprinted a far way off, he collapsed to the ground where they all rested. There, Evander was profoundly relieved to count four other living, breathing heads. Bria and Lavina looked haggard from running; Jazen was cut up badly but was being tended by Lavina and her healing token. Evander felt thrashed as he examined his bruises. Only Mazarin looked healthy with only a handful of scratches that may or may not have been from the fight. The fighter stood tall, his eyes blazing with life, looking ready to take on another ambush, but Evander desperately hoped they’d encountered their last traces of the Order forever. With several loyalists dead, wounded, and unconscious, it was now impossible for any of them ever to go back.


CHAPTER 24

Euphoria. Bliss. Confusion. Emptiness. Bitterness. Artemis dropped the pulsar. The excitement extinguished itself and yielded to the cold, hard taste of reality. Artemis kicked the pistol, and it flew across the vent several meters before scraping to a slow stop. He looked at it, barely visible from its distance against the lime-green light given off by Dawn. Its light seemed to have faded somewhat, and as he held it, it seemed to give only a faint glow, much weaker than ever. Perhaps he had confused them. Maybe he held Dusk; after all, Dusk had always been dimmer than Dawn before. He knew he hadn’t confused them, but he believed he had confused them, nonetheless. It made everything seem so much better. He spat and wobbled his way back toward the pulsar he’d kicked. He felt hungover, and his skull threatened to beat its way out of his head. He groaned, bent over, and retrieved his pistol. He vomited, felt dizzy, and rested himself against the wall. His eyes forced themselves shut, and he breathed in the cool air for some time; it relaxed him. It seemed to dull everything, and the numbness was pleasant.
Wasn’t there supposed to be something he was doing? He didn’t remember, and he didn’t care. Was he supposed to be somewhere? Something important—something important that didn’t matter. He slumped to the ground and sat still for a while; it was so peaceful.
And then he remembered.
He crawled toward the vent, subconsciously leaning more and more to the right as he went, and glanced through the slits. The street was dim, and the angle was poor, but he saw trails of smoke and a few men and women walking about in their black, silver-pinned uniforms. Most wore masks and helmets and carried heavy weaponry, but a few specialists had equipment he didn’t recognize. Artemis shook himself and tried to clear his head. There was a noise, like metal feet, and he decided that cybots were around as well. He leaned back, away from the panel, and cursed to himself. How had he botched up the assignment? He went, and he’d meant to be there. He’d even meant to stimulate himself and destroy Evander, something he’d wanted to do since the fool boy had taken his place as captain and taken Bria’s love. He cursed her name. He didn’t want Bria; he tried to convince himself. Bria was stupid.
But it was all over now. He’d have to go back and apologize and live the rest of his life with the raging regret that he threw away his right to vengeance—that justice as he knew it had been left undone, and he had to foot the bill for it.
He slid the panel subtly aside to get a better view and counted the corpses—nine. Six were clearly in body bags, and three were being dragged away on stretchers, clearly alive. Evander’s body was nowhere to be found. Evander had lived. Evander had escaped. Artemis had failed.
Artemis climbed to his feet and painfully made his way back toward the Complex, wondering why he’d ever even been spawned.

***

“The first strike must be tonight.”
“So, you have come to your senses?”
“No, I am far from them. I don’t have any of the information I need, at least not ALL of it. But I have enough that the strike will be meaningful.”
“I think I know what you mean. You mean you aren’t taking any chances, and you want everything to go, ENTITY personnel or not?”
“Yes. Burn it all down. Let them all pay. They’re all in this together, you know.”
“Um, well, yes, that’s what I choose to believe. Very well, if you carry out the operation, I’ll wire my sponsors back at home and try to get you additional chemicals for future, um, phenomena.”
“And for body armor, weapons, Fibersteel ore, superior computers, and everything else on the list.”
“Of course. All of it. Just get the job done.”
“Tonight. Yes, my men will begin the Ultimate Strike by commencing the first assault at 6:45 Postmeridian time here and 11:45 Postmeridian at the target.”
“Good.”
“I believe you’ll find it satisfactory.”
“Yes, let it be the beginning of the end. Quite… Who disturbs us?”
“I have just returned. I’m sorry, I… they got away. I wasn’t there—it was the problem again. I’m sorry. Evander lived, and…”
“Almost a dozen of my most loyal children are dead; can you explain this to me?”
“I failed Patriarch; I’m sorry.”
“We took away your captaincy, and still, you fail me. What does it take to get through to you?”
“Tell me to cut myself down, and I’ll do it. I don’t want to live anymore. I have shamed all that I esteem. Forgive me.”
“Get out of my presence!”
“Is there no redemption?”
“Track the renegades and kill them—ALL of them and bring me Evander’s head. Then I will pardon your crimes.”
“And how will I find them?”
“Kedric memorized their maps. Talk to him. Now, get out of my sight, you bastard child!”
“Yes, my father. And I vow I will die if I fail again.”

***

Torm left the Research Facility with Rachel’s warmth still against his clothes from their sterile departing embrace. He could still see her in his mind and feel her in each step he took. He knew it was foolish and vain to keep her on his mind, especially as he returned to his humble apartment. Why did he keep visiting her? He had long abandoned a life suitable for marriage; even if she weren’t a civilian, he now was. He could go through Vortin District as he pleased, but he didn’t live there. He didn’t call himself after his father’s name and so had neither a place to have a wife legally nor a name to offer her.
Not that it mattered. He was doubtless her best friend, but she didn’t love him. She couldn’t. She was drugged not to feel that way, even if she otherwise might have… she couldn’t. He cursed and then decided it was probably for the best. He had her dear friendship, and he couldn’t expect more than that. No, he shouldn’t want more than that. Their companionship was rich, even though it lacked the tender touches of a physical relationship, but it was rich, nonetheless. Despite that, he didn’t feel fulfilled. He’d rejected the life his father had given him, and now he’d become an empty shell. He’d chosen another life but never found it. He had no life.
He scratched his head emptily as he stood in line for the trolley. What now? He mis-stepped as he got in line and stumbled over a curb he didn’t see. It didn’t hurt, but his embarrassment only added to the bitter feeling coursing through him. The others around him chuckled a little, and his face reddened. And then he asked himself why? Why did he care what they thought? After that day, these people would probably never see or think of him again. Why was he so self-conscious? Why was he such a coward?
The coward’s way out was, of course, to accept reassignment to the outer world. Guard the trains and the mines, see the blue sky, and forget all the people left behind in the iron building; forget ENTITY, forget Father, and forget Rachel. He could suffocate the feelings he felt for her, or at least he could try. Time healed all wounds, after all, given enough of it.
But then he thought a second time. What was stopping him from taking what he truly wanted?
Torm boarded the trolley only somewhat coherent of his surroundings, and like a zombie, he followed the motions of booking, sitting, waiting, and watching for the stop; it was all automatic. He continued rethinking all the times and memories he had made with Rachel. Seven years of their rich but empty relationship, and it was destined to go nowhere from the first moment. Why was that? Why couldn’t he just stand up and try? He was never afraid when he’d fought deranged Wastelanders looting a cargo cache, or when he’d arrested a dangerous felon, or when he’d helped Gray. Why was he being overpowered by some phantom inner coward when he thought of his father? He knew it would be brash to stand up to his father, but thinking of Gray, he remembered he’d been brash before. It was all or nothing now; he couldn’t endure another moment of this insipid half-and-half; it was all or nothing.
Willow Lane came and went, and he remained on the Trolley until it made its long pass through the city and bent back around toward the Honor Districts. He tried to collect his thoughts, and before he knew it, he found himself crossing the long, elegant walkway of his father’s estate.
His mind drew a blank; he didn’t know what he was doing, merely acting the part that had been nagging him for months, maybe years. Finally, he couldn’t resist it anymore. He was fulfilling his inner agony. Even if his desire wasn’t met and he was rejected, at least he would have tried. Yes, it was better to try.
When he reached the door, he was admitted readily, and he waited in the large entryway as a servant raced ahead to inform his father of his arrival. The few moments it took were the longest strides of forever he’d ever encountered. His eyes traced the large marble archways as his head struggled to pull itself together. He knew his feelings, but how did he compose them into clear thoughts, harder yet, words? The home was elegant and pristine but cold. All life, it seemed, had left it the day Torm’s mother had died—the day that had changed things forever.
“Torm?” a deep voice said from a darkened doorway. “So, my prodigal son has returned.”
“Father,” Torm replied as calmly as he could.
The two men looked at each other for a few minutes. Lord Vortin descended the staircase and stopped a few meters away. Their eyes locked, and for a tiny moment, there seemed to be a hint of challenge between them, then it dissipated.
“Torm, I assume you didn’t come only to stand like an idiot and stare.”
“No, no, I didn’t,” Torm said weakly.
“I’m not stupid; something troubles you. Out with it, fool boy,” Velix said, much kinder than Torm expected, actually. Torm was surprised his father had even the eyes to notice concern in his forgotten son.
For an instant, Torm realized he wasn’t fully committed yet. He hadn’t said a word and knew that he could easily invent another reason and leave the house with whatever blessing he still had. He didn’t have to make a fool of himself. But then he realized that, in truth, he was committed before he’d ever even entered the manor house.
“Father, I have been thinking about asking to be assigned to one of the away forces, perhaps the ones near the Great Chasm or perhaps one of the units stationed at Redcliff, where I could keep an eye on the Convicts, as well as help protect the mining trains.”
“What sort of foolishness are you talking about?” Velix interrupted suddenly, “you performed your tour of duty more than once. But you said you weren’t ever going back out again. What is the meaning of this?” A surprising passion seemed to drip from his father’s hoarse, somewhat aged voice.
“I can explain,” Torm said, judging his father’s reaction. The crimson hue overcoming the older man’s face was enough to confirm that Velix was taking the bait after all—a lure Torm never expected to work.
“I am giving you direct orders to remain within Civilization. If I catch word of you asking to be reassigned, I will personally see that you are denied. And believe me, I can.”
“Father,” Torm said, forcing a tone of indignance.
“Idiot, Torm! The case is closed,” Velix said sharply.
“But I’m not finished,” Torm persisted.
Both men fell silent for a moment. Velix’s stare was livid but unreadable.
“I was not asking for your approval,” Torm said. “If I choose to leave, there is nothing you could do to stop me. Remember? You tried that when I decided to become a Guardian instead of continuing the Vortin tradition, and you couldn’t. Everything you wanted in life was handed to you on a platter, even Mom…”
“TORM!”
“Even Mom and then me, and I was the one thing you could not take dominion over, the one thing you couldn’t control, and you have always hated me for it,” the words felt good to say, even if they were just the spewing of a vent long overdue.
Surprisingly, Velix didn’t lash back. Maybe the mention of Mom and her memory, or perhaps something else. For whatever reason, he concealed his anger and didn’t shout back. Torm watched him, watched Velix’s cunning stare try to pierce him. Try to discover what Torm was driving at, why he had come.
Torm let his curiosity build for a few seconds and then handed the fish to the dolphin.
“There is one thing that would make me stay forever; something that would make me return to Vortin District—the only thing that could change what I am and what I have done to myself.”
Velix looked intrigued more than angry now. His expressionless face turned into a nasty grin, and he spoke only the simple word, “What?”
“The same thing that made you what you are, the absence that tore you into what you’ve become,” Torm paused, searching his mind for the right words.
Velix looked irritated, “What?”
“A woman. A simple but irreplaceable woman, except my lady, who I would like to court in you and your fathers' traditions, is restricted. A restriction you may influence, but I cannot.”
“Such as?”
“For starters, she cannot feel the way I feel. It isn’t that she wouldn’t, but that she couldn’t,” Torm said vaguely.
“Stop spitting riddles at me!” Velix said agitatedly.
Torm relented, “Her nutrient line is tapped. She’s a civilian and a scientist, so she consumes the drugs exposed to all civilians, the same medication that leaves physical development intact but suppresses specific emotional tendencies; more specifically, it prohibits love.”
Silence. Everything was on the line now. It was all over.
“And I suppose you want me to declare her a person, have her line untapped, pull her from the facility, and give her my blessing, is that all?” Velix said sarcastically.
“More or less,” Torm said, and he bit his lip. Velix was practically fuming.
“You aren’t content to destroy my dynasty. Now you want to destroy my pride and my identity! All to roll around with some woman who knows no better? How dare you!”
The words sank in and stung. Torm realized that his father didn’t understand at all. He knew nothing. His mother had been gone so long. Velix’s very self had turned away from love; he couldn’t even remember what it was. A blocked memory, another self, now it was nothing other than a good night, and then it ended. Was he that foolish?
“Don’t you remember Mom?” Torm said, keeping back the tears from his own eyes as a thousand memories came to mind—from the few good times they’d had to the many poor ones. He remembered being a small child, the painful voice of his mother screaming as Velix beat her… and finally, her death. Her absence had worsened Velix, destroyed him before Torm ever could have. “Don’t you remember what you did for her?” He breathed deeply, resisting all urges to break under emotional stress, “Remember what you did to her?”
At first, Velix made for his son, a strong clenched jaw and arms raised to harm, and then they collapsed at his sides. Velix broke down and turned away, not in tears but not strong. His back bowed, showing his ever-concealed hunched form, and his eyes sunk downward. He had never broken before. Torm was shocked and almost ashamed of forcing this on a distraught man, but it was no less than Velix deserved. He’d caused so much pain. Torm didn’t back down.
After several long minutes, Velix spoke. His voice was stable but quiet and strained. “And, if I allow you to court this commoner. Then, you’ll come back? You’ll make up for what you did and be my son again? You will come back and live in my District right away.”
“Consider it done,” Torm said firmly.
Velix climbed the steps, much slower than he’d descended them. The man seemed broken like a piece had been pulled from him, but he seemed to gain strength as he went. For the first time in Torm’s life, he pitied the man. Then he turned and left the estate. He felt odd. But for finding his spine and forcing his dream, he was floating for the moment. Nothing was certain. Perhaps Rachel wouldn’t even find him attractive or share his dream, and it would take days, weeks, maybe months for the drugs to leave her system altogether, but despite all the darkness, the future looked brighter than ever. And for that moment, Torm felt like he’d finally grown from a boy to a man. Years and years late, but he’d done it. And he won.

***

The fivesome coursed their hapless way through the narrow rectangular passageways. It had been very slow travel without the assistance of the maps and charts. Still sharp in everyone’s mind was the image of Kedric putting them to the flame. Evander pushed forward, and the group followed. If he was going the right way, the way that he’d tried to burn to his memory, then they were fine. No one voiced an objection, but other than himself and Kedric, no one really knew the route. Evander tried to comfort himself with the knowledge that they all still had their bags. They still had their two-week rations if it came down to it.
As he interchanged from climbing to walking, his hand brushed Truth’s smooth, glossy hilt, and he wondered how he’d let Kedric snatch it from him unknowingly. When his sword was gone, it felt like a part of him was missing. He was a puzzle with a vacancy for a piece torn away. And as he thought it over, he realized how uncouth the whole operation had been. Sure, they’d escaped, at least for the moment, and were still alive. But that didn’t mean they hadn’t put themselves in a place of unnecessary risk. Several times in that encounter, any one of them could have died, perhaps all of them. As it was, they were cut up. Though the small scratches healed themselves quickly, the larger ones were patched and mended but still painful. Evander still ached from a horridly bruised rib while Jazen continually moaned from taking the worst beating of them all.
In a way, Evander felt like he’d been the one to betray them. After all, he’d trusted Kedric, and he’d led them all into the trap, shepherding the innocents to their would-be deaths.
They had traveled a considerable distance, and hearing the heavy huffing from both Lavina and Jazen, who were unaccustomed to traveling the ductwork for long stretches, he motioned for the group to stop and rest. He saw most of them sit down and lean against the wall. Mazarin was resolute, and being the ever-dependable rearguard that he was, he paced back a ways to keep a sharp eye. Evander turned and walked ahead of the group a short distance, isolating himself. As he walked, he felt a small hand curl around his elbow. He spun to see Bria’s silent, teary eyes.
“They’re dead, aren’t they?” As she spoke, Evander knew it wasn’t a question. “We murdered them. We murdered our brothers.”
Evander felt the same way inside, but her words made him feel defensive. After all, they hadn’t been the aggressors.
“Bria, it’s not our fault; we did everything we could.” He meant to comfort her, but he sounded too sharp.
“We killed them, Evander. Because of us, because of what we wanted, they’re dead. Is it really worth it?”
He didn’t know how to reply. There was no right answer. He didn’t know if it was worth it; he didn’t know anything. Only that he wanted something, and he went for it, cutting down the people who tried to stop him. Did that greed-lust make him a murderer?
No.
It wasn’t enough.
NO! He forced himself to believe. It was in defense! He never wanted them dead. And he didn’t kill any of them. He simply knocked them out… he wasn’t a murderer. “Bria,” he said with energy, “you can’t fight an idea with an army. We have proven that. Freedom. The core and route of what we’ve all wanted and never had. I can’t say I understand it, but I can’t live another day without it, without knowing that I’m trying to gain it at least.”
He pulled her mechanically into his arms. As he held her tight and she rested her head forward on his shoulder, he let the silence speak the words he didn’t know how to say. They still had their dream, and they still had each other. After a while, Bria whispered, “I know, Evan; I know,” and they left it at that. They stood there for several minutes before Bria slowly moved away, heading back toward the rest of the group. When she did, Evander turned to gaze down the blackened vents, wanting to pierce them with his eyes. The way was unknown, and what the path held was unknown, but he realized that all the fear was simply in not knowing. He took a step forward. If he could take a step forward for what he wanted, believing that it was possible to obtain it eventually, he knew he could brave whatever mysteries the way had hidden.
He called the group together, and they continued their journey. Destiny unknown, they resumed their march into the darkness. Evander was more determined than ever to find the way out.


CHAPTER 25

Mazarin didn’t like the way the group frequently stopped their progress for Evander to scout ahead. If only Kedric hadn’t taken the maps, he wouldn’t have to waste a lot of time, which he didn’t need to rest, standing guard in the idle, empty silence. Once again, Evander had slipped ahead of the group, and for a long time, Mazarin waited with prickled hairs and sharp ears for something interesting to happen.
After what felt like hours, he could hear Evander returning. The rapping of his boots against the metal floor was profoundly un-stealthy, and despite being the farthest away, Mazarin was alerted to Evander’s arrival before anyone else. Mazarin walked back toward the center of the group and met Evander halfway. The other man seemed an awkward blend of puzzled and relieved, but he kept whatever concerns he had to himself.
“Okay, I’ve scouted it out, and we have to make a decision,” Evander said. There were a few groans from the immobile group, but no one spoke. “Everybody up!”
Mazarin chuckled as he watched the others struggle to obey the instruction. First, Jazen moaned as he was resting against one of the walls, his much-needed healing nap interrupted; he shook himself awake, looked up groggily, and wobbled to his feet. Most of his wounds seemed to have relented and faded to only a fraction of what they had been, but as penance, he seemed thrice as tired as any of the rest.
Except for Lavina. Mazarin couldn’t explain what made her seem so pale and weak. Perhaps the vent travel was especially hard on her, but she’d taken no injuries and seen no fighting. She’d run for a bit, but she’d had hours to rest. No, she seemed unnaturally weak, and thinking about it gave Mazarin the chills. He helped her to her feet. And then Bria, who’d been sitting awake, sprang to her feet without much difficulty, but Mazarin could see a sort of unpleasantness in her usually sparkling eyes. She was distraught about something; perhaps she too would have liked a longer rest.
As for himself, he felt great. His body had already healed the few cat scratches he’d taken, and the excitement from the fight was enough to invigorate him, a rush he doubted he’d ever be able to relive.
“Come on, up and out,” Evander was saying. Jazen and Lavina seemed hesitant and sluggish but made their way back into line. Mazarin fell back to the rear and waited for the rest.
“Does anyone know what time it is?” Bria said.
“Or even what day?” Lavina said.
“You know we all dropped our watches,” Jazen replied with a yawn.
“I know what time it is,” Evander said, and everyone looked at him. “Time to get moving.” He fulfilled the necessary but ever-unpopular role of the taskmaster.
Evander looked them all over briefly and then continued, “I’m going to reiterate a few points of our plan, now that I have double-checked the path to the Echo Terminal Waygate.”
It was the authoritative captain voice of Evander that Mazarin had grown so used to hearing and tuning out over the past several weeks. “It’s part of the plan to force entrance into the cargo compartments of the mining train that’s leaving Echo Terminal Waygate at 8:00 Antemeridian. I worked on those trains back when I was a mechanic, and that much should be easy. Just under the hull is a maintenance hatchway; using it, you can get into a secondary cargo compartment. We could stow away in there.”
“So, what’s the problem?” Jazen said, and he seemed much more coherent than moments before.
“The only trouble is traveling from the street where the vent opens up and getting under the train without being seen before the train leaves.” Evander paused to catch his breath. “I know we’ve all street-hopped before, but it’ll be much harder in a secure place like a train loading zone. Guardians everywhere!”
Mazarin felt bored, so he interrupted, “Rookie, we could just walk out the Waygate. I mean, the soldiers don’t stand a chance. It would be simple; besides, it would be exciting. You could be a hero.”
Evander looked miffed, “I could be a bonehead. That’s a stupid idea.”
“Think about it,” Mazarin said, “hiding and sneaking around; that’s what they’d expect us to do. Attacking them straight on is the last thing they’d think of, so it’s the best course of action!” Mazarin didn’t really believe it; an army of Guardians was a bit more than he felt confident dealing with but not by too much. Still, it was an enticing idea.
There was a brief pause as the others gaped at him incredulously. Mazarin chuckled, knowing they were taking him entirely seriously. “Come on, guys; relax, lighten up,” he said, looking at each of their stony faces in sequence.
“I believe we already ruled fighting out as an option,” Evander said flatly.
“However,” it was the interjecting voice of Jazen. “I mean, while we’re on the subject of alternatives, we could probably force entry into a computer terminal. Within seven minutes, I bet I could re-program the computers to allow the gate to malfunction and open with enough time for us to get through,” he said, his voice full of intrigue.
In response, there were ambivalent murmurs, and Mazarin took a moment to spit on him.
“Don’t take offense,” Evander said, politely voicing the opinion of all the others, “but how certain are you that you would even be able to?” Evander asked.
“Only mostly,” Jazen admitted, “But I bet I could do it.”
“Okay, that idea’s burned, next,” Mazarin said.
“We’re wasting time,” Evander said, a little disgusted sounding; the silence of the others affirmed their agreement more than anything.
They again moved out, following Evander through the tunnels. Their travels revealed more and more twists and turns, and when they passed them, even more twists and turns. The monotony was irritating, and Mazarin wanted more than anything to see the city lights and feel the street's open space. At least it seemed like Evander knew where he was going, so he kept his complaints to himself and kept moving with the rest.
Maybe an hour later, the group came to a halt. As he stopped, Mazarin thought he heard someone else stop far behind him. He whirled and cast Fang’s blue light down the vent-way and saw no one. Echoes were irritating.
When they moved again, Mazarin found himself more aware and cautious, even though there wasn’t any real reason to be. Something just felt odd; he hated the sensation of foreboding. Either he wanted to feel peaceful or be in the middle of a fight; the eerie pauses in transition were disturbing. Another handful of minutes, and the group came to another stop. Evander about-faced and motioned ahead. “Just down this vent is the entrance to the nearest alleyway leading to the Waygate,” he whispered unnecessarily, and Mazarin had to give him his full focus to make out the exact words. “With a little luck, we won’t have to worry about there being Guards inside the alleyway; however, the train is most likely guarded, so, before we do anything else, we have to count the patrols.”
Nobody said anything. The plan seemed fine enough to them. Everyone was simply anxious to get on the street and be rid of the wind-ridden vents forever.
“We’ll have to go one at a time. Bria, you go first and scout it out for us,” Evander said.
Mazarin watched Bria head down the vent, and some small part of him was jealous. He preferred being a fighter much more than her sneaking ability, but he really wanted out of the vent. Others might condemn her role as dangerous, but for the moment, Mazarin considered it lucky. After all, she got to escape the ductwork's enclosed walls before any of the rest of them.
As Bria disappeared into the darkness, Evander called out, “Bria, if you can get the time while you’re out there, that would be good. We need to know how much time we have before 8:00 when the train leaves.”
“Okay,” her soft voice echoed back, and she faded away.
“And one last thing, Bria,” Evander said. She walked back into sight and looked at Evander expectantly. “Be careful.”
She shook her head in pseudo-irritation, flashed back a charming smile, and then vanished for real. A lot of time passed—too much of it. Mazarin didn’t know how much time, but any time standing and waiting around was too much. He and the others held back in silence. Everyone wanted her to return so they could get their chance to hop out into the street, Guards or not.
After a while, he saw his friend Evander looking nervous. He was pacing and fidgeting, though he clearly was trying to hide it, and Mazarin laughed internally.
“Let it go, mate,” he said to Evander. “Bria will be fine. She knows what she’s doing; just take it easy.”
Evander looked affronted for a moment, but when the words and their intent soaked in, he relaxed considerably. “That’s the ticket,” Mazarin said. Evander’s eyes still looked worried, but Mazarin doubted anyone else could see that, so he didn’t say another word about it.
And then they heard the sound of light footfalls running toward them, and Bria reappeared from beneath her darkened chameleon cloak.
“Evander,” she said when she was fully visible, “we’re clear now, but we only have a few minutes. I think they’re changing the Guards.”
“What time is it?” Evander asked.
“It was 7:50, but now it has to be at least 7:53.”
Evander’s head dropped and slapped against the palm of his hand. “That’s not a shift in the Guards; they’re boarding the train. It leaves in six or seven minutes! Let’s not waste any time! Bria, can we all go at once, or do we have to slip out in pairs, or?”
Mazarin thought he heard something from behind. “Evander,” he tried to interrupt.
“Later, Mazarin,” Evander waved him off, “save it for the train; we have to get going!” He looked a little panicked. Evander picked up his pack and moved quickly down the vent toward the way Bria had come. “Bria, Lavina, Jazen, with me,” he said.
“We have to slip out in as small of groups as we can,” Bria said, “There’s plenty of hiding room under the hull while we wait for you to undo the hatch, but there are a lot of passersby that would notice a group our size.”
Mazarin held his rearguard stance as the group shuffled forward. There was a choking noise from behind, like a cough-wail, and Mazarin spun to see… nothing. His eyes alertly darted from side to side, but everything looked normal.
“Did you hear that?” he said to Jazen.
The other man raised an eyebrow. “Hear what?”
“Never mind,” Mazarin said. After all, they would be on the street in a moment.
“Okay, Bria and Lavina, go!” Evander could be heard from the front. The panel had been removed, and he held it in place, keeping it away only as someone dropped down to the street, then he returned it. Both women dropped to the ground safely, and Bria led Lavina around a corner, and they disappeared. “Okay, Jazen, go!” Mazarin watched Jazen disappear as Evander removed the panel.
There was an unmistakable noise from behind. Mazarin spun around, seeing nothing, but waited, frozen in place, hairs prickling with suspense. It unnerved him to be the prey instead of the hunter.
“Okay, Mazar, go!” Evander said from behind.
“Beat it, Rookie!” Mazarin said as a motion just outside Fang’s revealing light caught his eye. He could sense that Evander stayed still, trying to gauge what he was picking up on.
A whisper in the wind, unclear and barely audible, said, “Step aside… this blade is for Evander.” Mazarin wasn’t sure it had been anything other than his imagination, and he knew it didn’t reach Evander’s ears, but he followed his impulses. Not sure of anything, he simply acted. He turned, kicked the panel away, and shoved Evander through the vent opening. Evander’s alarmed, tense body looked up in surprise as it fell toward the street. “I’ll see you on the ship,” Mazarin said. And as he turned back around, it happened. He felt his back arch backward and the tingle of something very sharp press against his neck but not draw blood. His attacker’s other arm encircled Mazarin’s chest, leaving him helpless.
“Call for Evander,” Artemis’s voice whispered.
Mazarin disliked the hot breathing against his ear and felt more ashamed than alarmed. How could he have been caught with his britches down?
Mazarin didn’t say or do anything right away. He had to think his way out, something he did much better with a sword at his fingertips.
“Why do you want Evander? You have me,” Mazarin said.
“Evander destroyed my life and took it for his own. My fight is with him, not you,” the dark voice said.
“You’re wrong,” Mazarin said, feeling Artemis’s grip tighten, “I ruined you. I was your friend, and I abandoned you. I took Evander in your place. I made him what he is; your fight is with me.”
Artemis growled slightly, then said, “Liar, you are nothing but a poor acquaintance and a fool. Tell me where Evander went, or I’ll spill your blood here.”
“Go ahead,” Mazarin said, relaxing his body. He knew Artemis had no chance of overcoming Evander since he had wasted all his time trying to get information from Mazarin. And without that information, he didn’t even know where to start.
“Don’t try my patience,” Artemis said, and Mazarin felt the knife stroke his neck gently. A few droplets of blood leaked from it, but the skin was only barely cut. Slowly, very slowly, Mazarin raised his right arm toward Artemis’s dagger hand, every motion subtle and unseeable. Ready…
“Evander is,” he knew he had to throw Artemis’ mind for a loop and catch him off-guard, “going to the Lord Protector. He had a deal.” He felt Artemis’s grip change slightly as he absorbed this new information, then Mazarin acted. His hand snatched Artemis’s wrist, and his other arm came around the man’s head. Mazarin bowed forward and hurled Artemis over his back and into the air. Artemis’s body tensed, flailed, and crashed into the far side of the vent, where it sank to the ground in a heap. Mazarin wiped the blood from his neck as his body healed the minor scratch, and he retrieved Fang from the ground. It burned blue with menace.
In an instant, Artemis was back on his feet, not one but now both green-brimming daggers flashed to life in his firm hands. The fiery blue and green mixture illuminated their dark surroundings as the two eyed each other, sidestepping but not attacking.
“This isn’t your fight, Mazarin,” Artemis said coldly.
“As a true friend, I’ll stand in Evander’s place,” Mazarin replied, his tone deadly.
“Nobility, the great deceiver.” Artemis leaped like a cat, one foot rebounding off the wall, and brought both daggers down like talons.
Mazarin reacted, raising to block and stepping back. Artemis continued to dance and strike, trying to get in close enough, while Mazarin kept backing away, making simple parries and dodges. Mazarin used his blade simply to keep Artemis out of range. The vents were too confining for much else, and Fang was an impressively large sword. Large enough that Mazarin guided its flight with difficulty to avoid crashing into the walls and ceiling. Defensive fighting had never been his way, and with each stroke and jab from his opponent, he was retreating more and more, deeper and deeper into the vents.
“What’s the matter? Have you turned into a pussy cat?” It was clear that Mazarin hadn’t made any outstanding attacks. Something made him hesitate to lash out against Artemis.
Every time their blades clashed, he was driven back. Mazarin knew he was forced to either yield or strike for real. Collecting his courage and hate for the man his oldest friend had become, he struck out a violent and powerful slash that would have torn through a door, but Artemis tumbled impressively. With Fang down, Artemis cut in before Mazarin had time to do little more than bring the sword back to position. One swift dagger flew quickly toward his neck, and Mazarin thrust Fang sideward, pinning the green-lit edge against the wall. But its twin soared for his navel unobstructed.
He released his pin on the first dagger, lurched around, and, in a circular motion, sent a well-executed kick swiftly against Artemis’s wrist, which knocked the dagger loose. It collapsed to the floor with an audible scrape, and Artemis backed up a fair distance.
Mazarin shot him a taunting smile.
Artemis’s eyes met his dangerously, and then he was on the attack again but reduced to only the single dagger. Mazarin brought Fang down hard a second time, knowing Artemis couldn’t parry a hard blow without both daggers, but Artemis slid to safety, retrieved his dagger, and rolled to his feet in one impressive blur of movement. Faster than Mazarin had seen anyone move before, ever.
They locked blades again, both faster and more determined than before. The exchange was brutal, neither gaining the obvious advantage for long before the other turned it around and in the intense heat, sparks flew off their blades. One lit Mazarin’s cloak ablaze, and he had to yield his initiative to rip it off and stamp it out while blocking two lightning lunges. But he was driven back again and around a corner. There, he tried to hold his ground by using the junction as a strong point to focus on his counterattacks. Even his fastest strokes were ducked and quickly turned around on him; both fiery daggers glowed like evil blades in their own limelight. Again, he retreated; now the blades were much closer to him, and even though he could perform an adequate parry, Fang was awkward enough that, despite his finesse, he was having much more trouble dodging the faster weapons.
Then Artemis unleashed himself all out. A raging blur of motion, his arms almost undecipherable, he threw himself from wall to wall, striking with dirty tactics at defenseless areas. Mazarin took a nasty scrape against his arm, followed by another as Dusk slid against his side, almost a successful lunge. Even Fang seemed smeared in motion as it volleyed from angle to angle to block or make careful cuts in counterstrike, desperate to anticipate the daggers’ movements before they could make them. But for all it was worth, Artemis was faster. Again, Mazarin found himself surrendering ground. The corner he’d abandoned was at least ten meters gone, and he wondered how much more space he had before this particular vent narrowed and became inaccessible.
After a solid advance of steadily attacking, Artemis finally backed off. Mazarin took the moment as a much-demanded reprieve for his arms that were bulging with an ache for the pace they’d been forced to keep Fang moving.
When a few seconds passed, and Artemis hadn’t started back on the offensive, Mazarin advanced and readied his blade but then stayed it when Artemis made no motion to block it. Instead, the man stayed bent forward, his hands resting against his knees, and he coughed violently. Phlegm and blood spat from his mouth and made a small puddle as he began to shake. The shivers grew worse quickly, and before long, the shaking became violent. Mazarin watched, perfectly still, unsure what to do or think.
Artemis’s eyes seemed distant, and his face blanched, his lips an unmistakable and sickly purple. When the coughing fit stopped, and he regained normal breaths, he appeared to be mumbling something. And despite the man he had become, in the depths of his sea-like blue eyes, Mazarin saw the man who’d become his first true friend years and years ago, and he pitied him. Fang slumped to his side, and his jaw opened to speak, but he couldn’t force any words.
“Need… nee… I… nee…” Artemis’s voice was soft and incoherent but desperate. Artemis convulsed in an unpredictable spasm and then collapsed to the floor, looking incredibly weak. His thick black hair was tangled in his fingertips as he pulled at it, and both daggers had fallen to the ground at his sides.
Mazarin didn’t feel laughter inside himself. He was cold and empty, but his free spirit left him as he saw a once dear friend, always a man of strength, broken and destroyed right before his very eyes.
Then, Artemis lay still.
Mazarin wondered what had just happened. As he thought, his mind was able to conclude nothing. He looked down at his immobile comrade and found he could scarcely move.
“Please…” a raspy whisper said from the floor, “help me…”
Mazarin moved forward curiously, half-convinced this was some sort of elaborate and stupid trick. He shifted Fang forward and carefully moved it toward Artemis to prod him with the dull side. Before he could, it was pushed away by a flash of green light leaping from a dagger that Artemis ripped upward as he jumped back to his feet. “I beg your help, and still, you try to kill me.” Artemis’s reaction had been fast, but his legs shuddered, and Mazarin knew that only the rage and chaos boiling in Artemis’s head gave him the energy to stand and fight again.
“No,” Mazarin said, “not kill you.”
His words were nothing but air. Artemis’s eyes flashed with seismic discord, and all rational thinking had left his mind.
Mazarin attacked, not because he wanted to harm his friend, but because he wanted his pain to end. Artemis was dying, and each passing moment only held him to the torture-rack of life longer. Fang struck with a speed it never had before, but the two daggers still met it halfway and deflected the attack. Mazarin followed it up by a second, third, fourth, and final blow. The whole series of careful, quick, and deadly strikes forced Artemis into awkward footing to perform desperate and lucky dodges and blocks that drained him each time.
“No… no…” Artemis said in a raspy, half-dead voice, and both daggers fell to his sides as he stumbled back.
Dawn, the dimmer dagger, slipped from Artemis’s fingers and crashed to the floor; its light burned to nothing before leaving his touch. It crashed with a chilling clatter, and then there was perfect silence. Artemis didn’t reach for it, didn’t move, didn’t even look down at it. He simply met Mazarin’s gaze eerily with a spacey wide-eyed stare.
Then Artemis unbuttoned a cargo pocket and withdrew a tiny silver pistol. He fingered it curiously, indecisively, as his hand shook. Mazarin said nothing, did nothing, but at last, he understood why Artemis had been so powerful in the fighting and why Artemis had become so weak.
Mazarin felt like an observer as Artemis seemed to move whatever fighting spirit he had left deep into his own head, pulling himself from reality. After a time, his white knuckles tightened solidly around the pistol, and with a crunch, it was destroyed. Artemis dropped it and looked weak. Mazarin moved forward to help support him, but Artemis raised a weary hand to stop him.
“It is done now,” Artemis said.
Mazarin couldn’t get himself to say anything, but his eyes spoke for him.
“Now, the healing can begin,” Artemis said hoarsely. As Mazarin stared into Artemis’s eyes, he saw the same man who’d led them as captain with honor for years, the strongest man in the Order. It was time for that man to return at last.
But Artemis raised Dusk awkwardly to his own throat, and Mazarin, without understanding, moved to stop him. Artemis looked at him pallidly and whispered, “Let me go.”
And Mazarin felt himself stop. His hand that would have snatched away the dagger collapsed at his side against his will. He wanted to save Artemis’s life, to help him restore himself, but some other force deep inside took control. It told him that Artemis was too far gone and to let him go in peace with the dignity of the moment.
“Tell Evander, I’m sorry,” Artemis said with difficulty, “sorry,” he repeated as if he didn’t understand the word, “and to be for Bria what I failed to become.”
He coughed up more blood. “And old friend,” his eyes sharpened, and he forced a weak smile, “Don’t be like me.”
There was a long pause.
“Don’t do what I did.” And then Dusk’s blade buried itself into Artemis’s chest. A stream of blood erupted, he screamed and bent in pain, and Mazarin saw a gleam of light shine from Dawn as Artemis fell on it, then it faded. He turned away respectfully and listened to the noises of death overcoming life. When at last silence had fallen, he turned back around.
Artemis had left, and in his place lay a cold, bloody, lifeless shell of a man whom Mazarin knew had lived the worst life of any he’d known.
Whatever hate or grudge he’d harbored against Artemis faded at that moment, never to return. Despite himself, Mazarin felt a tear break through his impenetrable eyes and dampen his face as it trickled silently.
He removed a large tarp from his bag and gently rolled Artemis inside it. The last thing he saw before tying the knot around the top was the peaceful expression on Artemis’s face, a look that hadn’t crossed it in so long that Mazarin couldn’t even remember.
As he moved the body bag over, his hands brushed against the two green stones that had once gleamed from the hilts of his daggers, which now were nowhere to be seen. Mazarin collected them; the dark, dusky emerald and lime green dawn stone both found a new home cushioned by cloth in a pocket of his bag.
At the moment, nothing mattered. He was too moved by what had happened to do anything. Eventually, he sheathed his sword, collected his things, lifted the body bag with care, and walked toward the vent panel. Only then did it occur to him that he’d long since missed the train, but somehow, that didn’t seem to matter.


CHAPTER 26

Like a candle, the torch flame licked the fuse, and then the quickmatch zipped. Kedric stood still and waited. About a mile away, a deafening explosion could be heard as the plastic explosives ignited. It echoed through the vent he was in, and no doubt had even rocked many of the nearby districts, but it had only begun to affect all of them.
The war was declared in earnest now.
He felt dizzy and light-headed, and before long, was choking as the air in the vents dissipated. He pressed the mask over his face and turned the knob, feeling immediate relief.
The Ultimate Strike had begun.

***


He’d heard the sirens a while before, and within half-an-hour, his screen closed what he was doing and activated its own program. At first, he was angry and swore violently at the computer; after all, he hadn’t saved and wasn’t sure his task had a freeze-recovery program, but when his eyes and ears absorbed what the new message was, he didn’t give his project a second thought.
Both computers in his office displayed the program, and doubtless, all computers attached to the Network did the same.
Travis watched in horror as images of an exploded facility, black and charred, blown to bits, alternated on the screen. The video clip of a nearby camera that had been undisturbed by the blast retold the story of a peaceful air pump facility’s unpredictable destruction.
“The insurgents allegedly used plastic explosives to generate the blast. The calculated radius was one-eighth of a mile, and aside from minor damage to one of Civilization’s walls, nothing else was destroyed. The facility, unfortunately, will have to be completely reconstructed. But if this simple task wasn’t gross enough, its after-effects were a tale of death that no one was ready for.”
Travis hated the over-dramatic tone in the news.
“The eight workers running the facility were the first to die by the blast, but within fifteen minutes, the third Western District known as Whitecliff lost all of its airflow. The problem has recently been rectified, but not before the population, who could not escape, all died. Five-thousand persons were able to escape the district into others but close to one-hundred-thousand persons suffocated to death. No link has yet been established for operative or motive, but Blackmask is working…”
Travis turned the screens off and let his face sink to his hands. How could this happen? He had no doubt in the world that this horrible event was directly related to the murderous insurgent Hybrids, who he had so far failed to stop. Distantly, that made him responsible for the deaths of a hundred-thousand people. He spat and stood up. He wouldn’t take responsibility, but he’d sure as life heap it on the party who deserved it.
His hard work on the Tribunal case had paid off in that he and his team had established an identity for the intruder who’d disrupted the judicial proceedings. Gray Ervoni.
Travis had no doubt that Gray was in league with the Hybrids and was working for them. That was to say unless he wasn’t one anyway. After all, who was to say who was and wasn’t a Hybrid in disguise. Clearly, they have eyes and operatives, and their virus-like effect was a network far deeper and more profound than Travis or anyone else had ever given them credit for. How long would it take for them to strike again? Was it destined to be self-destructive? Would they try to destroy all of Civilization?
Finally, he realized what was necessary and embraced it. The only course of action was complete extermination. Nip the problem in the bud, only now it wasn’t a cat and mouse game. It wasn’t swatting flies. It was kill or be killed.
There was a beep, and the lights Blue, Blue, Blue flashed, indicating a message from the Council. Travis walked back to his computer, sat down, and activated it. Apparently, the news flash was over.
“Travis, have you heard what happened?” the disgruntled face of the Lord Protector said. “This could mean revolution on the part of the Council. I’m going to take care of Sirveaux, but that doesn’t mean someone else won’t rise up. I can’t have this on my hands.”
“So, you’re handing it to me?” Travis said boldly.
“Take it or leave it, but just realize that if you can put this to an end once and for all, the rest of your life will be taken care of for you, but if you can’t, you won’t have a rest of your life to worry about.”
Travis gulped but refused to look intimidated.
“We need to eradicate them once and for all. Yesterday, Blackmask broke up a fight between the Hybrids, and they captured three of them alive. They’ve been forced into deep unconsciousness or comas, but I want you to see to their interrogations when they come to personally. Find out where the Hybrid nest is and how far they’ve spread. Find out everything, then talk to me again, and we’ll arrange for a special assault team. Tell Alice to get some of your special cybots ready; we’ll be needing them. But let her know you’re in charge now.”
The screen clicked off.
He directly typed the few commands it took to send Alice a message and waited for her to activate her screen. Her face appeared, and he filled her in on the details.
“I knew about the captured Hybrids, but wouldn’t the fact that they had their inner struggle show signs of disorganization? Maybe they’re wiping themselves out. After all, they’re criminals; a structural breakdown is inevitable,” Alice said.
Travis disagreed on every count. “Alice, they just wiped out a whole city block with no one seeing it coming, women, young people, old people, and men alike, all of them dead. True, they nailed a few ENTITY workers, but also mechanics, scientists, and factory workers. They’re obviously organized enough to be a lethal danger. If we don’t break them now, they could break us.”
She looked irritated but didn’t object. Ah, the power of being the official superior. “I want those cybots now! Have them ready within the week and report to me. I’ll get the rest taken care of.”
He thought back to the time he’d actually met one of the Hybrids. What was it he called their crime-bossed organization? Travis racked his mind. Ah, yes, the Order. Even their very name suggested coordination.
He took the next several minutes to write up a conclusion to his Tribunal research, pointing all the fingers at Gray and the Hybrids and using Gray’s societal position to emphasize his fear that Hybrid spies might be living among them. Worse yet, he’d discovered that Gray had been acting as an operative for the RFP. If they were all in this together, there would be a lot more problems before there’d be a lot fewer. He concluded that Gray and Zina had vanished into the “hive” where the Order was. He wrapped it up and sent the encrypted papers to the Lord Protector himself. With that task out of the way, he started delegating all his resources to the new undertaking.
The Lord Protector had given him two options, and Travis had picked his favorite. He was going to exterminate them, retire early, and spend the rest of his natural life dealing with the ulcers the wretched Hybrids were already giving him.

***

“You did this?” David said, appalled.
“Beautifully orchestrated, wasn’t it?” Alexander’s smug face was too much. David felt only the pit of his stomach, and as he flew through the Network for all the details, he finally knew what the Ultimate Strike was and why Stephan had visited them. This is what all the secrecy was about—mass murder. It was sickening.
“This is… this is…” He shook his head in utter disgust.
“What is it, Cutter? Have a weak stomach? They’re only lifeless tools—tools of the Machine. If you want to bring down the Machine, you have to bring down its tools, its hands, its arms, its eyes, and then you can bring down the Machine. That’s all we’re doing.”
“No, we’re not,” David said, standing up to Alexander. He rose to his feet from the computer terminal and shut off the screen, then he turned and faced Alexander. “No, we’re killing people; that’s murder.”
“You knew as well as I did what the goal was when we began this.” Alexander raised his arms and gestured at the room. The first room they’d finished of the former abandoned podway tunnel. “When we began this… project.”
David wasn’t quick with words like Alexander. He didn’t know what to say. He didn’t know how to express the years and years of stress, agony, and pain that had bit him for becoming another man’s footstool. The trash Alexander had created and forced him to work for, the lies they’d spread together. And now they had hundreds of thousands of peoples’ lives on their hands, and it made him so furious and so sad. Tears of rage, agony, and regret dabbed his eyes, and David looked away.
“Do calm down; you’re making me sick to my stomach with this childish display,” Alexander said. “Cutter, don’t take it this way. It’s all right. Everything is fine.”
David screamed, “Never call me that again, you foul creature!”
Alexander laughed for a moment; the idiot didn’t get it. “Call you what?”
“That lie, that cursed name you gave me, Cutter is someone else. The poor, weak man who follows your bidding and does all your work for you, the one who helped you achieve all this and ruin the lives of dozens of people and take the lives of thousands of others; that is someone else, I’m David. D-A-V-I-D! NOW, GET YOUR CORRUPTED, SELFISH, LAZY BUTT OUT OF MY COMPLEX!”
“Your Complex?!” Alexander said. His eyes were livid, and he’d given up the role of comforter. David didn’t care; he never wanted to see Alexander’s burning evil eyes again. Despite all of Alexander’s immediate fury, David could feel the pressure inside of twenty years of pent-up rage, and now it was venting and boiling his blood. He would not be cowed.
“Yes! MY Complex, MY tunnels, I found them! They’re MINE! I dragged this computer down here first! I lived here alone! It was mine. I took you in, and I saved your life! Remember? But now you aren’t welcome anymore; get out! I have a message to type. I have a confession to make to all your ‘children’ and the people who now suffer because their friends, employees, and clients are dead! D-E-A-D, dead! Not coming back! And you’re not coming back; get out!”
Alexander was shaking with fury, and David spat in his face. The illusion was over. The walls were down. It was time to make things as right as they could be. The game was over.
David turned on the computer and started typing. A second later, he was gasping for air as two strong hands came from behind and began throttling his neck. He pulled away and gasped for air but fell onto his back. Alexander leaned over him and pushed against David’s neck with merciless pressure while gazing down at him with the eyes of pure and chaotic evil.
“You will pay!” Alexander was saying, “You will pay. Your duties are over, Cutter; you’re not needed anymore!”
The world threatened to yield to blackness, and David felt himself breaking; he needed air, and he felt himself weakening.
He struggled desperately, but Alexander’s hold was too tight.

***

When they’d climbed into the hatch and sealed it, the group waited soundlessly. Nobody voiced it, but when the train began to pull forward, everyone wondered where Mazarin was. Only Evander had an idea, and even it wasn’t clear. When they’d flown for a while in silence, trying not to bounce too much against the cargo as the train went on its way, Evander told them what he’d seen—how Mazarin had pushed him out the vent and sent him on his way, saying he’d catch up, and then he never did. Whatever compelled Mazarin to delay was beyond any of their guesses, but what was clear was that the group had suddenly and permanently been deprived of its best defender. Evander spoke a short tribute to Mazarin, wherever he was and whatever had become of him, and then the foursome looked closely to each other for strength.
The dream was becoming real, and though sacrifices had been made along the way, they all knew that their inner peace would come with a price. The treason of Kedric and the loss of Mazarin seemed hefty, but the good health and high hopes of the four remaining renegades could make it all worth it.
They sat in discomfort for a long time, resting against the crates and various locked away cargo until the train came to an eventual stop. Evander made them all wait a few minutes, just to be sure it wasn’t a brief, routine stop, and then unbolted the hatch. They each plopped to the ground carefully and crouched under the hull until the train again floated up a few meters and resumed its course. It gave a deep-sounding rumble as it pushed away, and they stood, watching it disappear toward the distant mountains, destined for the mines.
Evander looked back to the distant gray glint that had been their home. The gargantuan building of Civilization was little more than a speck in their lives now.
He looked out toward the new world. The red-rocked beautiful but sandy terrain, the lush greenness at the base of the tall, majestic mountains a long way off, and miles ahead, the smoke and structures of the rural municipality spread before them from peripheral to peripheral. Ahead of them, a group of straggling uniformed convicts wandered like aimless fugitives toward the Wasteland ahead. The others' eyes watched them, but Evander found his gaze locked back toward the pristine peaks that rose into the clouds. He led the group into the outskirts of Wasteland. The blue sky shimmered. And for the first time, they felt the warmth of the sun on their skin as they walked, guided toward the uncertain destiny that awaited them. 

(End of Book One.)

The story continues, and concludes, in Book Two

Insurgents of Wasteland

You can also learn more at the author’s website:

www.blackoceanbooks.com
