





INTO THE DARKNESS…


When evil is all around,
can good still survive?





©Wendy Maddocks 2003 



Into The Darkness

Smashwords edition

Copyright Wendy Maddocks 2003

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Other works by Wendy Maddocks


Stand alone novels
Twisted evil
Into the darkness

	Short story collections
The thrill of the Chase
A Shade too young

	The Shades of Northwood series
Running shoes
Circle of arms
Unfinished business
Kiss at midnight

	Circle of the Fallen series
Angels of America

	Poetry collections
When I was young
Before the dawn

	Screenplays
RISK

	Non-fiction
Student: dazed and confused
PROLOGUE




	The girl was running – or rather limping – through the woods, painfully aware of what was following her.  As she glanced behind her to see how much distance was left between them – not much, not enough – she tripped over a fallen branch but instantly picked herself up, ignoring the sting of a badly cut knee as she pressed on.  Her pursuers were gaining ground, silently closing in; they looked like ordinary people who were dressed entirely in black, but their eyes seemed hollow.  It didn’t matter how fast she ran or how hard she tried to hold them back -   they just kept coming for her.  They would get what they wanted.  It was obvious nothing would stop them in their quest but she had to keep trying.  This was the first thing she had run from, and hopefully it would be the last.  The feeling of helplessness and guilt was both overwhelming and unshakable.
	A feeling she had never noticed before – fear – pushed her onwards, kept her going when her energy was low.  Rushes of adrenaline kept her heart and legs pumping when they were about to give out.  There was a tiny clearing of trees in the middle distance and she sped towards it, working on energy back-up.  Her breath came in short, sharp gasps as she struggled to keep her lungs full.  But the further she ran, the farther away the clearing seemed to be.
	She was tired.
	Tired of running away from something that would get her in the end; tired of fighting fights that didn’t really matter – even if she did emerge the victor.  There would always come a fight she couldn’t win -and now maybe she had found it.  She had been trying to evade them for three days straight.  And now, they had truly caught her, after chasing her for so long.
	A bolt from a Taser brought the girl to her knees, but she didn’t stop moving for a second.  She still tried to get away by shuffling on all fours, though there was no point to it.  They had her now; she could see their cold, impassive eyes as she lay on her back taking the punishment they so coolly delivered.  She fought back against unconsciousness as at least 10,000 volts of electricity surged through her body.  Another fight she wouldn’t win.
	But she wasn’t ready to give in.  Not yet.

		*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

	Amber-Louise awoke with a start, idly looking at the broken watch still strapped to her wrist.  It had long since stopped working, but while this was simply a mild   annoyance for most people, it was a reminder that time had stopped for her.  It was strange to think that the world was still going without her.  Even stranger to think that people were still living their lives without her.  
Rekuctantly clawing her way out of the comfortable embrace of sleep, Amber-Louise climbed out of bed and splashed some water on her face in the small bathroom. She then dressed in the clothes that had been draped over the chairs, unwilling to think about her dream.  She didn’t want, or even need, to recall it – it was a recurring nightmare.  The same one she had had every night for nearly four months.  The nightmare often went on for much longer, but she had never felt the pain tapping through her conscious mind before.  It troubled her to be replaying the same series of events every night in her head, but she knew that the nightmares wouldn’t stop until the waking one was over.
	Other people would wonder what she had seen or done to give her these constant nightmares.  Other people would ask why she had been captured and hidden here.  But Amber-Louise Tully wasn’t other people.
	Amber-Louise Tully was a witch.
	Over her years, she had learnt that it was never wise to ask questions.  Well, she had been taught it but she had never learnt it.  She had always asked questions, but had soon learnt that there often weren’t any answers.  In this situation, however, she hadn’t asked any questions in case she got the answers.  Everything she needed to know had been told to her, and she wasn’t sure she wanted to know even that much.  She knew she was facing an impossible task – quite a few of them actually, but Amber had never been the kind of girl who’d give up without a fight. 
	A white witch, she used her powers for good.  To protect the innocent, she thought.  That’s, like, my mission statement.  A powerful warlock, called Liatruz, had come to town.  He was very practised in dark magicks but, more than anything, he had pure evil intent.  That in itself was very rare and Amber-Louise was very glad of that fact.  Liatruz didn’t want anyone to quash his plans, and as a member of the Sisterhood, she was the only one who stood even a chance of doing that.  Naturally, the warlock had to take preventative measures to stop that and had wound up with two options.  The first was to kill her but he hadn’t gone for that one – probably ‘coos it’d be over too quick – but the second one which was to incarcerate her in a place where her magick would be no good.
	A sound at the thick, metal door made her turn on her heel.  It didn’t open – it never opened except to give her clean clothes once a week – but a light breakfast of cereals, yoghurt and juice was pushed through the tiny hatch.  She stared at it for a moment, not really wanting to eat it, and wondered if they had put poison in it.  Why am I thinking that?  Then she began to pull the paper lid off the yoghurt spoon and dug her plastic spoon in.  Yoghurt had been her favourite food in years past, but now she could barely stand the sight of it.  
	As she sat there on the floor, she began thinking thoughts she hated.  Thoughts about her experiences here in this magick-proof cell; thoughts about everything she had experienced before this had happened; memories of the people she had been forced to leave behind.  Thoughts that made her hurt.  Made her sad.  Made her angry.
	Her Taser-induced coma had lasted a full 10 weeks, and by her count she had been here for around six months.  There was no way to regain that lost half year as time spells only stretched to a week at best but she promised herself she would make up for it when she got out.  When, not if.  She would get out (somehow) and she would do all the things she should’ve done before.  It’s funny how something like this puts things in perspective.  An intense workout every morning had kept her focused.  At first, it had stopped her from going stir crazy – it was good to have a bit of routine – but now she did it for a reason.  
	The cell was painted white.  It reminded her of a hospital, which wasn’t a pleasant thought as she hated hospitals.  Evil places.  People went in and sometimes never came back out.  That rang true on so many levels.  No matter how comfortable Liatruz’ minions had tried to make it, with plastic tables and padded chairs; it still felt like some kind of prison.  It seemed like a sick joke that they could make this place seem so un-evil and still be so mean and unfeeling.  The shell was made of sheet steel which zinged when it was hit, or when Amber threw her cereal bowl against it.  Not that she did that much anymore – just when her frustration level sky-rocketed.  The steel compound was encased, which was virtually impossible to penetrate, and then the whole thing had been enchanted to ensure that her white magick would be of absolutely no use.  Amber-Louise had tried every trick in the book in her first few attempts to escape, but had quickly found out that it was no good.
	So she stopped.
	But by no means had she forgotten.
Her thoughts drifted to the things she had done and learnt before she was brought here.  Some of these flashed through her head so fast that she barely even registered them.  She had always known she was a witch, always known that she had to use that power for good; ever since she was a child, though she sometimes felt like little more than that now.  She had, over the last few years, used her magick to wipe out the lurking evil in her town.  She had brought down a few cults of wannabe Goths; fought and destroyed a couple of demons, even stopped a ritual sacrifice last year; just general nastiness.  That responsibility – to protect innocent people – had always been a big part of her, and she would do it until it killed her.  Yet, it was more than just a responsibility or a duty it was… well, something she wanted to do.  The witch wasn’t prepared to let Liatruz stop her from doing that.  Amber-Louise had learned that she was a member of the Sisterhood just a couple of weeks before the warlock had come to town and kidnapped her.  Unlike others, she had not tried to deny her calling.  It was a big thing – trying to save everyone and stay alive at the same time.  
The only person that knew she was a witch was her lifelong best friend, Alex.  Leaning back in her chair, she called up a mental image of his face; those hazel, puppy-dog eyes, his untidy blond hair and the tiny gold bar she had watched being shot through his eyebrow last birthday.  He was always ready to listen when she wanted to moan about the stresses and strains of being a witch.  He always helped her out when she was on a mission.  They were only a few of the reasons they hadn’t fallen out, but she tried to shield him from the worst parts of her job.
Then there was her dad, her only immediate family.  He loved her – there was no doubting that fact – but he didn’t have any idea what was going on in his daughters’ life.  Of course, not wondering why she seemed to need so many new clothes or wanting to know why she came in and went out at all hours made her job that much easier.  He didn’t seem all that concerned about what she did which was often a big help, but sometimes it hurt.  She wondered if he had even noticed she was missing, questioned where she had gone, why she hadn’t even called.  He probably thought she was staying with her Aunt Kathy.
The door opened and three thug-like former people stood there, wielding the stun guns they wouldn’t hesitate to use on her.  “Don’t try anything funny, kid,” one of them warned.  “We’ll use ‘em if we gotta.”  He held a pile of clothes in one thick hand and dropped them on the floor.
Amber nodded slightly, concentrating all of her energy on a spell.  She knew that it had less than no chance of working in the magick-proof cell, but she had to try every possibility.  This would get her punished if they figured out what she was doing, so Amber-Louise put on one of her patented sulky, sullen faces to mask her magickal activity.
“Oi!  We been talking to you,” the second thug yelled at her.  Amber-Louise bit back the urge to snap a reply.  “We said don’t try nothing.  You ignoring us?”  When Amber didn’t respond, they turned and left.  #1 sighed and blew out a plume of thick, grey cigar smoke before he shut the door and grinned.  “Little parting gift.”
When she was sure they had gone, the girl breathed a sigh of relief and closed her eyes.  She was tired.  Okay, so I’ve just had seven hours kip but using strong, new magic takes a lot of energy.  She opened her eyes and stood up again, hoping against hope that the spell she had spent the last six weeks making had worked.



Chapter 1



The TV was on and the boy was slouched in front of it – but he wasn’t even paying any attention to it.  Even if he had been, it probably wouldn’t have made much sense to him.
Nothing made sense any more.
His mind was on other things but it was comforting to have the saccharin-sweet soap opera on in the background.  If only to remind himself that things had been normal once upon a time.  But that seemed like an awful long time, and normal sometimes seemed distant memory.  He found it alternately difficult to remember what normal was like, and to imagine life ever being like that again.  Not that his life had ever really been ‘normal’.  There had to be someone somewhere who could make it right again.
“Life’s rarely as simple as we like to think,” the TV woman said.  I hear ya.
“Isn’t there some kind of handbook to tell us why bad things happen?” asked the daughter.  The section in TV Guide said that she was protesting a by-road and had just seen part of a forest cut down.  It wasn’t even close to what was happening to him, but he knew exactly what the actress meant.  Lately, the boy had been wishing for a life manual.  A lot of bad things had happened to him recently and, although he knew why, it was hard to understand and accept.
His parents had gone missing a couple of months ago, as had his best friend six months ago.  He hadn’t seen or heard from either of them since and was doubtful that he ever would.  Of course, he was worried about them and where they were; only he didn’t need to angst over whether they alive or not.  He knew exactly what had happened to his mother and father, though it wasn’t something anyone should have to think about or, indeed, go through.  The boy even had a pretty good idea of what had happened to his friend – not a pleasant thought either.  He knew that the people he loved were alive and well, but he didn’t know for how much longer that would be true.
Also, would he ever see those people again?  And if he did, would they ever be the same?
There were too many thoughts spinning in his head, too many questions; most that he couldn’t answer, but some that he couldn’t even process yet.  For example, there was the inexplicable and untimely death of his bulldog.  Or, there was the fact that his driving instructor had turned into a gibbering wreck.  Maybe I can put that one down to the fact that I’m a contender for Britain’s Worst Driver.  But he suspected – no, more than suspect – that there was an altogether more sinister reason.  
All hell was breaking loose on the streets outside and he didn’t like it.
It had to be stopped.


Gina Ross was travelling around Britain with her boyfriend, Jake Wright.  They had come to rest in the smallish town of Rawston and were planning to spend a few nights at the EeziRest Inn.  After another of the frequent bush fires had sprung up in their homeland of Australia, claiming many hundreds of acres of grassland along with the lives of a few people who hadn’t evacuated when told, they had decided that it would be nice to go someplace safe for a holiday.
There was a row of shops stretching down one side of the road, Half were well-established chains, and half were smaller, privately-owned shops.  The couple had already found their favourite shop and had spent a few happy hours there this morning.  The pokey little shop at the end of the street was called ‘Dusty Books’ which was quite an apt name really.  It was old and musty-smelling, filled with soft leather chairs and yellowing, dusty tomes.  Jake and Gina both usually had their heads in old literature; most often Shakespeare.
“I’m really glad we came here, Jake.”
“Mmm.  Me too,” he murmured, trying to find a price tag on the book of sonnets he was holding.  “It’s nice.  I think I might buy this.”  He was having trouble converting pounds to dollars and wasn’t sure if it was good value or not.  Then he realised that he didn’t actually care – he wouldn’t have been able to find something like this back home.
“I like it here.  It’s a sweet little place.  And all the people are so friendly and helpful.”  She took a seat and curled up as she waited for him to make a decision.  She loved Jake more than anything but his total inability to make a decision in less than five minutes could be infuriating at times.  And I thought women were supposed to be bad at shopping.  “Make your mind up already.”  They were both in their early 30s and had learned to take everything with a pinch of salt, but Gina smiled anyway to let him know that she was joking.  “Are you gonna have that?”
“Yeah, I suppose so,” he sighed.  He had given up trying to work the money out and wandered round the other side of the shelf.  “Go wait for me outside.  You look like you could do with some fresh air.”  
When Gina had left, he pulled out a book of love poems she’d had her eye on and walked up to the counter with his selections.  Having paid the elderly shopkeeper for his books, he put them in separate bags to make sure he didn’t get them mixed up.  Before he turned away, Jake reached in his pocket and slid an expensive diamond necklace down the spine of his second choice.
“That’s pretty,” the old man croaked.  “For your girlfriend, is it?”
“Yeah, I’m asking her to marry me tonight.”
“Isn’t a ring more traditional?”
“Yeah, but we don’t go for –“
“I suppose you young uns don’t follow our old ways now.  Well, I hope she says yes.  Lord knows, we could do with some good news round these parts.”  The old man looked slightly worried as he said that, as if he had given too much away, but nevertheless, he smiled and waved before turning to his next customer.
Jake was a bit confused by what he said but he waved back politely and went back outside to meet Gina.  He stepped out just in time to see the woman’s’ mouth being covered by a seemingly disembodied hand.  Then she was gone – dragged away by the hand and whatever it was attached to.


Liatruz probably knew that Amber-Louise had escaped by now, and if he didn’t, his armies certainly did.  The three thick-set muscle-men – lunkheads – were out of action now.  She had killed two of them with their own stun guns and had cracked the other ones skull open with a crowbar.  She’d almost retched at the sight of all the blood but felt better when she reminded herself that it wasn’t her blood.  He won’t be getting up for a while.  The combat techniques that Ales had taught her a couple of years ago had come in very useful combined with the built up strength she’d developed.  It had been hard work to push through the layers of steel, lead and enchantment but she had done it.  And the fight was nowhere near over yet.
She tried to convince herself that the worst and hardest part was done but, somewhere inside her heart she knew that her struggle had only just begun.  There was a spell she could do to give her a little more focus but she didn’t want to consider that just yet; that was strictly a last resort thing.  While she could keep going under her own steam, she would.  Everyone was stronger than they thought – it was just a question of tapping into that strength, which was a task most people found impossible.  That’s what dreams are about.  In dreams you can do anything because you really can – but then you wake up and tell yourself off for being silly.
A square, ½ kilometre chain link fence enclosed her compound and those of the guards.  She casually jogged towards the fence, stopping short when three more figures in black blocked her path.  Amber lifted her gaze to see a young couple staring back at her.  Maybe making a break for it in broad daylight wasn’t the best idea.  Unnerved by their lack of movement, her eyes ticked across and down until her eyes settled on the third of the trio.  It was a young boy – about four or five years old.  He stared up at her, as expressionless as his elders, and didn’t move.  He’s just a kid.  Barely out of nappies, she thought, totally horrified.  Liatruz had ripped away the innocence that made childhood so precious.  How could someone do that to a child?
“We cannot allow you to escape,” the boy said.  His monotone creeped Amber out a little – okay, a lot.  The couple – Amber-Louise thought they were his parents – spoke a little more normally.  “You will stop him and we cannot permit that.”  They were stopping her from getting to the fence and she needed to get out as soon as possible to give herself a bit of time to breathe.  No doubt there would be more of these things on the way and she wanted to avoid another fight right now if she could.  That little voice in her head told her that she would need all the energy she could muster.
She wanted to avoid killing as many of these things as was possible – they used to be people, after all – but as they began to advance on her, arms outstretched, it looked as though running and letting them live wouldn’t be a viable option.  She would normally have no qualms about killing the older couple, but a child too?  She told herself that there was nothing left of the child left in the body but it didn’t help.  Okay, evil, possibly possessed child – but still a kid.  Maybe there’s another way.
The witch backed up another step and thoughts whizzed through her head, forming the skeleton of a plan.  They had followed her further into the complex, leaving a good 10 foot gap between them and the fence.  I can work with that.  If things went right for once, she could get out of this without getting anyone hurt.  The woman stood to her left; the man to her right; and the boy remained right in front of her.  The most miniscule part of her felt sorry for them all – facing off against a girl who could so easily kick their respective asses without even touching them.  But she had no time to stop and enjoy that part.
Visualising herself in a basketball game, she juddered about so that one of them got in her face each time she moved.  Then, moving slightly too quickly for them to even react, she turned sideways and slipped out between them.  After a few steps Amber decided to try the levitation spell that should carry her safely to the other side of the fence.  Then she remembered that her magick didn’t work in here; wouldn’t work properly until she was far away from this place.  She began to climb over, stepping up the pace when her sensitive ears picked up the sound of footsteps getting ever closer.
The others were coming.
In her hurry to get out, Amber-Louise tore her sleeve on a piece of barbed wire.  It also ripped a long gash in the flesh of her upper arm, and, judging by the amount of blood, what appeared to be several blood vessels.  It hurt like hell, she noticed as she dropped to the ground with a thud, but the pain was quickly forgotten.
The main thing was she was out.
Alive.


People were too scared to walk outside alone.  
Very few cars were being driven around on the roads.  
Buildings had been trashed and looted.  
Safety was an alien word to most of the population.
The landscape was harsh and barren.
The trees, plants and flowers were all dead. 
Growing and being different was against the rules.
The town had belonged to the monsters for far too long.  Someone had to be prepared to take it back.

Chapter 2



Bleeding heavily from her arm, Amber-Louise tried her best to ignore it but found she was losing too much blood.  Her arm felt heavy and weighted.  The barbed wire must have cut pretty deep, though it didn’t hurt so much as ache.  The gut was still pumping blood steadily and Amber sat on the floor as she tore a large section of material from her shirt.  There didn’t seem to be any dirt on it so she wrapped it around her arm and used her teeth to pull it tight.  It would heal and scab over soon but she couldn’t afford to have it weighing her down while she was on the run.
On the run.  That made her sound like a fugitive.  In some ways, she supposed, she was a fugitive, or an escapee.  Just like in a prison uncaring guards were trying to track her down to recapture her.  Hunting her down.  
Her trainers slapped the ground as she jogged around, trying to figure out which way the nearest town was.  She’d been in that cell – that cage – for too long, and it was difficult to figure out which way was which anymore.  .Amber-Louise was glad that to any casual observer, and any of the people in black who weren’t actively looking for her, she just looked like a lost little girl trying to remember her way.
It wasn’t right – putting so much responsibility on such young shoulders.  But Liatruz didn’t care for right or wrong.  And it was her job to stop him, to make him care.
Slowly she turned around, deciding in which direction to run.  She couldn’t spend too long choosing; they would have less chance of catching her unaware if she kept moving.  There had to be a road somewhere nearby, at least in the next couple of miles.  Once she found it, it would be easy enough to follow it into the town, where-ever it was.  A breeze blew the blood-soaked rag around and her red-brown hair around her face.  It had grown a few inches and the ends were very raggy.  Amber ran her fingers through it and pushed it behind her ears, wishing she had something to tie it back with.
If she didn’t get a move on soon more of the ex-people would be on her tail.  It wouldn’t be a major problem if she had to fight them but it would eat into her valuable hours.  Besides, her instincts told her that there would be plenty more along the way.
She turned on her heel and headed north


Alex shut himself in his bedroom – the one place he could pretend things were normal.  He wasn’t sleeping or playing on his games console, just looking out of his window at the people wandering the streets.  All but the most fool-hardy – or foolish – of people were cowering in their homes.  The people he saw on the ground were all dressed in black and had skin as white as snow.  Under normal circumstances – whatever they were – their heavy, dark clothing and pale flesh would have been considered strange given the hot and sunny weather.  But no-one had dared to question it, fearful of what they may do.  His parents had been turned into two of the people on the ground, though he had no clue as to where they actually were now.  It was horrible to think of people he loved being made into those… whatever they were.
“Mom.  Dad,” he whispered to himself, although there was no reason for him to stay quiet.  “What’s gonna happen to you when this is all over?  It will be over soon, I promise you.  God, what’s happening to you right now?”  He wished he knew where they were, knew they were safe.  
Alex switched his TV on and powered up his PlayStation 2, knowing that he wouldn’t be able to concentrate on any of his games.  But the total mindlessness of them usually took his mind off the thinking part.  He usually bought fantasy games but had recently found that they were too close to his own reality, so he was playing a kids platform game.  Even here there were monsters and zombies round every corner, but he could take as many tries as he wanted at killing them.  It was harder than it looked and he couldn’t think of a way to gain access to the dungeon.
If they came for him, he wouldn’t go – well, not unless they chloroform me, gag me and drag me.  He was prepared to fight them if he had to, but he would very reluctant to do so and hurt them.  He definitely wouldn’t kill them though because, underneath all that had been done to them and all that had been taken from them, they were still his parents.
He suddenly noticed that he was a little hungry and went downstairs to make himself a sandwich.  He rummaged around in the fridge and in the cupboard, which he had kept well stocked.  “We have bread…”  When he had found all the ingredients, not that there was an actual recipe, Alex played at being a TV chef as he put it all together.  “First we need the bread, which we must spread generously with peanut butter.  Follow that with a slice of honey roast ham and some lettuce.  Now, your ham might fall to bits at this stage,” he chuckled as it did exactly that in his hand, “But just bung it on regardless.  Top that off with a blob of marmalade and a helping of chocolate syrup.  Put on your final slice of bread and there you have it.”  He pointed to the positively revolting-looking sandwich in his hand.  “One completed Watson Whopper!”  He took a large bite and nodded approvingly as he carried it through to the front room.  His parents would never have let him make, let alone eat, something like this.
He hated himself for being so selfish but he kinda enjoyed the freedom he’d had living on his own.  The house was still quite tidy but he could have made a mess if he’d wanted to.  Okay, there were bills to pay and stuff but, with everything that was going on, the power companies had gotten sloppy with bills and invoices and things.  Alex was free; he could do what he wanted; eat and sleep whenever he felt like it.  But, he wanted the rules back.  He needed something to keep him in line.
He switched the TV on again, not even intending to pay the slightest heed to it.  Preparing to sink into yet another thoughtful trance. Something the newsreader was saying caught his attention.
“… Have been reported.  The two travellers, thought to be Australian, were reported missing earlier today.  It is a strong possible that they were kidnapped but, until more witnesses are found and come forward, this is pure speculation.”
“Kidnapped.  That sounds about right.”  Alex switched the set off after the report and took another bite of his sandwich.
It was very doubtful that anything else would be said about the missing couple, and they would probably never be seen again.  No-one would come forward with any information either; they were too scared to.  Anyway, the police hardly ever followed up on mysterious cases like this one, especially as they were becoming more common. Because they didn’t have the first clue what could have happened.  And, even if they did, what could they do about it?
No, this required an expert.
Alex knew what had happened to the two backpackers and a few other people may have had a vague suspicion.  Unlike those people in this, and neighbouring, towns, he wasn’t afraid to give voice to his thoughts.  Most people thought that speaking a bad thing made it real but Alex had learnt that they were real whether you admitted them or not.  The couple had gone missing in Rawston – the nest main town.
That could only mean one thing.
“It’s Liatruz.  He’s coming back.”


Miranda tried to focus on the TV with tired eyes – she was watching an old black and white movie on the Classix channel.  She was half-asleep already and couldn’t even remember what had happened at the start of the film.  Someone got shot – that’s right – and now his brother’s come to town, looking for revenge.  Sleep was such a tempting idea that she almost gave into it.  But, no.  Her husband was due home from his late shift in an hour and he wouldn’t want to come home to that.  
A ghostly white figure appeared at the door and Miranda yelped in surprise, waking right out of her sleepy state.  A heart attack is as good as a rest.  Maybe not.  “Jodie, you scared the life out of me,” she breathed, relieved.  “Are you okay, honey?”
“Uh-huh.  I just want Daddy to come home.”  The girl rubbed the sleep from her eyes and yawned.
“So do I.  He shouldn’t be too long coming home now.”  She wrapped her arms around Jodie as she settled back into the cushions.  “Anyway, hey, why aren’t you asleep?  You should be in bed.”
“Can’t sleep.”
“Why not?  Did you have a bad dream?”  Her gaze flickered back to the screen, where yet another shooting spree was taking place.
“No, Mom,” she yawned, tired but too wired to sleep.  “I heard a noise outside.  Can I stay and watch the movie with you until Daddy gets back?”
“What sort of a noise?”
“Dunno.  I was still half-asleep but, I did hear something.”
15 minutes later both mother and daughter were once more drifting towards sleep, oblivious to the incessant babbling of the actors.  A loud noise, almost like splintering wood, rang through the house, waking them both from their slumber.  Jodie was more frightened by it than her mother as it was the same noise that had woken her in the first place.  “What was that?”
“It was probably just the wind.”  It sounded more convincing in her head than it did out loud.
A few minutes later, the noise came again and Miranda knew it couldn’t possibly be the wind.  It might just be a couple of dogs trying to kill each other outside, but what was the harm in going to have a quick peek?  Even if it was just to put Jodie’s mind at rest.  
She got up to take a look when Jodie grabbed her arm.  “Don’t go!”  The child was scared, that much was obvious – but why?  Miranda moved to shake her arm free but Jody held tight.  She was scared by it – things weren’t really supposed to go bump in the night – she was just a kid after all.
But children could sense dangers when adults could not.  They often didn’t know exactly what it was, but they always knew it was there.  “I mean it, Mom.  There’s something out there and it’s coming.  I thing something bad’s gonna happen.”
Miranda reached a hand behind the sofa and felt around until her fingers closed around an aluminium baseball, which she kept in case of intruders.  “It’s probably nothing but if there is anyone out there, they’ll get the business end of this, okay.”  Jodie looked slightly less scared but still insisted on cradling the cordless phone in her hands.  
Brandishing the bat, Miranda crept down the hall and tiptoed to look through the peephole.  Suddenly, the French doors in the bright kitchen crashed open and a group of figured began to file in, moving quickly – almost running.  She gripped the bat more tightly, ready to swing, when they moved closer, into the light.  The baseball bat slipped from her hands and clattered, useless, to the floor.  “Maybe there’s something to those stories about the Bogeyman, after all,” she muttered to herself as everything around her went black.
They were taking over.


The nearest town had ended up being just over five miles north of the compound, following a road used only by wild animals and racing bikers.  She had run most of the way and her muscles felt numb and burning hot at the same time.  Her lungs and throat felt raw from swallowing all the dust the breeze and her feet had whipped up; she would get a drink from the first shop she came to.  
Around 10 of the ex-people had tried to stop her along the way.  Amber-Louise had hit them with various spells that eventually made them unconscious – see how they like it – but had had no other choice than to kill a few of them.  Some of them were especially resilient to her magick and she suspected that these were the proper guards.  It was weird but killing them gave her a funny feeling, a good feeling.  Amber thought about it for a minute, realising that she didn’t feel half as bad about it as she would have done if they were normal humans still.  They were merely in the way – nuisances sent to prevent her from getting home.  Home. The place where she’d find the two people she missed and loved most in the world – her father and Alex.  She refused to even consider the fact that Liatruz may have already got to them.  But, deep in her heart, she knew they were both okay; she couldn’t explain it but there was some kind of connection, and she knew.  Witch perk.
Weary, but with the adrenaline pumping, she kicked a shop door in and leaned against the frame, trying to get her breath.  There were only two people in the shop and they both screamed when she burst in.  “Is that how you greet all your customers?”  They looked absolutely petrified and were huddled together under the counter.  Amber thought back, and remembered that she had seen very few normal people outside, and even fewer cars.
They were too scared – she thought that was quite sensible considering.  Considering that Liatruz’s influence had travelled further than she’d thought.
She screwed the bottle off a shelved bottle of water and took a few mouthfuls before closing it and shoving it into her pocket.  “Hooo!  Needed that,” she coughed.
“W-w-what do you want here?” asked the middle-aged man.  “We haven’t got anything valuable.  What do you want?”  But something in his expression told her that he knew exactly what most people who came here wanted.
A sign above the door told her that the man who had spoken was called Wright and the other, older man was his father.  She felt sorry and ashamed that such a fragile old man should have to go through something like this.  Well, no-one should.  But she didn’t have time to say that, didn’t have a second to spare on such niceties.
Amber-Louise had a job to do.
And time was of the essence.
“What happened here?  You’ve got to tell me.”  She rolled her eyes when they both refused to look at her, crossed the shop and crouched down in front of them so they had no choice but to meet her gaze.  “Look!  Look at me!  Do you honestly think I’m one of them?” she rasped.  Her voice didn’t sound like her own, as if the words were coming from someone else’s mouth.  “I’m not one of them – I want to help.  Now, what happened?”
The two men still didn’t believe her and gave her guarded replies.  It was frustrating but they were sensible to be wary.  “The same things that’ve happened all over town.”
“Liatruz,” she croaked to herself, not needing any more proof.  Amber-Louise hadn’t uttered that name in a long time, yet it was as familiar to her as her own.  She took a quick glance around the ruined shop.  The counter had been snapped at one end, there were some shelves on the floor and the cash register had been ripped from its settings and now hung empty.  The door swung from one hinge and the lock had splintered – my damage so I’ll pay for that.  I’ll ask Dad for an advance on my allowance… again.  “Have they done this everywhere?”
“Most places.  They’ve left a few places alone.”
“They’ve taken a lot of people, and one day I’ll get them back.”  That last part was to herself, a promise to the people.  “Where am I?”
“Standing in the middle of our shop,” said Wright Senior, seriously.
“I’ve been away for a long time; humour me.  What town am I in?”
“Oldlingham,” the younger of the two men told her.  “Where do you want to be?”
“Ideally, Deep Space.  But, Millford.  Any ideas how I can get there?”  She knew that it was well over a hundred miles away, but it would take her a day to get there on foot and just a few hours by car.  She wanted to complete her journey while it was still dark if she could but it was already nearly midnight.  Ironically, for all the darkness Liatruz was unleashing on them, his zombie-like creatures were afraid of the dark – or more specifically, the moon and stars.
“Have you got a car?”  They didn’t, but someone outside did.  Amber didn’t exactly hijack the red sports car, but the young man driving did end up standing on the street corner.  She slid behind the wheel and turned the key in the ignition.
“Right, how do you drive this thing?”


The porch steps seemed a nice place to spend the hours before sunrise, but Alex soon got restless and started walking around the neighbourhood.  
Night.  The time he could pretend that things were a mottled, sickly shade of normal.  The only things that moved in the dark were some scrapping cats and dogs.  He had gone out many times at night before, but he hated going out in the day.  In daylight, the people he had dubbed the Black Masses trawled over the city like swarms of bees, though at night he might only see the odd one or two drifting about.
This was his town.  Alex Watson-Jones wasn’t just going to sit back and watch the monsters take over.  “The other way lies suicide.  Guess which one I’m gonna choose?”
But what was he going to do about it, anyway?  He didn’t know magick but for a few tricks; he couldn’t put the same edge on his fighting as his best mate; and he was change-of-underwear scared.  That didn’t really make for a good sidekick.  Which is all he was – a sidekick, a lackey, a hanger-on.
On his way back to his house Alex saw one of the Black Masses huddled in the alley, hiding from the moonlight.  He opened his mouth to laugh at the sight, then stopped as he realised that the action could easily get his head torn from his shoulders.  He wanted to know how his family and friends could be perfectly nice one day and more or less evil the next.  It was also quite weird – and strangely funny – to know the big bad Black Masses were scared of the dark – like kids.  It was satisfying to know that even they had weaknesses, just like everyone else.  It wasn’t much, but at least it was something for him to work with.  
Alex was the only one who really knew what was going on.  He didn’t know how to stop it – fighting evil wasn’t his job – but no-one else was going to try.
“Too much thinking,” he mumbled.  “I’ve gotta try… just don’t know how.  Still, that never bothered her.  She didn’t always know what she was doing – she just went for it.  That’s what I need to do – find him and do whatever I can.”  Nothing was ever that simple, he knew, and he might get killed right off.  He would rest and think about it properly in the morning.
It was only when he was in his kitchen drinking warm chocolate milk that he remembered he had been watched on his way home.  With any luck, the figure from the alley would’ve forgotten where he lived by daytime.  Despite his best efforts to stay awake and alert, Alex began to drift off to sleep.
It was nearly an hour past dawn when the sound started outside the window…

Chapter 3



The car had been dumped after an hour – not the most inconspicuous mode of transport anyway.  Amber-Louise had had to get out to blast her way through a literal wall of zombie-things, and had found the car wouldn’t start again.  It had no petrol left in the tank.  At first, she thought the engine was stalling but then she checked the gauge and closed the door, grumbling a whole paragraph of expletives.  She left the keys in the ignition, knowing that it wouldn’t matter if the Porsche was found.  Her fingerprints would be found and she might get arrested, which, to her shame, had happened before. 
So, she had been forced to travel the last 20 or so miles on foot.  It had only taken a couple of hours, even though she walked part of the way.  She was absolutely wrecked and was glad that she hadn’t run into any other nasty surprises on her journey.


Alex awoke the very second the gentle tapping on the window started.  His first thought was that the Black Masses had come for him already… but no, that was stupid.  Why would they bother knocking, giving him warning, when prior experience told him that they usually just barged in, uninvited?  Something inside told him that the person outside meant him no harm.  A few seconds after the tapping had stopped, a short, sharp knock came on the glass pane in the door.  Yawning, he got up to answer.
Standing on the porch was both the most wondrous and the most heart-rending sight he had ever seen.  His heart went out to the haggard and dirty figure on the doorstep, and he smiled warmly.
“Hi,” she said, then collapsed, unconscious, over the threshold. 


The beauty lying on Alex’s couch did not move except for the occasional twitch as disturbing images floated in and out of her mind.  She looked appalling, with torn clothes and numerous minor injuries but under all the dirt, grime and dried blood was something beautiful.  A thing to be treasured, and only Alex could see it.  He hated to think about what she might have been through over the last half a year, but just looking at her brought home to him how lucky he had been.  To have remaining relatively untouched by the sweeping horror; and to know someone strong enough to get through it, still smiling.  For she wouldn’t let this get her down,
He had been watching her in her dreams for a while and, though he didn’t like the though, he desperately wanted to know what was going on in her head.  Alex grinned as he remembered how she used to call him a perv for watching her sleep -  good times.  They might not have any of those for a while.  Her dreams were always a mystery to him, and she hardly ever told him about them when he asked.  Dreams were private so he didn’t push it, but things went on in her head that he couldn’t understand.  Still, maybe if she told him things anyway, it might stop her from withdrawing into her own world so much.  Secrets.  They shared a lot of secrets and kept some too, though, granted, not as many as she kept from her father.  From the movements she made in her sleep, Alex could usually guess whether she was having a good dream or a nightmare – the nightmares had become more common in the weeks before she went missing.  And the movements she was making now suggested that it was another one.  She looked beautiful, just lying there, asleep on the couch but for the trembling and Alex again wished he could do something to take that ever-present fear away.
“My very own Sleeping Beauty,” he murmured.
The vision on the sofa stirred at the sound and ran a hand through her long, dirty hair.  “Hey! D’ya miss me?” she yawned.
Alex whipped his head up at the familiar voice and hugged her, thanking God that it wasn’t just one amazing fantasy.  It had been so long since he had heard that voice and, even though it was heavily tinged with hurt and pain, he knew that everything was going to be alright… one day.  “Oh, Amber-Lou!  I thought I’d lost you forever!”
“Why?  You know you can’t keep a good witch down for long.”  Amber-Louise pulled away from his warm, solid grip and lay back on the cushions.  “I’m kinda hungry.  Got anything to eat?”  She sat up and proceeded to munch her way through half a packet of chocolate chip cookies that Alex had fetched her from the kitchen.  “God, it’s been ages since I had anything decent to eat.”  Which was true.  She’d eaten a yoghurt the day before but that was a lifetime and 27 hours ago.
“What happened to you?”
“I really looked like Sleeping Beauty?”
“Yeah.  But prettier.  What happened to you, kiddo?”
“I’m prettier than a fairy tale character.  That’s something to be proud of,” she mumbled absently, staring down at the packet of biscuits in her hand.  “Cool.”
“Amber, tell me what happened?”
“I’m not going to tell you.  It’ll give you horrible nightmares for the rest of your life, and you’re not ready for that.  You keep reliving the same horrifying things over and over and over.  And it’s not just when you sleep – it’s every time you close your eyes and blink.  You’ll end up to scared to sleep, and do anything you can to stay awake.  And you’re not ready for that,” she repeated.  
You’re almost a year younger than me, Amber, so how did you get so much older?  But, she was right, he wasn’t ready to hear it.  “You’re right,” he admitted, at length.  “I’m not ready for it, and I probably won’t handle it.  But you have to understand that I need to know.”  If she didn’t tell him, how was he meant to help?
“I’ll tell you when I’m ready, Alex.  I’ve gotta get this all over with first; I need to make everything right before I worry about myself.”
“I’m here whenever you need me.”  They hugged again and, this time, neither one of them wanted to let go.  They had come so close to losing each.  “Amber?  Why did you come here instead of going straight home?”
“Please!” she scoffed, as if were a stupid question.  “You think I can go home looking like this?  My Dad’ll have a flippin’ heart attack.”  She glanced down at her herself, disdainfully, and winced as she ripped the makeshift bandage from her arm.  “Barbed wire,” she explained.  “I was climbing over the fence and they started chasing me.  Leg – glass.  Lip – emergency brake.”  She gasped and drew back as he tried to wipe some of the glass shards from the congealed leg wound.  “Sorry – sore.”
“You should get this checked out.”
“I’ll be alright.  I just had a few run-ins with the zombies.  I think I need a shower and some clean clothes.”


Upstairs, Amber-Louise stood beneath a scalding hot shower, feeling the hot jets of water hit her skin.  Washing away the sickly stench of failure, something that had been haunting her for the past 3 ½ months.  She had failed in her duties; left the people she was sworn to protect vulnerable to this attack.  Never again.  She needed to make this right again – if only to prove herself worthy of the honour the Sisterhood had seen fit to bestow upon her.  Amber-Louise knew that the Sisterhood could get rid of her, take away her special powers, at any time and she was determined not to let that happen.  She couldn’t lose that.
Part of her, though, felt entirely responsible for what had happened.  She hadn’t just failed the Sisters or the people, but herself too.  She hadn’t stopped it before, at the right time, and she might not be able to now.  Even if she did, it might be too late.  And that was a scary thought.  A tiny voice in her head told her that she shouldn’t feel so guilty.  After all, Liatruz had caused the deaths of many other Sisters who were older and more experienced than she.  There was no shame in defeat.  “But he’s not going to defeat me.”  It didn’t sound very convincing but, at least, she had now made that decision.  “I can’t lose this fight.”  
Unwilling to leave the warm cocoon of the shower, Amber stepped out of the shower and wrapped a towel around her body.  Using another towel to dry her hair, she cast her mind back to something Alex had said.  I’m here whenever you need me.  He could have meant a lot of different things when he said that, like whenever you need to talk, but what he really meant was pretty clear.  Alex wasn’t nearly as powerful as she was, he himself had said that they were in different leagues, but he was willing to try and that meant a lot.  More even than if Amber-Louise could beat Liatruz by herself.  
It meant that she wasn’t alone.
“What am I supposed to do?” she asked the mirror, hoping that there would be some kind of answer hidden in her reflection.  If she could just talk to some-one who had faced him before…  But there was no-one; they were all dead.  “I don’t know what to do?”
She left the bathroom and dragged her feet into Alex’s room.  She threw herself onto the bed and shouted into the pillow.  She was frustrated. 
“Hey.  Guess I must’ve looked a bit of a mess when you saw me,” Amber said as she skipped down the stairs dressed in a pair of his old jeans and a baggy t-shirt.  She could change into her own clothes when she got home.  
“On the outside, yeah,” Alex admitted.  “You did look a bit wrecked.  You look tired; why don’t you stay here and rest a bit longer?”
“I better get home and check on Dad.”  She wrapped her finger round a clump of her wet hair and fiddled with it, leaning back against the wall as her legs tried to remember how to work.
“Hey, what about your injuries.  Don’t they hurt?”
“A little bit.  You know, I think that shower did the trick.  Plus, I feel awake now.”  That was a lie.  She wanted to sleep, just for an hour or so, but nightmares kept her awake.  Fed-up of talking about herself –like I’m the most interesting person in the world, or something – she changed the subject.  “Did they get your parents?”
“Who?  The Black Masses?”  Something dulled his eyes.  “My family, my friends.  They got them all.  When they came, I hid in the basement so they wouldn’t find me.  I wanted to stop them but… I was scared.”
Amber-Louise took his had and looked at him.  “Alex, hiding was the best thing to do.”  She wanted to add, “the safest, too,” but quickly thought the better of it.  “I’m sorry, and I wish I could have stopped it.  If I’d just done my job properly –“
“Ssh.”  He put his finger to her lips to silence her.  “It’s not like you didn’t try.  And you’ll do it – I know you will.”
“One half of the city has been turned into these Black Masses, and the other half are scared stiff.  It’s not our city any more – it’s theirs.”  
They were both quiet as they thought about how true that was.  Hardly anybody left their houses any more, day or night.  “Speaking of, you’d better get home before they come back.”  He smiled weakly and saw her out.  
As he closed the door behind him, he realised that, what he thought was, his worst nightmare had come true.


Shayla Pincent was in her 30s, but as her life flashed before her eyes, she realised that she hadn’t done much in those years.  Got married at 22, had a couple of kids (twin boys), got a steady job as a receptionist, followed by a car and a mortgage when they were financially settled.  That wasn’t how she wanted to be remembered – safe, but boring.  She wanted to be remembered as the woman who did something with her life, who lived each day to its fullest.
She’d never done any of the things she now wished she had.  Never been bungee jumping, never took that second honeymoon to St Lucia, never learnt how to scuba dive.  Always too scared that she might die doing these things, and now she was certain that she would die without having the chance to do them.  And that was worse.
She had bought a silver Metro instead of the black Jaguar she’d always wanted.  She’d taken a family holiday in Devon most years, rather than missing a few and splashing out on a month in St Lucia with her husband.  They’d bought a three bedroomed semi in the country, and not the large flat in the city centre which was only just within in their reach.  Got a full-time job as a receptionist at the clinic where she’d been for over a decade; never took those acting classes she dreamed of.
Safe.
Always planning ahead, always making sure they lived within their budget.  They’d never taken a chance; never bought something that might put them in debt; never done anything that might be considered in the least bit dangerous or risky.  That was her problem, she realised, she was afraid to take risks.  She wanted to live on the edge and made all these spectacular plans, but she never went through with any of them.  She was safe.
As she struggled and strained against the leather gloved hand covering her mouth, these thoughts rapidly turned into regrets.  

Chapter 4



A short time before, Richard Tully had been peering through the thick blue curtains, watching the sun rise to its highest point in the sky.  The sun had long since passed that point and he’d grown bored of watching the same people pacing the streets.  He had seen the scene a hundred times before, but always found himself oddly compelled to watch.  He had come to a conclusion on the unnatural activity outside.  It was about control, authority and ownership.
He was folding laundry, thinking about nothing in particular, when the door opened.  For a brief instant he thought it might be his imagination when the form of his daughter came to rest in the kitchen doorway.  He was surprised to see her, especially in the middle of the day, but he didn’t let his shock show.  “Hi, sweetpea.”
“Hi, Dad.  How are you?”  She didn’t feel like she was talking to her dad, but a stranger.  She hoisted the too-large jeans up and fixed her hands on her hips to hold them there.  “I’ve, um, been staying with Aunt Kathy.”
“Thought you might be,” he replied, trying to fold a shirt that belonged in a bin.  Amber grabbed the shirt from him, screwed it up, and threw it on the floor in a rare show of temper.  She didn’t say anything and walked back to her place.  “Did you have fun?”
“It was… an experience.”  Why isn’t he furious with me for not letting him know?  Plus: no awkward questions.  Minus: he doesn’t really care.
“Thought you might’ve called though.  Or, have phones suddenly been banned down there?”  It was meant as a light-hearted joke, but Amber really couldn’t see the funny side. 
“Dad, you are so clueless,” she groaned, running up to her bedroom and slamming the door behind her, before she said something she regretted.
It didn’t matter to Richard that the girl occasionally got frustrated with him, and he didn’t mind that she spent much of her time alone or with that Alex lad.  Coming and going as she pleased and unpredictable mood swings were all part and parcel of being a teenager… to a point.  And Amber-Louise had long passed that point.  They had exchanged, what, three sentences apiece when she walked in and even they were stilted.  Why couldn’t she just talk to him like a real daughter?
Upstairs, having changed into a pair of white combat trousers and a baby blue belly top, Amber-Louise sat on the floor to lace up her blue trainers.  She reached a hand round and felt around for the two leather bound volumes she kept hidden there.  It almost felt like coming home now, as she was about to confide in her diary.  She hadn’t written in the journal since the day after her last birthday but it felt like an old friend.  Her diary knew all her secrets, saw all the things that went on in her room, knew everything that she couldn’t, or wouldn’t tell anyone else.

Well Diary, I guess you wouldn’t believe it but I’m back.  I managed
to escape my prison yesterday and I made it home at last.  Early this 
morning actually.  The last six months have been the longest and 
hardest of my life.  Granted, I’ve been through some pretty rough 
times, but nothing like that.
See, Liatruz (he’s the big, evil warlocky-typr) got some of his lackeys
to hunt me down and take me to this big, white cell thingy.  So, I 
managed to out-run them for a few days, hold them off like, but he
 must’ve put some kind of spell on them to make them resistant to my 
magick – which actually makes a funny kind of sense.  And when they 
caught up with me, they Tasered me into a 10 week coma (which was 
the most boring part of it).  My magick was no good in there, either, 
and I got punished if I tried to use anything.  But I spent the last six 
weeks working on this spell that might help me get out.  I never thought 
it would work but it did – I guess I should write it in my spell book if I 
can remember it.  I think they only made it work against known things, 
but it might have just been ‘cos it was a really strong one which gave me 
a splitting headache!  There were two parts to it; the first was one to 
weaken the magickal forcefield when the guards opened the door, and the second was just to jam the lock – that part didn’t work so good.  But after 
that, it was no biggie to hack my way through the walls and the Black Masses.  I picked up a few injuries along the way, but it’s gonna take more than a 
coma, being hunted like a dog, incarceration and a few cut and bruises to 
stop me.  
I wish I could talk to someone who’s been through this – one of the old 
Sisters.  I just want to know what I’m supposed to do.  I mean, I know I 
could talk to Alex but some things should stay private.  Even if I did talk 
to him, it’d probably scare the stuffing out of him.  Is it too much to ask 
to want someone to talk to who understands me.  Yeah, I know he’s gonna 
kill me but, it’s not just something I can accept – it’s not that easy.  I mean
think of the stuff I’ll be leaving behind and I can’t let that happen again.  I
 swore I’d get even with him for this and I’m gonna do that now.  I know 
nothing in the book’s gonna work on him, but I’ll try anything.  I’m fed up of
 this; him controlling everyone’s lives.
It doesn’t really matter that Dad’s usually totally oblivious to what’s going on. 
 It doesn’t even matter that he doesn’t take much notice of me some of the
 time; sometimes it’s even a relief when he doesn’t ask all those awkward
 questions.  But, can’t he just try to bit a bit more concerned like any other
 father?  I bet he wouldn’t even notice if I went away and never came back.  I
 mean, how can he not know something’s up when I come home in torn 
 clothes, or when I go missing for ages with no explanation.  Course,
 everything would be so much easier if he knew but I can’t exactly say ‘Dad,
 I’m a witch’.  Don’t get me wrong, I love being s witch and I wouldn’t give 
it up for anyone. But it’s hard keeping it all secret, especially when I can’t
 even tell my own dad.


After she finished writing in her diary, Amber-Louise lay back on her pillows and tried to rest.  But she soon found that she couldn’t stay still – it felt wrong to be relaxing when everything around her was so wrong.  Every muscle in her body was tensed and ready for a fight.  All her fingers were itching with the magick and fire bubbling away in her blood.  It wasn’t just Liatruz and his gang that had her crumbling, but she had to have a talk with her father to try and forge a more normal relationship.  But neither of them had ever known anything different – maybe this was normal.  It was as if they both had something holding them back from being open with each other.  
Secrets.
Amber-Louise opened the window and climbed onto the roof.  From there, she dropped to the ground and rolled to her feet, barely making a sound.  She stood up and started walking.  Now, she knew, wasn’t the time to be talking to anyone – it was too soon, and there was too much to do.  She needed to be alone, she needed to fight, she needed to get her head straight.
She had to understand.


Nicklewood was a pleasant enough town, more of a village really seeing as how the population numbered only 9000.  There was a shopping centre, a multiscreen cinema, a TV studio and some other more modern features.  Kathy Cotter had move here when she had split with her ex-husband, though she had remarried a couple of years ago.  She’d got a job as a runner at the TV studio when it opened and had stayed there.  They had since upgraded her to production assistant, though she still did most of the running about.  Secretly, she just thought the company were too stingy to pay another but that didn’t bother her – she enjoyed her job and it paid well.
It was when Kathy was washing the dishes and singing along to the radio that the phone rang.  She looked down at her wet, soapy hands and sighed, rolling her eyes.  “Great.”  Whoever that us, you’ve got really bad timing.  It rang a few more times before she dried her hands on the towel and went to answer it.  “Hello?  Oh, hi, Rich.  No, I haven’t seen Amber in ages.  Look, what’s going on?  I don’t believe you.”  She never believed him when he said that things were fine.  “I’ve gotta go to work in a minute so call me later.  You can tell me then.”  
Her niece had been missing for six months and now claimed that she had been with Kathy.  She didn’t mind being used as a get out clause for a few days, but six months?  The girl was always lying and making up stories.  Kathy found herself, not for the first time, wishing that she’d tell the truth for once.  Oh well, it wasn’t her problem anymore.


Amber had been walking around a more or less deserted city for an hour and had already killed two of the Black Masses.  It wasn’t just Alex’s name for them, it was the proper mystical name for them.  Maybe Alex had known that when he christened them that.  The girl found it easier to kill them if she thought of them as zombies with a pulse – not things with a name.  Which, in effect, was all they really were.  Zombies with pulses.  On the outside, they were obviously still very much alive; but on the inside, they were dead.  “Wanted… Dead or alive,” she sang to herself.  “If you want me – come and get me.  Come on, Liatruz, don’t let me down now,” she dared, almost letting herself believe that he didn’t know she had escaped.  Of course he knows I’m out.  This is probably all part of his big plan.  Lull me into a false sense of security, then set the big guns on me.  
Lost in her thoughts, Amber blew out all her breath as she was forcefully knocked to the ground by a black blur.  It took a moment for the dazed young witch to get her eyes to focus on the figure looming over her.  “We will not allow you to kill any more of our people.”
A tiny beam of white light extended from her index finger to push the figure back to a safe distance as she scrambled to her feet.  “Nah.  I’m not really the taking-orders type.”  She frowned.  “And since when did you become people, anyway?”
“You are a threat to our kind.”
“I know.  It’s good, isn’t it?”
“You wish to destroy us.”
“You say that like it’s a bad thing.  It’s actually a very good thing.”  Amber-Louise coughed and used her whole hand to hold him back.  “See, ‘cos this is my town, and these are my friends, and I’m here to take them back.  If killing every last one of you lot is what I have to do for that – I’ll do it.”  She was glad no-one was around to hear that – bad speech.  But I’ll be damned if I’m just gonna let him have the run of my town.  A ball of silver-grey energy grew in her other hand.  When it had grown to its maximum, she threw it at her former art teacher and watched her melt?    That gave Amber a weird sense of closure and she felt only the tiniest bit of guilt about it.  Mrs Legge was infamous for being Millford High’s toughest marker, and had failed her art exam last year.  She had often wondered when she would get the chance to get her own back. In fact, a few happy hours had been spent plotting her revenge, but never had she imagined that it would be so final.  “I told you hadn’t seen the last of me.”  She bent down and touched a finger to the puddle of black sludge; it had the consistency of custard and she stared at the black tip of her finger.
“Nice speech,” said a familiar male voice.  “Did you mean it?”
She knew it was Alex without even turning to look.  “Mean what?”
“About killing them all to get your friends back.  Will you?”
“If I have to.  I mean, technically, some of them are my friends but, if I have to.  I’ll do whatever I need to do.”  She turned to look up at Alex with her big, green eyes.  There was something there that Alex didn’t recognise’  “But I can’t do this on my own, Alex.  I’ll need your help.”  
Now he realized what it was – she was vulnerable.  “I got your back, kiddo,” he promised.  He took her hand and led her across the road to sit down with her on the windowsill of one of the abandoned shops.  “Amber-Lou.”  He was the only person allowed to call her that; she got upset if anyone else it.  “I want you to do something for me.”
“Sure, anything.  What is it?”
“I want you to go home and have a proper talk with your dad.”  Amber opened her mouth to protest so Alex quickly moved on before she could convince him that it wasn’t a good idea.  “No, you don’t have to tell him where you’ve been, or what you dream every night, or that you’re a witch if you’re not ready for it.  I just want you to be like a regular father and daughter.  It’s hard to see you so detached.”
“I suppose we do have some issues to get through.”
“You two seem so far away from each other, it’s sometimes hard to believe you’re actually related.  It doesn’t take a genius to see that there’s something wrong with that.”
“I wish this wasn’t so hard.  See if Dad’s game for a deep and meaningful.”


Richard Tully was working at his computer when he heard a key rattle in the lock.  Just as Amber-Louise walked in the door, he saved his work, logged off and turned to her.  He didn’t want her to think that he didn’t care, but, at the same time, he didn’t want her to keep lying to him.  How could she have been at her aunts when she had come back so badly hurt, and even Kathy denied it?  A lot of the time, he wanted to ask her about her where-abouts and what she had been doing but he couldn’t force her to tell him anything.  The only things she would tell him like that would be more lies.  “Hey, what happened to your shirt and your arm?”
“That’s a very good question.”  If only he knew how much I hate lying to him.  In truth, she had been so intent on getting home that she hadn’t noticed the long, jagged tear in her top, or that the fast-healing gash on her arm had reopened and blood was seeping down her skin.  “I’m not gonna lie to you.  I think we need to talk.”


The sun was just beginning to set when Alex arrived at the pile of rubble which had once been Millford South Library.  Half a mile down the main street was the rebuilt Central City Library, which had been constructed five years after a gang of arsonists had decided to burn it to the ground.  If you stood in the right place you could just about see the tip of the clock tower.  Most of the books had been burnt in the fire and some of them had been old, rare and irreplaceable.  He just didn’t know how anyone could be capable something that special.  Still, the ruins were as good a place as any to sit and think, or just hang out.  It was usually littered with fast-food wrappers and drinks cans left by gangs of kids who used the site as a meeting place. The area had been fenced off and a big yellow and black sign was fixed to the chain-link fence saying KEEP OUT: DANGER ZONE but some bright spark had ripped a hole in one corner big enough to slither through.  
He ducked underneath it and wandered around the fallen bricks and stones in the fading daylight.  There was no sign that anyone had been there in a long time – though he noticed that the rocks underfoot had moved.  Maybe they had been moved before and he just hadn’t noticed.  Alex usually kept near the edges of this site but found himself walking through the centre of it.  For one blissful moment, he forgot the danger he could be in whilst the sky was still touched by the last few rays of the sun.  His trainers made dusty prints in the dirt and he kicked at it over a large piece of thin wood.
“Mom!  Dad!” he called out quietly.  “I know you can’t hear me from where-ever you are, but I really need to talk to you.  So much has happened in the last 24 hours.  Amber-Lou came back today and she’s… I don’t know, just different.”  He felt like he could talk to his parents here.  He thought it was the quiet – he could pretend  that they were close.  “Things will change.  I’m not sure if it’ll get back to normal or not but we can’t stay this way forever, right?  That really freaks me out.  He’s got you two and I’m gonna help get you back.  I’m scared for her ‘cos I know how powerful this guy is, and I know that, sooner or later-“
“He will kill her,” someone finished for him.  Alex turned round, hands curled into fists at his sides.  He almost made the mistake of relaxing his fists as he recognised the face of one of his college friends, but then realised that all his clothes were black.  
“What do you want?”
“I want that girl for my master.”  He reached forward and gripped Alex’s shoulder, drawing the tiniest amount of blood with his sharp nails.  “Where is she?”
Alex tried to push him away with his hands, and bit back tears as his grip tightened.  “She’s somewhere you’ll never get her.”  He screamed as he was pushed back with enough force to land him on the opposite side of a large rock.  “she’s protected.”  The ex-friend jumped up on the rock and looked down at Alex.
“Where?”  When he got no answer, he crouched down and circled his hands around Alex’s neck, applying just enough pressure to let him breathe and move, but also to slightly worry him.  “Relax; I’m not going to hurt you.”
Alex looked down at the tiny spots of blood that had appeared on his grey t-shirt.  “I believe you.”  Then he looked up at the dark night sky, hiding the smile of triumph on his lips.
His attacker looked up too, just realising that it was night.  He let go and backed away quickly, uttered a warning and turned away.  “He will kill her!”
“How can he kill her when she’s already dead?”  I know what she’d say to that.  She’d go ‘I seem to be somewhat alive’.  Picking himself up from where he sat, Alex looked up to the stars.  “He’s already killed you.”
“Umm, no, he hasn’t.”  Alex jumped at the sound, but refused to look at her until she physically turned him around.  “See – standing here, very much alive.  What were you doing out here before, I’m guessing, you got mauled.”
“I was talking.  To my parents.”  Suddenly he wanted to look anywhere but at his best friend – the confession sounded silly out loud.
“They can’t hear you, you know.”
“I like to think they can.  I like to think they’re out there somewhere.”  He wrapped an arm around her and tilted his head to the sky.  “Somewhere.”
“Well, you’ll be pleased to hear that I had The Talk with Dad.”  Amber laid her head on his shoulder.  “And it lasted more than a minute.”
“Better than expected actually.  I didn’t tell him anything that only you know – I just don’t think he could handle it at the moment.  But, we did get a few things out in the open.”
“Such as?” he prompted.
“He said that he does get worried when I go AWOL, but he doesn’t freak out or anything ‘cos he knows I can take care of myself.  Which I thought was kinda sweet.  An, for the last six months, he knows I wasn’t at my aunts but I said I had to think and stuff.”
“So, you lied,” he concluded.
“No.  I didn’t lie.  I was creative with the truth.”
“So, you lied.”
“I lied,” she admitted, resignedly.  “Do you come here to talk to your mom and dad every night?”
“Sometimes.  When it all gets too much.  Most nights, I patrol.”  He looked down at Amber-Louise, feeling her hard, tensed-up muscles pressing against his chest.  She’s safe for now – why won’t she just relax?  “The people that are left – I make sure they’re not hurt or anything.”
Amber stood up, restless, and stared around her.  “Let’s go do that, Alex.  I’m fed up of being the hunted – I’m the hunter.”  Wordlessly, Alex got up and walked around the city with her.
Chapter 5



At midnight, she sent Alex home to get some sleep after a rather eventful day.  He was worried about her but didn’t try to get her to rest, knowing that it would be useless.  There was no way Amber could rest – she wanted to fight her way out of all the guilt she was feeling.  She had been weak and surrendered when she should have been strong and protected all the innocent people.  But how many innocents have I protected already?  How many have I left unprotected?  Finding none of the Black Masses on the south side of the city, she started north, looking for someone to take her frustrations out on.
North Millford seemed to be more strongly affected than the south.  A few bare streetlamps lit the streets just enough for her to see their silhouettes moving around in empty shops.  Amber decided she would come back with Ales in the morning and sort some of these out.  The safety in numbers things seemed suddenly appealing.  They were everywhere, in nearly every house and shop, though one or two of them had ventured out into the deadly night.  Stupid!  I guess brain-sucking really works.    Some of them saw her, recognised her as the escaped witch, and advanced on her.


Richard ran up the stairs and knocked on his daughter’s bedroom door, hearing a noise.  “Amber?”  Now they had had a talk of sorts, he felt marginally closer to her.  Teenagers were generally secretive and cagey, Amber-Louise was just more so than most.
Is everything alright in there?” he asked and pushed open the door.  She wasn’t in there, which didn’t really surprise him.  The curtains were flapping at the open window and the shutters were banging against the outside wall, which accounted for the noise he’d heard.  It was dark in the room with only a dim light from a bedside lamp to illuminate it.  The room felt strange to him, partly because he hadn’t been in there since she was11 but, mostly because he knew so many things had gone on in here that he didn’t know about.  He was glad that he had raised an independent young woman who wasn’t afraid to do things alone, but it didn’t make him half so happy as knowing that she was still a little girl who needed him to be her dad.
In the near-dark, he wandered over to the bed and sat down in the mounds of cushions and pillows.  The bedside cabinet held a small cuddly dog called Kermit – I always thought Kermit was a frog - who was propped against the lamp base.  Kermit was the toy he had given her on her fifth birthday.  The ‘Learn-to-read’ books had been thrown away with her crayons and dolls, and he was glad she had kept one thing from her childhood.  Richard smiled as he looked at it but his gaze settled on something glistening in the forefront.  He picked up a smallish photograph in a delicate silver frame, lost in memories and wishful thinking.  The snap had been taken last summer in the back garden, and was of him, Amber-Louise and Alex.  Amber was sitting on the bench curled up between them, with a huge smile on her face.  She looked so happy then – she never smiled like that anymore, hadn’t for more than a year.  He longed for the days when she was young and innocent.  She kept saying that a lot of things had happened to make her grow up fast – she wasn’t his little girl any more.  I don’t want... He wanted things to be the way they had been in the photo.  A time when Amber-Louise had been happy most of the time; when she seemed to need him so much.  Now, she had grown up and didn’t seem to need him nearly as much as she did.  Something happened, he realised, when she was away; something to make her so... so cut off.
He knew she was growing into a woman and needed to make her own choices, but he could help her make the right ones.  She, like every other girl her age, wanted to be independent and do things on her own which was understand.  But there were things even she couldn’t handle alone – but she had.  And no matter how much help and guidance he and her Aunt Kathy and Alex could give her she would always be alone.  And that cut him deeply.
Alone.    It was a word that didn’t sit at all with him.  He knew what it meant; how it felt to be alone.  To always have to rely on yourself.  To know that no-one else is going to get you out of trouble.
Richard, slightly embarrassed, wiped at the tears that had settled in the corners of his eyes.  “Big boys don’t cry.”  He smiled and gave Kermit a final pat on the head and propped him up against the base again.  “See ya, Kerm.”  He put the photograph back and switched the lamp off, knowing that Amber-Louise wouldn’t be back for a few hours yet.  The room pitched into darkness.


Leon Allsopp had been turned into this shell of a man along time ago.  He wasn’t sure how long, though, because all the days blurred into one now, so he guessed that it was more than a few months.  The nights were as clear as anything – he was scared of them.  If it wasn’t so serious to him, he might have even laughed about the silliness of this phobia.  Being scared of the dark was something his kids were guilty of, but now not being scared could hurt him.  And if he stayed out too long, it could kill him.  Which is why his eyes kept flicking to the sky.
He didn’t remember how he had been turned – that seemed to be wiped from his memory.  He had seen what his master could do and hadn’t bothered trying to run when they came for him.  It would be pointless because he’d seen enough to know that once they had you in their sights, escaping wasn’t an option.  So, he just surrendered – simple, easy, painless.  It was strange that he had no real memories of his previous life.  He remembered that he’d had a job and a large family, but he couldn’t recall important things like names and ages.  His only full memories now were from the time he had been changed.  Since his life had been enriched and he had become respected.  Fighting, stealing and hurting people had become right and no mortal had dared to question this topsy-turvy moral code.  He, and the rest of the Black Masses had had the run of the city; they had been unopposed; they had been feared.
Until she came along, threatening to tale that freedom away.  But, no matter how much they believed it, it wasn’t freedom.  They were still being ultimately controlled.  To Leon, though, it was freedom.  
“Get off me, you son of a – ow!” she gasped as she was wrestled to the ground.  “Ever heard of personal space?  Oh, and mouthwash!  What I wouldn’t give for a can of spinach right about now.”
“Spinach?” one of them – not Leon - said, confused.
“Yeah, Popeye.  You know. Are you trying to tell me that you don’t have cartoon in your world?”
“Do what we tell you,” another of them snarled.  “And no, we don’t watch cartoons.  But you can watch them all day where you’re going!”
“You?  Kill me?  So not gonna happen.”  Struggling against a grip that wouldn’t hold her for long, Amber gazed into the eyes of her next four victims.  Her mouth fell slightly open as a thought hit her.  These people were evil – well, not the type of evil she had been fighting for so many years.  They were another kind of the badness that Amber-Louise lived for – true evil; the total absence of all good.  Just as evil, and twice as deadly, they really were zombies who lived.  “Puppets!” she spat.  They held her fast and kept her arms pinned to her sides, but there was nothing they could do to stop her speaking.  She could feel them weakening as they pressed their full weight on her to keep her on the floor.  “That’s all you are.  Puppets – and Liatruz pulls the strings.”  Maybe it was the things she was saying, or maybe it was just being out in the night for so long.  Amber rather suspected the latter, but her speech couldn’t be doing any harm.  Words were her only weapon while she was immobilised.  “You just –“
“Invoka de flamma!” a voice yelled.  Flames began licking at their clothes.  The Black Masses stood up and scurried back to the houses and shops they inhabited, back to the safety of strip lighting.  “Are you okay?”  The now fully embodied voice stretched out a hand to help her off the ground.
She stood up, brushed the dirt from her trousers and coughed from all the brick dust she had inhaled over the last two days.  Amber looked up at him through her eyelashes, trying not to make some sarcastic comment.  I take back everything bad I ever said about your timing.”
“Did they hurt you?”
“No.  Well, maybe my feelings a little.”  She coughed again.  “They don’t even remember what cartoons are.  Can you say deprived?”
They began to walk in the direction of home.  It would take an hour or so but they had things to say.  “I didn’t know you could do that.”
“I wasn’t sure if those were the right words,” he confessed, sheepishly.  “But they seemed to work.”
“Alex, you’re really something.  But how did you know I was in trouble?”
“I was on my way home when I sat down because my shoulder was hurting.  Then I heard the shouting and came back.”
“What shouting?”  She didn’t remember shouting.
“You know: get off me you zombie freaks.”
But that’s shouting I did in my head.  Oh God, don’t say he knows what ‘m thinking now.  Amber quickly put up a mental block just in case he was invading her thoughts at that very moment.  She would have her fun with this new ability another time.  “Thanks for getting me outta that mess.  I thought they had me.”
“Hey, what are friends for.”  He smiled that special smile that made Amber want to throw her arms round him and hug him for ages.  But, he knew that she was too detached from her emotions for that, so he settled for the next best thing.  They held hands as they walked along.  “So, what were you saying back there about the, uh, puppets?”
“That’s what they are.  They aren’t evil – actually, they’re more evil than you can imagine – just not the kind you’re thinking of.”
“Huh?  Are you speaking English or some weird form of witchy language?”  Alex was visibly confused – to him there was only one kind of evil.  It was called evil.
“Evil is as evil does.”  Amber could tell she was making absolutely no sense at all.  “Their evil is one of the worst kinds there is.  It’s the total absence of good.  Liatruz found all the things that made them human and just sucked it out.  So they’re basically emoty shells.  No compassion, no soul, no humanity.”
“So, they’re not actually evil themselves but doing what he tells them to.”
“More or less.  You know, I think that’s why their eyes freaked me out so much – ‘cos I realised there was nothing behind them.”  She turned her head to the night sky and all the stars twinkling there.  “Do you think they’re up there?  Your parents souls, I mean.”
They walked along in silence until Alex answered.  “I dunno.  I hope so.”
“Alex, you do understand that your parents aren’t bad?  ‘Cos they’re really not,” she assured him, sensing his distress.  “They just don’t realise that what they’re doing is wrong.”
An hour later – an hour filled with idle chit-chat – they were back at the Tully household, climbing through the window.  “Sssh!  My dad’s probably asleep.”
“Sorry.”  He clambered through the window and thumped onto the floor.  “Please tell me you didn’t just see me fall on my –“
“No.”  She giggled at the blatant lie and closed the window quietly after looking up and down the street.  “If it’ll make you feel better.”
“Not really.  What’re you looking for out there?”  There was no reply.  “Are you okay?”  There was no reply again and she looked as if she had forgotten about him as she walked back to the bed.  “Please talk to me, Amber.  Is there anything I can do?”  He yawned behind his hand and watched his friend reach under her bed for the leather spell book.
“You can curl up under those covers and go to sleep.”  Amber-Louise opened the book and started to flip the pages.  “You look like you’re ready to drop.”
“What about you?  You need to rest too.”  Alex whipped his t-shirt and trainers off and started tossing the mound of cushions on the floor.  
“I can’t.  I’ve got too much work to do.”  She yawned and went on.  “There’s a spell in here that can make me go unnoticed, I think.  Plus, I’ve gotta try and find something on this bloke.”
“You’ll be no good to anyone if you don’t rest.  You need to get some sleep.”
“I’ll probably fall asleep in the morning anyway.  You don’t need to worry about me – I’ll be okay.  I always am.”
Alex was too tired to argue, but half-smiled as she made a compromise and decided to work on the bed beside him.  “Night, Amber-Lou.  I hope you find what you’re looking for.”
“Yeah, so do I,” she murmured, lost in her reading.  “So do I.”


Richard Tully awoke with a start as he heard a noise come from the second bedroom.  He reached for the Mini-Maglite torch he kept by his bed and turned it on.  Turning it on, he threw off his covers and edged out of his bedroom door…He scolding himself for thinking it might be anyone other than his daughter but knew that he couldn’t return to sleep until he knew that she was back safely.
He could hear voices inside the room and recognised them as those of his daughter and Alex.  He shrugged at the sound, and shuffled back to bed.  He was glad that she was home but wasn’t worried about where she’d been.  His attitude was seen as cold and uncaring by some people, but it was more about giving her what she needed.  She needed freedom and independence, she needed to feel like she could talk to him (I’m still working on that one).  


“Late for work again, Ms Cotter,” observed her boss as she signed in at the front desk. “My office – now.”
She followed him down the long corridor and took a seat in front of the big, oak desk.  “Mr Sneddon,” she began.
“Please take your shades off.”  Kathy obliged and sank further down in her chair, wishing it would swallow her.  Her eyes were red-rimmed from crying and worrying.  “Katherine.  You were told, were you not, to be here at three thirty sharp.  I make it now a quarter past four.”
“I know I’m really late and I’m sorry.  I can promise you it won’t happen again.”
“Too right it won’t because I’m putting you on a final warning.”
Final warning?  That was serious.  It meant that if she was so much as a minute late in the next 180 days, she’d be fired on the spot.  “But… but…” she stammered.
“Now, while there us no denying that your work here has been of the highest standard –“
“I can explain,” Kathy blurted.  Mr Sneddon looked at her expectantly, so she went on.  “My niece has been missing, and I only found out last night.  I was so worried when I heard.  Anything could’ve happened.”
“Oh.”
“She told her dad that she was staying with me but I haven’t seen her for ages.”
“I understand how upset you must be feeling.”
“She slid her dark glasses back on, glad that no-one could see through.  No, you don’t understand.  How could you when you don’t know anything about us?  “Have you ever had a member of your family go missing without trace?  It’s the scariest thing in the world.”
“Maybe, but it’s worse for your niece..  No family or friends to turn to – totally alone.  Imagine how she feels.”
Kathy shuddered and stood up.  “Like I said, I’m sorry about being late.”  The last six months had probably been worse for Amber than anyone else.


Alex Watson-Jones half woke up as the sun came streaming in through the uncovered window.  He turned over onto his side and threw his arm out.  There was nobody on the other side of the bed where Amber-Louise should have been asleep.  It was just after eight in the morning and Alex knew that she couldn’t be awake.  “Amber,” he grunted, before he discovered he was too tired to open his eyes to look for her.  For the first time in weeks, he was having a nice dream.  About how Amber-Louise would defeat Liatruz and everything would return to normal.  How his parents would come back to him, remembering nothing of the ordeal, and how he wouldn’t have to make up his stories to cover his tracks at night.  Of course, he knew that things might not turn out that way, but anything could happen in a dream.
In his minds eye, he saw Amber flat on her back on the floor – she was asleep.  She looked so peaceful but, even as she slept, a frown of determination and unease creased her perfect features.  How could such a young, delicate girl be expected to live like this?  But, somehow, she did, she always would because she was strong.  Because she had to.  And even if she did die young – Sisters usually died in their early 30s after being given their powers at 25 – there was no way she would go out without fight.  She had always found a way to win her battles.
It was coming up to midday when he finally woke up fully.  It was harsd to resist the pull of sleep, but sleeping wasn’t going to get them anywhere.  He sat up, stretched and saw Amber kneeling by the bed, once again reading the book intensely.  
“Afternoon,” she said brightly and glanced up at him through tired eyes.  “Finally woke up then, Sleepy.  Where’s Dopey?  Oh yeah – that’d be me.”
“I must have been more tired than I thought.  Did you get much sleep?”  He knew that the answer was probably no seeing that she had already changed and was drinking a bottle of water as she worked, but he hoped he was wrong.  “Or had anything to eat?”
“I think so, and no.  I slept for a few hours earlier but it wasn’t good sleep.”  She took another drink from her bottle and flipped another page.  “I can’t just sit back and take a nap whenever I feel like it.”
“Amber-Lou, come here a sec.”  He patted the bed next to him and rested his head on hers.  “Do you know that you’re the most amazing person I’ve ever met.”
“You’re the only one then.”  Idly, Amber clutched Kermit to her and nestled in his warm chest, just enjoying the closeness of someone she trusted.  “But that’s why you’re my best friend.  I was weak and I didn’t protect the people I should have, but you’re still here.”
“That wasn’t your fault.”  He yanked his t-shirt over his head and began speaking again when his head re-appeared.  “Even you can’t be expected to do everything.  You didn’t do anything wrong, so there’s no reason for you to feel bad.”
“But, there is a reason, Alex.”  Amber sat up, slightly uncomfortable at what she was about to say, but she felt as if she might explode if she didn’t say something.  “Part of me wanted to stay there when I left.  I was an ordinary girl, I wasn’t special.  I was… content just to stay there and live.”
“What’re you seeing?  That you wanna go back to be kept like a caged animal?”
“Forget it.  Forget I said anything.”
“So, why did you?”
I’m keeping stuff from you and I hate it so much.  But I’m doing this to protect you – you have to believe me.  She stuffed her feet into a pair of slingback trainers and ran a brush through her light copper hair, tying it back in a tight ponytail.  “Come on, go take a quick shower.  We need to go north and look for one of them – on their own.”
“Why?”
“I’m in a chatty mood.”
Chapter 6



It was midday and time for lunch.  He worked from home so, really, he could eat any time he wished but 12 o’clock had always been lunchtime in this house.  The computer could be a cruel task-master when you were working to a deadline.  It used to be common-place for him to pull all-nighters before he had got round to buying himself a computer.  As with all electrical equipment, Richard was very careful not to spill anything on it and ate on the sofa, although someone used to leave the keys sticky with jam.  No prizes for guessing who!
There were people milling about and chattering, or for want of a better word, loitering.  He glanced out of the window, then went straight back to his waiting laptop.  The sounds outside the house, and all along the street, no longer interested him or piqued his curiosity – he’d heard it all before.  That was until he heard two quite loud thumps at the back of the house and what may have been footsteps on the roof.  Suddenly, Richard felt much less safe.  It wasn’t because he didn’t take care; he spent virtually all of the daylight hours behind thick curtains.  He just didn’t know what was going to happen any more. 
The screen glared at him accusingly, and Richard made a feeble attempt to gather his thoughts enough to do some work.  But it was worse than impossible to concentrate on anything so mundane when his little girl was in danger.  Richard Tully was no fool.  He knew what was going on.  It was as if Amber-Louise didn’t understand the danger she was putting herself in by being outside all the time.  
Sometimes he really worried about her, but he knew that she was more than capable of taking care of herself.  It was hard for a girl to grow up without a mother figure around.  Maybe that’s why she was she was so independent at such a young age – because she had learnt to fend for herself.  Maybe that was why she visited her aunt every fortnight – a womans’ influence.  He had done the best he could for her, but there were certain things she could only talk about with another woman.  
So if he knew that his daughter was as safe as she could be, and that he was doing everything he could why am I so scared?


“If any one of you makes another attempt on my life, I’m gonna make one on yours – and I won’t fail!  Got it?”  Amber-Louise was pinning one of the Masses to the wall by the neck.
“Got it,” he choked.
“Maybe you ought to let up a bit,” Alex suggested.  He was standing at the side, watching the exchange, perfectly happy to let the girl do the work.  Oh, yeah.  That’s real macho.  “This puppet’s a real boy.  You might have more luck if you let him breathe.”  Reluctantly, Amber loosened her grip just enough to let him breathe.
“Yeah.  And I’m also kinda hungry too.”  A trade - food for information.
“Hungry?  You don’t start talking pronto and I’ll force feed you my fist!”  At that moment she meant it too.  So, the trade thing wouldn’t work.  “I bet you think you’re pretty clever by wearing dark glasses to hide your eyes –“
“But one look at your clothes says different,” Alex finished for her.  “I mean, who in their right minds would wear thick, black clothes in this weather?”
“We serve Liatruz, our master.  He is our leader,” the puppet recited in his monotone.  “We wear and do whatever he tells us to.”
“Oh, save me the speech!  Liatruz is our creator, Liatruz is the best – I’m fed up of damn Liatruz!  Next, you’ll be telling me he’s God.”  She sucked on her knuckles as she debated what to say next.  The guy at the end of her arm was a dead weight but seemed to weigh very little to the witch.  “So, erm, what exactly does he want?  Besides that whole world domination thing?  Because, you know, I’ve heard stories.”
“He wants you.”  Puppet took off his shades and stared down at her with cold, unfeeling eyes.  “You are a good witch.”
“That’s such shocking news,” she replied, boredly.
“You can destroy his work – him.”  So it was possible.  “We can’t allow that.”
“So, why did he capture me instead of just killing me right off?”
“Because you have power - power that he wants.”
Amber-Louise tightened her grip and shoved him against the wall again.  “Explain yourself.”
If he could stop you from stopping him making everyone into us, you would have nothing left to fight for.”  Puppet stopped, knowing that he had said too much, even in one sentence.  Amber just raised a clenched fist to his face and punched him in the head.  With the right… motivation, people would sing like canaries.
“You were saying?” she prodded.
“When your defences were down, he was planning to turn you into one of us.”
“What’s in it for him?”
“You would still have your magickal powers.  But, instead of using them for your good, you would use them for whatever Master commands.”
“Right hand man to pure evil.  Hmm – a tempting offer but I think I’ll pass.”
“We can all see your potential for our cause.”
“This isn’t a cause,” she spat, disgusted.  “It’s mindless destruction.  You don’t even know what you’re doing, or that it’s wrong.  He tells you that what you’re doing is right, then screws you up so bad that you end up believing him.”
Puppet tried to ignore the blood trickling down his face from a broken nose.  “Liatruz has not screwed us up.”
“Yes, he has.  And then he screwed you over.  And how –“
“Heads up!” called Alex from lookout post on the corner.  “More on th way!”
“Think you can hold them off for a few minutes?  Until I’m done with this moron.”
“Not likely.  There’s too many of them.”  He did a quick head count.  “About half a dozen, I reckon.”
Amber let go of the guy and immediately regretted not putting a holding spell on him.  “Stay!  I’m not through with you yet.”  He scarpered, as she had known he would.  Doesn’t matter, I got most of what I wanted anyway, she thought as she palmed her fist menacingly.  “You know what, Alex, I feel like breaking a few more bones.”
“Sounds good to me.”


“How could you let this happen?” he demanded.  Liatruz was standing in a large, cavernous room, fascinated with the way his voice echoed off the walls.  He was surrounded by a hundred of his minions and the walls were decorated with terrified people in chains, waiting to be changed.  It wasn’t nearly so sinister as people thought; he fed them and gave them straw mattresses to sleep on at night – it felt like home.  Though Liatruz had had many homes over the past few months and couldn’t really compare them.  “How could you let her escape in the first place?”
“She’s just too strong for us to be much of a problem.  When we go to her, she just knocks us down like toy soldiers.”  
“I don’t want your excuses.  I want that girl.”
“She still believes that she has something to fight for, Master.”
“Does she not see that we are in control now.  I am in control now.”  The warlock sat on the throne-like, stone structure that his minions had carved for him.  “Her very existence is pointless, so why does she insist on fighting me?”
“B-because you’re evil,” cried a woman from her chains.  Liatruz squinted his eyes at her and a black spark killed her instantly.  
“Never start a sentence with because,” he advised.  “She has escaped me once and that must never happen again.”  He had a reputation to think about, after all.  “You should have brought her back to me by now.  One little witch is that so much to ask for?”
“She’s too strong for any of us to even slow her down.  And now she’s got a friend to help her.  Together, they have depleted our numbers quite noticeably.”
“I don’t want to kill her, or anything,” he lied, grinning to himself.  “Well, not all the way.  I just want her power – that’s not so wrong, is it?  Of course it is, but where would the fun be if it was right.”  When the witch had first been captured, she had been headstrong and had tried everything she knew to get free.  He had, foolishly, thought that she was being worn down and was giving up the fight when she stopped trying to get free.  But she had proved herself to be cleverer and more powerful than he’d thought when she had escaped, made it home, and started taking out his subjects left, right and centre.  “I don’t care how you do it, I want that witch.”
Murmurs of confusion rippled through the crowd.  “But we have tried to recapture her, Master.  You yourself have been following her every move since she got out.”
“That is true,” he mused, thinking about something and nothing.  The something being the beginnings of a plan.  “I don’t give a damn how you get her – just bring her here.”
“We will get her for you Master, but it may take time.”
“Just do it!” growled Liatruz, frustrated that his brain wasn’t working more quickly.  The similarly dressed Black Masses dispersed, intent on finding a way to fetch the girl to him.
It was true that the warlock had wanted his plan of gaining complete control to be completed by the time the witch got out.  He’d been planning to let her out when everyone had fallen under his control, anyway, so she would get a nice surprise when she got home.  Most people within a 25 mile of here were in his control in one way or another, including many other towns and cities up and down the country.  But, one of his Masses or not, while they were still alive, she still had something to fight for.
Her cause.  To protect the innocent.


“Here.”  Amber-Louise handed Alex a mug of thick, brownish liquid.  “Drink this.”
He sniffed at it and wrinkled his nose in disgust.  “Erm, what exactly is it?  Poison?  ‘Cos that’d be pretty good right now.”
“Not even close.  It’s a healing potion.  Your arms a bit broken so this should sort it out.  It’s quite strong so it shouldn’t take too long.”  They were at his house which meant she could make, and give him, the potion without any awkward questions.  Alex was sitting on the worktop, swinging his feet against the cupboard and nursing his fractured arm.  “It’s kinda gross but it won’t last long.”
Alex took a sip and grimaced.  It was the worst concoction he had ever had the misfortune of drinking – and being Amber’s best friend he had tasted a lot.  “Yuck!  What’s in that stuff?”  Then he shrugged and tilted the offending mug to his open lips.
“That’s it – all of it.”  She looked on with mild amusement.  Then, when he had finished and wiped his mouth clean of the goo, she went on.  “Man, you’re good!  I wouldn’t drink that stuff if I was on my deathbed.”
“Why?  What did you put in it?” he asked, eyeing her suspiciously.  
“How does your arm feel?” she asked, gleefully avoiding the question.
“Painful!  I’ll give you first hand experience if you don’t tell me what you put in that gunk.”
“Oh, nothing too bad,” she replied, eyes wide with mischief and fake innocence.
“What was in it, Amber?”
Um… dandelion root, blood, milk, salt, and a few other things you really don’t need to know about.”  There were actually a lot of things in the mixture that she wouldn’t tell him about.  She knew that the Sisterhood would frown upon what she had just done for her friend – it wasn’t strictly part of her mission.  But, if she didn’t help Alex, who was going to help her?
“You waited until I was done to tell me that, didn’t you?”
“Yup!  Well, you wouldn’t have drunk it if I told you before.”  There’s something tp be said for this deception thing, after all.
“Got that right.  I think I need to wash my mouth out with bleach.”  He just sat there while Amber-Louise found a clean dishtowel and whipped his arm up into a makeshift sling.  “And I don’t even wanna think about the bits you didn’t tell me.  Okay, what are the unmentionables?”
“Unmentionable.  ‘Cos I’m not telling you.”  She tied the towel in a knot behind his neck and patted his arm.  “Is that okay?”
“Ye-ow!  But safe to say that they’re all gross, right?”
“No.  There were some not-so-vomit-inducing things.”
“You are such a bad liar, Amber-Lou.”  That wasn’t quite true though.  He could tell that she was keeping a painful secret from him, although she kept denying it.  If he didn’t know her as well as he did, he might even have believed her when she said everything was okay.  And if she didn’t talk to him about it soon, she would end up hurting herself.  And the people who cared about her.
She hopped up on the counter beside him and cupped his face in her hands.  “Hey, what’re you worried about?  You’re wearing your stressed out face.”
“I’m worried about you, Amber.”
“Me?  What are you worried about me for?  I can take care of myself.”  
“I know you can.”  How could he tell her that that’s why he worried?  Because she felt she had to do everything on her own.  Because if she carried on like this, she would get herself in big trouble.  How do I tell her that she doesn’t have to be alone?
They sat together in quiet contemplation.  Amber picked up the phone and punched in her home number; it rang a few times before there was a click on the other end.  “Hey D –“
“Hello.  You have reached…”
“It’s the machine,” she explained to Alex.  “It’ll be sore for a day ir so, but it should be workable soon.  Your arm, I mean.”
“…after the tone.”
“Dad, it’s just me.  Are you okay?  You usually answer straight away but you’re probably too busy.  Anyway, I just wanted to tell you that I won’t be home for a while yet.  Alex had a bit of an accident so I’m staying with him until he’s sorted.”  That wasn’t too far from the truth – there had been an accident.  He just wasn’t getting patched up in the hospital.  “Be careful, and don’t even think of going outside yet.  I’ll probably be late but I’ll be okay.  See you later.”
“Sounds like you two have made up.”
“Not really.  He’s just another problem to keep out of the way at the moment.  I hate this – not being able to tell him about myself; having to keep all these secrets.  It’s like I’m living a double life, or something.  I’m trying to be an ordinary girl for Dad, and a witch who fights evil for me.”  She uncapped her trusty water bottle and took a drink.  “I’m trying to do this right but I don’t know how much longer I can keep it up.”
Now it was Alex’s turn to hold her chin in his free hand.  He gazed into her deep, determined green eyes.  The saying’s true – the eyes really are the window to the soul.  “Amber-Louise, you’re doing your best.  That’s all anyone can do.”
“But what if my best isn’t good enough, Alex?”  Her eyes glazed over with tears she wouldn’t cry.  “I feel like something’s gotta give.”
“You’ll work it out,” he said, confidently.  “You’ll figure out what you need to do.  You always do.”  As they slid off the counter and went through to the other room, Alex opened his mouth to ask the question that had been on the tip of his tongue all day.  “You know you said you’d kill any of the zombie people who tried to get you.  What would you do if nit was one of my parents who attacked you?”  That had been bugging him all day, and he was glad he’d finally got it off his chest.
“Don’t know.  Guess I hadn’t really thought about it.”  She curled up on the sofa next to Alex and they curled up together, just like they used to.  “Run away?” she tried.  
“Will you talk to me about whatever’s happened?  I want to help you if I can.”
Please, Alex, I’m trying to protect you.  “If you how I felt, what I’ve been through, what I’m going through right now, you’d hate me.”  She truly believed that.  How can you tell your best friend that you hate it here?  “I wish I could tell you that everything’s gonna go back to normal when this is done, but I don’t know.  I don’t know anything anymore.”  
“Sure you know stuff.  You know what you’re fighting for.  You know who you are.  And, you know you’re gonna win.”
“No, I don’t.  I used to.”  It was wrong to let him feel even a tiny bit of the darkness she was feeling inside.  She wasn’t sure of anything but the fact that she would die in this fight.  So, what did it matter if she kept all this to herself?  Nothing mattered anymore.  She caused enough pain alive; it wasn’t fair to carry on when she was gone.
How was she supposed to tell him that she had been happy in her cell – a girl, not a witch?  How could she say that she didn’t feel like a person; that she didn’t feel any of the things that made her human?
“You’re not happy, are you?” he whispered, wishing that the small girl would relax.  Alex hugged her to him and felt her shaking against his chest.  She was trying not to cry.  “I wish I could help.  I’ll be right here with you all the way, you know that.”
“I know.”  Amber nodded her head and looked up at him through long, fallen locks of hair.  Even sitting down, scrunched up as he was.  Alex towered a good few inches above her.  She closed her eyelids and shuddered at the images printed on the insides of her eyelids.
“You okay?”
“Bad memories,” she replied.  “I guess I’m just restless.  I mean, this is what I was born to do.”
“But?” he pressed.
“Sometimes I just wanna be a normal girl.  Thanks – for being here.”
Alex smiled.  She didn’t just mean she was thankful that she had a friend with her; but that she was glad someone who believed in her when she didn’t.  “You’re never alone, Amber,” he told her.  He tenderly fingered his broken arm and winced as he touched on a sore spot.  “Feels better already.”  And it did.
“See, with me around you need never visit the doctor again.”  Amber had never made a healing potion before – she had tried an assortment of other potions, but never a healing one – so Alex was kind of her guinea pig.  She didn’t tell him that though.  “Say hello to your local witch doctor.”
“Hello, witch doctor.  Hey, I don’t have to pay for this, do I?”
“Not this time,” she yawned, coughing at the same time.  “Maybe in the future though.  If you insist on breaking bones all over the place.”  She sat up and launched into a violent coughing spasm.  Her theory of swallowing too much dust over the last few days was backed up by the fact that her throat felt like sandpaper. She settled back into the plush cushions and let her eyes fall shut.  “I didn’t know you liked Marmite.”
It was a well-known fact that Alex detested Marmite, as many people did.  “You didn’t!”
Amber-Louise didn’t answer.  She had fallen asleep.
It wasn’t really an option to wake her up and take her home.  It was best to leave her where she was and let her sleep as long as she could.  She hadn’t slept in days and probably wouldn’t sleep for a while after this.

White noise.
If she could only find out where it was coming from, maybe she could stop it.  But it seemed to be coming from everywhere – the walls, the floor, the ceiling, even inside her head.  She covered her ears with her hands and felt an ocean of hot tears gushing down her cheeks.  Why wouldn’t it just stop?  It was one of a dozen or so things that were driving her crazy, but it was also one of the only things keeping her sane.  It was the utter quiet that freaked her out most; she had created this noise to keep the quiet out.  But now, she’d give anything to be able to savour the silence.  Amber had been here so long that she was no longer 100% sure if the noise was just in her head, or if the guards had started pumping it into her cell – she wouldn’t put it past them.
Amber-Louise had now been here for almost two years and had cried more tears than ever before.  She hated crying because she thought it was a sign of weakness; and because she knew that once one tear had dropped, more would follow.  The young woman was afraid that once she started crying, she wouldn’t be able to stop.  She had no more tears left now, though.  There was nothing left inside any more.  The intense exercise regime she’d developed what seemed like centuries ago took longer each day as she tried to get her muscles more and more toned.  
The guards had started to leave their stun guns outside now – whether it was because they trusted her not to try anything, or they were trying to lull her into a false sense of security, she didn’t know.  But she intended to use it to full advantage.  She might not have anywhere to go, no-one who was missing her; but no matter what horrors waited outside, it had to be better than the physical and psychological torment she was forced to endure here.
Amber had no idea what she was going to come across when she got out – if she got out – or what she was going to do.  A memory sparked in the furthest recesses of her mind; but just like that – it was gone.  There was something she was supposed to do, but she couldn’t remember.  If only she could bring it back...  Here, Amber-Louise was just a girl trying not to do anything that might get her killed.  If she could just focus and remember something, anything...  If she could just feel...
The door opened and a hulking figure in black set a plastic tray down on the floor.  “Food’s here, witch.”
“Witch?”  
He dropped his guard for a split second and Amber-Louise bolted.

The boy and his ‘uncle’ were wandering around town in the grey van they had stolen from a garage, as they did most nights.  The older man had received an injury (a dislocated shoulder) in their previous battle, and grunted in pain as he drove on.  The boy was learning to drive but was too unsure of himself to start driving around at high speeds as was often required of them.  They were both bruised and battle-weary but were geared up for another round.  
“Remind me why we do this,” said the older of the two.  
The younger man kept his eyes on the road in front of them, constantly on the look-out for bad guys.  “Because there’s no-one else to do it.”

Amber leant back against a brick wall, which was uncomfortable to say the least, crouched down as she was.  Everything seemed strange and unfamiliar.  She didn’t recall how the town was supposed to look and feel, but she knew enough to know that something was wrong here.  Her long hair was tucked in the neck of the ill-fitting sweatshirt she wore, and her face was hollow and gaunt looking.  Something was wrong with her too.  She didn’t remember anything.
Straightening up, she looked around her with wild eyes.  What was she doing here?  As she had walked through the alleys, that were different and yet, somehow, familiar, she heard the sounds of a fight.  Something stirred inside her – but what?  Breaking into a leisurely jog, she rounded the corner and looked up the street.  There was nothing to be seen and no sounds to be heard.  Amber-Louise squinted her eyes in that direction and listened for more sounds.  What was she going to do even if she did hear the sounds again?  Again, that weird feeling stirred in the pit of her stomach and she shot a kick out to her side.  It connected with a body and bone broke.  I remember how to do that.  
“We were almost completed,” said the grounded figure.  
She crouched down and stared at her before punching the woman in the stomach.  She felt good about beating up this person, as if this was what she was meant to do.  
“You’ll pay for this,” said the older woman as she ran off.  I’ll pay?  
She was nearly remembering things.  How could she profess to be better than any of them when they were on equal terms?  Neither of them remembered much about their old lives.  Neither of them knew right from wrong.  Neither of them could feel any of the emotions that made them human.
So engrossed was she in these thoughts that she never heard the engine of the van that was roaring down the street.  She rose from her crouched position and put a hand to her eyes as the headlights hurtled towards her.  Before she even had time to realise what it was and move, the van had hit her full on.  The vehicle had been travelling at such a speed that anyone else would have been killed instantly.  Amber flew a few feet through the air, thunked into the metal lamppost, and crumpled to the ground.  She barely whimpered with the pain of what must have been several broken bones, and, quite possibly, some internal bleeding.  
Two men rushed from the drivers compartment of the pulled up van.  “I honestly didn’t see anything, Rich.  I should’ve been looking properly.”
They both bent over the broken girl lying at the side of the road.  She was spitting blood and looking up at them.  Rich went down onto his knees and took one of her hands.  “Amber?”
“Dad?  Alex?”  There was a sudden moment of clarity as memories, good and bad, came rushing back to her.  Now she remembered who she was and what she was meant to do.
The younger man – Alex – smoothed her hair away from her face.  He touched her cheek, making sure she was really real.  “Amber.  I can’t believe it’s you.”
She coughed up more blood and closed her fingers tight around his hand.  “It’s me,” she confirmed.  “I got run over.”
“Does it hurt?”
“I remember.  I can remember all of it.”
“Remember what?”
Her mouth filled up with blood again and she spluttered, letting it drip from the corner of her mouth.  She remembered who the two men were, but she didn’t feel the love or the bond she thought she should.  She didn’t feel anything.  
Amber could feel a couple of bust ribs, had felt a few vertebrae shatter as she hit the post – she had never shattered her spine but imagined it felt like this.  Given time, she knew she would heal – only just conscious or not, she knew what was going on around her.
“I think she’s ruptured something vital,” said Alex, wondering if they could get her to the van without hurting her more.  
“Like what?” frowned Rich, watching her cough up more blood.  She had a far away look in her eyes as if they were losing her.  Her broken back arched suddenly.  “It could be coming from anywhere.”
Amber-Louise started to spill the tears she didn’t think she had left.  “Dad.  My heart hurts.”  She looked between the two of them with wide eyes.  “Kill me?”


Alex was sleeping on the floor next to the couch and pulled the blanket up to his chin as he dreamt about having a pet rabbit made of candy floss.  It might well be weird but it was the most regular dream he’d had for months.  At least it’s not whatever Amber’s dreaming about, he remembered thinking in the heavy fug of sleep.  He hated the thought as soon as it popped into his head, hated feeling glad that it wasn’t him.  Still, he didn’t want Amber-Lou to have to go through all this on her own.  Which is why he was sleeping down here; she wasn’t ready to be left on her own yet, and he didn’t want her to think that he had left her.
So it came as quite a surprise when she let out a short scream and rolled off the sofa to land on top of him.  “Sorry,” she apologised.  “You did break my fall.”
“Glad I could be of assistance.  Even if I have punctured a lung,” he wheezed.  Amber climbed off of him and sat back down.  “Bad dream?”
She nodded.  “Thanks.”
“You’re welcome.  What for?”
“Never mind.  It’s not important.”
Chapter 7



Frankly, Liatruz  was disappointed and a little hurt that the Sisterhood had seen fit to only send this pesky little child-witch to face him.  While it was true that he had been lying low for a few decades after his last recorded battle, he had hoped that it his reputation was still going strong.  It certainly seemed to be, as he heard his name whispered in paranormal conversation, but why should he be thought so little of to be offered this child.  
Ah, yes – his last battle against a Sister.  28 years ago, if he remembered rightly.  She’d been a resilient little thing.  Fiery too, with unruly flame-coloured hair which had earned her the nickname Red.  It occurred to him that he’d never bothered to learn her name, though Sinead rang a bell.  It had taken him nearly 25 years to recover fully from that encounter.  She’d thrown every trick in the book at him – hell, if it had been to hand, she’d probably have thrown the actual book at him.  Sinead (as he had decided to call her) had hit him with beams designed to burn flesh and balls of white energy that were meant to blur vision.  He’d shaken these off without much more than a few scratches and a slight headache.  Then she’d unleashed a verbal attack on him, not realising that the warlock was human and susceptible to physical violence.  His expertise in the black arts had given him the ability to morph into almost any form, but he opted to remain human most of the time.
Sinead was cocky, too.  She was sarcastic and had an answer for everything.  Liatruz had simply smiled her remarks away, not giving much rise to any of it.  He spat out a few of his own replies and took his own shots, but kept his cool.  Every word she said was answered, every spell she cast was returned, and after a few hours, Sinead was lying in a heap on the ground, her skin burning and crackling with magick residue.  The sight of her crying and pleading gave the warlock immense pleasure, but even he couldn’t to watch her like that for long.  And Liatruz was as kind as any other person with an evil agenda.  So, he had walked over to her, gave her some tissues tp mop up some of the blood and tears and swept her up into deceptively strong arms.  He had taken her to a smaller room and cleaned her cuts up.  Obviously, the witch hadn’t believed that he was doing this out of the non-existent goodness of his heart.  But she had let him clean her up nonetheless, and intended to restart the battle the following day. 
But, while she slept, Liatruz strapped her wrists together and tied that piece of leather behind a metal strut beneath the wooden bed.  When she’d woken up the next day, he subjected her to what he proudly described as a Nazi-style interrogation – actually, the Gestapo had stolen the technique from him but he wasn’t going to be petty – and the old torture techniques that had been developed centuries, possibly millennia, before he was ever thought of.  He could easily have killed her in their initial meeting (sometimes he wished he had) but prolonging the agony was a vice of his.  His downfall, some might say; yet he prided himself on being one of very few men to have succeeded in turning torture into an art.  If it was done right, he could makes victims last for days, even weeks.  Sinead had lasted almost a week.
It had been her 29th birthday when Sinead had finally died.  Her intermittent bouts of screaming were driving him nuts, as was her refusal to tell him anything remotely useful.  After 5 days, he got bored of her and killed her with a single blast
It had been a relatively entertaining fight but one of his most his most draining, also.  The witch had been powerful, persistent, but certainly not the strongest he had ever faced.  Not by a long shot.  It was times like this, when the memories came creeping up on him, that he felt his age.  His 350 year old mind was contained in this body of a laid-back, 50-something, ex-surfer, but even this age didn’t show in his movements.  The length of time it took for him to recuperate from that particular battle indicated just how old he really was, though this hadn’t prevented him from regaining his fighting – killing, he grinned – form.  A lengthy series of bar-fights and supernatural exchanges against increasingly tougher opponents had raised his game considerably, both physically and mystically.  He told himself that he was just stopping himself from slipping, but if the reports coming back to him from his troops were to be believed, he would need every second of that practice. 
The warlock felt patronised – no, insulted – that the Sisterhood would present him with this kid as his first proper witch in nearly 30 years.  Had he not been tracking this girl’s movements over the last couple of days, he would’ve sorely doubted she possessed half the prowess he’d been promised.  But, more than once, she had out-manoeuvred him and had one upped his magick.  She was so young; she couldn’t have been a fully-fledged member of the Sisterhood for much more than a week before her incarceration.  He’d known she was powerful then, when she refused to be broken by the total lack of hope.  But she was young and still held onto hope.  It was her youth that made her all the more appealing to him; her power was strong and fresh.  He was comforted by the fact that this energetic young woman relied heavily the assistance of a friend.  Together, they were tough.  But the friend could not help her down here.  She was beatable alone.  Everyone was beatable on their own, but he was in no doubt that he could fight them both if it came to it.

Most of the terrified people he still held captive told him how evil and heartless he was, but no-one ever asked why he was so evil.  There was a story.
A good boy in the mid 1600s, he had never drunk ale just as his father had instructed him never to do.  There was no danger of that; he was afraid that he might end up like his father.  He drunk too much and was often to be found in the ale-house drinking long after the servants had set out their supper in the dining room.  Getting as inebriated as he did gave no favours to his infamously short temper.  Liatruz (or Samuel, as he was then known) was beaten regularly by his father, along with his mother, and sister Catherine.  Sometimes it was for stupid things like being late down to supper, but most often just because he was in the way.  
One night, he found himself on the receiving end of a vicious verbal attack, which hurt just as badly as the physical abuse.  In anger and pain, he turned to his sister, who was playing in the kitchens and generally getting in the way of the servants, and raised his fist to her at her constant pleas that she played with him.  He hit her.  It felt good and, even though it was his sister, he didn’t feel guilty.  It felt good to have an outlet.  He just laughed when she cried, and for the first time, felt strong and in control.  He took a third swing at his little sister, but this time she screamed and ducked away.  Samuel twisted round, trying to find her.  The door to the cellar was open and he banged down the stone steps.  But even in the moment before he did, he didn’t feel the tiniest bit of remorse for hitting the girl.  
He was reaching for the light – his escape from this life-long pain.  The light; where nothing would ever hurt him; where he would be able to look down, smugly at everyone else’s suffering; where he would be invulnerable.  But suddenly, as if Almighty God had looked down on those final moments, he was torn away from the light and returned to the world he’d left.  When he opened his eyes, he was in eternal darkness.  

The power he had felt at hurting that tiny girl was probably where his desire to kill witches had come from.  The control he had always been subjected to as a child was probably why he turned people into his Masses.  His chronic fear of the night probably stemmed from coming to life again in his coffin.  The pure and unadulterated evil in his heart came from… well, he wasn’t sure where that came from.  But he didn’t care how it got there – it was fun!  He was glad he had spent a lot of time in America when Sigmund Freud was around – he could’ve had a field party with Liatruz.  
But enough about him.  He had to fine tune his plan to lure the girl into his death grip.  Liatruz had decided upon the tried and tested ‘bait’ plan.  He was going to have one of her loved ones kidnapped and held here until she came for them.  That had all been going swimmingly until he had realised that the youngster wouldn’t let her friend out of her sight.  If he didn’t know better, he would have toyed with the idea that she knew what was being planned.  That was impossible, so he chose the next option and had sent his minions after her father.  From what he had seen of her lately, she was very protective of him and would give up her life for him.  Maybe the girl didn’t realise it yet but she loved him more than she would admit to.  And that was what made him the perfect choice after the boy.
When the man had been successfully… obtained, he would be brought back to the lair where Liatruz would tie him up and possibly torture him.  The girl would arrive home and find him missing – it wouldn’t take a genius to work out where he was.  Just before she entered the house, the warlock would receive a call from his soy to tell him that she was closing in.  Of course, she’d come down here after him, hoping to find him safe and, more or less alive.
Then the fun could really start!
Two of his Masses entered the room holding a struggling man between them, one on each arm.  They unceremoniously shoved him across the room where he stumbled and fell at Liatruz’s feet.





Chapter 8



For the first time since she’d broken out of her prison, Amber-Louise took the time to stand still and look around her.  She was standing in the middle of a usually busy road, but since she had seen very few cars since her escape, it didn’t really matter.  They hadn’t just destroyed buildings and lives, but so much more.  Suddenly afraid of something travelling in the air, Amber dropped into a crouch and star ahead of her.  “I just wanted to come home.”
Alex frowned and pulled his jacket more tightly around him, giving him little more protection from the cool night breeze.  “You are home.”
“No.  This isn’t home.  It can’t be.”  The home I remember was sweet and familiar and mostly good.  This place isn’t any of those things.  “I don’t remember it like this.”
“It wasn’t like this until…” his voice trailed off.  He wanted to say ‘until you went away’, but couldn’t bear to see the girl feeling any worse than she did.  “It doesn’t have to be like this.”
“I should have been here to stop it.  Simple.”
“Amber, they were too strong for you.  None of this is your fault.”
“I know.”  She stood up and looked down at her feet, but her face still held that haunted, far-off look.  Alex wished there was something he could do to help her, not realising that he was helping just by being there with her.  Nothing could bring her back at the moment.  Tears filled her eyes once more and she bit them back, never letting a single one fall.  “I know.”  She had tried every spell she knew to hold them off, but nothing had had the slightest effect.  It seemed that nothing was as strong as black magick.
She raised a hand to her head and tried to press her budding headache away.  Her eyes closed, she didn’t see the car headlights until they were almost upon her.  In that moment, all she could think was I wish dreams didn’t come true.  She also thought that maybe her dream was telling her some truth; that she did deserve to die.  For leaving them to face Liatruz’s lackeys alone; for being as bad as the puppets he sent out; for not being a Sister.  But there was one truth the dream had lied about – she didn’t deserve to die like this.  She threw herself out of the way of the oncoming vehicle and fell on the tarmac.  “That was close,” she breathed, heaving herself to her feet with the hand Alex offered.  She walked back into the middle of the road and stared after the fast disappearing taillights.  “Good job there aren’t any speed cameras about.”
When Amber-Louise had made that lengthy trek from her compound to Millford, she’d known that she wouldn’t be returning to the home she had left behind.  But she wasn’t prepared for the horrors that awaited her.  The place was unrecognisable – as if some dark cloud of imminent doom hung over it – but she was determined to turn this into the place she knew again.  It was a fight she would lose, but at least she would know that she had done her best.  Anyway, what kind of witch – what kind of person – would she be if she didn’t even try?  
Amber took a deep breath and steeped forwards, leaving Alex behind.  It was hard work – keeping secrets.  Not just from her dad, but from her best friend too who knew her inside out.  There had been a few times where she had come so close to breaking down and telling him everything, she’d wanted to tell him so badly.  But she wouldn’t – she didn’t want him to feel even a fraction of what she was going through.  The memories of what had happened during her imprisonment seemed more painful and more real each time they came flooding back.  Being starved of food and abused with stun-guns, fists and feet each time she stepped out of line.  Having sanity-sucking white noise pumped into her cell 24/7 just because of what she was.  Being told by the guards that she was just a helpless little girl that no-one cared about – and believing them.  No-one could ever know about that.
A hundred yards behind, Alex watched her and smiled with no wish to catch up and break into her thoughts.  He had no idea what was going through her mind, and was oblivious to her pain.  He could tell that the girl was keeping something to herself but he wasn’t about to make her tell him.  Like she said, she would talk when she was ready.  It hurt to think that Amber-Louise was hurting and there was nothing he could do to help, except be there.  The best thing to do was to let her work through this on her own.  
He was so glad that she was home, but hated the fact that she had come back to this.  He looked around at the surrounding emptiness and began to see what she saw.  No wonder she was scared – the neighbourhood bore no resemblance to its’ former state.
Home.
The place where she should always be and feel safe.  Being outside all the time, patrolling the streets for the Black Masses, didn’t help much.  Alex knew that he didn’t have to be out here, especially as the danger factor was upped by the much sought-after witch, but he wanted to be here.  If Amber was facing death, they were going to face it together.  Never again would he leave her alone and defenceless.  
They had both started to wonder whether home would ever really be home again.  Whatever happened when she went to face off against Liatruz – as she inevitably would – they both knew that there was a chance that things wouldn’t get back to normal.  There were always effects from things like this – and the longer some-one was under a spell of any kind, the harder it was for them to shake the effects off.  Like the flu, Alex always thought.  I mean, Amber might beat this sucker but what if people can’t come back from zombiehood?  Or, what if she loses and he kills her?  Then I’ve lost my family and my best friend… forever.  God, all hail the King of Depressing.  There was just no way to be sure how things would turn out.
“Midnight.”  Alex looked at her curiously.  “At midnight, we fight.”
“Amber, I’m so sorry you had to come back to this.”
She turned back to him and walked back.  “It’s okay.”
“No, it’s not.  You haven’t slept, you haven’t eaten.  All pointers to not okay.  You won’t talk to me, you’re quiet and withdrawn.”
“Alex.  It’s okay.  I’m okay.  Or will be.”  She looked up to him, her eyes full of the strength he admired so much and something else.  Defeat.  The deepening twilight made the copper tones in her hair shine a little and her green eyes seemed more soulful than ever.  Something passed between them, some thing that no-one else could have picked up on.  “It’s not important.  Not right now.”

As the two youngsters turned into her street, the figure grinned in the llast moments of daylight.  It seemed an especially nasty expression in the reaches of the lamplight.  They had no idea what the rest of the night would hold and their blissful ignorance showed itself in the way they carried themselves.  If he had been able to, he probably would have felt sorry for them.  Instead, he felt strangely smug that he knew exactly what was going to happen before she even had a clue.  Liatruz had briefed him on how important this was before sending him on this mission.  It was more or less a suicide mission, but he felt like a king at being awarded a task so vital.  It was dark now and he could feel the moonlight tingling on the top of his head.  Much longer and he would seriously start burning – it was worth it to carry out this job and to make Master proud of him.
Liatruz had managed to capture the girl’s father and was currently holding, and possibly torturing, him at his lair right now.  His job was to let him know when she and her friend had entered the house and found the man was missing.  It wasn’t hard to figure out what would happen next: she’d go mental and worry like hell; they’d spend a little while figuring out what had happened and where he was; then she’d come after him.  It was all going right to his plan.
The only thing that was wrong is that the girl seemed to be prepared for a fight.  Maybe she was ready for a fight on her own terms.  But, he could see, his shoulders were slumped as if she had already given up.  That wasn’t part of the plan.  Her child-like hope was one of the things that had made Liatruz to decide to abuse her power rather than kill her.  That and the fact that she had so much power so young.  
They were about to enter the front garden so he took out the mobile phone he’d been given for this job.  He scrolled down until he found the number and pressed the talk button.  “Get ready.  She won’t be long now.”  He clicked the phone off and sat himself on the pavement under the streetlight and proceeded to watch the event unfold until the burn of the moon became unbearable.


Alex led the way up to the front door and stopped at the steps as he bent down to retie his laces.  The two steps to the door were jumped by Amber, and he wondered how she still had that much energy when he could barely muster the strength to drag his feet up the steps.  They needed a bit of light-ish conversation in the midst of this depression and attempted it, without conviction.  
“Did my venomous poison – I mean potion – work then?”
Alex let his arm dangle loosely at his side to show that it had.  “It’s not broken anymore but it still hurts though.  I could use it if I had to but I’d have to overdose on painkillers after.”
“Let’s pray it doesn’t come to that then.”
“Are you sure it’s okay if I stay over again?  I don’t want to get you in any more trouble.”
“It’s fine.  And I think it’s a bit late for staying out of trouble.”  She put her hand on the door handle and began to turn.  “Besides, I can keep an eye on you here.”
“That makes me feel so good about myself,” he drawled. 
“No, I didn’t mean it like that.  I know you can take care of yourself and everything.  It’s just I’m stronger than you magick-wise and they know where you live and I’d feel better knowing you were safe and…”
Alex straightened his aching back and grinned.  “D’ya wanna hand out of tat hole you’ve just dug yourself into?”
She turned the door handle as far as it would go and pushed against it, knowing that it often jammed.  It was definitely locked.  “That’s weird.  The door’s usually open.”
“Maybe he just locked it for protection,” Alex suggested.
“No.  He knows enough to know that that’s pointless.”  She knocked on the door and listened through the letter-box for any signs of movement.  There was nothing but an eerie silence which filled Amber with a chilling dread.  The witch stepped back and balanced at the edge of then porch.  “Back up,” she instructed Alex, who was standing a little too close to the window for her liking.  A pink glow began to grow between her fingers and she knew she wouldn’t reach her target.  
“Hold off.  I think we can do this without raising too much suspicion.”  He picked up a brick and banged it against the window pane, shattering the glass into a thousand tiny pieces.  “There we go.  And not an eyebrow raised.”
“Oh yeah.  ‘Cos lobbing a brick through my front window is totally normal.”
“Take a look around, kid.  You really think anyone’s gonna notice a little vandalism?”
“Good point,” she allowed as they stepped inside.  They went from room to room looking for the missing Mr Tully; Alex took the downstairs while Amber searched the upstairs.  “Dad!  Are you here?  Where are you?  Stop hiding now, Dad.  You’re scaring me.”  
“Amber-Lou.  I don’t think he’s here.”  Alex whipped her up a peanut butter sandwich as he waited for her to come down.  She liked peanut butter and jam best, but since she’d been away, all the jars in the refrigerator had passed their use0by dates.  “Maybe he just went out to look for you.”
The worried girl screeched to a halt at the door and took a chunk out of the sandwich.  “I told him not to go out, and he knows it’s not safe.  No, something’s…”  Her eyes found a yellow Post-It note stuck on the fridge door and she peeled it off.
“What is it?”
“Maybe nothing.  Come on.”  Alex followed her into the lounge and sat opposite her.  “I’d know if he was hurt or anything – it’s like and parent/kid bond, like you know your parents are okay.  But, he’s okay like that.  It’s just so weird that he’s gone missing right now.”
“Well, it’s been sorta quiet today.  Could –“
“Too quiet,” Amber observed.
“Trap?”
“Quite possibly.”  She stared down at the yellow sticker and chewed through her sandwich.  It bore a shaky smiley face drawn in red marker pen.  
“Why would he draw a smiley face before he left?”
“When I was younger, me and Dad used to leave each other these dumb little notes whenever we went out and we always drew little smileys at the end.  It meant ‘don’t worry’.”  She smiled at the memory but that was quickly replaced with a serious expression as she remembered the problem at hand.  But Dad wouldn’t just up and leave.  Unless this is some twisted form of payback.
“Don’t think like that, Amber-Lou.  He wouldn’t just leave.”
“How did you – oh, right.  And he didn’t leave, he was taken.”  She looked at the note again and then at the lino and carpet in the kitchen.  “Look.  There are faint marks round there which mean that he was at least taken against his will.”
“Well, if it is Liatruz and his cronies –“
“Which it is.”
“What’re we gonna do about it?”
“What am I gonna do about it.  I’m gonna fight him and I’m gonna die.  I don’t want you there.  It’ll be dangerous.”
“I know it will.  And that’s why I’m not letting you go alone.”

Chapter 9




To tell the truth, Liatruz thought that the child-witch would be here by now but no matter.  It wasn’t as if he was so impatient that he couldn’t wait to have his way with her.  Plus, it gave him a bit more time to torture her father and crush his hopes that his daughter would get here in time to save him.  But, for the moment, he needed the man alive; he was useful as bait.
He still felt as if he’d lost some of the respect he’d earned over the last few centuries, but was almost glad of being offered such a young, fragile witch.  As yet, her spirit had proven hard to crack, but he was in no doubt that she would surrender by the morning.  She was the youngest, and therefore most inexperienced, Sister he had ever encountered.  It had been her stubborn determination and her refusal to be worn down that had decided him to keep her alive and use her power in the first place.  She had a lot of power, and had only scratched the surface of her full potential.  What the warlock had turned her into his second in command, she wouldn’t use the magick for her good or to protect people, but for the evil that gave him so much pleasure.  
When even a little white magick became infected by darkness, it grew in strength as black magick.  So, if her massive amount of white magick was contaminated, she would have limitless supplies of dark magicks – the only downside of which was that she would certainly be a stronger force on the black arts than he.
“She doesn’t care about you, you know,” he grinned at Richard, who sat against the wall.  “If she really loved you, she’d be here by now.”
The wall was uncomfortable to lean back on and Richard found that he was shifting his position every few minutes.  “She’ll be here.  Then you’ll be sorry.”
“So why hasn’t she come to save you yet?  Oh, yes, of course, she’s more bothered about saving her own skin before anyone elses.”
“That’s not true and you know it.  She just wants to keep herself safe and I want her to think about herself first.”
Liatruz crouched down in front of him and dangled the key to the chains before him.  “See, that’s what I don’t get.  She’s supposed to be here to save you and then I get to have my wicked way with her.”
“You won’t touch my little girl.  I’ll do everything I can in order to stop you.”
“And that’s not a hell of a lot, is it?”
“You can kill me if you want, but leave my baby alone.  She can do things you couldn’t even dream about.  She does love me and you just wait – she’ll be here any minute.”  They both looked towards the entrance expectantly.  They always turn up now in the movies.  Come on.  Now would be good.  “Or possibly not.
“But she’d do anything to save my life.  I know she’ll be here soon enough.  But I’m not sure you realise just who you’re dealing with.”
“Oh, but I do.  I’ve had the last six months to get to know her.  I know her strengths, her weaknesses, even what she dreams about at night.”  He began to unlock the chains and cuffs, taking as much time as possible.  .”And it’s very good stuff.  I can’t deny that she surprises me, she has a lot of initiative that girl – you raised her right, but she can’t have that much left.  I mean, how can she save you when she doesn’t even know you like she should?”
“Because I’ve done everything I can to keep her priorities straight.  She’s a lot more useful to this world than I’ll ever be.  So if you’re gonna kill me di it now and do it quick.  I don’t want her to see it.”  Richard rubbed his hand over the horrible red marks around his neck where the rusty cuff had rubbed his skin off.  Liatruz hauled him to his feet and pushed him over to the other side.  He realised how tired and stiff his joints had become, and tried to loosen his limbs as he moved.  The tight chains were only the beginning of what would be a draining few hours, he realised.  


“What are we gonna do?”
“We?  There is no we, Alex.  This is dangerous – I don’t need to be worrying about you all the time.”
Alex was hurt by that comment – he’d always thought he was helping when he was just getting in the way.  “But –“
“I didn’t mean it the way it sounded.  I’ve stared death in the face loads of times before, but it’s never been certain before and I can’t expect you to take that risk with me.”
“Amber-Lou, I know I don’t have to do this but I want to.”
“I have a plan and you aren’t in it.  I won’t put you in danger.”  Suddenly all those fuzzy, out-of-focus thoughts became crystal clear and she knew exactly what she had to do.  “But I can re-jig things to include you.”  Actually, she had an important job for Alex and, not for the first time, she was glad that she wasn’t expected to do everything on her own.  “I won’t be a minute.”  The girl raced upstairs, he heard some clunking around before she ran back down ten minutes later.  She was dressed in a red long-sleeved top, blue tracks and a new pair of trainers.  “Dressed to kill.”  
She wrapped the note from her father in a larger piece of printed paper and stuffed it into her pocket.  Alex was at the computer busily scrolling down a page of text.  “I’m seeing what I can find about Liatruz on the Internet,” he explained.  
“What’ve you come up with?”  
“He’s a shape-shifter which means he could look like anything when we find him.”
She looked at the screen which showed a very graphic illustration of one of his previous adopted guises.  “Shoulda skipped lunch.”
“But, he’s human in essence and he stays in his human form most of the time which must be good.  He likes to torture his victims –“
“Dad.”
“Sorry.  But, he gets bored easily, if that’s any consolation.  Then he –“
Amber-Louise held up her hand to stop him.  “I’ve heard enough.  Does it say if he’s got any weaknesses?”
“None.  Except witches.  It says he uses black magick which is the strongest kind.  He’s resistant to all known white magicks.”
“Then we’ll just use some unknown magick.”
He turned off the computer, made a mental note to wipe the cookies from it later, and stood up.  “You ready?”
She opened her mouth to speak and coughed before she could get a word out.  “He wants Amber, he’s gonna get Amber.  Plus some extras.”  Amber pulled the long sword from the soft leather sheath strapped to her back and slid it back.  “Sisterhood special.”
“What happens now?”
“We fight.  I die.  Simple as that.”
Alex tied her hair back with a red scrunchie.  “How do you do that?”
“Do what?”
“Make everything seem so easy.  Just accept that this could be the end.”
“It’s not easy, Alex.  But living is more scary than dying.  Plus, there’ll always be someone to take over as a Sister.”
“That’s as may be but there’ll never be anyone who can replace you as my best friend.”  He held the door open for her and followed her out into the night.  “You’re very special, you know.”
“Sometimes I wish I wasn’t though.  Don’t get me wrong, I love being a witch and I wouldn’t swap it for the world.  It’s just that being this awesome witch is what got us all into this mess and I’m not sure if it can get us out.”  Amber adjusted the strap over her shoulder and hiked up her trousers.  “It’s nearly midnight – we best get going.”  She broke into a brisk stride but Alex still had to run a few paces every now and then in order to keep up.
“How do you know where we’re going?”
“I just know.”


“Aah, she’s getting closer.  I can feel her presence – stronger and stronger.  With every step, she seems younger.”
“That’s because she’s a kid.  My kid.  And I’ll die before I let you touch her!” said Richard, fiercely.
Liatruz looked over at the man in the corner who was being gently scratched by one of the torture spells he had created.  He’d toyed with the idea of Chinese water torture –that’s always fun – but had dismissed it for this one to save time.  Richards skin was already red raw and peeling in places.  “But you will die… eventually.  No need to worry about that.”  He clapped his hands twice and the scratching stopped.  “A child should be easy to crack.  But she – she has spirit.  I’ve never seen her myself; I’ve just heard reports of what she was getting up to while in… captivity.”  The word eluded him for but a second but when it was found, an evil smirk was attached.  “I thought she was going to be, how do you say it, a pushover when she quickly realised she couldn’t escape by magick.  Then she surprised us all by getting out and putting my children out of action.  How can her own family mean so much to her when she has no quibbles about destroying mine?”
“Your family are evil – always were.  Darkness runs in the family.”
“And soon she will be joining us.”  Liatruz grabbed Richard by one arm and yanked him over to the wall.  The warlock had an incredibly strong grip, and an incredibly short fuse.  He wanted to hear his latest victim scream for mercy, just as he would make the child-witch do later.  Tiring of his determination not to scream out, or even a plea for mercy, Liatruz rolled his eyes and cleared his throat.  “Still the brave little soldier.”  He held his hand out flat.  A tiny red dot appeared, no bigger than a pin point, and began to pulse in his palm.  “I’ll make you scream so loud.”
Richard stared at the red spot, transfixed.  He knew he should look away, look at anything but his hand, but he just couldn’t bring himself to tear his eyes away from it.  “You’ll pay for this,” he promised his kidnapper.  “Why are you waiting around?  I thought you wanted to kill me.”
Liatruz chuckled.  “You haven’t worked it out yet, have you?    You’re quite stupid really.  Here I was thinking you were playing dumb, when you really are dumb.
“You weren’t brought here so I could kill you – though that sounds very appealing at the moment.  No, you were brought here for a very different reason.”
“And what might that be then?”  If he could just keep Liatruz talking for a while longer, maybe Amber would come before he was hurt too badly.  The red light now seemed to be fighting it’s way from under the warlocks skin and – no, don’t look at the light.  It’s evil light.  With one final, concerted effort, Richard managed to drag his gaze from the almost hypnotic beam and up to his cold, ice-blue eyes.  After seeing the evil pleasure he found there, he had to wonder if the red light was all that bad after all.  “Teach me how to play the flute?  A ballet recital, perhaps?”
“Nice try, but no.  I’m not planning on killing you… yet.  No, I need you alive.  You’re the one person your girl will give her life for, without so much as a thought for herself.”
“So, you brought me here to act as, what, bait?”
“You have more brains than I gave you credit for.
“Now, what are her weaknesses?  What should I prey on?  She grows ever closer and I must be prepared.  How do I begin her end?”
“Why should I tell you anything that might hurt her?”
“Ah, loyalty.  I remember that.  Nasty, bitter stuff; full of repercussions.”
Richard shifted on his feet, trying to get some feeling back inti his left leg.  He wasn’t going to say anything that might further the danger his daughter was in.  He knew he shouldn’t expect Amber-Louise to drop everything and come to his rescue, but was glad she would.  He was more important to her than she realised, but until she felt that she could talk to him properly, he had to keep secrets.  It was always a horrible feeling though, he now realised, secrecy had its uses.
The light burrowed out from Liatruz’s hand and moved through the air in a slow arc towards him.  “Now, this might hurt a little.  Oh hell, who am I kidding?  This is gonna hurt a lot!”


“Think about this Amber.  He’s going to kill you.  You might be ready to die, but I’m not ready to lose you.”
“This isn’t your decision to make.  I’m not ready to die but he’s crossed a line by taking my dad – and he’s going to pay.  I’ll make sure of that.”
“By giving him what he wanted all along?  You’re letting him win.”  Panting slightly, Alex clamped a hand on Ambers shoulder and turned her to him.  “Are you ready for this?”
“I have to be,” she told him, her eyes wide and frightened with the now familiar haunted look they always held.  Oh, Alex.  I can’t say that I’m ready to give it all up ‘cos I’m not.  And I can’t lie to you.  “Of course I’m not ready to die, but I should.  That’s what’s always happened, and now it’s my turn.  Maybe I deserve it.”
“How can you say that?  Nobody deserves to die this young.  Especially when they’ve never done a thing wrong in their life.”
“I killed all those people and I don’t even feel guilty.  And now I’m trying to kill another one.  And I still don’t feel bad.  I just want it over.”
Alex bent down a few inches so he was at eye level, and noticed that her face had turned hard and cold.  He was itching to find Liatruz too, but it was important that she was ready.  At least she stood a fighting chance then.  
“Alex, I’m 16 years old.  There are a million things I’d rather be doing than saving the world.  Like sneaking into a nightclub or getting drunk.  But this is what I have to do.  It’s my job.”
“It’s not just your job – it’s you.  Even if you didn’t have your powers, you know you’d try to save your dad and everyone else.”  She’d always been an impulsive girl and Alex was positive she would’ve been like that without magick.  “I know you would.”
“Even with all the things I can do… what if it isn’t enough?”  She had prepared a trick that Liatruz wouldn’t be ready for but she was worried it might not work.  “What if I can’t save anyone?  What if I’m not up to the challenge?  What if –“
“Shh!  You can do this – I know you can.”
Amber-Louise twisted away from him, looked at her watch – twenty past midnight – and began to jog past the row of shops.  It wasn’t very far to their destination now – less than a quarter of a mile.  Alex ran a hand through his hair, nervously, and followed.


The young woman had no idea what the time was, but judging by how dark and chilly the night had become, she knew it must be pretty late. The few street lights that were still working (maintenance was virtually non-existent) were flickering as though the bulbs were in need of replacing.  That was good.  The monsters wouldn’t come out in such weak light.  She didn’t know much,, but she knew enough to keep out of their way.  
She was homeless.  Had been for years.  Her family had been killed when she was just 9, and she had been forced onto the streets to fend for herself ever since.  The police had chalked her up as just another runaway.  That had been good at the time – just another anonymous statistic.  A few years ago, she had taken a job on as a waitress in a diner and saved her wages to buy a ticket to England in the hope that she wouldn’t be found.  And now, just a week past 21, she was tired of running all the time.  
She brushed her jet black hair behind her ears and hoisted her jeans up.  She hated this.  The bad people were everywhere though, strangely, the night was now her cover.  Sitting down on the kerb, she clasped her hands behind her neck and looked down at her feet.  She’d spent so long running away from the bad things, there was nowhere left to turn.  But she could keep hiding.  There were no records of her here, she could disappear into the night and no-one would blink an eye.  Where would she go, though?  Just as the woman decided to take a walk to clear her head, she looked up and saw two dark figures hurtling towards her.  They couldn’t be normal people because they would be foolish to be out here.  It couldn’t be the monsters either  because they’d be melting.  
Gripping the chainlink fence behind her, she pulled herself to her feet and looked towards the couple.  They were almost upon her and she could tell they were both human.  They were headed for the ruins of the old library.  There was a girl and a boy; the girl carried some kind of weapon strapped over her chest.  “You can’t go in there!” she warned before they passed her.
They both stopped in their tracks and looked at her.  She walked a few paces to catch up with them.  “Who are you?” the boy asked, warily.  He had every right to be cautious.
“I’m India.  And I’m telling you that you shouldn’t go down there.”
“Why not?” asked the girl with the weapon.  Maybe it’s not the best idea to tell her what to do.
“Because he’ll kill you.  He kills everyone.”
“I know.  That’s why I have to go.  He’s got my dad down there and I’ve gotta save him.  I’m the only one who can stop him.”
“Who are you?”
“Oh.  I’m Amber-Louise.  And this is Alex.  You shouldn’t be out here – it’s really dangerous.”
“I haven’t got anywhere to go.  And how are you going to stop them?”
“Still working on that part,” panted Alex.  “Listen, people are dying and everything’s falling apart.  Stay here and you’re gonna get killed.”  
“I guess we can protect you but…  What do you think, Alex?”
“I dunno.  Short version: we’re going down to fight him.  You’re either with us or you’re not.”
“Sorry to be so blunt,” apologised the girl as she ducked under the hole in the fence.  “But time’s running out.”  Without so much as another word, the girl picked up some bricks and started throwing them into another pile.  She fixed her hands around a large sheet of timber and slid it over the hole to leave the opening uncovered.  
I knew this place didn’t feel right, thought Alex.  He crouched down beside her, ready to climb down at any minute.  “You coming, India?”
“What’s down there?  I mean, I’d like to know what to expect.”
“So would we,” said Amber-Louise.  She slid down the hole, happy to let herself free-fall the 10 feet to the floor.  Alex, now much more protective of his fragile bones, climbed down the side of the hole after her.  India pushed herself off the fence and peered down the hole before heading down.  Even though she had just met these kids, and she was scared stiff of what she might find there, she somehow trusted them and believed she wouldn’t get hurt.  “I’m with you,” she announced.  “Big fight – builds trust.”
Amber saw India climbing down and smiled.  She knew how hard it must be for her to blindly follow her into the unknown.  But already a bond was forming between them – trust, and Amber knew that they were going to be friends.  India wasn’t used to battling the things they were up against all the time.  
“I’ll do whatever I can to help,” India offered as she steadied herself on the ground.  “So, do you guys do this a lot then?  I mean, you look like you know what you’re doing.”
“It’s why I’m here,” Amber announced, walking down tne stripped tunnel, which had once been a bright corridor.  “How I live. How I die.”
“Stop talking like that, Amber-Lou.  You’re not going to die.”
India looked at Alex, then at Amber, and finally back to Alex.  “I’m not sure I understand.”
“I do,” said Amber.  “It’s like you said; he kills all the good people.  Which works out quite nicely ‘cos I kill all the evil ones.”  She stalked down the half-lit tunnel, flanked on either side by Alex and India.  She jumped the small step that marked the entrance and found herself in a semi-familiar room.  The old library archives – as good a place as any, I suppose.  “Love what you’ve done with the – Dad!?”



Chapter 10



Kathy was standing at the drinks machine at the end of the corridor, sorting out the change for a much-needed cup of hot, strong coffee.  Forget the water, I’ll just eat the beans.    She’d been run off her feet all day and was ready to fall asleep on her feet.  The rest of the crew had been working for just as long as her but, having a longer break, they had their own canteen to go to while she was stuck with the rubbish from the vendors.  The machine was out of order and, in frustration, she kicked it.  “Damn machine’s working again,” she grumbled to the man standing behind her.  “Sorry ‘bout that.”
Her break was nearly over so she decided to take a rest in the rec room until it was time to get back to work.  It was tempting to go to sleep, having been up and running for nearly 24 hours, and she found her eyes closing.  This close to a state of unconsciousness, Kathy didn’t know it but she was ultra aware of things that were going on.  Not of the things that were happening around her at work – which she should be worried about.  Things that were happening miles away.  
Something’s wrong.  It was a feeling she had become used to over the years, mostly because her niece had told her many times how screwed up her life was.  She tried to ignore this unease, tried to push it to the back of her mind, so she could concentrate on staying awake.  She couldn’t risk being late and getting fired – she was good at this job and she enjoyed it.  Her shift finished in a couple of hours, she enjoyed the knowledge that she had a full 48 hours to rest after that and that she would spend a minimum of 24 asleep. 
One of her friends, Lisa, walked into the room and flumped down on the chair next to her.  “What I wouldn’t give for a sledgehammer over the head right now.”
Tiredly, Kathy raised her dead from the sofa she was sprawled on and peered at her friend through bleary eyes.  “Can I go next?  After this, I’m going straight home and crawling into bed and no-one better disturb me until next century.”
“That’s a long time.  Actually, no, it’s not quite long enough.”
“The coffee machine’s not working.”  Kathy was too close to falling asleep and was saying anything to keep her mind busy.  Something’s wrong, was the thought that her mind kept coming back round to.  If she couldn’t just ignore the feeling, maybe it was something serious.  In a daze, she couldn’t quite put her finger on it – it was just a feeling, and a fuzzy one at that.
“…So, I was thinking that – what’s wrong?”
“Sorry, I’m just a bit spacey.  Fatigue, or something.  Uh, what were you saying?”
“Never mind.  I’ll call you later.  Back to the grindstone.”  Lisa sighed and heaved herself off the chair.  She pulled open the door, went through it and shut it behind her, leaving Kathy alone once more.  
Kathy let out a deep breath she hadn’t even realised she was holding and pushed herself into a sitting position.  As soon as she had finished work, she was going to call them to find out what was wrong.  As a matter of fact, she could do that now while she still had a few moments left of her break.  It was probably nothing (she was probably just being paranoid) but it was always best to check.


“Dad,” she repeated in utter disbelief.  The shock of what was happening barely even registered with her.  Her only concern was to get him safe.  Although she’d known he was being held here, she’d assumed he was just being used to lure her down to the archives and wouldn’t be hurt.  The man had adopted a Christ-like posture and had his head tilted towards the skies.  No, towards the heavens, Amber realised.  She always tried to read some deeper meaning into everything.  Liatruz was trying to do his brain-sucking thing on him.
“Amber-Louise,” he whispered tiredly.  “You found me.”
Looks like.  My dad… kidnapped… I was somehow supposed to ignore that?  Extremely not gonna happen.”
“Amber, you have to help me.”  Richard grimaced with the effort it was taking him to talk and stand.  “I can’t last for much longer.”
“Okay.  But how –“  No.  save Dad now, ask questions later.  “Just give me a minte to think.”  A shimmering golden glow emanated from every inch of his being, and it was this that held off the frightening red beam.  Maybe it was some sort of defence system everyone had built in, but being as sceptical as they were. The two teenagers thought not.  Even India, who had no idea that real magick even existed, knew that something freaky was going on.
Behind the two men were three arch-shaped openings in the cave wall.  Amber reckoned that they opened out into tunnels and, somewhere along the way, led into the sewer system.  If you don’t know your way around, you could get lost down there.  In fact, I bet people already have.  It gave her the creeps to think about how many rats were undoubtedly scurrying around in the sewers.  Probably even giant rats.  No, gotta stay focused.  In her head, Amber gave herself a slap around the face, realising that she was deliberately distracting herself from what was really going on.  The holes were way to far away for her to reach them unhurt, now that Liatruz was looking at her.  There didn’t seem to be anything she could do for her father without attracting unwanted attention.  Suddenly, she was glad that she had two friends behind her.  People who trusted her, who believed in her – they wouldn’t have followed her down here if they doubted her skills half as much as she did.  She didn’t want to let them down or get them killed, but…
“Here’s the deal, Liatruz,” she called across the large, echo-ey room.  “You let my dad go, unharmed, and you get what you’ve always wanted – me.”
“I’ve got a better idea,” he replied.  “Why don’t I finish your father off, and have you as the main course?”
“Evil doesn’t agree with me.  Or, rather, I don’t agree with it.”  
“You know you have no chance of winning this fight, yet you still come to do battle.”
“Let my dad go!”
“I don’t think so.  Every father deserves to see his daughter die in his own final moments.”
“No.  Not like this.”  She shuddered at the very words.
“Amber,” Richard croaked.  “Help… me.”  The golden light seemed weaker and she d
could just see the red beam working it’s way through this shield.
“Give me one more minute.  I’m trying to save your life here, it takes time.”  She turned to Alex and India, who were standing behind her.  An idea had just come to her and she had to put it into action now, before it was too late.  “India, I’ve got a job for you.  It’ll be dangerous but he’s not after –“
“I’ll do it.”
“Are you sure?  ‘Cos I don’t want you to think I’m pushing you into this.  And Alex will make –“
“I said I’m up for it.  I want to help.”
Alex nodded in silent agreement and Amber hated herself for having to put them in danger.  I wish I didn’t need them so much but I can’t do this without them.  “I’m gonna cut his flow of energy off but it’ll only last maybe a second or two.  When I do, I want you two to grab my dad and get the hell out.”
“Where?” asked Alex.  
“I don’t know – one of the tunnels, I guess.  To be honest, I don’t really care.  Just get safe.”  Amber-Louise laid a hand on India’s shoulder.  “Be careful.”
She watched as her friends began slinking around the edges of the room and twisted back to her opponent, one hand already reaching behind her for her sword.  It had been a bad idea to turn her back on him in the first place but, luckily, Liatruz hadn’t noticed her mistake, so intent was he on turning Richard against his daughter.  “Now, I may not be Buffy or Xena,” she brought the sword before her and twirled it as effortlessly and skilfully as a majorette would a baton, “but I can handle these things pretty well.”  She threw it, sending it twirling through the air end over end, and heard it thunk into the wall behind.  Unfortunately, her aim was not as accurate as it had once been and, although it sliced through the beam two thirds of the way, it missed the centre.  To subsidise this error, at the exact moment the sword hit the wall, she threw her hands forward.  A huge ball of white light shot into the middle of the room and immediately exploded, momentarily blinding everyone in the room.  
When the light faded away, Mr Tully was gone.


An almost blinding light filled the cave and, though the couple were standing just outside it, they found it necessary to shield their eyes.  At that very moment they both rushed forward and grabbed one arm of the unconscious man.  It was only just possible to make out the shape they were grabbing for, but with their eyes screwed up the light was almost bearable.  India looped one of her arms around one of his, feeling that the action was somehow disrespectful.
“You got him?”
“Yeah,” she replied.  “Do we have to be so rough though?”
“Afraid so,” he grunted as he dragged the limp form into the centre tunnel.  “We haven’t got time for gentle.  You wanna start hanging with Amber-Lou, you can’t let that bother you.”
“Not sure I get you.”
“Hang with her for a while and you’ll experience some really weird stuff.  It’s hard work but it’s more or less normal for me now.  I get withdrawal symptoms if I’m not in mortal danger for more than a week.”  He turned left and let the man fall to the ground in a tiny alcove, safely out of the danger area.  “Are you gonna stick around for a while?”
“It depends.  You two seem really nice and everything, but...”
“But what?”  They watched Amber throw what looked like a shower of tiny lightning bolts at the warlock, and then launch herself into a fly-kick at his head which connected with a sickening crunch.  Liatruz laughed in her face, seemingly unaffected by the blow that would’ve landed most people in casualty.  “This is all a bit too far-fetched, isn’t it?”
“Kinda.  I think I’m dreaming – it’s just surreal.”
“I know what you mean but I can assure you that this is terrifyingly real.  I’m glad you’re here.”  Alex shot her a lopsided grin and absently fiddled with his gold eyebrow stud.  “It might not seem like it but that little girl out there is going to kill him.”
India frowned and sank to her knees, watching what was happening between Amber-Louise and the big man.  She wanted to believe that this potential friend would be able to make things right, but common sense told her it was impossible.  How could the tiny girl, standing just a hundred yards away, stand a chance against the big threatening man.   Amber, however, didn’t seem to even care that he could easily beat her to pulp.  India wished there was something she could do to help her – then scratched that idea as she remembered that moving would attract attention of the fatal kind.  Okay, just being so close is dangerous but I’ve gotta see this.  “I know she told us to stay put but, isn’t there something we can do to help?  I mean she’s risking everything out there and all we can do is sit here and watch.”
Alex smiled at what he first thought was ignorance – then recognised as an innocence he wasn’t prepared to strip her of.  “We are helping.  By looking after her dad, keeping safe, and by having faith.  She couldn’t do this if she was worrying about us.”  He knew exactly what she meant by wanting to help.  “Amber knows what she’s doing.”
He felt privileged to be her best friend – Amber-Louise could so easily have shut herself off from the world; not let him into her life.  But she hadn’t.  And that was only one of the things that made her so special.  She had been through so much in her short life that people twice her age wouldn’t be able to handle, and she always managed to deal with it and come out smiling at the other end.  Well, not smiling precisely, but close.  He also wished that he could do more to help, but accepted that he would never be as strong as Amber.  “She knows what she’s doing,” he repeated, more to himself than India.  
“Uuurngh,” groaned Mr Tully as his eyes flickered open a short way.  “Yerrnh.”
India had been kneeling in the entrance to the tunnel, watching the stalemate in the cave, but she rose immediately at the sound and crouched under the archway of the alcove.  “Are you alright, sir?”
“God, what time is it?”
“Just before one in the morning, Mr Tully.  Please just sit back and rest for a while.”
“What’s going on?  Where am I?  Where’s Amber?”
Alex didn’t want to say too much or let anything slip that might put them in an awkward position.  “You’re safe.  Amber’s safe.  But you have to stay here.”
“Don’t move, sir.  You might have hurt your back.”
“I’m okay.  Who are you?”  He clapped a hand to the side of his throbbing head and slumped back against the wall.  Deep sleep had reclaimed him.
Alex could hear the sound of a scuffle behind him, and knew he should be more worried about it than he was.  If Amber-Louise couldn’t beat this monster, no-one could.  She had proved herself as a witch many times over the years – cheating death when it seemed impossible.
India saw the worried look he wore as he stared over his shoulder, and gave him a reassuring smile.  “She’ll be okay.”
“Yeah.  She’ll be okay.”  He really wanted to believe that; wanted it to be true.  But, as they shuffled on their knees to the opening, he could see that hope fading.
“Amber,” Richard whispered, weakly.  In his semi-conscious state, he dragged himself to sit with the youngsters under the archway watching, seemingly in bewilderment, as the sword worked its’ way free of the wall and floated back to her hand.  “Be strong.”


This girl standing before him with the cold, hard eyes, who had just tried to fracture his skull.  Was this the same girl who had been so torn up just a few minutes before?  Inside, she wasn’t nearly as confident as she appeared.  Well, after what had happened to every other member of the Sisterhood in her situation, who could blame her?  How could a young, foolish white witch be any kind of competition for the old, scheming, evil warlock?  
She had made the very same mistake that every other witch before her had – she had come here clinging onto the vain hope that she might survive.  But this one was different – she was cocky.  And she had something that none of the others had had; friends, family, people who wanted her to do well.  Who needed her to live to fight another day.  But it was pointless.  No-one could defeat him – fact.  A fight was still a fight, though.  No matter how simple the victory.  And she would live to fight again – just not for her current cause.  Liatruz knew he was nearing the end of his overlong life – he had as few as 25 years left – but he felt just as powerful as ever.  More so, even.  But it was always comforting to have a back-up plan.
Amber-Louise stood with her feet apart and leaned on the handle of the sword, whose tip she had rammed into the ground.  She looked at him, hard, and frowned.  How could I be sp stupid?  He’s either gonna kill me or mutate my powers.  I’m not loving the lack of options that end in ‘…happily ever after’.  It was going to be hard, this fight and any that came after, particular now she had put so many innocent lives in danger.  Her mouth fell open as something hit – two things, actually.  The first was a hard slap in the face delivered telepathically by Liatruz.  The second was a feeling that tempted her to give in to him.  Guilt.
But she wasn’t ready to give in.  Not yet.

Chapter 11




She took a second to take in the new stripped down archives.  The tiled walls had been pulled away to leave walls made of rough rock and brick.  “Homey,” she allowed.  “Now, I hear that you don’t want to kill me but turn me into your right-hand man, or rather right-hand person.”
“Who told you that?” he demanded.
“I had quite a pleasant conver- okay, I’ll be straight with you.  He squealed.”
“Why do you insist on trying to fight a battle you have no chance of winning?”  If it was all true and both of them were as strong in their field as they had been led to believe, maybe this would last more than five minutes.  A ball of ice appeared in his hand and he threw it at her.  She ducked, a little too late as she threw her sword to the ground, and it grazed her cheek.
“Which makes me wonder why you just want me alive for my magick and you killed all the others?”  She drew a symbol in the air and a dozen varied daggers appeared beside her head.  
She flicked her fingers outwards and the knives flew towards him.  He managed to fend half off them off with impressive moves, but the rest stabbed him in various places, the impact making him stumble to the side.  “Because you have such potential.  I can see how powerful you can be.  But, I don’t think I’ll let you live now.”
“The feeling’s mutual.  Trust me.”
“I think I’ll kill you now.”
“Is this the part where we threaten each other into submission?  ‘Cos I find that part extremely boring.  I’d rather just fight.”
“You are powerless against me.”
“Ooh, strike one,” she told him, sounding a lot braver than she felt.
“I have already won this.  Do you not see that?  Why must you come and fight me when you know it will end badly for you?”
“Guess it’s just one of my flaws.  I wanted to come home and you took that away from me.  You hurt my family, my friends, and you hurt me.”  She picked up the sword, hurriedly back-flipping away from a bolt of electricity.  That was a bit too close for comfort.  Amber gripped the handle in one hand and ran her fingers up and down the edge of the blade.  “I’m thinking it’s payback time.”
“You are but a child – a helpless, little girl.  The youngest, and perhaps the most naïve, I’ve ever had the pleasure of draining.”  If this girl could fight her way of her strong-hold, maybe he had underestimated her abilities.  “You must know that you won’t live to see the next sunrise.”
“I’m not going out without a fight.”
“Gutsy,” he muttered.  “Maybe I should open you up and take a look at those guts.”
Amber-Louise slid the sword back into the case on her back and walked up to him.  Her 5 feet 2 inches were dwarfed by his 6 ½ feet, but she looked up to him unintimidated.  “Maybe you should.
“See, I’ve figured it out.  Why you wanted to keep me out of the way while you put your scheme into action.  It’s because you know I’m the only one that’s ever been good enough to jeopardise your plans, so you thought you’d better keep me out of the way until you were in charge.”
“I am in charge here!”
“Shut up!”  Amber clenched her fist and swung it square into his jaw.  That’ll teach him not to interrupt.  “Only it didn’t work, did it?  I got out and I became an actual danger - I became a threat the moment you knew about me.  And now, that danger has become very real… for both of us.”
Liatruz leaned back out of the arc of the vicious punch Amber threw, but that was merely a diversionary tactic as she lashed at with a violent kick which swept his legs out from underneath him and sent him crashing to the floor.  “Elementary.”
“Maybe.  But it never fails.”  She coughed in his face, not bothering about manners.  She glanced behind him, while he was getting off the floor, to ensure that everyone was relatively safe.  They were.  
The warlock locked his arms tightly around her legs – too tight for her to shake him off.  He pulled and laughed his evil little laugh as she crashed to the ground beside him.  He rolled over until he was sitting over her stomach, and circled one hand around her throat.  “Neither does this.”


Still quite dazed and confused, Richard Tully sat cross-legged on the dusty floor, looking out into the cave.  The scene that was playing in there was surreal – except it was real.  It was happening and it was dangerous – and his little princess was in the thick of it.  He was witnessing the reality that no-one else ever got to see.  The reality that no-one wanted to believe existed. 
He was so proud of his daughter for having the courage to stand up for what she believed in.  This was serious and she didn’t seem scared of it.  He had always known Amber was strong – and very special – so strong that she kept everything bottled up inside.  Just for a while though, he stopped thinking about all their problems and, he watched.  A part of him felt as if he was an intruder in her world.  This was her life, not his, and maybe he was overstepping the mark by being here.  Maybe he wasn’t supposed to be seeing this, maybe it would be best if he just went home, maybe, maybe, maybe.  
He knew he hadn’t been the perfect father but (and he hated this thought) Amber-Louise hadn’t been the perfect daughter either.  She hadn’t had it easy, that girl.  Going through those tricky teenage years without an older, female relative around to help her.  Passing milestones like first boyfriend with no other girl around to talk to.  No wonder she had issues.  It was even less surprising when you considered that this was her world.  This reality of pain and violence and fear was all she knew.
A strange, yet familiar, feeling rumbled in the pit of his stomach, and creeped up to fill his heart and soul.  It made him feel all warm inside and he wanted to smile.  It was pride - Richard Tully was proud of his daughter and she might never know.  She was standing up to this monster with no outward sign of fear.  Her life was on the line, but she was willing to risk that to save other people.  “You’re a strong girl, Amber-Louise.”  If it was him, Richard reckoned he’d be running by now.  But Amber wasn’t – she stood her ground.  That’s Amber all over.  She’ll do anything to help others.  But this?  Was venturing into this strange world the only way to do that?  Probably.  Amber-Louise wasn’t even showing nerves, and she certainly didn’t seem prepared to die.  And that was good.  Because Richard wasn’t prepared to let her go.

Amber closed her eyes as Liatruz’s hands closed around her throat and felt them begin to burn into her neck.  It was hard to breathe – not because he was strangling her, but because a necklace of doubt was tightening around her windpipe.  Liatruz was winning – he was killing her.  Would it be such a bad thing if I died?  I wouldn’t have to fight all the time.  I don’t want to leave them but maybe the world would be better off without me trying to keep this impossible balance between right and wrong.    She filled her lungs with as much air as she could get and flipped to her feet, throwing the warlock off her.  “No.  Not like this.  Those who live by the book, die by the book.  Right?”


	What was happening probably seemed more normal to Alex than it did to the other two spectators.  Amber-Lou would be okay – she was too strong for something like this to break her.  Things had threatened her life before, but never had she needed to fight for it when there was such a strong possibility that she would lose.  And, she was doing it well – I don’t know if she’s winning though.
	As he watched the magick fly between the two, Alex could almost feel the air crackle with energy.  He didn’t know if it was good energy, bad energy, or a mixture of the two – but, whatever it was, it made his skin tingle.  Absently, he touched his arm where it had been broken less than 12 hours before.  It hurt quite a bit and was about as sore to the touch as a healing cut, but he was so worried about Amber that he didn’t even notice the pain.  If he hadn’t drunk that disgusting potion, his arm would’ve been in a cast for weeks on end.  If she could make him feel this good in just a fraction of the normal time – well, he just hoped that it was an indicator of the power she held.
	He watched his best friend pick herself off the ground, visibly exhausted but, looking ready to go another 10 rounds.  He loved that girl so much and wished he could protect her all the time.  She had been his best friend since they were babies and had grown up together.  Alex knew her inside out, and admired her strength of character and talents.  It seemed run-of-the-mill for him to watch the witch and warlock launch mystical attacks on each other, so often had he witnessed such events.  It seemed so unreal that he had to wonder if it had all been one vivid dream that he might wake up from, but he relished the knowledge that this was actually happening.  He liked having access to this world that was always hidden from view, knowing that there were awesomely powerful forces at work.  And Amber-Lou was one of those forces.  That was cool.
	Alex knew that she was putting herself in great danger – she’s always in danger.  He felt really bad that he couldn’t go out there and help her, but was a little comforted by the thought that she wouldn’t want him to risk his own safety any more than he already had.  Besides, Amber stood a better chance of defeating him alone.
	Amber-Lou could, and would, kill Liatruz.  Right?


	
	Stunned into silence by the cave scene, India stared as she attempted to make some sort of sense out of it all.  This was all impossible.  It had to be a dream.  So, why was she awake?  This couldn’t be real, could it?  She pinched herself to see if she was asleep –if this is a dream, Freud could’ve written a whole research paper on me.  She only succeeded in digging two arced fingernail marks in her wrist.
	But, this was real.  It took her less than a second to decide that she didn’t want to think about things she couldn’t explain.  It took her a couple of seconds more to realise the purpose of the huge battle she was watching.  India knew she was also watching the lead-up to her knew friends’ death.  She had finally found a friend that she truly cared about, and she was going to lose all that in the same night.  It wasn’t fair!
	She wanted to stand up – her legs had gone numb – but she found herself frozen to the spot.  Anyway, she felt strangely compelled to sit this out until its’ impending conclusion.  It was much easier not to think about all of the strange things bouncing around the cave and let it all was over her than it was to let it prey on her mind.  It didn’t take a genius to figure out that there was something very freaky going on here.
	In the cave was the monstrous man in dark clothing and the slim, petite Amber-Louise.  A medium-sized group of people in black converged on the outskirts and gathered behind her.  Amber said a few words and waved her hands behind her.  The men and women turned and walked away, into the harsh night.  India was confused, but she believed.
	Amber-Louise would be okay.  She had to be



Chapter 12



	“Strikes two and three.  I think you’re just about out.”
.	“Impressive,” he allowed, as her watched Amber get rid of his back-up.  “Not good enough though.”
	“No?  You best put me out of my misery then.”
	“With pleasure.”  He held up the flat of his palm and began to level it with her forehead.  “You must know by now that all the white magick in the world is no competition for the strength of black magick.”
Amber glanced over at her dad, Alex and India.  They were all okay and were watching her with great interest.  She smiled to herself as she saw them mouthing words of encouragement and belief, and she looked up to the warlock, mischievously.  “What about Amber magick?”
Blood had started to squeeze out of a scratch on her left cheek.  Her hair was ruffled and scruffy.  Her clothes were slightly dirty and pulled to one side.  She unstrapped the now less-than-useless sword and threw it to one side – she didn’t have any need for weapons – and fixed her hands on her knees as yet another coughing spasm came over her.  She always ended up coughing at the exact wrong times.  “I’ll be okay.”
“My dear, I really don’t care.”
“What’s gonna happen to me?  I mean, I know what’s gonna happen to my body, but what about my soul?  Like, will I ever think again?”  Amber0Louise didn’t listen to his answer – she didn’t want to know, and nor did she care.  She was just trying to buy herself time.  “You’ll never defeat me.”
“No?  I have all I need and more to kill you right now.”  Within the same instant, he unleashed a huge ball of what looked like black fire and it screamed through the air towards her.  Amber looked up at the sound of rushing air, totally unprepared for this attack.
It didn’t matter.  I’m a good witch and I’ll be damned if I’m gonna let evil rule my town.  So focused was she on her current task that she held up her hand as it hurtled towards her.  “That potential thing?  I think I’m getting it.”


If they strained their ears, the on-lookers could just about pick up the odd word here and there.  None of them particularly wanted to hear what was going on though – seeing it was horrific bad enough.  The magick was really flying in there; Liatruz didn’t seem much affected by it.  Amber, on the other hand, appeared totally worn out but determined to see this thing through.  
They saw the large black ball fly towards her and India scrunched her eyes closed, certain that this was the end.  The ball hit some kind of forcefield that was being projected from her hand, bounced off to the side and sank into the wall.
“Come on, Amber-Lou.  You can do this – I know you can,” Alex muttered.  He knew that she could do this, but she wouldn’t if she didn’t absolutely believe in herself.
“So do I.  You have to be the best you can be.”  Richard believed – like most fathers – that his daughter was unique and that nothing bad would happen to her.  “I believe in you.”
India remained frozen in place, but she wasn’t too weirded out to speak.  “Please Amber-Louise, I can’t lose another friend… not when I’ve just found you.”
A red beam – it looked like a thick laser beam – extended from the warlocks hand and stretched towards Amber.  About six inches from her head, it stopped and wavered for a moment before beginning to shrink back.  Looking as if she had been hypnotised by it, she followed it back towards her captor.  As she walked, her mouth opened and closed in what looked like silent prayer.  
Neither of the three wanted to let her go – to let her become something they didn’t recognise - but there was nothing they could do but sit and watch.  As Amber-Louise went to meet her unearthly fate.  As Amber-Louise was taken from them.  She would no longer light up the world with her presence.  No longer would she make everything shine that little bit brighter.  Or make sense out of nonsensical situations.
It took all of his willpower to do so, but Richard sat tight and didn’t move.  He didn’t rush to her side to try and help in these final moments the way he wanted to, or yell out like he felt the urge to.  This was the biggest thing in her life and she shouldn’t have to go through that alone.  If it wasn’t for Alex, she’d be going through her whole life alone.  Secrets.  That had always been their trouble – barriers stopping them from being open with each other.  It was weird to think that this may be their last moment together and things seemed just as awkward and stilted as ever.
“You’re winning!” Liatruz growled loudly.  “How can this be?”
Alex looked up, hope just flickering back to life.
Amber took a breather from her energy-sucking chant to reply.  “What can I say?  I’m creative.”  Her shoulders slumped and her weak knees could barely hold her up as she wearily began talking to herself again.  
“Why’s she talking to herself?” asked India.
Alex shushed her, knowing that Amber needed quiet when she was working.  “I don’t know,” he told her.  “But she does.”
One minute later, it was all over.


A thin black cloud drifted up from the warlock and Liatruz watched it as his own body evaporated into black smoke.
“Hit the deck, guys!” Amber yelled with the last of her energy.  The wisp of black smoke circled around the room, going faster and faster until it turned into a streak of flame.  That spiralled into an intense ball of fire which hovered in mid-air before exploding as forcefully as a small bomb.  The entire room erupted in orange light and heat.  
Amber found it incredibly hard to believe that she had seen the last of Liatruz, but repercussions were the last thing on her mind right now.  She screamed as the force of the blast pushed her down to the ground and a jagged stone edge cut deep into her back.  Something tugged at her ankle and she heard a noise.  The stone must’ve tore my trousers – I wonder if Dad can sew.  Her head bounced off the floor as the fire roared above her and all around her, and stars danced in front of her eyes for a minute..  Amber-Louise’s adrenaline levels were too high for her too feel any pain or even notice the smell of fire.  “See, this is why I told you to get down.”
Then everything went black… 
Chapter 13



Amber-Louise’s ghost hovered a metre or so above the bloody, lifeless body lying on the operating table.  The body was surrounded by half a dozen hospital staff who looked very busy and were yelling at each other.  She couldn’t recall how long she had been watching this procedure but she thought it might have been an hour or more.  A constant, high-pitched noise came from a machine, though a series of electric shocks had set it off beeping again.  Under any other circumstances it would have been annoying, but now it was comforting, being the only sign that the victim was still alive.
It was impossible to see what was wrong with the patient, but judging by the tight, frantic cluster of hospital scrubs, she guessed it must be pretty serious.  “This kids gonna die unless we get some bloods into her,” yelled the surgeon, adamant that his patient would live.  One of the nurses ran over to the internal phone – presumably to get some more O negative down here.  Anyone could see that the girl was losing a lot of blood, and Amber could almost feel the life leaving the girl.
The girl on the table flatlined again and after, what seemed like, an age of CPR and two electric shocks, she didn’t set the heart monitor.  They medical staff didn’t carry on with the shocks as they had done before, fearing that too much voltage had already passed through her.  “We’re losing her!”
“Her heart’s giving up.  It can’t do any more.”
“No, no-one’s giving up.  Not now.”  So, there was still hope.  Or, the doctors and nurses thought there was, at least.  If they weren’t able to bring the girl back – she’d be just another statistic, another figure in the hospital records.  But the sound from the uninterrupted monitor went on, accusingly.  Still believing that they could do more, the doctors and nurses worked tirelessly to resuscitate the girl; trying to mend what Amber-Louise already thought was an empty shell.  Even in death, she was as useless as she had been in the moments before.  However much she wanted to, however hard she tried, she still couldn’t save a life.  I can’t stay long, the ghost thought.  But, there is something I can do.  I can make them feel better.  I mean, tried their best to help someone – like I did – and o can make them feel like they actually achieved something.  She couldn’t let them blame themselves for this.  
Her vision was getting blurry and she knew it was time for her to leave this peaceful in-between world.  She fixed her eyes on the body as she began to fade away and be pulled into another reality.  She was meant for another world, but she wasn’t ready to leave this one yet.  She didn’t want to wake up from this dream.
The seconds stretched into minutes, and those seemed to go on forever.  The line on the screen didn’t make even the tiniest rise or dip, despite the never-ending efforts of the team.  A straight line that never ended.  So, that’s all there is to show for this kids life?  It’s her death.  Predictable, hopeless and never-ending.  The read-out from the machine didn’t change, and the body lay there on the operating table – unmoving, lifeless.
Dying…
Dying…


“… didn’t want to leave… had to… best for you both… so guilty.”
“…not your fault… my duty… did the right thing.”
There were some people in the room, and she could here them talking.  They sounded far away, near a door maybe, and they sounded as if they were going away.  She wanted to tell them to stop and come back, but she couldn’t.  Her voice wouldn’t work, her eyes wouldn’t open and she couldn’t move her arms and legs.  Hey, maybe my ears are the only things that work.  Not actually as funny as I thought.  She could feel her father gripping her hand and wished she could just squeeze it back.  “Please, you have to wake up.  You’ve got no idea how important you are to this world.  We all need you so much.”
“I’m sorry sir, but her vital signs are getting weaker by the minute.  You have to prepare yourself for the possibility that she might not wake up,” said a voice she didn’t recognise.  
Might not wake up?  Screw that.


Her brain sparked into action again a few days later, and she could feel sunlight streaming through the window to shine through her eyelids and warm her skin.  She tried to move but couldn’t.  Slowly she flexed her fingers and toes which might as well have belonged to someone else.  Ouch! She thought, gingerly testing her sore muscles.  No.  It’s good that it aches.  Fingers and toes have to be attached to something, which means I’m more or less intact.  Even if she couldn’t feel what they were attached to.
Something was holding her still and she was suddenly glad that she couldn’t move.  Every inch of her body (that she could) hurt and stung with a burning intensity.     Pain is good.  Pain means I’m alive.  And alive means I’ve won.  Go Team Me.    She snapped her eyes open and stared upwards.  “Can I watch the cartoons?”
“Amber-Louise,” cooed the nurse and walked over to her bedside.  “You’re awake.”
“I am that.  Hey, you guys don’t normally wear scrubs.”
“No.  One of the babies was sick on my uniform this morning.”  She checked the IV needle stuck into the back of Amber’s hand and felt for her pulse.  “So. I’m stuck in these for now.  That’s weird.”
“What is?”
“Your vitals.  I mean, your pulse was barely registering yesterday, and your blood pressure was on the floor.  Now, all your life signs are back to normal.”
“Wish the rest of me was.”  It didn’t surprise Amber as much as the nurse.  “Can I see my dad and my friends now?”
“The doctor should check you over first, but I don’t see why you can’t say a quick hello before he comes.  How’s the pain?”
“Painful,” she replied, truthfully.
“I’ll see if I can get you something for that.”
“No.  I like that it hurts.  It reminds me that I’m, y’know, not dead.”  She grabbed the remote control and flicked around until she found the cartoons.  Her brain was too frazzled to think about much, but luckily Foghorn Leghorn didn’t require too much brain power.  She threw the covers off, eased the needle out – never liked them things – limped over to the window and peered through the blinds.  Everything seemed to have returned to normal and people were going about their regular business.  “He won,” she murmured to herself.  “He lilled me.”
Tom was just being fed into the waste disposal when her family and friends walked in.  That bugged her.  How does that teeny weeny mouse always win against that big cat?  “How are you feeling, Amber?”
“Like I’ve just gone ten rounds with an evil, witch killing I should shut up now because I’m delirious.”
“Amber-Lou.  You’re okay,” Alex screeched.  “We were so worried.”
“Okay’s a very strong word Alex.”  She lifted the arm that hurt least and pulled him down to her.  “Come here, you big lug.  I think someone needs a hug.  Stay for a minute – I need to talk to you.”  She kissed him lightly on the side of his head and let him go.  “I’m not okay, bit I will be, one day, I hope.  Oh hey Aunt K.  You didn’t have to come all the way over here.  I’m not exactly doing anything that warrants a visit.”
The older woman just smiled and stepped into the corridor to wait for the doctor.  This was a time the girl should be spending with the people she was closest to.  She shouldn’t be butting in – maybe I’ll come back later.
“I’m so sorry I put you guys through all that yester – how long have I been out?”  Amber winced as she breathed in.  “Note to self… don’t move.”
“About four days,” India informed her.  “You were in surgery for hours.”
“Well, according to my chart, I got off pretty lightly.”  She reached over, grabbed it and began to read from it.  “Severe concussion.  Massive blood loss from a wound in back.  Broken ankle.  And numerous small bruises.  Pretty impressive for a… horrific car crash with no other vehicles or victims.”
“Thank God, you’re still in one piece.  We were worried sick over you.  I even drank a milkshake, and I’m lactose intolerant.  Suppose I was in the right place though.”  He always started babbling when he was relieved.
“Thanks Dad.  I’m so glad I didn’t die in vain.”
“Huh?  You’re not dead.  Anyway, onto good news –“
“Woah, slow down.  My brain isn’t up to speed yet.”
“Sorry.”  Mr Tully took a deep breath and carried on more slowly.  “India’s moved in with us.  That’s something to look forward to.”
“I’m in the spare room.  I know you need your space,” India smiled.
“That’s nice… I’ll have a girl to talk to.  India, would you wait outside with Dad.  I need to speak to Alex.”  She watched as they went out and went out, and waited for Alex to speak.
“What was it like?  Being dead?”
“It doesn’t matter now.”  A single tear rolled down her cheek – the first tear she had cried in what seemed like an eternity.  “It’s all over now.  What’s wrong with me, Alex?”
“I think you’ve just been through that list.”  He bent down and brushed her hair away from her face.
“No, I don’t mean physically – that’ll all heal.  I mean me.”  No more tears fell but her face took on a haunted look that always seemed to be there now.  “I think there’s something wrong.  I should be glad that I won the fight, happy that I’m alive.  But I’m not.”

Epilogue




I left hospital the day after I came round – the doc wasn’t too thrilled, she wrote in her diary.  And coming home should’ve been the happiest day of my life – but it wasn’t.  Don’t get me wrong, it was nice enough and I haven’t stopped smiling.  But I’m not happy, not really, even though I keep telling people I’m okay.  When I was dying – and dead – I was just there.  I didn’t have to worry all the time.  I was in a world of light and I could just, y’know, be.  And then I had to leave that behind and come back to this… darkness.  Everything’s changing – I can feel it.  I don’t even know if I should still be here.  I keep thinking that I… I don’t know.
I don’t think I could have stayed away if I had tried though.  I need something to fight for.
Onto less depressing news.  I made a new friend that day called India Payne.  She’s 21 and American.  Mostly.  Her mom was Jamaican, and her dad was French-Canadian.  She was born and raised in Malibu, then she bummed around in LA for a few years before coming to England when she was 18, which was very cool.  She doesn’t like to talk about her family, but I think it’s good that she’s confident enough to go and make a life so far away from home.  I could never do that.  I think India was homeless before she moved in here – it’s like she gives off this vibe.
Dad knows I’m different, but he’s still in denial about the witch thing.  I reckon he’s trying to ignore the fight with Liatruz rather than just accept what went on in that cave.  I can’t say I blame him – I’d probably try to ignore it if I could, it’s not exactly the most normal secret in the world.  I’m gonna have to tell him about this sooner or later (I’ll force him into a chair and go ’Right, Dad.  Listen up.’) ‘cos I don’t wanna have to keep things from him.  This magick is a huge part of my life, part of who I am, and I can’t keep him shut out from it.
Oh yeah, the fight.  Well, he obviously didn’t kill me, or I wouldn’t be here.  He died though; well, he exploded in that very dead-making kind of way.  I made this reversal spell which I wasn’t sure would work, but it did.  He tried to suck my brain but I kept saying the spell which turned his magick around on himself and he ended up sucking all the evil out of himself.  I didn’t use any of the spells from the book – I think that would’ve killed me dead.


She flexed her writing hand and slid the diary back under her bed.
“Amber.  You’ve got a letter here.”  India knocked on the door and walked in holding a white envelope between her fingers.  “I think it’s important.  It looks official.”
Amber-Louise took the letter and stared at the postmark.  She vaguely recognised it, but couldn’t place it – her memory hadn’t fully returned yet.  She slit it open and read it quickly.  ”Dear Miss Tully blah blah blah.  Man, this is wicked!”  Her face broke into a wide grin and she showed the letter to India.
“Oh, Amber.  That’s fantastic!  Can I go show this to your dad?  He’ll be so happy for you.”  The raven-haired girl took the letter and bounded down the stairs.  Sometimes, it was hard to believe that India was as old as she was, she was so excitable.
“Well done, Amber!” Mr Tully shouted from a downstairs room.  “I’ll buy you some new kit!”  Amber-Louise had been given a trial with Millford Ladies hockey squad having played for the U19s since she was 14.  There was no guarantee that she would get a place on the team but even she had accepted that she was quite a good player.  She hadn’t even thought about the fact that she wasn’t supposed to put any strain on her back or ankle.
Using her free hand, she reached up and grabbed the ringing phone from it’s holder.  “Hello?”  She sat down on the bed and tried to ram her feet into her trainers with one hand.
“Hey, Amber-Lou.”
“Oh, hey, Alex.”  She gritted her teeth against the twinges of pain that shot through her muscles and walked around.  It didn’t hurt too much to move but her muscles got stiff if she sat still for a long time.
“How’re you doing?”
“All major extremities present and correct.”
“No, seriously, how are you feeling?”
“Better I think.  So, what’s up in the world of the living?”
He could hear the tiredness in her voice and was proud of her for not using magick to heal her injuries.  She was naturally a quick healer, but he could tell it was getting her down.  “Nothing much.  I just thought you could do with a bit of an ego boost.”
She considered the idea for a moment.  “Hmm.  Does that involve doing lots of things I could never tell my dad about?  Preferably involving whipped cream.”
“I was thinking more along the lines of handcuffs… but whipped cream works,” he replied.
“Anyway, I’ve had my happy pill today.”  Amber-Louise climbed onto her bed and rooted around underneath for her spell book.  “I got a letter today saying that I’ve got a trial with the ladies team.  I mean, I’m not definitely gonna get a place or anything, but I can’t wait.”
“That’s great but, when is it?”
“I knew that was coming.  It’s the week after next but it’s not an issue.  I swear I’ll be alright by then.”
“Remember, if you feel the slightest bit of pain you must rest.  The opposite to what you’re not doing right now.  Or something.”
“Uh-huh.  I promise,” she vowed, distractedly.  With her free hand, she wiped two fingers over her forehead, and then ran them over the blank page, as if reading Braille that wasn’t there.  Writing began to appear but she didn’t watch. “India!  Dad! You ready to go?” she shouted, coughing slightly.  “Alex.  Remember what I said about not really being happy?”
“Sure.  It’s not something you tend to forget when your best friend says she wishes she was dead.”
“Promise me you won’t tell anyone about that.  I don’t wanna think about it.”  I don’t want to remember that happiness.  I want to forget the thing I could have had if I didn’t come back – peace.  “Look, I can’t really talk right now.  I’ve got physio in a few minutes – wanna come with me?”


To destroy magick borne of evil:-



In this time I shall defeat
In this place I won’t retreat
I wish the wrongs of all before
Not come to me as I am more
He is black as I am white
Into this dark I will bring light
He thinks my magick not so strong
But in this case I know him wrong
I pray my strength will overcome
He and all he has become
About the author




Wendy Maddocks lives in Birmingham, England, with her slightly crazy family.  She blames them for her twisted imagination.  Sanity is not her friend.  She enjoys reading and studying, working out and eating cake, which makes her fat and in need of yet another gym session.  (Yes, I’m a masochist!)  She also has a fear thing about sheep.  After graduating from university, Wendy began publishing her own work online and is always working on new writing projects.  What will happen when she runs out of ideas?
No, let’s not wonder that.

Connect with her on Facebook, Tumblr or on Twitter @writerwenz84

