

Into The Other




Livian Grey ©
30/3 Productions Ltd.

Smashwords Edition



This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.















Into the Other







THREE STRIKES

Chapter 1

Chapter 2

HARSH REALITIES

Chapter 3

Chapter 4

Chapter 5

Chapter 6

TO FORGIVE IS DIVINE

Chapter 7

Chapter 8







THREE STRIKES







































1

You’re in big trouble, Josie.
She’d dodged a lot of life’s bullets until this night. Near misses, she’d have called them. Scrapes. Now she’d finally been hit, and it was bad. Really bad. 
There was a casualty this time. She might’ve been defending herself, but right now it didn’t look that way. During her arrest, she’d remained silent — more out of shock than necessity. 
Brent’s neck had twisted at a disturbing angle when he’d hit the bottom of the stairs. It was only one storey; he couldn’t possibly have been that badly injured. 
Wake up, damn you! Wake up!
He didn’t. Josie’s nosey next door neighbour had called the police. Josie had been the one screaming and shouting, pleading for Brent to stop. He’d reached out to hit her again. 
“How could you be so stupid, Josie?”
All she’d said was, ‘I’m pregnant.’
He’d snapped before, but never like this. He’d been practically foaming at the mouth, and although he’d been drinking, Josie knew he wasn’t drunk. At least not blind drunk. 
Compared to Josie’s diminutive frame and lacklustre physique, Brent had a rugby player build he’d let get out of shape due to his sedentary lifestyle in middle-management. Yet he’d retained the required strength to beat her to a pulp. His dark brown eyes had been devoid of any compassion. 
She’d awoken a beast who’d marked her for death so quickly, she’d not had one chance to reason with it.
In the interviewing room waiting to be questioned, Josie’s foot was tapping, and her nails were almost bitten to the quick. She tried to slow her thoughts so that she could mentally put the events in logical order. 
She’d come home from the clinic and waited for the right time to tell him. Brent came in late from work — Bad day at the office, darling? Her day might’ve been a disaster; his day was always worse.
The police were going to ask why she’d stayed with Brent if he was so awful; so abusive. They had only been words before. She’d not anticipated Brent’s palm connecting sharply with her cheek, his strong hands then grabbing her by her arms to shake her.
Josie sipped the stale water from the plastic cup beside her, which did nothing to quench her thirst. There was a camera in the corner watching over her, recording her every move. Apart from her bouncing knee, she was still. Her mind was in a state of chaos. Demanding order proved futile. She’d be asked to take them through the entire incident, step by step. 
So, she’d learn the steps, like a dance. One misstep, she’d be caught out. What was the time when she got home? They didn’t own any clocks; the time on the microwave had never been set; she’d already taken off her watch. 
It was now dusk; that was four hours ago. The clock on the wall in the interview room ticked loudly along with the constant hum of the air conditioning. She was freezing, and allowed herself to go numb. 
They keep you waiting to make you sweat, don’t they? Someone might stick their head in to check on her, offering false concern while making sure she hadn’t slipped out. As if she could even go anywhere.
Josie forgot about her dance steps and slipped into reviewing the chain of events that had led her here. She’d never been truly down on her luck. While she hadn’t had the best of upbringings, very little in her history suggested she’d wind up in a situation like this. There’d been a couple of minor transgressions; juvenile moments that couldn’t be of any interest to the police now. After she’d finished school, she’d steered clear of the most common pitfalls. Being unremarkable probably explained why she’d only had menial jobs and not a professional career. She wasn’t a criminal. Her lack of a record had to be taken into account. It was self-defence and nothing more. Surely the absence of another witness meant her case would come down to simple hearsay. 
All these disputations and assumptions were failing in their duty to calm her. 
The only door to the room opened. Josie flinched and shut her eyes, sensing the intruder walking around the metal table to sit across from her. 
“Hello, Josie.”
Like a child waiting to be scolded, Josie carefully shifted her gaze to acknowledge her visitor — a gaunt man with long, delicate fingers. He wore a pale grey suit, the colour of which closely matched the pallor of his face. His neck was disconcertingly slender, seeming barely capable of supporting his skull with its weirdly narrowed shape. She inspected his wispy, white hair that aged his youngish face, yet couldn’t pinpoint his actual age by his appearance. 
“How are you feeling?” the man asked.
“Aren’t you supposed to be interrogating me?” she asked timidly.
“I’m here to represent you.”
The man didn’t have a single thing with him; no briefcase, not even a folder. His breast pocket was without a pen. Maybe he was going to tape their conversation, but he didn’t produce any recording device. The only piece of equipment in the room that could record everything was the camera in the corner.
“You’re my lawyer?”
“So I’ve told the officers. Relax, Josie. We have plenty of time to talk.”
“It was an accident,” Josie blurted. “I swear it. Brent slipped and fell; I was just dodging him. I thought he was going to push me.”
“Hush,” said the man in a soothing voice that did nothing but give her chills. “It’s not how the police see it, Josie. Your words won’t mean much to them. You’re in here now because they already think you’re responsible. Which is why I’m here to help, as I have in the past.”
Josie didn’t recognise this man. Neither his presence nor his appearance evoked a memory of him. “When have you ever helped me?”
“The first time was many years ago, when you were a child running from those bullies who’d terrorised you because you were so odd to them.”
She’d been chased more than once, but never in plain sight of an authority who could put a stop to it. 
“You remember the last time they chased you through the woods, don’t you? The gust of wind and the branches falling on them? They never bothered you again after that, did they?”
“That was a storm,” she said dully, recalling the event without much delay. That terrifying incident hadn’t left her memory. She held onto those horrid moments in her childhood. 
“I scared them away,” said the man. “I was there, Josie — a spectre to them and a mere gust of wind to you. That branch nearly broke that one boy’s arm. Oh, he did make a fuss about it, but he never came near you again, did he?”
“No…”
Trent Hardy had been a brute to Josie. He’d not even been in her class; he’d been in Year 6 and had singled her out when she was only eight. Whenever she’d managed to avoid him during the day, he’d practically hunted her down after school. Jack Wetherby was his accomplice, as always, the pair of them hollering after her as she’d darted through the trees and lost her speed. 
They’d have pounced on her were it not for the sudden crack and tumble of the giant branch from one of the trees nearby. Seeing them defeated, Josie hadn’t stopped to check if they’d recovered. The man was right; that was the very last day the school bullies had bothered her, and they’d cowered around her for the rest of the year, not picking on her, or any other kid, ever again.
“You weren’t there,” Josie said to the man. “I’d have seen you.”
“I can take another form, be it smoke or solid. I have many abilities.” 
“Like what?” Josie asked.
“I can invade any mind I like, and pluck out thoughts like hairs from their heads. People make wishes all the time. I’m very choosy about who I answer to, though. I can’t be helping everyone who comes into trouble.”
“Then why did you help me?”
“I have my reasons. The second time I came to your aid, you weren’t as blameless for your actions, were you?”
“What are you even talking about?”
“You were sixteen, and you and your friends put those firecrackers in Mr Garvey’s letterbox.”
“That wasn’t my idea!”
“But you played along, and you and those fools you hung about with were very nearly caught. You shouldn’t have gotten away with it, yet you did. Thanks to me.”
“We just had good timing,” she said, practically boasting.
“Timing had nothing to do with it, Josie. As I told you, I can manipulate many things, including minds. Mr Garvey saw you, and he recognised you, along with that weedy boy, Jason, and the burgeoning criminal, Malcolm. He was on the phone to the police right when I happened by and made him lose his focus. He ended up apologising to the person taking the call, saying he couldn’t remember what it was about. I even blew out the sparks and took all the evidence … as if you were never there.”
Confounded now, Josie couldn’t accept her good fortune had been thanks to a ghost. She’d thought the firecrackers had failed and fizzled out after they’d not heard any explosions. Malcolm had been disappointed, and Jason was just gearing up to try again on Mrs Richmond’s letterbox. Josie had called it quits and gone home, the rush from their misadventure having expired and boredom taking its place. She’d mucked around with Malcolm and Jason most of that summer holiday, and she’d had a crush on Malcolm, who had gone on to do much worse than vandalism. Last she’d heard, he’d been arrested for carjacking.
The man before her now could’ve been lying, except he knew too many details. Rather than ask him more about his intentions, Josie asked, “Who are you?”
“I had a different name once. I go by Calder now.”
“Just Calder?” Even the name didn’t jog any memories for Josie.
“Yes. I chose you a very long time ago for a purpose I’m now close to revealing to you. I’ve saved your neck twice now, and for my final wish to be granted to you, I have to ask one thing in return. I can make this horrible mess go away just as easily as I did those last two times. But you’ve now got to give me payment for my services.”
“I haven’t got any money.” She dropped her gaze and considered her grandmother’s ring. It was too precious for her to give up, but if this man could get her out of this disaster, it’d be a small price to pay. 
She slipped the ring off and presented it to him. “You can have this. I’d hate to part with it, but I’ve got nothing else of any worth.”
“What am I to do with a piece of glass?” Calder said to the glinting pale blue sapphire resting in the white gold setting. “You can live without a ring. I already know you cannot live without your baby.”
The man had to have read her mind to know she was pregnant. 
The child was unexpected, still Josie was determined to keep it, with or without Brent. Wishing she’d left Brent and said nothing of her predicament, her only other recourse now was to throw herself and her baby on the mercy of the court.
“No,” she whispered. “Never.”
“So, you’d rather go to prison? You can still go there with a baby on the way, Josie. They make allowances. What might happen to it after it’s born, I can’t say. I certainly won’t be around to help by then.”
“This isn’t fair. I knew nothing about you until this day. Now you’re demanding I give up my child? What do you even want with it?”
“That’s not for you to know. I can only say no harm will come of your child.”
“No. I can tell the police Brent’s death was an accident. They’ll let me go if I tell them the truth.”
“Will they? I can make this go very badly for you, and it’ll all happen so fast you won’t know when to catch your breath. All I have to do is walk out this room and tell them you killed that man, that you pushed him with all your might and malice down those stairs, and that you’re pleading guilty. There won’t even be a trial.”
Josie’s fear was strangling her. Calder wasn’t lying. By his sinister, sickly-green eyes and almost lipless smile, she could see he was prepared to carry out this threat.
“It’s not fair,” she repeated redundantly. “You’re not giving me a single chance to redeem myself.”
“You owe me, Josie. This is the only compensation you can offer that will put us square. I’ll not darken your door again if you hand over your child once it’s born. You’ll never see it again. Do you want to sacrifice your freedom like this? You won’t last in prison. You’re up for murder. You’ll be locked away for life, and you’ll not see your baby once the authorities take it from you. Besides, you’re on your own now, aren’t you? What could you offer your child now without a job or a home?”
“Where are you going to take it?”
“I have a suitable place. You’ll never find it, though. So, don’t think to look for it. What will it be, Josie?”
“You can’t do this,” she whispered harshly. “You can’t.”
“I can do anything I like.”
“You have to tell me why you chose me,” she pressed.
“I had a feeling you’d take your luck for granted, which you have. You’ll appreciate this chance if you play it right. Your baby, or your freedom. That’s all you have to decide.”
The panic now had her throat in a vice, and she was gasping for air. The door behind her only led to more danger, and her salvation now was a malignant stranger with a bargain so bizarre, no sane person would ever believe it. But her terror was going to drive her mad enough to consider any way out. 
“There must be something else you can take,” Josie said imploringly, close to weeping. “I’ll find something. I can ask for money.” 
There wasn’t anyone to ask. Josie hadn’t spoken to her family in a year since she’d moved in with Brent, and even her closest friends were hard to reach these days.
“I said I don’t want your money. I haven’t any need for the jewels and coins of this realm.”
“But what need do you have of my baby?”
“Nothing nefarious. I intend to raise it as my own, and I’ll not harm a hair on its head.”
“I don’t believe you,” she shouted, the sound startling her, but not him. “You’re going to hurt it.”
“I’ll do nothing of the sort. You have my word the child shall not suffer. I’m offering your baby far more than you can, Josie. I can give your son or daughter a wondrous life that you cannot even imagine. Your child will be kept healthy and happy with me. Besides, you’ve already said you have nothing. You cannot care for a child with nothing.”
“I was going to find a way. I just need a chance.”
“You’ve had all the chances life was ever going to offer, and you’ve squandered every single one. You hardly deserve the right to raise a child of your own. You’ll be a terrible mother, Josie. You’re a murderer.”
“It was an accident!” Josie twisted about and shouted at the door, “I’m done with this guy! I want someone else!” 
“No one can hear you. Not one person is coming in to stop this. Don’t you think they would have heard you?”
Josie tested this, shooting up from her chair and kicking it at the door. The ruckus would surely alert someone passing by. She stared at the door, clenching her fists before she reached for the handle to find it still locked. There wasn’t a knock from some concerned party coming to see if she was alright. She couldn’t hear anyone outside. 
“I’ve made them all deaf to you. None of them are concerned for you; they think you’re with your lawyer, remember? Settle down, Josie. Your behaviour is very unbecoming.”
She turned on him. “Damn you! Why are you doing this to me?”
“Language, Josie,” Calder chided with a grin. “Why are you even arguing? You know my offer is better than life in prison.” 
“But my baby,” she lamented. 
“You won’t survive inside. What if someone hurts you before your child is born? Why would you allow for something so cruel to happen?”
“I won’t!”
“You want to go to prison, then?” he challenged.
She didn’t. What fool would? Calder was completely right; no one could guarantee her absolute safety if she went away. And if her fate was already set, if they already thought she was guilty, she had no way of fighting it. 
“No… I don’t.”
“Then choose.”
She swallowed her rage along with her pride and muttered, “Alright.”
“You have to say the words, Josie. Tell me, out loud, that I’m allowed to take your baby in exchange for your freedom.”
“What are you?” she asked, bewildered and repulsed by him all at once. “Who are you to do this?”
“Does that matter now? Say it, Josie. Or I’ll disappear, and you’ll be behind bars by morning.”
She loathed herself and her own cowardice for agreeing to this. Each word cut her throat as she said, “You can have my baby.”
Calder smiled at her, then the world disappeared.







Another man was arrested for Brent’s death; an intruder who’d come across Brent when he’d returned home and pushed him down the stairs. Josie later found an article online that concluded the intruder pleaded guilty. She could only assume Calder had convinced him he was responsible. It left her feeling ill, even with the article’s claim that the intruder was a known criminal and already had a warrant out for his arrest. 
Calder had vanished and left Josie in Brent’s house, wiping her memory of her departure from the police station. He could’ve transported her or carried her out unconscious — she knew she would never learn how. She could’ve stayed in Brent’s house, but his family, who hardly knew her, were bound to show up eventually. 
In a flurry, Josie packed all she could carry on her own and took a taxi to the bus station. There she bought a ticket to the furthest place she could get without going broke. The first bus she could catch after five a.m. ended its run in a town called Huntington. 
Josie found a window seat at the back of the bus with the hope that no one would sit beside her. The few people who did board all got off at stops along the route. She was the only passenger holding a ticket to Huntington.
Her conscience nagged her, calling her a fugitive and that her freedom was bogus and undeserved, considering what she was giving up to attain it. But she couldn’t cry. She was too numb. She’d not slept in nearly a day and took the chance to rest against her balled up jacket. Her eyes stayed closed, but thoughts of her baby kept her awake and fraught with anxiety.
Josie would have preferred to find a town with a population greater than 489 people. The city she’d left could’ve hidden her if she’d looked hard enough for an apartment, but she just couldn’t risk staying. She hadn’t even been prepared to spend time dyeing her scrappy, ash-blonde hair for a cheap disguise. Since she’d moved out of home, she’d lived in at least seven different places, from apartments to share houses, to a granny flat behind a young couple’s house when she’d really been strapped for cash.
The bus terminal sat on the edge of town; she could walk to the nearest motel with the two bags she’d hauled there. 
Although she’d not stuck out her thumb for a ride, a truck pulled over, and a good-looking guy with somewhat messy, light brown hair offered her a ride. She noticed he was wearing dark blue coveralls, the sleeves rolled up to reveal his grubby wrists.
“Thanks, but I’m fine.” There was nothing threatening about the guy, but depending on the kindness of strangers was a deplorable thought to Josie, now she’d been blackmailed by Calder. 
“What’s got you all the way out here?” the guy asked. 
“Nothing special. I’m just headed to that motel up the road. Not sure how long I’ll be in town.”
“You won’t have any luck getting a room there,” he said with a chuckle.
“No vacancies?”
“No proprietor and no business. It shut down a month ago. Hasn’t been taken over since.”
“Damn it,” she muttered.
“I know a woman in town who’s renting out a place fairly cheap.”
Was Calder giving her a ray of hope? He had to have been done with her for now. He’d made mention of three wishes, and she’d used up her allotment, so what reason had he to help her now? 
Josie decided it had to have been to protect his prize. She would be useless to him if she didn’t have somewhere safe to carry her baby to term.
She needed refuge. More importantly, she needed a plan. She had thirty-six weeks to come up with a way of beating Calder at his own game. He hadn’t a reason to haunt her until the time came to take her child. He might’ve been watching her all her life without her knowledge, but now she knew of his existence, she could do some detective work of her own and hopefully find his weakness. 
“Do you happen to know if there are any jobs in town?” Josie asked the guy after she’d weighed up her limited options. “I can’t pay rent otherwise.”
“Local supermarket’s always hiring.”
“I’ll take you up on that lift, then. If it’s still on offer.”
“Just throw your bags in the tray.”
“Thanks. I’m Josie, by the way.”
The guy put out his hand, and Josie dropped one bag to reach out and shake it. “Nicholas,” he replied. “But I go by Nick.”
Whatever lured her towards Brent, Josie couldn’t see any similarities in Nick. 
On the way, he talked about his job as a mechanic, adding he lived alone in a small house on the far side of town, the property belonging to his parents.
“My dad decided to move to the city after my mother died,” Nick explained of how he’d been left with the house. “He’s not doing so great himself. He has emphysema, and he’s been stubborn about treating it over the years, so my sister, Denise, is looking into options for him. I try to see him when I can. I wasn’t having much luck holding down a job in Upton, and I needed a change of scenery. I’m assuming you do too.”
“You could say that,” Josie responded guardedly.
“You’re on the run, aren’t you?” he said, a tad flippantly.
Her blushing cheeks were red enough to look guilty. “What? No! What on earth makes you say that?”
“I’m kidding,” he replied, amused by her response. “I can’t think of another reason for someone like you being this far out of civilisation.”
“What do you mean someone like me?”
Nick obviously picked up that his tack was getting him nowhere. “I’m sorry. I really wasn’t trying to put you on the back foot.”
“I know.” She let him off. “I am hoping to start over. I wasn’t thinking when I left town. I just needed to get away from someone so I knew I’d be safe.” She had her hand on her belly as she was gazing at the weather-beaten houses along the way.
“You’re not just looking out for you, are you?” Nick observed. 
Josie realised where his line of sight had just been, and her transparency alarmed her. “No, I’m not.”
“How far along are you?”
“Four weeks.”
“Running from the father?”
She had to lie. “Yes. He’s not a nice guy.”
“I won’t ask any more questions, then.”
“Thanks.”
Further down the road, Nick asked, “Did you want to meet Margaret? I’m sure if you explain your situation, she’ll cut you some slack on a deposit.”
“I don’t want a lot of people knowing about me, Nick.”
“She can keep a secret. We don’t have much of a rumour mill here; most people keep to themselves and stay out of your business.”
Even before Calder’s arrival, Josie had been prepared to use her pregnancy to get out of jail. Negotiating a place to stay was a tricky process that could be made smoother with circumstance. She had made excuses in her life to get out of many things she hadn’t wanted to do; she didn’t think she’d done this any more than the average girl. 
“Can’t hurt to ask, I guess,” Josie said finally.
“Margaret could do with someone responsible living there. Her last tenants left a hell of a mess when they took off.”
“What makes you think I’m that responsible?” she said wryly.
Her baby was indeed an accident, but a welcome one from her perspective. Josie had planned on having a kid at some point. Her timing was abysmal, but she couldn’t give it up. She’d been prepared for Brent’s anger over her pregnancy, just not for him to lash out at her. He’d gone from charming at the beginning of their relationship, to indifferent, then terse as another year with him passed. Josie wasn’t going to budge, and she’d said as much; she was keeping the child. This had enraged him even more.
“You’re so irresponsible!” he’d barked. “You’ve just lost your job, and I’m refusing to make allowances for your stupidity!”
“Give me a chance to figure something out,” she’d pleaded, shielding her face with both her arms as he’d lunged at her once more.
Replaying the fight chilled her blood. Josie wasn’t focusing on the now, where Nick was pulling up outside an old house with a small front yard and a smaller veranda. The paint was peeling, and even from the street, Josie could see the curtains were faded. She couldn’t turn her nose up at it — a roof and four walls were far more than she had right there and then.
“It’s nice,” Josie said diplomatically.
“Margaret works in town at the bank. She’ll make time to show you the house, if you ask.”
“I’m really strapped,” Josie said almost plaintively. “What if she says no?”
“I can talk her round,” Nick said assuredly. “I did an emergency fix up on her car the other week. Plus, she’s pretty reasonable.”
“I really don’t see why you’re being so kind. You don’t even know me.”
“There’s no harm in helping a stranger. Leastways, I’ve never been stung for it.”
Calder was the only stranger Josie had encountered whose sting was unrivaled. Brent may have been mean as a snake for the last few months they were together. He may have shoved and slapped her without a trace of concern for her, but he hadn’t manipulated her entire existence for one sick and sinister purpose.
The longest street in Huntington had one set of lights at the first crossroads. The stores lined the main drag up the embankment until the road forked east and west, where the buildings thinned out. The lazy pace of the town brought Josie’s heart to a slow pulse, and now her ribs could accept a full breath. The air was so clean, the simplicity of the town weakening her mental chaos. She wanted to stay as long as she could, if she could.
Meeting Margaret reignited Josie’s angst. She needed some kind of backstory without exposing too much. She’d fled an abusive relationship, and had to hide from a man who wasn’t the father but still wanted claim to her baby. Nick asked to speak to Margaret when he and Josie arrived, and Josie lingered by the entrance like a criminal waiting to flee the scene. 
Margaret was a slight woman with delicate features and a soft voice. She was painfully gracious towards Josie upon hearing her predicament, which Josie delivered with as much vagueness as she could. Margaret’s nails were neatly manicured, and although she may have dyed her greys with a dark shade of brown, the shallow etches of her crow’s-feet gave her age away. Josie noticed Margaret had a ring on her finger, but she wasn’t about to assume anything.
“I’m down to my last hundred dollars,” Josie immediately confessed after Nick had mentioned the house. “I’ll try to find work as quickly as I can.”
“I could see you were down on your luck the minute you walked in here,” Margaret replied. “I’m sure we can come to some sort of arrangement. I’m about to go on my lunch break; I can show you the house now.”
“Thanks; that’d be great.”
Nick decided they’d wait outside; he sensed Josie needed to catch her breath.
“Looks like you won’t have to mention the rest of your predicament,” he said.
“Maybe not. Still, I should say something in case she’s not thrilled with having a kid there.”
Saying that, Josie immediately asked herself what the hell she was doing assuming Calder wouldn’t win and ultimately leave her childless. Any shred of confidence she had was incredibly easy to destroy with her near-irrepressible doubt. 
As they were inspecting the house, Josie did her best to focus on Margaret’s list of particulars.
“It’s in need of a new coat of paint,” she mentioned as she led them down the hallway. “I’ve only just had it tidied up from the hurricane that was the previous occupants. But everything is in good working order. My husband, Joe, takes care of the repairs. I deal with the rent and such; it’s been a reasonable source of income considering we don’t get many newcomers. The bypass has killed a lot of the smaller towns out this way now there’s little need to pass through here.”
“That’s why the motel closed down?” Josie asked.
“Yes, it went along with the service station on the way here. If you don’t have something of note to visit, tourists will just pass you by.”
On hearing this, Josie concealed her relief.
The house was reasonably furnished, and there was a wrought iron bed in the back bedroom. Two other smaller rooms had cabinets each, but only one had a single mattress in the corner that lay against one wall covered with decorative floral wallpaper; the remaining walls a dirty off-white shade. Josie saw tiny palm prints made with black ink near the bottom corner, and a butterfly fluttered restlessly in her belly.
“You’re on your own, I take it?” Margaret asked Josie.
She snapped out of it. “Um, right now, yes… But, I’m expecting.” 
“Oh, that’s not a problem,” Margaret answered lightly. “I know a young family who was looking to sell some baby furniture. I can get in touch with them if you’d like.” A pause preceded the question, “Can I ask where the father is?”
Nick cleared his throat and almost spoke for Josie when she said, “He’s not in the picture anymore. For a good reason.”
“Well, as long as he’s not coming here making a fuss, it’s none of my concern.”
Margaret only took a fifty-dollar deposit from Josie so she could still buy some food. The old fridge was huge, and all the fittings in the house were basic but functional. More importantly, she now had hot water and a decent heating system. Josie was about to weep from sheer gratitude when she held the keys in her hand — she went overboard thanking Margaret as she was leaving to go back to the bank.
Nick was rather pleased with himself. “See, that wasn’t so bad, was it?”
Josie stared at the keys in her palm. “I still can’t believe it was that simple. I thought I’d be living in a motel for a month.”
It’s got to be him. Nobody is ever this lucky.
If she went to bed and woke up in her new home, only then would Josie be willing to accept it wasn’t a dream.





Her exhaustion kept her asleep for most of the night, and Josie woke in her new bed well past ten the next morning. The mattress wasn’t spectacularly comfortable; her state of affairs meant she was prepared to get used to it. 
Determined to find work by the end of the day, she did all she could to look presentable and kept in mind she’d need to rely on her wit in the absence of a formal resume and references. She’d been temping for a year, her last contract ending abruptly. She’d frantically looked for something else before Brent discovered she’d been left jobless yet again. He’d come home early one day and figured it out, close to rendering her homeless when he threatened to kick her out. Josie had soothed his temper by promising the house would be spotless when he came home each day, thus beginning her life as his full-time maid. 
She wasn’t glad of Brent’s demise. She wasn’t thrilled to be free of him. Accident or not, her guilt was ever-present. She fretted his family would still track her down and demand answers she couldn’t give without incriminating herself. She’d avoided prison only to be trapped by her fear of getting caught.
She’d not had a chance to buy food, and she desperately wanted a coffee but had to go without. Josie asked at the supermarket if they had any jobs going, the owner coming out to gruffly inform her he’d just let two people go, now he couldn’t afford to keep them on. 
She thanked him sincerely, annoyed Nick had been wrong about the possibility of work there. Yet she soon corrected her thoughts out of gratitude that Nick had at least rescued her from homelessness. 
Josie considered asking Margaret if there was an opening at the bank, and quickly dismissed that idea, knowing they’d need to check if she had a criminal record. Her guilty conscience didn’t want to chance it.
There weren’t any signs in the store windows asking for help. Josie gathered the owners were all in the same position as the proprietor of the supermarket. The unemployment office was in another town west of Huntington; she hadn’t any money for a bus to get there. It was looking like she was going to have to make the trip on foot when she happened upon the local tavern. 
It was noon, and the bar was open. The clacking of billiard balls could be heard from further up the back where two guys were playing, and one other guy was at the bar, nursing a pint of beer. The bartender, an intimidatingly tall guy with a withered face and greying moustache, asked Josie what she was after as she approached the corner of the bar.
“A job, if you’re hiring,” she said plainly.
“Got any experience in a pub?”
“No, but I’ve had enough cleaning jobs in my time, and I’m willing to learn everything else.”
“I’ll give you a test. Most people who come in don’t order much outside of beer and spirits; we don’t do any fancy stuff here. If you can pull a pint without leaving a giant head of foam, you’re hired.”
She put down her purse and the guy let her behind the bar. 
“I’m Josie, by the way,” she said. 
“Carl. I have a guy called Terrence; he can make food, but you’d hardly call him a chef. Other than that, my daughter, Lacey, tends here most nights, so she can get you used to the register.” 
Carl took a clean pint glass, tilting it under the tap and easing the lever down slowly as the glass filled. Josie paid attention, already struck with nerves she might screw up something that looked painfully simple. 
“Think you can manage that?” Carl asked.
“I’ll give it a shot.”
Neither her sweaty palms nor her shaky fingers betrayed her. She felt victorious when she placed the full glass neatly on the bar. 
Carl didn’t display any outward signs of being impressed. “I can’t pay you much,” he told her. 
“I’ll take the bare minimum.” She’d been doing it since she’d graduated university. She never saved money; she lived from pay cheque to pay cheque and learnt to go without. “Long as you’re not ripping me off.”
“Not my way of doing business. This place is still running because I’m an honest guy. Anyone in town’ll tell you that.”
Carl directed Josie to the cleaning supplies, and she got to work on the bathrooms while it was quiet. She’d ended up on the bathroom floor of countless establishments in an effort to earn a wage, her degree in English Literature getting her nowhere, as she’d expected. Setting her sights any higher was a waste of time. 
Josie was too pent up to be worn out now. She offered to stick around when the tavern was gaining more customers, who were mostly the guys from town who’d knocked off for the day. She met Lacey finally, who was only a year or so younger than her. Lacey was also very plucky, and she appreciated having another girl behind the bar.
“You get used to the flirting; it’s pretty harmless,” Lacey told Josie. “If a guy gets fresh with me, I just remind him who runs the joint.”
Lacey wasn’t all that out of place with her jet-black hair and nose stud. She’d promised to help Carl after she’d finished at the training college in the city, swearing at the time she wasn’t going to get tied down to Huntington and become the wife of a tradesman. She was telling Josie this story the same time Nick walked in. 
Josie excused herself and went to serve him, practically skipping up to offer him a beer.
“You work here now?” he asked as he took a seat at the bar.
“I do indeed. Since about noon.”
“Sure that’s a good idea for someone…?”
“In my condition?” she jested. “I knew you were a chauvinist.”
“I’m concerned,” he said smugly, effortlessly parrying her wit.
“I’ll be fine. Besides, nowhere else was hiring. Trust me, I checked.” She uncapped a bottle and handed it over, taking the five-dollar note from his fingers when he presented it.
“Would it be chauvinistic of me to offer you a ride home later on?” he asked.
“No, it would actually be very helpful.”
Carl decided around eight that night Josie had proven her salt and she could take off. She and Nick had been talking when she wasn’t busy, and Lacey was nudging Josie before she left. 
“I know Nick pretty well,” Lacey said discreetly. “I’ve not seen that look in his eyes for over a year now.”
“We’re just friends, and I only got here yesterday.”
“So? He’s the only decent guy in town. Rest are all either tending to a brood and a cranky missus, or they’re drunk too often to keep a girlfriend.”
“Not sure he’d really want a pregnant girlfriend right now.” Josie had brought up her situation earlier in the evening when she’d sensed Lacey would be more understanding.
Lacey’s sympathy was sorely needed. “Gotta be rough dealing with it alone. Let me know if you need a hand, or an ear to listen.”
Josie thanked her new friend and met Nick outside the tavern. 
“I noticed Lacey acting very intense just now,” he mentioned. “That’s never good.”
“You two friends?”
“Yes and no. She was dating a friend of mine in high school. She’s nice, but she can tend to get a bit high-spirited for me. And she thought I was dull anyway.”
Dull sounded absolutely perfect to Josie. “There’s nothing wrong with dull. My life’s been too chaotic not to appreciate some boredom.”
“You’ll get plenty of that here.”
Josie was close to inviting Nick in when he dropped her home, talking herself out of it once she realised she needed a moment alone to take stock of her day. 
“I wasn’t trying to judge you, Josie,” Nick said when he cut the engine outside her house.
“I never thought that, and I never thought you were being a jerk. You’re the opposite of every guy I’ve met, but I’ve got too much going on, so I’m just going to be smart about it and take everything one day at a time. Least now I have somewhere to start. Thank you for helping me.”
“You did most of the heavy lifting yourself.”
There wasn’t any awkwardness as she said goodnight. Nevertheless, Josie wasn’t going to read any good signs from it. Chaos was the essence of her existence. She had a bargain with a madman she needed to break, and throwing someone else into this disaster would be cruel and insane. 
But as Nick drove off, Josie asked herself whether she needed an ally, and if he would be willing if she told him the absolute truth. 
Don’t be stupid; he’ll never believe you. Forget it.


2

True to her word, Josie dealt with each day as best she could. Carl had her working from noon until about eight each night, affording her the morning to settle into her new home. 
The town library had one computer and a single dial-up connection that could only be used for half an hour per person. Josie still needed to get ammunition for her enemy. She took to spending as much time as she could looking for information on Calder. Searching his name alone produced nothing substantial, and his strange abilities could’ve been linked to dozens of different schools of magic and mythology. Every lead she followed went dead within a matter of clicks. 
It was here she had the stomach to find the article on Brent, and she was quick to hide it in her purse the moment the printer spat it out.
In the sleepless hours of one morning, she remembered something significant. At fourteen, Josie had dabbled in witchcraft. She and Kendra — a misfit friend of hers who was reclusive and sour — had pored over dozens of books, enacting rites to no effect. Josie grew bored in the end, Kendra meanwhile becoming obsessive. They’d drifted apart in a year, and Josie hadn’t heard from Kendra since. She remembered scraps of spells and potions. Now she was digging through her memory for ways of warding off Calder before he decided to strike. 
There were potions she could make from common household items, and she knew bells and drums could cleanse a house of any malignant energy or naughty spirits. She could fashion crude talismans from cloth and thread, or make pouches of herbs to hang around the house that she could pass off as air fresheners. Short of drawing sigils on the walls — she knew Margaret wouldn’t appreciate faded chalk lines on her carpet and doors — Josie was at a loss; she didn’t know what else to try. 
Her weakness now was her ignorance about Calder. He hadn’t really explained why he’d chosen her, other than to toy with her. He’d refused to say where he was from, or why it was vital he took her baby. Could he not take an unwanted child instead?
Another notion ran around Josie’s head that perhaps she and Kendra had cast one spell that had actually worked to bring Calder into existence. Magic could be capricious; she’d known it wasn’t something with which to blithely mess. Then she remembered he’d found her as a child, long before Josie knew all about witchcraft.
This train of thought was always tearing towards an answer that seemed a million miles from Josie. She considered if a sacrifice was necessary to defeat Calder. Josie couldn’t think of anything she’d be willing to harm or kill to appease him. Three was a powerful number in Wiccan incantations and lore; perhaps that was why she’d been granted three wishes. Or was Calder just a perverse genie with a penchant for twisted games?
Josie ran the risk of letting these thoughts control her. Keeping busy at work was her only antidote. She chatted with Lacey while serving drinks to the old blokes who came in during the afternoon, and this gave Josie immediate relief after spending her mornings investigating Calder and scribbling nonsense in her notebooks about how to defeat him. 
“How’s your bod?” Lacey asked Josie one day during the three o’clock lull. 
“Okay for now. I should really see a doctor and make sure.”
“Don’t go see Dr Wallace. He’s befuddled now he’s in his eighties; he’ll probably keep forgetting you’re pregnant.”
“But isn’t he the only doctor in town?”
“There’s a decent doc at the hospital over in Upton. She helped me once. She was really understanding.”
Josie deduced the assistance Lacey had needed was the opposite of what Josie wanted. She wasn’t going to go there; she wanted her baby more than anything, and she’d fight Calder for it before she gave in to any drastic measures. All the same, she had no judgements for Lacey’s situation. That was Lacey’s choice to make, and hers alone.
“I’ll see if I can get an appointment,” Josie decided.
“I think you’re pretty brave to keep it now you’re on your own. No chance you’ll reconcile with the father?”
“Absolutely none.” 
“Sounds like a deadbeat from what you’ve said of him.”
Josie shook off Lacey’s poor choice of words. “He wasn’t interested. But it’s what I want. I’m twenty-six; I’d always planned on having a kid, with or without help. I was on the pill, but I got sick and didn’t take precautions. It happens.”
“That it does. It’s hard to make people believe you’re being responsible. Surprisingly, my dad trusts me more than my mum does. She and I were never on good terms.”
Lacey’s misadventures didn’t sound any worse than the stupid things Josie had done for which Calder had decided to judge her. So many people took their lives for granted. How was she any different?
Josie was also allowing Nick to get closer to her without much thought. He was subtle about offering to help her out with her groceries, or when giving her a ride home from the tavern. Not once had he made an improper suggestion or hint that his good deeds were going to need some sort of repayment. She appreciated his company and his candour, which she couldn’t meet in kind without it leading to more questions.
Josie had been awake many nights making wind chimes and herb pouches. The veranda had three chimes and some clusters of bells; the smallest she could find so as not to cause an unnecessary din on a windy day. She’d also been burning incense and oils; cheap stuff she’d found in a store in town that sold junk items for less than five dollars. The smells alone should’ve been a deterrent, and she kept the windows open so the scents wouldn’t stick to the fabric of the furniture and curtains. 
“I didn’t peg you to be into all this,” Nick said as he inspected the living room. This was the first time he’d stayed longer than a few minutes since she’d moved to town.
“I’m not really; it’s just a hobby.”
“You could sell those wind chimes at the market in Upton.”
“Ironically, you need money to sell stuff like that. I only do it because I have trouble sleeping sometimes.”
“Worried about the baby?… Sorry, that was a stupid question.”
Josie smiled at Nick’s sheepishness. “It’s not. I am, but no more than anyone else in my position.”
This was the biggest lie she’d told him so far. Time had passed far too quickly, and she was already outside her first trimester, still reluctant to see a doctor. Without the money required, she’d put off getting a check-up and just coped with her symptoms as they were. Lacey had offered more than once to take her to the hospital, Josie waving away the offer and insisting it wasn’t necessary. She ate as well as she could and didn’t drink or smoke; she had the slightest of bumps and was used to her nausea now. The baby would be fine. She’d be fine. Everything was going to be alright. 
Thinking it didn’t make Josie believe it.
“Margaret introduced me to that family who was selling all their baby stuff,” Josie told Nick. “They’ll bring it by when I have some money. I don’t want to short-change them; I know it’s expensive.”
“It’s really noble to want to do all this by yourself, Josie, but are you sure you don’t need more help?”
“Not right now,” she replied. “I have all I need for the time being.”
“Okay. Give us a yell if you need anything at all. I don’t have a lot going on at the moment. The house needs some repairs done, but it’s nothing urgent.”
“I’m fine, Nick,” she insisted, hiding her growing irritation with him. “It’s sweet of you to offer, but you don’t owe me any favours.”
He may have been hurt by this, but Josie didn’t detect it in his expression. “I’ll see you later, then.”
“Sure.”
Josie lingered outside to watch Nick leave, adopting the most stoic of stances, and battling the whirlwind of confusion that invaded her mind. Back inside, she paced and fidgeted, cleaning counters she’d already wiped and going from room to room to make everything impossibly neat. Cleaning floors and tables all afternoon, and serving drinks by night; it was never enough to tire her. Her nerves could keep her standing upright when all her physical energy was depleted. She’d been this way long before Calder showed up.
Her later attempts at hiding her pregnancy from Carl were a wasted endeavour. 
“I don’t get many girls in here throwing up in the bathroom this early in the day,” he said dryly after she’d been caught out. “Hope you’re not expecting me to pay you any leave.”
“Of course not,” Josie said, feeling chided. “I’ll keep working here until I can’t stay on my feet.”
“I’m not attacking you, Josie. I’m only saying I can’t do much else for you. You’re a good worker; this place is cleaner than it used to be, and I’m not suffering a roach problem anymore. I’m glad you blew into town.”
That didn’t console her much. “Thanks.”
Though Calder’s presence wasn’t evident, he’d still broken into Josie’s dreams to make her jittery when she was awake. There wasn’t any proof her wards and bells were working. She had known it wasn’t going to work, but she hadn’t found a back-up plan. 
Josie eventually visited the hospital in Upton to meet with Dr Alison West, who didn’t have a lot of pregnancies on the books. She considered Dr West rather young, but then there were hundreds of people younger and smarter than Josie who’d have made good doctors; better people, even. Dr West was a rather striking blonde, who happened to be amiable, and without condescension.
“We can take care of most things here for free; check-ups and ultrasounds, any blood tests you’ll need. Are there any other medical records you can get?”
“I left town in a hurry,” Josie said. “I don’t even have a birth certificate on me.”
“Problems with the father?”
“Yes.”
“I’ll probably struggle to get your old clinician to fax me your notes, so we may as well start from scratch.” Dr West was checking Josie’s blood pressure, Josie’s arm aching before the valve was released. “You’re tracking alright apart from your blood pressure. That’s higher than I’d prefer.”
“I’ve been stressed.”
“I can get a proper exam done if you have time now.” 
“Okay.”
“I’ll check if there’s a room free.”
Dr West wasn’t asking any intrusive questions. Her bedside manner put Josie at ease, but the ultrasound was too much of a wake-up call. 
This little thing within her was in danger. Seeing it now as a formless, twitching white mark on the screen beside her quickened Josie’s lingering sense of urgency. 
“Did you want to know the sex?” Dr West asked.
“No. It’s not important.”
“Do you have anyone who can drive you here for the birth? Have you got a plan in mind?”
“I know I need one. I’m trying to get some money together so I’m not leaving this kid as high and dry as I was. I really want to make this work.”
“We’ll figure something out. For now, stick to your appointments and get as much rest as you need.”
Josie still had some of the goo from the ultrasound on her belly and clothes in her rush to leave the hospital. She almost missed the bus back to the tavern, late for work and swallowing hard while keeping all her tears to herself to spill later when she was alone. 
After an hour cleaning the bathrooms, she blamed the bleach for giving her a headache and making her dizzy. Lacey told her to go home. They could spare her; it wasn’t busy. 
Josie headed home on foot since Lacey wasn’t able to give her a ride. She walked briskly past the workshop and failed to avoid Nick.
“You’re heading home?” he called out as he jogged up to her.
“Don’t feel well. Headache. I’m sacrificing half a day’s pay now I can’t handle the smell of bleach.”
“I’m on my break now, if you need a ride.”
“I’ll be okay.”
Giddy again, Josie stumbled and nearly dropped to her knees. Nick hastily grabbed her arm and pulled her up. “Don’t be silly. I’ll take you.”
Josie was too tired to fight, and hadn’t any excuses left to refuse. Nick drove her home and got her inside, worried she’d have another spill if he didn’t stay beside her. She was gracious about it, but still sniffled and stammered enough for him to know she wasn’t alright.
“I’m in over my head,” she told him. “I have no plan to speak of; I have no idea what to do once the baby’s here. I don’t even know if I’ll lose it.” She’d blurted this out, and now Nick was more confused than concerned.
“What do you mean, if you’ll lose it?”
“I might have a fight on my hands when the baby comes. It’s complicated.”
“I thought you said the father wasn’t in the picture.”
“Nick, I can’t explain it any better than that. You wouldn’t believe me anyway.”
“Would you sit down and stop winding yourself up, Josie?”
She did this so automatically she thought she was in the same room with Brent. Nick wasn’t looming over her about to strike her or yell obscenities that would leave more emotional scars. Her reactions were still identical.
“Sorry,” Nick said, backing down. “I can see you’re doing a lot of this to yourself, and you’ve got your reasons, but you need to rest, don’t you?”
“I can’t afford not to work. If I can’t feed myself, how am I meant to feed a baby?”
Nick was by the door and could leave at any moment if he wanted. Josie wasn’t in any place to stop him. But he stayed. 
“I’m not here to white knight you or make any kind of declaration. I just know I like you and I want to help. I was thinking you could come to my house and have dinner with me, if you’re not up to cooking.”
“Are you sure?”
“Wouldn’t have asked if I wasn’t. Or we can stay here if you’d rather not leave. I’ll make you something.”
With all her time spent between the tavern and her house, Josie hadn’t bothered to go elsewhere besides the library. She’d settled now, and the dizziness had passed. She needed a distraction and Nick’s company would be arguably better than her own.
There was a captivating sunset beyond the hill up the road. Nick’s house sat at the base of the east side of the hill, isolated and only reachable from the main road by a long dirt track. He had to park to open the gate and she offered to drive the truck through, so he could close it again. 
“The council’s been eyeing off this area to extend the bypass,” Nick said as Josie stared out at the vast fields along the road to his house. “They haven’t made an offer on the property. Yet.”
“It doesn’t upset you they’d just ruin somewhere this beautiful?”
“I don’t agree with it. I’m not exactly trying to stop it, either. Denise has been dealing with some of the council members; she has a better head for that stuff. I stay out of it. All I’d agreed to was taking care of the house since she lives in the city and I can’t afford to do the same.”
“Where will you live if one of the offers goes through?”
“Back in the city if the council pays enough. Denise is adamant it’ll be what we think it’s worth, and nothing less. I’m not one to argue; I don’t like conflict at all. So, I’m not really thinking about it now.”
The shadows hadn’t swallowed the house so much that Josie couldn’t see the details. The veranda was adorned with healthy hanging pot plants, and there was a white wicker sofa under the front window. The grass was patchy on the way to the front steps where the gravel road ended. 
Josie followed Nick inside, the bite in the air not following them in. His place was much more welcoming than hers. The dark wood of the floorboards was perfectly varnished, and she didn’t see much dust. She adored the kitchen with its teal painted panels and copper cooking utensils hanging on the walls. The window had a planter box and was framed with lace curtains, and there was enough floor space for a centre countertop that wasn’t overly cluttered. Josie’s parents had a similar kitchen, though Josie hadn’t been the type of daughter who helped her mother with the cooking. She’d been a slack kid who did chores only when she was nagged. These days, she cleaned and cooked as an over-compensation for her laziness, and Brent had appreciated this as much as any man who thought a woman’s place was in the kitchen. 
“I’d offer you a drink under different circumstances,” Nick said to her as she was still making her inspections. 
“I know. Don’t let me stop you.”
“Denise was really big on sticking to all the rules when she had her kids. Frankly, I thought she went overboard, but I wouldn’t have said so. She still does it. It’s just her way.”
“Do you get along with her?”
“Only as much as I have to.”
Josie refused to be nervous; this wasn’t strictly a date. She offered to help Nick with the food, but he didn’t ask much of her. This odd cohesiveness they had should’ve elated her. She’d never looked for romance, and it certainly wasn’t something that had bothered to seek her out. The threat of having to be completely honest discouraged her from wanting more. She hated the feeling that she did want more.
Nick was too nice for Josie not to ask, “How have you not found someone already?”
“Because I haven’t looked hard enough,” he said. “It’s not something I need. And I don’t really have much to offer.”
“You do. You have an amazing house…”
“In the middle of nowhere,” he interjected, laughing.
“You can cook.”
“Barely.”
Josie let him win. “Well, I’m impressed anyway.”
“I wasn’t trying to impress you.”
“Too bad. You have.”
She’d felt this little crackle of electricity with Nick before, and Josie had to consider it a warning she was getting in too deep. This was all going too well for her to be completely relaxed. She let him talk more only to avoid slipping up and saying too much she couldn’t take back. Despite her little silences, she still accidentally let Nick lead her into a conversation about Brent that she couldn’t worm her way out of.
“He must’ve done something right for you to stay with him that long,” Nick observed.
“Not really. I let him convince me into moving in. He wanted a maid, not a girlfriend. At the time, I was completely lost and not committed to a job. I mistook his charm for love. I can give you all the stupid reasons anyone would. I couldn’t stay if he weren’t willing to help me.”
“But if he’s not willing to help, why do you think he might come back for the baby?”
Josie put her glass of water down before her trembling hand dropped it. “He’s not the one who wants it. Someone else does. I can’t go into the details.”
“Do you need a place to hide from this person? Is that why you’ve come out this far?”
“It is. But I think he’ll find me anyway. He has his ways. I’m sure he already knows I’m here.”
They’d been sitting across from one another at the counter. Josie had picked at her food, delicious as it was, and Nick hadn’t called her on it. He wasn’t acting impatient now. She saw his concern as nothing but a sign he didn’t want her or her baby to come to any harm. 
“Should you be living alone now?” he asked.
“What other choice do I have?”
“I don’t mind you staying here if it means you’ll feel safer.” 
“I can’t put that on you.”
Nick failed to give Josie enough time to brace herself for what he said next.
“I shouldn’t be saying this now, and I hope you don’t take this the wrong way; it’s probably not convenient for you to hear it… But I like you a lot, Josie. I can live with you not feeling the same way, still I can’t just let something awful happen to you.”
“Nick, there really isn’t much you can do. This man is capable of much more than a simple kidnapping. He’s manipulative and strange. I don’t even know him all that well. I only know what he wants.”
“Will he use force to take it?”
“I don’t think he needs to. I don’t want to bring you into my mess like this.”
“I can take care of myself. If he’s lurking around anywhere, I’ve got a gun to scare him off. I might not like conflict, but I’ll do something about it if I have to.”
Using violence on Calder made Josie feel sick, just like she did when she saw Brent at the bottom of the stairs with his twisted neck and dead eyes. “I’m not sure it’ll help… But if you’re willing to try.”
“What can you tell me about him?”
Josie described Calder with repugnance. “There’s something inhuman about him, but I can’t figure out exactly what. To be honest, I have no idea what he’s capable of, other than deceit. I can’t explain much more than that. I’m sorry; I feel like the less you know right now, the better.”
“I still don’t understand why he’s even doing this to you, Josie.”
“He has his reasons. I’m sorry, Nick, there’s not much else I can tell you now.” 
Even in the face of his kindness and acceptance, Josie still couldn’t tell Nick everything. Confessing even a small piece of this disaster had worn her out. Nick offered his spare room to Josie for the night, rather than drive her home. His gestures were nearly bringing her to tears again. After he’d left her alone, seeming to refrain from giving her a goodnight kiss, Josie settled in the small bed and gazed out at the clear, starry sky, telling herself that staying was the right thing to do. 
She had to let Nick help her. She’d be betraying her child if she didn’t do all she possibly could to protect it.
“So, you’re moving in with him?” Lacey asked after Josie had explained her little sleepover at Nick’s house.
Josie had woken up in the beautiful, rustic room with a real sense of peace in her heart. It wasn’t a certainty that she’d be living with Nick, but it was such an inviting idea. 
“We don’t know each other well enough,” said Josie’s sensible side. “He just wants to make sure I’ll be okay until the baby comes.”
“And after the baby comes?”
“We’ll see.”
Josie had an out to the conversation; she had to serve two impatient looking guys down the other end of the bar while ignoring their clipped comments about her “chin-wagging”. She’d put up with a lot in her day — this was nothing. She and Lacey were adept at deflecting the remarks and ogling they had to suffer when the patrons were getting a little on the rowdy side. It was the one thing Nick would never have to protect her from. 
Whether it was intended or not, Nick seemed to be taking Brent’s place when it came to the welfare of Josie’s baby. He made time to take her to Upton when she dared to see Dr West, staying out in the waiting room so as not to cause any confusion over why he was there. 
Dr West said Josie’s blood pressure had improved, and she’d been offering pictures from the ultrasounds. Josie would always decline. She didn’t want any evidence lying around for Calder to happen upon if he suddenly decided to show up.
Spending time with Nick, and working as much as she could at the tavern, made the hours fly by too fast, and Josie was drawing nearer to the fateful day. Two weeks from her expected due date, Nick had a family emergency for which he had to leave town. His dad’s condition was worse, and Denise needed help finding suitable long-term care. Nick promised he wouldn’t be stuck there for too long; he’d be back to take Josie to the hospital. 
They’d grown very close, sharing only a few kisses while being exceptionally cautious. His devotion was still shocking to Josie, given the short time they’d been together.
“Denise might be exaggerating about my dad. He’s been like this before, but he’s not so tough these days.”
“It’s really fine,” Josie told him. “I have Lacey’s number. I’ll be okay.”
She’d not quit her job yet. Carl had seen the need to send her home more often when she couldn’t stay on her feet for long. Getting out of bed was inordinately difficult; her back ached almost constantly and she missed being able to sleep on her stomach without a giant lump of arms and legs kicking her insides. She’d put up with all of it, but now she wished she could just get the last part over with. It was the threat of Calder arriving early that had her thinking otherwise. 
The very day Nick left, Josie’s wish came true. Struck down with an unbearable pain, she struggled to reach her phone to call Lacey to pick her up.
“Just keep calm. I can get my dad’s truck.”
Josie kept breathing the way she’d been instructed, Lacey finding her at home and getting her into the cab of the truck.
“Something’s not right,” Josie told her on the way. 
“Don’t panic now. Whatever needs to happen they can take care of at the hospital.”
Lacey insisted on staying after Josie was taken into the emergency room. Dr West was checking Josie in for an exam and it looked like they’d be there for a while.
“It’s not a problem if you need the company, Josie.” 
“Just go home. It’s fine. I’m where I need to be and there’s not much else you can do.” She sucked in her breath from another volley of pain.
“Do you need me to call Nick?”
“I can’t worry him if it’s nothing. Just go. Thanks for getting me here.”
Lacey promised to return if Josie needed anything. Josie’s vigilance was heightened now she was looking for Calder in every corner. She thought she saw him more than once, each time lurking beside a doctor or waiting behind a desk in plain sight. 
Dr West’s examination preceded a panicked order to prep a room; the baby was in breach and its heart rate was too unstable for them not to intervene. 
“You’re doing this now?” Josie asked frantically. “It’s not time, is it?”
“It is if your baby’s running out of chances, and she is. So, you’re just going to have to trust me on this, Josie.”
Josie nearly missed Dr West saying she was about to have a baby girl. The drugs they gave her to calm her down put her in a dreamlike state and she wasn’t able to lift her head. Dr West knew Josie’s alarm would do nothing to help. She spoke calmly to Josie, but this wasn’t having the same soothing effect as it had before. 
Josie had to keep watch for Calder. She was trying to tell Dr West she needed to stay conscious, but her vision was blurring and her speech was slowing into incoherence. 
The fluorescent lights in the theatre dazzled Josie. She felt the commotion around her yet couldn’t lift her head to see it. She was disconnected and fighting to speak. The tugging deep down in her abdomen wasn’t causing any pain, just a nauseating discomfort that made her want to writhe away from Dr West’s instruments. 
Granted a moment of clarity, Josie now saw Calder in the corner, standing by. Every other pair of eyes in the room were completely blind to him. Like a patient snake waiting to strike, he moved in behind Dr West to look over her shoulder as she worked to free Josie’s baby and give her some air. Josie’s mumbled warnings went unnoticed in her stupor, and she knew Calder was working to keep them unheard. 
Calder whispered something to the oblivious Dr West, who in turn asked someone behind her to make sure Josie was further sedated — her heart rate was still too high. As Josie’s drug-induced submission was enhanced, Calder walked out of the room, clearly satisfied with his work. 







Thinking a sledgehammer had been taken to her skull, Josie stirred; her back aching in an effort to rouse herself. Her mangled insides were now stitched up. The cocktail of sedatives and painkillers was wearing off to allow her some lucidity, and she swore her mouth was full of cotton wool. She was all alone in a darkened room, barely able to sit up straight in her bed. 
Her baby wasn’t beside her and the crib was empty.
Just as she was about to call out, the door opened. 
Calder stepped inside with a bundle in his arms. Frozen from her shock, Josie couldn’t reach to hit the call button for the nurse.
“It was very kind of your doctor to knock you out cold so you couldn’t fight back, Josie. I appreciate you’ve not made this any harder than it needs to be.”
“Don’t take her. Please.”
“You knew this was going to happen,” he said calmly, cradling her baby in his unnaturally long arms. 
Josie screamed out for help and Calder smiled at her.
“I’ve made them all deaf to you again, just like last time. No one is coming to your aid now.” 
With the bundle still secure in one arm, Calder lifted his other hand and waved it in small circles at the crib beside her. Josie witnessed another baby, swathed in white cloth, materialise in the crib.
“Josie, I’d like you to meet your new son. His mother didn’t want him. She cruelly left him here to the mercy of this heartless world, so I took him and all her knowledge of him. Now, as a consequence of you trying to weasel your way out of our arrangement, I’m leaving him with you and taking my prize.”
“I haven’t done anything to you!” she cried. 
“But you tried. I know about the spells. I know you had every intention of reneging on our deal, despite my generosity. You’ve learnt nothing from this. As far as anyone here is concerned, this boy is your son and your delivery went smoothly.”
“If you want a baby so badly, why don’t you take him?” Josie gestured to the boy with her open palm.
“How is that teaching you a lesson, Josie? You must learn to keep your promises.”
“Please! Can’t you take anything else from me?”
“We had an arrangement. You agreed to give me your baby in exchange for your freedom, so our business here has concluded. You’ll not see me or your daughter again.”
Josie refused to heed her pain and weakness to force herself forward towards Calder. She clambered over the bed with her hand almost reaching his arms the moment a sharp pain in her gut crippled her and thwarted her pathetic attempt to rescue her daughter.
Her weeping and shouting continued to go unregistered as Calder vanished from the room. The baby boy beside her was mewling in his desperation for contact and comfort. 
Gasping from her sobbing and sure she was hallucinating now, Josie turned back and saw a beautiful iridescent butterfly resting on the baby’s chest as he began to calm. One wing had a misshapen purple mark near the upper tip. The butterfly beat its wings awhile then fluttered towards the closed window, passing through it like smoke, and disintegrating in the cold air outside. 
Josie felt wretched and sore as she crawled back down onto the bed.
A petite nurse with short black hair walked in to check on the baby, noticing Josie was awake but ignoring her distress.
“Everything went fine,” the nurse said cheerily. “He’s a very healthy little boy. Did you want to try and feed him while he’s awake?”
There’s been a mistake. He’s not mine.
Any protest Josie made now would be considered the ramblings of a madwoman. Calder’s manipulations had changed history in seconds; this boy was now her son. Calder had to have tampered with any solid evidence to the contrary; her recent ultrasounds would suggest she’d been carrying a boy for nearly nine months. 
Dr West’s memory would’ve been tampered with too. If Josie made these outlandish claims, that she’d been a victim of these manipulations along with everyone there, she’d sound like a conspiracy nut. They’d probably take the boy from her and put her in another hospital. One with a locked ward.
Josie had been defeated. She’d lost her daughter and gained a stranger’s son, who now had nothing left in the world but her — a broken woman so depressed and ashamed of herself she just about wanted to die. 


































HARSH REALITIES














































3

“Try again, Ralla. You’ve almost done it.”
She’d tried more than a dozen times that day, and maybe a hundred the day before. In all that time she’d made her finger disappear, the rest of her hand remaining visible before her face. 
“You’re not concentrating,” her father admonished.
“I’m so tired. Can’t I rest? If I were ready to do this, I’d be doing it, wouldn’t I?”
“You’re as big a defeatist as your mother.” His fists were on his hips as he was glaring down at her. “Very well. We’ll go home on one condition: you make yourself useful and practise your folding to get us back.”
Ralla’s father pushed her along the cloudy path towards home. Folding was another of his talents, Ralla learning this trait before she’d been taught to vanish. It was a simple task in theory alone; she still struggled with the execution. One foot went before the other in a long step, then her back foot was to pull the ground towards her front heel. She only managed to bring them a short distance towards home, her stumbling irritating her father and igniting his impatience enough for him to take over. 
They’d been traipsing through the chaotic wilderness of twisted, translucent trees that formed the dense woods of the Other. Her father came from somewhere far beyond those woods. Ralla had gleaned next to nothing as to what this place was like and who lived there, her father terminating every inquiry she’d started. A vast mountain range stood between this place and their home, and he couldn’t take Ralla there until she’d learnt to be just like him.
“Why won’t you tell me anything about my mother?” Ralla asked. “You say so often I’m like her, but I know nothing of her.”
“And you shan’t,” her father said over his shoulder now he was marching ahead of her, their home in sight. “She’s a detestable woman. That’s all you need to know.”
In the Concrete realm, the world her father seemed to hate so much, this journey they were on would’ve taken hours. In the Other, they were there in minutes; time and distance stretching and folding over to grant them a quick path home. Her father knew how to do these things in the Other with barely the twitch of an eye. Now it was Ralla’s turn to obtain his skills, and she was far from achieving his inherent mastery. 
For as long as she could remember, Ralla had lived with her father in a worn-down, two-storey monstrosity of a house full of holes and damp, which stood on the boundary between the Concrete and the Other. She wasn’t allowed to go with her father wherever he disappeared to find her food or books to read. She had to stay at home and never go beyond the edge of the trees surrounding the front of the house. 
Nearly half the house was stuck in the Other. Ralla’s bedroom window was just high enough for her to make out the peaks of the mountain range past the canopy of the forest. At the front of the house, the woods of the Concrete were so dense, the sunlight rarely ever broke through, but she knew this sun was warmer and brighter than the distant sun of the Other. 
As a little girl, Ralla had thought the Other was a mesmerising world of soft, swirling clouds. There were forms within these clouds — rocks, trees and even delicate flowers. The forests of the Other were more inviting than the woods of the Concrete. 
Years ago, Ralla had been enthralled by the glittering leaves above her whenever she’d lain under the closely-knit branches. She’d been happy to play there, hunting for the pearly worms and silvery bugs that would scurry from under the rocks she lifted.
In time, she grew bored of the silence of the Other. It was rare a breeze would whistle by, and there were no babbling brooks to sit beside. She couldn’t hear the same birds that inhabited the Concrete. The Other had once been wondrous, but now, Ralla found it lonely. Whoever existed on the other side of the mountain range seemed to have no interest in visiting them. 
She’d been playing at the front of the house the first time she’d seen a small blue wren hopping over the ground, and she’d chased after it, scaring it away in her excitement. Her patience was rewarded the next time she spotted one. She’d kept still and watched the bird flick its tail feather back and forth, its tiny beak letting out the sweetest little chirp.
So little existed in the Other that fascinated Ralla now. She could put her feet on the ground, but they would sink like they were tracking through sand. Touching anything there, her hand would feel as though it was pressing on a pillow. There was no firmness; no assurance that if she pushed upon the trunk of a tree or stepped upon a giant rock, that she’d be supported. It may as well have been a world made of blankets and downy mattresses. Jumping off the larger rocks, she’d sunk deeper down and always struggled to get her balance. 
Funny as it had been when she was small, she now hated being there. She was coming to like the Concrete world much more.
Her father had encouraged Ralla to play behind the house. She’d crawled across the pillowy ground, taking her very first steps in this place. Under his watchful eye, she’d not ventured far at first. 
In time, her awareness grew that this wasn’t where she was from, and her uncertainty was frowned upon by her father. Any time she wanted to play near the woods at the front of the house, he’d all but ordered her to spend time in the Other, often locking the back door to make sure she stayed out there. This was when she discovered there was no way around the house to get back to the Concrete. 
By sight alone, the Other appeared so intangible as to seem illusory. Ralla would contemplate the colours around her, along with the gentle sway of the crystalline branches of the trees and the textures of the leaves. She’d pick the flowers and put them to her nose, failing to find a perfume in them. Crushing the flowers between her fingers wouldn’t leave her skin dusted with pollen; the petals always regained their shape, springing and curling out as if unharmed. She’d collected rocks to build crooked structures with them, their smoothness preventing her keeping these little houses standing for long. 
She’d tire so quickly of being out there, her plaintive calls to come back inside dismissed by her father. 
Furious with her father one day for not letting her back in, Ralla had decided to run off into the Other. She’d charged across the field toward the mountains, her indignation so powerful she’d quickly wasted her energy. Far from the house, she’d turned back to realise she’d lost her way, and she was choking, brought to her knees by her sudden exhaustion. In hysterics, she’d cried out to her father to rescue her, soon believing he was going to leave her there as punishment for running. 
He’d come to her as mist, bridging the divide with rapid ease and materialising beside her. 
“I hope you’ve learnt something from this, little one,” he’d said coldly. 
She could only nod vigorously. He’d gathered her up without tenderness, bundling her close to him and morphing their bodies into the same misty formation as he’d arrived. 
He’d carried her like this as a baby. Anything Calder touched could be drawn into his cloud of mist, living or not. 
Bringing her back to her physical form, he’d left her in her bedroom without a word, shutting the door and leaving her to cry as she’d fought to get her breath back.
The Other ceased to be a place of beauty and wonderment from then on.
When she was outside the Other, scents were stronger, as were sounds. The sharpness of everything, the firmness of the walls in her house and the covers of her books; the changes in surfaces — rough, smooth, bumpy, fluffy — these felt much better. 
The Other didn’t have much to offer her now, just thin air and colour, and those colours were growing dull. Now the woods in front of the house were more inviting to her. Her father continued to forbid her ever entering them, shouting at her every time she was edging too far in.
“Can I read now?” Ralla asked her father as they came in through the back door.
“Go on. I’ll be in my study. Don’t disturb me.”
Ralla was obedient but bordering on belligerence now her restlessness was getting stronger. She had questions on her lips she had to rein in and keep locked behind her teeth. Now she wanted more than the throw-away responses her father gave her.
“Why must your lessons only be about the Other?” Ralla asked him before he could leave her alone.
“I bring you books about the Concrete,” he argued. “You have enough knowledge to know all you need to.”
“But I’m from there,” she rebutted. “Why can’t I see more?”
“You belong with me. You need to learn to adapt to both realms, and you can do this well enough where you are now. As it stands, I cannot keep you safe out there in the Concrete.” He gestured at the front door as he said these words. 
“You’ll be helpless. There is an ugliness I am keeping you from. There are horrid, cruel people like your mother, who’ll do nothing but hurt you if you meet them.”
“You’ve never even taken me to meet your people!” she shouted. “All I know is you. All I see is you!”
“You should be thankful for this, Ralla.” With that, he went upstairs and shut himself away in his study, the one room in the house she was forbidden to enter.
Her father controlled all these arguments. He dictated her life. The food he brought her was bland, and lately, he’d scolded her for eating more than she needed. She’d be nothing like him if she made herself heavy with food and drink. Now he wanted her to subsist on air, as he did.
From her books, Ralla was discovering she was a prisoner. But she was too scared to run when she had no idea how far she could even venture, or who she would come across. She’d not last long. Her father hadn’t spurred in her a desire to run, not since that one day she’d bolted into the Other without regard. 
Her small bookshelf held the most precious of her books. There were larger bookshelves downstairs crammed with hardcover and paperback books, the pages wrinkled from the damp. Possibly by accident, or most likely by ignorance, her father had taken books that were informing Ralla more about the Concrete than he’d ever intended to convey. He could have hidden so much from her just by refusing to teach her to read; he’d only done it to prevent her coming across as an imbecile, should she face trouble from anyone of the Concrete.
He’d even bothered to teach her to write with a pencil, but Ralla wanted to learn to draw. She wanted to learn about music. There were instruments that could make these sounds and devices that could record them to be kept forever. None of these things were in the house.
The walls of Ralla’s bedroom were decorated with old, peeling wallpaper that had been damaged by the leaking roof, the floral pattern now stained with brown patches. She could tear pieces away and see the wood panelling beneath. Many of the floorboards had warped, and tattered curtains framed the filthy cracked windowpane.
She had one old cupboard for all her clothes, her father coming back with shirts and pants that were either too big or too small for her. She’d cut the sleeves and legs shorter with blunt scissors, fraying the ends. As her father could manipulate his appearance down to the finest detail, he hadn’t a need for clothes himself. His lack of imagination had him presented in the same soft grey suit each day.
Ralla ate all her meals in the dilapidated kitchen, sitting at the cracked formica table that needed one leg supported by a piece of wood to keep it from wobbling. The gas oven often didn’t light, and the fridge barely worked. The electricity was from a single generator needing fuel that her father also had to disappear to obtain. 
Dust and mould inhabited the house, as well as the odd mouse. Ralla would watch the bugs and rodents venture out into the Other and vanish, rarely ever coming back. They’d die out there without food and air, and she’d tried to stop them, but her father wouldn’t let her keep them safe. 
“They’re diseased, Ralla, much like people,” he’d said of a dead rat she’d presented to him out of pity for its demise. “You’ve hardly been sick in your life because you live here. Get rid of that thing.”
She couldn’t bury the rat in the ground of the Other. The soil wasn’t firm to make a grave, so she’d taken it to the Concrete to put it to rest, quietly sobbing and saying sorry as her nails had clawed at the dirt.
Ralla curled up on her bed with one of her books to dispel this memory. Her father had sat with her and taught her each of the sounds the words were meant to make, his speech and tone deathly stern and emotionless. She knew what a smile was, though he had rarely shown her one. She had to make progress and do him proud in her tasks in the Other to win any affection from him. 
Her books took her away from that chore. She turned the pages without hurry, reading about other creatures the people of the Concrete world had made up from nothing. Fanciful lies for children, her father had called them. These people were dishonest and deceptive; vicious and twisted. His truth was the only truth she’d known. 
Ralla examined the pictures of these mythical beasts, with their intricate details and their fantastic attributes. She studied the words, and thought of looking for these creatures to see if perhaps her father was the duplicitous one.
Her window was open to the Other, and a butterfly fluttered in, resting quite boldly atop the spine of her book, its beady eyes on Ralla. She kept as still as she could, holding her breath knowing the slightest puff would scare the insect away.
“Don’t go back out there,” Ralla whispered. “It’s not safe.”
Ralla could’ve sworn the butterfly said, “I know.”







Far out in the middle of the flatlands, on the other side of the hill, Seth was having trouble getting his bike started. He hadn’t wasted all the fuel yet; he’d gone out with a full tank. Something else was shot, and he didn’t have his tools to fix it. To add to his nightmare, he was out of range and couldn’t call Nick to come get him. He was going to have to push the piece of junk all the way back home. 
Not a lot went right for Seth these days. If school wasn’t getting to him, where his teachers were hassling him for not concentrating, he was being ignored by his mum, Josie. Nick paid more attention and he wasn’t even Seth’s real dad. 
Seth made it back on the road after nearly an hour of trudging and shoving his bike across the dirt, despondent and angry in his sweaty discomfort. Carl Mitchell’s truck rolled up from down the road, the horn making a short blast to alert him. Seth wasn’t surprised Lacey was at the wheel. 
“Throw it in the back,” she said to him as she hopped out to open the tray. “I’ll get you back to the shop.”
“Thanks, Lacey.” 
He could just about lift the bike with Lacey’s help, and she wasn’t a weedy woman. She and Josie worked at the tavern in town, Lacey swearing every year she was going to get enough cash together to move to Upton. Now Carl was getting too sick to run the tavern, and her mother was out of the picture, Lacey had fewer chances to make good on her promise.
Seth climbed into the passenger seat once the job was done and Lacey got them on the road.
“Any plans for your birthday next month?” Lacey asked.
“No.”
“But it’s your sixteenth. Won’t Nick and Josie let you have some people over?”
“No one wants to come out to Huntington for a party, Lacey. You know that.”
“I know it’s a bigger ghost town than it was ten years ago, but I’m sure we could work something out with your folks.”
“I’d rather forget about it,” Seth said. “I’m still kinda bummed about Olivia dumping me.”
“That was harsh.”
“I shouldn’t expect so much, I guess.”
“Chin up. I won’t tell you it gets better, but it can’t get any worse, right?”
“My bike’s busted again, so yeah, it just did.”
Lacey let it go and left Seth to his sulking. 
Back at the shop, Nick was finishing up with a customer and was just about to start another job. Lacey pulled into the main parking lot and announced Seth’s bike was busted.
“I’ll be busy with this radiator; you can use the tools to fix it up,” Nick said as he got the bike down and wheeled it along.
Lacey took off and Seth sat with his bike, not really trying to make a go of fixing it. He thought maybe Nick would get him a new one instead for his birthday, so if he played up how busted this one was, he’d have a better case for a replacement. 
Nick was too clever about that stuff to believe it was a lost cause. He looked the bike over once he was done with his last job.
“I’ll order in a new motor,” Nick said. “Sorry, it’s all I can afford right now.”
“It’s okay.”
“It’s been too quiet these last six months. Not a lot of business has come through here. Josie’s not getting many customers either.”
“I get it, Nick. It’s not a big deal.”
“You about ready to go home?”
“Yeah.”
His house was just that much further out for Seth to feel completely removed from civilisation. Nick had lived there for twenty years, Josie moving to town right before Seth was born. She and Nick had gotten together pretty fast, according to Lacey. It’d had something to do with his concern for Josie’s safety — Lacey never got the full picture. Josie was even more shut off about it these days. 
Josie often acted like she was missing something she swore she’d left somewhere and still couldn’t find. It wasn’t something nagging, like a clip or a piece of jewellery. It was important to her, she just wouldn’t say what it was. Seth would’ve helped her look if it meant she’d cheer up. She wasn’t mean to him, and she wasn’t the type to yell at him for small mistakes. Nick promised she wasn’t disappointed in him. All Seth could see was he couldn’t make her happy.
By his own admission, Nick suffered the same problem. He’d once brought flowers home to Josie and she’d barely given them a glance. She’d thanked Nick later, apologising for not saying anything. They were red roses too; expensive and hard to find without heading out to Upton. 
As a kid, Seth had pulled up a bunch of what he thought were flowers and taken them to Josie, his five-year-old mind telling him they were pretty, and she’d smile at them. She’d carelessly told him they were a weed, not a flower, and when he’d gotten sad, she’d consoled him by putting them in a jam jar with some water before leaving them by the window in the kitchen. They’d been dead within less than a day. 
The junky cards Seth had constructed for Mother’s Day, along with the dumb, clay sculptures he’d made in art class in Year 5, had ended up in a box in the back room. Seth had long since given up making grand gestures. Josie cared, but didn’t. This divide wasn’t his fault. Nick persistently said Josie’s past got to her and she’d go quiet now and then, shutting down on everyone and just getting on with her day with the least amount of communication required. 
Seth beat Nick inside when they arrived home that afternoon. He said hi to Josie but didn’t mention the bike.
“What happened to you? You’re a mess,” she said, lacking the concern a mother would usually display. 
“I got stuck out in the flats when my bike broke down again. Lacey gave me a ride back to the shop.”
“That was good of her. Sorry we can’t get you a new bike for your birthday.”
“Nick already explained.”
“Best I can do is a packet cake. Did you want chocolate?”
Seth hung his jacket over the back of one of the kitchen chairs. “Can we pretend I’m not having a birthday? I’m not in the mood.”
“We can,” Nick said from the front door as he was kicking off his dirty work boots to leave outside, “except it won’t stop you getting a year older.”
“I’m aware of that,” Seth answered. “I just don’t feel like doing anything.”
“We could go to town, so you can sign up for a learner’s permit,” Nick suggested, giving Josie a kiss on her cheek that she half-heartedly acknowledged. “You already know how to drive; you won’t be on your plates all that long.”
Nick had taught Seth to drive when he was fourteen, a common rite of passage at that age for kids who lived on remote properties. “But I don’t have a car to drive, so what’s the point? You already said you can’t afford to get me a new bike.”
“I’m more likely to end up with a used car someone will want towed to the wreckers. If I do, I’ll show you how to fix it up. I think it’s about time you graduated from dirt bikes.”
Nick was an astounding optimist, effortlessly countering Josie’s terminal moodiness and pessimism. Seth was mostly on her side these days. Along with the typical tribulations of being a teenager — acne, awkwardness, flaky girlfriends, and even flakier friends — and adding isolation into the mix, Seth had drawn all the worst cards from the deck. Looking on the bright side was pointless. 
“I won’t hold my breath,” he said as he went off to get out of his filthy clothes. 
The water heater was playing up again and Seth had to tolerate a tepid shower, his frustration so far from subsiding he was sure he’d be stuck like this for a week. He had homework to do on his cruddy old laptop and the house was too far from the exchange to have a reliable internet connection. Any time he needed access, Seth had to piggyback the signal off his abysmal old phone. Upton High was the only place he could access anything online that didn’t take nearly ten minutes to load. 
Nick and Josie each had done their best to get Seth what he needed, though rarely any of it was brand new. Josie would get him new shoes, but always the cheapest ones. She got her own clothes from bargain bins, and Seth got used to receiving knockoffs and bottom-end phones. Lacey had given him her old laptop, and he knew all his baby stuff was bought from another family. It was how they survived — Seth got that, which meant he didn’t complain as much as some other kid probably would.
They weren’t making any immediate plans to leave town. There had been discussions around whether the council was ever going to buy the land the house sat on, and if it would bring in the required cash for them to move. If it didn’t, it was down to Seth to graduate and hopefully make it into a decent university that could also offer a scholarship to cover his fees. Seth was now in Year 10 and every kid in his year had to decide what they wanted to do for a career. It couldn’t wait until after graduation, or even next year. They had to know, at that very second, what they wanted to do with the rest of their lives. 
Seth could’ve dropped out and helped Nick at the shop. The mere suggestion of it was rebuffed by Nick; Seth was too smart to end up fixing cars for a living. Apart from fixing his bike regularly, he’d had to do repairs on his laptop, and he could deal with nearly all of Josie’s computer issues without assistance. Machines made sense to him, unlike people. 
What was making even less sense to Seth now was how little he resembled Josie. He got Nick wasn’t his dad, yet they had more likenesses, Nick often having to correct people that Seth wasn’t his son. Comparing himself to Josie, with her pale blonde hair, her narrow, beaky nose, and her washed-out blue eyes, Seth’s hair was almost ebony, his nose more rounded and his eyes, dark brown. Nothing matched. His suspicions went in circles that spun faster whenever Josie showed him less consideration. Nick knew only slightly more of Josie’s past; he’d kept out of a lot of it for the sake of avoiding an argument with her. The tension was more about Seth’s real dad, Nick once mentioning a fight Josie had had with him before she left town. Lacey had also said there was another man who’d been stalking Josie years ago, but had never shown up.
Josie didn’t have any photo albums or pictures in frames. She tended to the plants in her spare time, or sat out on the veranda and read. She didn’t nag Seth or Nick, or express any lofty expectations they couldn’t meet. Seth would’ve been grateful for this if she’d just given him more attention growing up. Though she’d read to him and tucked him in at night, and looked after him whenever he was sick or frightened, it hadn’t once been with any real affection. She’d settle him then leave, and he didn’t feel he could ask her to stay. 
Bored with his homework and his thoughts, Seth scrolled through his Facebook feed on his phone, all the pictures taking ages to load. Olivia’s profile had changed; she’d taken a shot of herself and Wesley — Seth’s replacement — and she’d updated her relationship status. Seth wasn’t shocked; he’d seen it coming. It still stung. Usually, he hated being cut off from the rest of the world, but on days like this, it suited his need to be alone. He’d adapted to this alienation, yet it failed to shake the sensation in his gut that he was unwanted and misplaced.
Josie happened to be outside the bathroom door later that night when Seth was done brushing his teeth. 
“Oh, I wasn’t waiting here,” she said, noticing that he was tense. “Are you okay?”
“Just had a bad day at school. My bike breaking down didn’t help.”
“I’m sure it didn’t. And Nick told me about Olivia, by the way. That really bites. Sorry, kiddo.”
“Yeah, well…”
They might as well have been talking like friends or roommates. Josie squeezed his arm and said goodnight, and Seth went to his room all the more unsettled for it.






Seth’s birthday always left a scratch on Josie’s heart that brought with it too much sorrow. Every year, she’d bought him as many presents as she could afford. She’d decorated the kitchen when he was younger, and made a cake. 
She did everything she would have done for her daughter. 
The day would be spent focusing on Seth as much as possible. Then that night, she’d drink wine to numb her soul, finding somewhere quiet to commiserate the fact she’d lost another year not knowing her daughter.
At ten, Seth was sick of the frivolity. Josie still offered to take him to the city and buy him whatever she could afford as a gift. He’d gone with Nick the last five years, giving Josie more time than she’d desired to sit and think about the worst mistake of her life. 
Imagining her daughter with Calder did nothing but cause a fire in Josie’s chest. Her jealousy became unbearable, and she hunted for any distraction she could find to dull the flames. Entertaining any ideas of how Calder might be treating her daughter would only have Josie extremely agitated. She’d take it out on everyone around her if she didn’t get the space to grapple with it alone. 
Seth and Nick had to put up with these outbursts. Josie would do damage control as quickly as she could, apologising and absolving them while blaming it all on a customer she’d encountered, or some other trivial nonsense that had gotten her goat that day. She felt so undeserving of Nick’s patience and understanding, often left wondering when he’d finally blow a gasket and send her on her way for being such a harridan.
Lying was a dismal process that sucked up Josie’s passion and appreciation. Seth was such a well-behaved child, seldom acting up. He was quick to know if he’d done anything wrong and hadn’t wanted to fall out of favour with her or Nick. Josie knew he tried as hard as he could at school; she couldn’t fault him for daydreaming or struggling with his work when she’d hardly been the model student herself. 
Seth shared almost nothing with her now. Josie accepted Nick probably knew more about his thoughts and feelings. He’d always been a quiet kid, and she’d suspected he observed and comprehended more than he let on. He’d been a sweet little boy who’d always tried to make her happy with the smallest gestures. Josie demanded so much of herself. Each day she woke up with the thought she had to be a better mother to him. She had to make up for what Calder had stolen from him. 
Too often, a thought of her daughter would invade — what she might look like now, what Calder may have done to her. Josie thought all the worst things possible until she was sick and broken with remorse. If he’d harmed her baby at all… 
The tragedy was Josie couldn’t fool herself into believing Seth was hers and that she’d never had a daughter. Nearly every night, she went to bed to suffer the nightmare of Calder taking her baby, waking to be reminded she had a stranger’s child, and not her own, to nurture and raise.
Nick had taken care of Seth so willingly it had crushed Josie’s spirit. The bond they had put her out in the cold sometimes; she couldn’t find a way to be closer to them. The fault again sat with her. Her lying was the crime and this isolation, the suitable punishment. With her guilt becoming insurmountable, she’d contemplated leaving them both. As it festered, she’d considered a much worse method of disappearing — a permanent solution to her perpetual misery.
She’d penned a letter to Seth on the night of his twelfth birthday. Drunk on cheap red wine and self-pity, she’d written a full confession as to who she was to him and why she had to leave. She’d said sorry so many times the word was all she could see when she read the letter over, her tears dripping onto the page. She’d sobered up too quickly, and while Seth and Nick slept, she’d burned the letter in the fireplace, spending the night on the wicker sofa outside where she knew she could cry without being heard. 
Lacey kept Josie from really diving into her depression. With Carl’s absences growing more frequent, the two of them had taken charge of the tavern, hiring three more people from town to man the bar and clean the place. Josie was particularly bossy, Lacey being more laid back and amenable to screw-ups. Lacey was tending to the books as well, Josie stating she’d no head for accounting.
Lacey’s threats to leave town continued to go nowhere. Carl’s deteriorating health was her biggest roadblock, and yet she didn’t resent the setback. Josie suspected Lacey was too scared to leave. Her whole life was wrapped up in the tavern, Carl teaching her how to bartend before she could legally drink. She had a way with the customers Josie couldn’t always match. Over the years, she’d turned into the best friend Josie had needed all her life. She just couldn’t tell Lacey the truth, no matter how badly she wanted to share her past with someone else.
Josie should’ve been searching for her daughter. She could’ve made up reasons to leave town to go on a mission to find her baby, such as her parents needed to see her, or she had some boring financial issue to contend with. Visiting Brent wasn’t a viable excuse. Whenever Nick had asked about him, Josie had maintained she’d not had contact with Brent and she assumed he’d given up on her. Early on, in the months after her last encounter with Calder, Josie had woken up in terror believing the police were knocking on her door to arrest her at last for Brent’s death. She waited for Calder to cruelly alter reality again and expose her for the fraud she was. She hadn’t one iota of trust for him, certain he would do all this and more on a whim. Josie knew he was a man without honour, yet he demanded this from his victims without any sense of hypocrisy. She had to hold him to the promise he’d made that he’d never harm her daughter. 
Any spark of courage Josie had to begin her search would die knowing Calder had vanished without a trace. He’d left her without any clues as to where to find him. She couldn’t afford to send a detective after him. They’d be expecting some evidence to go on; there was no chance they’d be gracious enough to just look for someone like Calder with no idea where to start. She hadn’t a hope in hell of ever finding him. 
Her greatest curse was to happen across girls she thought might have been her daughter. Josie had driven Seth to school until he was old enough to catch the bus, on one particular day staying longer than she should have to stare at another girl with pale blonde hair. She’d avoided the girl’s mother, later discovering her name was Charlotte. Josie went on to build an identity for Charlotte that would fit her idea of who her daughter might be. Charlotte had appeared to be quite shy. Josie’s misguided affection for her was shattered in the end when she’d realised this girl was a brat and her mother wasn’t all that good at disciplining her. 
Josie’s unhealthy habit of imprinting versions of her daughter onto other girls carried on far longer than it should have. She may have appeared covetous and untrustworthy. There was a relief in knowing Seth’s friends were usually other boys. Josie knew he had girlfriends; never meeting them probably suited her more than it did him. Even if it had been genuine, Seth hadn’t wanted Josie’s pity for him being hurt by this Olivia girl he’d broken up with. Josie accepted his moodiness, grateful he wasn’t a tearaway who was causing her more worry than she needed. 
Through all this, Josie was still a horrible mother. Any justifications she had for her behaviour were shallow and pitiful. She’d failed on so many counts, she knew she was well past redemption. 
Nick found her out on the veranda as she was sorting through the same garbage she had in her head every night.
“You coming to bed?” he asked.
“In a minute.”
Expecting him to leave her alone as he usually did, Nick chose to come out and talk to her. Josie always gave up her want to be alone if he had something on his mind. 
“I wish you’d tell me what it is that makes you so miserable this time of year. I get Seth’s not thrilled about it being his birthday, but you just disappear into yourself and I have no idea what’s going on in your head.”
“I’m failing him,” Josie said with her eyes on the darkness. 
“Things haven’t gone his way for a while. It’s not your doing.”
Rather absently, she replied, “He deserves better.” 
“You’ve done all you could for him considering what you’ve had to deal with. Is it because you never told him about Brent that you feel this way?”
“Maybe. I can’t say.”
“Would it help if you told Seth the truth?”
Which truth? “I doubt it. He’s got enough to deal with. What good would it do explaining any of it?”
“What can I do?”
“You’re already doing it, Nick. He appreciates you more, and I’m okay with that now. I’ll get past this. It’s just hard to see him so miserable when I know I could do better by him.”
“You’re doing the best you can.” Nick moved to leave her be. “Promise me I won’t find you out here at four in the morning like I did last week. You’re not doing yourself any favours sitting out here going over all the things you can’t change, Josie.”
“I know.”
It didn’t mean she was going to quit. 
The screen door creaked closed as Nick went inside. Josie was grateful for the solitude, and drew her knees up to her chest, propping her chin on her arms. 
She’d made this resolution to move on many times before, each attempt failing as disastrously as the last. Her strength was waning; she clawed for it most days and ordered herself to be tougher. She had no one to blame but herself and her own unforgivable cowardice for allowing Calder to take her daughter. She had no choice but to pull it together and go on with her life as it was.







Shutting down and ignoring everyone on the bus the next morning was Seth’s only way of containing his anger. He’d want to kick a wall or punch someone if they were really getting on his case, his fists always remaining at his sides. Riding his bike over the flats down past the old rail tracks cleared his head most of the time. Now his bike was out of action, he’d run out of outlets for his frustration. 
It was another day of pestering and dodging people in between his classes. Another day of keeping his head down and sticking to monosyllabic grunts if anyone bothered to acknowledge him. Rachel Caruthers asked if he was having a party for his sixteenth. He shook his head and walked off.
Upton High was overpopulated due to the lack of high schools in the district; it had to support at least fifteen hundred kids from three neighbouring towns, many of them coming in on buses. Yet it was impossible to get lost in the crowd. They weren’t crammed into one building; the school was broken into four single storey blocks of classrooms, with concrete paths connecting them and steps heading up the slopes to the metalwork rooms. Kids would bring their bikes and skateboards there on weekends or during the summer. Seth had been one of them until he’d ditched his skateboard at thirteen in favour of his dirt bike. 
He was printing out his history essay that night, infuriated when he ran out of paper and failing to find more in his room. He had to hunt around the back room for more, resorting to rifling through boxes of paperwork for any blank pages he could find, Josie’s propensity towards disorganisation often causing Seth strife like this. At the bottom of one box was an article with a headline Seth couldn’t ignore: Break and enter leads to homicide. 
Seth brought the page up into the light to read it. A guy named Brent Philips had been found dead at the bottom of the stairs after an intruder had pushed him during a botched break and enter. The intruder, Peter Waters, who’d already been arrested previously for assault, had pled guilty to the crime, and had received nine years in prison. 
This wasn’t a newspaper clipping. The page had been printed out from a news website. The print date on the footer was 2001, and the article was dated from December that year — just about eight months before Seth’s birthday.
“Seth? You home?” Nick hollered from the living room. 
Josie hadn’t gotten back from work; she usually stayed late at the tavern on Thursdays. Seth folded up the page and went out to confront Nick.
“Where were you?” Nick asked.
“I was just looking for some paper. I couldn’t find any.”
“There should be a stack in the desk somewhere.”
“Do you know anything about this?” Seth handed the page to Nick and watched him look it over.
“Where did you get this?”
“It was in the bottom of a box. Did you know the guy?”
Nick was still reading, his reaction switching from puzzled to disturbed. “I didn’t. Josie did.”
“He was my dad, wasn’t he? Brent Philips.”
Nick’s response to this was to take the article and fold it up to shove in his pocket. “We should wait for Josie to come home.”
Seth wasn’t having it. “Tell me what you know.”
“Not as much as you think, Seth,” Nick said abruptly. “Josie’s told me as much as she could manage to say.”
“Did you know he was dead?”
Avoiding the question, Nick moved past Seth down the hall, the screen door hitting the wall when he slammed it back. 
“Nick! Did you know he was dead?” 
Seth rushed after Nick to see he had faltered on the way to his truck. He was distraught, and Seth’s own panic was amping up now to see Nick this angry.
“No!” he shouted, his voice softer when he said, “She never told me.”
Headlights bathed the road up ahead to signal Lacey was bringing Josie home. Seth was stuck with Nick’s silence as the truck came closer, his impatience skyrocketing as the old truck trundled towards the house and came to a halt beside them.
Lacey and Josie stopped their chatting, the pair of them confused as to why Nick and Seth were standing outside.
“You the welcoming committee or something?” Lacey asked.
“Josie, we need to talk,” Nick said, completely ignoring Lacey. 
Josie hopped down from the truck and Lacey frowned at her. “I’ll see you tomorrow, Lacey.”
Lacey took the hint and backed her truck up to turn toward the main road. Seth picked up on Josie’s guilt immediately; she had to have known what this was about. Nick didn’t hand her the article until the three of them were inside.
“Why didn’t you tell me about this?” Nick demanded.
Josie blankly stared at the page, the colour in her face slowly fading. Seth was at the ready to attack, determined to get to the truth. 
A weird, pitiful sob came out of Josie’s mouth and she smothered it with her palm. Seth couldn’t hear her crying. She was shaking with the slightest convulsions, appearing to force her sorrow to stay inside. Her knees suddenly buckled and she dropped to the floor, Nick dashing over to her without any of the hostility he’d just displayed.
“I can’t do this anymore,” Josie whimpered, childlike and plaintive. “I can’t.”
“What happened, Josie?” Nick insisted.
“I have to tell you. Both of you. I can’t carry this any longer. I’ve tried. For Seth’s sake and yours. I’ve really tried.”
Nick got her to her feet and she went to the couch. Seth was bracing himself, unprepared for this now Josie was so overwrought. This wasn’t a day’s worth of guilt and sorrow she’d been hiding — it had to have been at least sixteen years. Nick asked Seth to sit down so they could hear Josie out.
“Just tell us everything,” Nick said soothingly, remaining at her side but wary of her disposition. “I won’t interrupt.”
“I didn’t kill him,” she murmured. “I promise you, it was all an accident. Calder… He fixed it all.” She lightly held the page with her trembling fingertips before she lay it down on the coffee table, still with her eyes on it. 
Seth felt clammy and he couldn’t take a full breath. He kept wiping his sweaty palms on his jeans, so tense now he thought Josie’s stress was contagious.
“Brent was absolutely furious I’d gotten pregnant,” Josie began. “He just hit me out of nowhere and kept charging at me; he wouldn’t stop. I was sure he was going to beat me to death. We were tussling by the top of the stairs, and when I stepped away from him, he tripped and fell and broke his neck. The police took me in for questioning. I was the only one there.”
Seth went to ask about the intruder with a sinking suspicion Josie had framed him. Because Nick had kept quiet, Seth had to do the same.
“The other man I told you about,” Josie said to Nick, “the one I thought was going to come here to hurt me… He came to me that night. I thought he was my lawyer, but he’d come to make a deal with me that if I gave up my baby, he’d make it so someone else had killed Brent and I could go free. He said the police weren’t going to believe it was an accident; he’d make sure of it. I thought I had no choice; I couldn’t go to prison and have a baby there. So, I agreed. I don’t even remember leaving the station; I just ended up back at the house like nothing had ever gone wrong.” 
She wiped her nose with her sleeve. “The next morning, I came here to start over. I was trying to find a way to stop Calder. He has these… powers. I was making wards and alarms; those stupid wind chimes, remember? That was all to keep him away, but it didn’t work. It made him mad. The night I was at the hospital, he came to collect the baby. I couldn’t stop him.”
Seth’s bones felt hollow and his chest was getting tighter. 
Nick couldn’t keep quiet now. “He took Seth?”
Josie shook her head frantically. “He gave me Seth and took my daughter to teach me a lesson. I was going to renege on our deal and he knew.” She took a breath and hurriedly explained, “Seth was abandoned by his mother at the same hospital. I had to take him, I couldn’t tell anyone, they’d have never believed me. Calder still has my daughter.”
The edges of Seth’s sight had gone grey and he thought he been stricken with tunnel vision. Josie wasn’t his mother and Brent wasn’t even his father? He was abandoned?
“Seth, I’m so sorry,” Josie said, still weeping. “I didn’t have a choice.”
He couldn’t look at her. “Are you telling me you only took care of me because someone forced you to?”
“I couldn’t leave you behind. Your mother had her memory erased by Calder; she doesn’t even know you exist. I can’t find her. All the records have been manipulated by him and-”
“Shut up!” Seth shouted, now on his feet. He was too enraged to keep still. “I knew you didn’t care about me! I’m not an idiot. You’ve lied to me this whole time. Now you’re telling me my real mother won’t even recognise me? What is wrong with you?”
Josie was about to plead with him, but Seth couldn’t stay. He knew Nick kept a spare set of keys in the truck under the front seat. He darted outside, Nick calling after him as he scrambled to the truck to take off. 
They didn’t want him. Seth could deal with Nick not being his father; he could’ve almost accepted Josie wasn’t his mother. But this discovery, this riotously unbelievable explanation — that, he couldn’t swallow. 
Nick and Josie were both shouting at Seth to come back. He didn’t listen. Why should he have listened to the same people who’d been lying to him his entire life?


4

“I will come back,” the butterfly whispered. “When he is gone.”
Ralla’s breath was still caged as she watched the butterfly turn to wispy, white smoke and drift out the window into the Other. Ralla cast her gaze over the space outside, searching for where the smoke had gone. This creature was not of the Concrete. It was not always tangible. It had to be a relative of her father’s. 
Mentioning this to him would be a mistake. Ralla knew he was at odds with the people of his realm, and any intruders from there were not welcome. She wasn’t to answer either door should someone happen past the house. 
This butterfly was her very first visitor. Ralla dreamt of meeting a new person more often now; she didn’t care where they were from. She wanted to hear other voices and touch another’s hand. Her father had tended to her when she was a helpless baby, but as she grew, he ceased to offer her comfort if she were hurt or upset. She’d once cut herself by accident, and he’d rebuked her inability to close her wound at will.
“Your flesh is flawed,” he’d complained. “When you become like me, your skin will heal as if the wound was never there. I’m hard to hurt, and far more difficult to kill, Ralla. You can be impervious, like me.”
“I am trying,” she’d said. “It’s not as easy as you say it is.”
“Keep talking like that, and it’ll always be difficult. That’s your other curse. You need to stop thinking like them.”
A piece of Ralla was still drawn to the Other; she did want the powers her father possessed. If she could be like smoke and travel on the air wherever she wanted, she’d finally be free of this house. She vowed to try harder with this in mind.
Skirting the edge of the woods that afternoon, Ralla checked amongst the trees for signs of the butterfly. Birds shot from branch to branch, disrupting the leaves as they went. It was spring; they were nesting, collecting twigs to fashion their homes for their babies. With her eyes fixed on one small brown bird, Ralla was now inching into the trees.
“Ralla!” 
She spun back to see her father on the front step.
“Get back in here! Now!”
Dark and disappointed, she trudged back to the house. “I wasn’t going far.”
“You know you’re not meant to set foot past the first row of trees. How many times must I say this?”
“Can’t you just take me one place and show me what you see?”
“I keep telling you, child, there’s nothing out there for you. Why would you want the mundanity of their world when you can have all the powers and privileges of the Other? There is so much more there worth seeing, and I can’t take you any further if you don’t learn to adapt.”
He decided her punishment was to return to the Other for more training. Now her attitude had changed, she had a reason to perfect her skills, so Ralla used more energy and focus. She put out her hand and willed it to vanish, her skin disappearing first. The bones and muscle beneath followed, and gradually her wrist became transparent. When her entire forearm was gone, her father looked at her with glowing pride.
“That’s the way,” he prompted, eagerly. “Keep it up.”
Ralla pushed to make her elbow disappear, her head now light. Disoriented, she lost concentration, and her arm returned.
“I can’t. I feel dizzy.”
“It’s burnt more of your energy. You have to conserve this to maintain your intangible form.”
“I need something to eat,” she said, almost whining. “I’m starving.”
He ushered her inside with an air of indignation. There wasn’t much food left in the house, and he now had to leave to find some.
“I’ll be back soon,” her father advised. 
Doors and walls meant nothing to him; the physical laws of the Concrete were a mere joke. Ralla had more respect than he did; she wouldn’t be so bold as to break the rules should she ever have a chance to see more of the Other.
Ralla was about to return to her room when a whisper from the woods had her going back outside. With her father now gone, she ventured forth quickly, neglecting to find her shoes in her haste. She searched again for the butterfly, a quick flash of light zipping past her eyes then hovering ahead of her. 
There it was, brighter now in the shadows. “This way,” it beckoned. 
Ralla traced the butterfly past every tree as it weaved and dodged, not bothering to pay attention to how far she was going. She wouldn’t turn back to check the distance from the house and risk missing the flight of the butterfly. But she blinked once, and it was gone. Now frantic, she ran further on through the undergrowth, stopping still at the sight of a short, hunched woman in a clearing up ahead. 
“Come closer,” the woman said, her voice matching that of the butterfly’s.
“It was you!” Ralla marvelled, going forward. 
The woman’s long hair resembled fine spun silver, and her skin was pallid and papery. She was rather wizened, but her small eyes looked bright, and her heart-shaped face with its symmetrical lips and slender nose was rather beautiful. In her youth, she may have been taller than Ralla, her weary, huddled form suggesting pain and defeat had withered her faster than age. The sheer fabric of her billowing dress was multicoloured like the butterfly’s wings, intricately embroidered in delicate silver thread that sparkled, despite the dimness of the woods.
Ralla possessed not one ounce of fear of this woman. Her joy and astonishment rose above any trepidation she might have felt. 
“Oh, child. I’m sorry I’ve left you out here with him for so long.”
“Who are you?” Ralla asked.
“My name is Papalia. I am from the same place as your father.”
“You live in the Other?”
Papalia urged Ralla closer, gesturing for her to sit in the grass of the clearing with her. “I am older now, and frailer. But I’ve come to live with being here. I hadn’t once. A long while ago, I was sent here for a misdeed Calder tricked me into committing.”
“You know my father?”
“Very well. He courted me once when we lived in the Other. I was told to be wary of him, but I didn’t heed these warnings. I was young and foolish, as so many of us are. Our people are more human that Calder wants to admit.”
“What did he do to you?” Ralla then asked.
“It was trickery. He wanted a corporeal form, and he knew I was capable of this. He wanted me to teach him in exchange for his affections, and I did readily. He said he knew a way to the Concrete world and he wanted us to go there. We’re not permitted to do this, and we were caught. He didn’t defend me or offer to be cast out in my place… My abilities here weakened so quickly, and once he saw I was no use to him on this side, he abandoned me here.”
This couldn’t have been her father. He despised all who lived in the Concrete. 
“But he wants me to be like him,” Ralla said. “Why would he want to be like me?”
“Because he wants, quite literally, the best of both worlds.”
“Then why does he need me?”
“You were never his, Ralla. He stole you when you were a baby; extorted you from your mother by way of an unfair bargain. He grows bored and likes to toy with humans. He grants them wishes they never make aloud; keeps them from danger or mishap. Then he presents himself, and issues an inescapable deal for something precious of theirs. I know he wanted a human child to experiment on. He believed he could take this child and make them one of us. Those who cast us out don’t know he’s found a door on the boundary between the Other and the Concrete.” 
“You can’t tell them this?” Ralla asked.
“I cannot go back to tell them without punishment for returning.”
“Can I help you return?”
“That’s not what I’ve brought you here for. I can right one of his wrongs now. I can return you to your mother.”
“He told me she was cruel and horrid like everyone else here.”
“All Calder can do is lie or bend the truth to his liking. Your mother is not cruel. She may have made mistakes, but she has a good heart.”
“You’ve met her?”
“I’ve been with her… A long time ago.”
“Can you take me to her?”
“I’ll send you as far as I can,” Papalia said. “You’ll need to go on your own from there. I cannot travel too far from the boundary without sacrificing what’s left of my abilities, and I will cover your tracks so Calder cannot find you. You belong in the Concrete, not in the Other. Calder’s vicious ways of teaching you will kill you before you ever get close to being like him.”
Papalia put her hand down to push herself up, Ralla rising to lift her as she stumbled. 
“Will my father hurt you when he finds out what you’ve done?” She was too accustomed to calling him this, especially now she knew who he truly was.
“He may, child. But I will take that risk. It’s been so many years since I’ve had enough power to do what I could to help you.” 
Papalia took another small step toward Ralla. “Now hold still. Keep your breath in your body and your feet firmly on the ground.”
Ralla planted her feet firm in the grass and stilled her breathing, watching intently as Papalia held out her hand. A spike protruded from her withered palm, breaking the skin but not causing it to bleed. The spike then unravelled much like a blossoming flower. However, the petals were actually two unfolding wings that spread and stretched to reveal a deep purple and black monarch butterfly.
Papalia pushed back her sleeve, and the hairs on her arm prickled as more spikes emerged along the ridge of her forearm, each one rising then unfolding like the first. A myriad of butterflies, each appearing unique in species and colour, now covered her arm in clusters, patiently beating their wings. Across Papalia’s face, more spikes were emerging, and she opened her smiling mouth, her tongue appearing just past her lips as another spike grew on the tip. Her face rapidly became a mask of wings as her body was giving way, and she seemed to collapse like a crumbling statue right before this swarm of butterflies began dancing around Ralla. 
Still and silent, but wishing she could look around her, Ralla waited for whatever spell Papalia was casting. The butterflies tickled and kissed Ralla’s face and arms, gradually blinding her to the woods around her as they blanketed her whole body. Faint now with the sensation of pending sleep, Ralla succumbed to the swarm and let it gather her up into a dark void.
Ralla was weightless for just a short while, much like she’d been as a child, wrapped in Calder’s cloud. In another heartbeat, she was lying face up on cold gravel under a huge, starry sky.
The butterflies had all gone away; not a trace of them remained. Ralla’s clothes were too thin to protect her from the chill. She’d been warmer inside the house and hadn’t grabbed her cardigan before she went chasing after Papalia. She stood slowly, gazing about herself and seeing a flat expanse of nothing in every direction. Sand danced across the ground in little flurries with the breeze. 
Moonlight lit her way and glinted off a metal surface on the ground ahead of her. Some grass had grown over the metal, obscuring the edge. Closer now, she saw two rails connected by a series of warped wooden boards. The rails extended ahead and behind her. She didn’t know north from south or east from west, and her memory took a while to find the word for these railings. 
It was a track used to support a train from one place to another. She’d read about trains and other machines used for travelling long distances. What little she knew of navigation told her the stars could guide sailors by night, but her understanding of the constellations was scant. She recalled one star was brighter than the others. She searched the sky for it, and when she found it, she knew she could follow it due north. Yet a strange sensation within — what she could only call her instinct — had her feet following the tracks southward. 
The tiny rocks bit the soles of her feet as she walked. The horizon was a solid line; no landmarks were visible by their silhouettes. Ralla was thinking she’d be walking this way forever. Out of futility, she took one large step and tried to fold the ground towards her back foot. All her front foot did was scrape painfully back over the gravel and sand.
Her fears were now finding fertile soil. She was without food and water, lost in what she believed was a desert. There wasn’t anything resembling a building or even a large rock to shelter behind. If Papalia had lied, Ralla was in greater danger now. She almost longed for Calder to seek her out and bring her home.
Lamenting her choice to follow Papalia, Ralla continued on her path with no other plan. She missed her room and her bed, and her books. She was even beginning to miss the Other. Her escape had sealed her fate.
Calder’s vicious ways of teaching you will kill you before you ever get close to being like him.
“I could die now,” Ralla said miserably to the empty air around her. “What difference did you make?”
Her mother could still be cruel and want nothing to do with her. Where would she go then? Papalia was the enemy, and Ralla was cursing her now her legs were getting weaker. 
A distant pair of lights to the right of her stopped Ralla in her tracks. They were tearing towards her and she wanted to cower, even though she instinctively knew this was her salvation. The lights belonged to a vehicle, and she sensed all she had to do was raise her arms to signal her presence. Her feet were stepping onto smoother, darker ground that was noticeably warmer than the sand behind her.
The car braked just as Ralla stepped out into its lights. Shielding her eyes, she waited for the driver to get out.
“You okay?” the driver called out to her. 
“I need help. I’m lost.”
The lights prevented Ralla from seeing the driver’s face. She could only ascertain he wasn’t much taller than her, and he wasn’t dressed for the chilly night in his thin, long-sleeve shirt and jeans. His voice sounded younger than her father’s and he was keeping his distance in the shadows, fearful of her as she was of him.
“I can give you a ride back to town,” the boy offered. 
“Thank you.”
He led Ralla around to the passenger side, opening the door of the truck and keeping hold of her hand as she climbed into the seat. The smell of gasoline was sharp in her nose; she recognised it from the large cans Calder brought home to fuel the generator, and her fingers and toes were aching from the cold. The inside of the truck offered no more light than the moon, so the boy’s face was still somewhat obscured. She could only make out his profile.
“What’s your name?” the boy asked. 
“Ralla.”
“I’m Seth. Did you need me to take you to Huntington or do you live in Upton?”
“I live in neither of those places. I need to find someone. I’m not sure where they are.”
Seth twisted a key to bring the vehicle back to life and manoeuvred it in the direction from which he’d come.
“I was trying to get away from Huntington,” Seth told Ralla. “But I don’t know where else to take you if you’re lost, so I guess I better go home.”
“Were you running away?” Ralla asked. 
“Yeah, but I don’t have anything on me, so I wasn’t going to get far.”
“I have nothing as well. I’ve left my home.”
“Why, what are you running from?”
“My father.”
“What did he do to you?”
“I thought he was lying to me, but now I’m not so sure.”
Ralla felt Seth look her over. “Sounds like we’re kinda in the same boat.”
“We’re in a truck, aren’t we?” Ralla asked, perplexed by his words and thinking she’d gotten things backwards. “Boats sit on water, don’t they?”
“It’s just a saying,” Seth replied, laughing. “You’ve not heard it before?”
“I’ve read lots of books. I’ve not come across that.”
“Mind if I ask something personal?” he asked hesitantly.
“Go on.”
“You weren’t raised on one of those communes, were you?”
“I’m not sure what that is.”
“Most people from those places don’t. Just, when you said you were running from your father, I thought maybe…”
“I’ve lived with him all my life, but he’s not brought anyone to our house. I found out he stole me from my mother, so I’ve come here looking for her.”
Seth abruptly stopped the truck, jerking Ralla forward. 
“Wait.” He sounded bewildered now. “Your dad’s name isn’t something like Calder, is it?”
She was just as astounded at him knowing who her father was. “Yes. But I only found out just now he may have been lying.”
Seth shook his head, speaking more to himself than Ralla. “This is impossible… No, it’s insanity. You’re not her. You can’t be.”
“Who am I not?”
Seth regarded her at last. “Ralla, I think I know who your mother is. And I know where she is.”
“You can take me to her?”
“I can… I don’t think I have any other choice.” 







“You should’ve told me the truth from the beginning, Josie!” Nick yelled at her. “What part of it would I have not understood if you’d tried?”
“I don’t know!” Josie cried desperately. “You wouldn’t get what he is. He’s not a real man; he’s like some kind of messed up magician.”
“What does that even mean?”
“I told you Calder has powers,” she said, now more exasperated than defensive. “He can vanish into thin air. He can mess with your memories and make you think anything he wants. I had no way of stopping him that night or any night. If I’d come home and told you he took my daughter and replaced her with some stranger’s son, you couldn’t have done anything about it. Nobody could. I had to accept it. I had to take Seth.”
“Who was the woman who gave him up?”
“I have no idea. Calder never gave me her name. All the records state Seth is my son and no one else’s. They all say I gave birth to him that night. There was no abandoned baby, as far as they were concerned. Even my own doctor believed it. Calder messed with all of their brains just to get what he wanted.”
They were still standing outside yelling at each other with no plan of how to deal with Seth’s departure.
“Can you even imagine how Seth feels right now?” Nick asked, still infuriated. “You do understand you left me to support your lie for sixteen years without my even knowing?”
“I had to.”
“Did you? You couldn’t trust me to tell me everything?”
“I didn’t think it would do any good, Nick.”
“Well, look what it’s done now!”
Josie knew Nick wasn’t going to hurt her. His anger was as palpable as Brent’s had been, but he wasn’t going to raise his hand. She’d let him rant and rave to get all his rage out, and took every insult he threw at her, because she had to accept his animosity. 
You’ve really screwed up now, haven’t you?
“We need to make sure Seth is okay,” she said in the quiet after Nick’s storm of words. “He’s still my son, regardless of what Calder did.”
Nick huffed and rubbed his face with his hands. “I knew something wasn’t right. Seth did too. He’s asked me about you and how you felt, and I had to keep explaining you were just broken up about Brent. Now I know the real reason, I don’t even know what to say to you, or how to act around you. You’re not who I thought you were.”
“We’ll find Seth first,” Josie said stoically. “Then you can make up your mind what to do about me.”
“I’m not kicking you out, Josie.”
“Why not? As far as betrayals go, this one’s pretty damn hideous.”
“Doesn’t change the fact I still love you.”
“Why?” she laughed incredulously. 
“Because I have enough sense now to see it wasn’t all your fault. You were blackmailed by this guy. I believed you when you said you didn’t kill Brent. You’re not evil. You’re a liar, but you’re not evil.”
“Thank you.” She bit her bottom lip before she said, “I still love you too. I’m so incredibly sorry for what I’ve done. Calder had me pegged from the start. I’m ungrateful, and I take everything in my life for granted.”
Nick headed back inside. “Come on. We better call the police before Seth gets too far. I filled the tank this afternoon, so God knows where he’ll end up.”
Josie took out her phone and called Lacey. “Seth’s taken off in Nick’s truck,” she said dismally before Lacey could even ask what happened.
“Why, what happened? Is he okay?”
“It’s a mess, Lacey. I can’t explain it all now. Can you just keep an eye out for him if he comes back into town? I don’t know where he’s going. I’m so scared for him right now.” 
Josie couldn’t lie about this. She did love Seth in her own messed up way. Hurting Nick with her lies compounded her guilt, and she let it poison her heart as punishment for her betrayal. He was right; she could’ve told him the absolute truth about Seth. Nick might have helped her find Calder. She’d have kept Seth with her had she rescued her baby. Or she could’ve demanded Calder find Seth’s mother and undo the damage. But his mother hadn’t wanted him. Calder’s manipulations meant nothing in the harsh light of this sick reality. Seth wouldn’t have had a family right now if it weren’t for Calder’s actions.
Josie went inside and told Nick she’d called Lacey.
“I phoned the station; told them Seth was out in my truck,” Nick replied. “They’ve put out a bulletin, so any patrollers can flag him down.” 
Nick got a beer from the fridge and cracked the cap off the bottle, taking a long drink and sighing again. Josie had never seen him this dejected. She’d robbed him of any hope or faith he may have had. She’d broken everything, and she could try to put it all back together, but it would still be fractured. If she’d killed his trust in her, nothing between them was going to be mended. 
“Do you have any clue why he picked you to mess with?” Nick asked out of nowhere.
“You mean Calder? He wanted to teach me a lesson. He claimed to have rescued me from these incidents when I was growing up, and when I was arrested, I’d exhausted the last of his wishes. I knew nothing about him until he came to me that night. It was so unfair. I had nothing to fight him; he manipulated the entire situation so I had no choice but to agree to his bargain.”
“But how do you know he wasn’t lying? Surely the cops would’ve figured out Brent’s death was an accident.”
“I was scared. I believed everything Calder said. I tried to call for help but he said he’d deafened everyone to me, and he could make it so they’d never believe the truth.” She put her knuckles to her lips and felt a teardrop on her hand. “I was so afraid… I couldn’t give birth to a child in prison. They’d have taken her anyway. I couldn’t win.”
“Is he ever coming back?”
“No. He got what he wanted; now I have to get on with my life. It’s what I’ve been trying to do all this time.” Josie hugged her arms and kept her gaze on the floor, ashamed and morose, and seeing no end to this pain she’d caused everyone. 
“I don’t think you deserved this, Josie,” Nick said. “I just wish you’d told me, so I could help Seth come to terms with it. Think what damage we’ve done to him now.”
“It wasn’t your fault.”
“I still have to take some responsibility. I saw cracks in your story, and I had my own suspicions I could’ve confronted you about years ago. I thought Seth just must’ve looked like his dad and not you. Or you’d been really disappointed you hadn’t had a daughter. I did think about having a kid with you, but Seth seemed like too much for you. You really didn’t cope that well with him in the beginning.”
Back then, Josie had blamed her hormones on her constant weeping and detachment from Seth. It may have been true; her body still behaved like it had given birth. She could feed Seth, and she had the twinges, headaches and typical complications. Stitches had been removed. She was still a mother — nothing changed that.
“You’ve been such a good dad to Seth, Nick. I can’t repay you for all you’ve done for the both of us. I wish I’d told you everything. I wish I could go back, but I can’t. Calder won’t undo this mess. I can’t find him and make him fix this.”
“I’m not giving up on Seth now. He trusts me. Least, he did.”
Josie heard a truck pulling up outside and thought Lacey had stopped by. 
Nick knew better. “That’s him,” he told her, urgently leaving her behind to greet Seth.
Josie’s feet wouldn’t budge. She wasn’t sure she could face Seth’s anger. But she had to. She’d have to bear the brunt of his hurt too if she had any hope of making it better.
“Josie!” Nick hollered. “You need to come out here.”
Convinced something terrible had happened to Seth, Josie bolted out the screen door and down the veranda steps, halted by the sight of a teenage girl with ratty blonde hair that fell almost to her hips. Her clothes were too big for her; the cuffs of her jeans were rolled up, and her shirt looked like it would fit an obese man and not a waif — which she was. Her slender face and sharp cheekbones weren’t unlike Josie’s. Even the girl’s nose turned down slightly at the tip. 
“This is Ralla,” Seth said unceremoniously to Josie. “I think she might belong to you.”









Seth hadn’t meant to introduce Ralla like she was Josie’s long-lost pet; the words had come out completely wrong. But now Josie was just standing there, astounded. Seth had expected hugs and tears to be lavished upon Ralla the moment she and Josie reunited. Instead, Josie was dumbstruck. Seth couldn’t tell if she was even breathing.
He’d had no intention of taking off for good. His rationality was still there; he knew he’d not get far without any money on him. He’d planned to drive around until he could construct a sentence that didn’t contain a dozen expletives. Behind all his rage, he was humiliated to learn he’d been lied to his entire existence. Right then, Seth had no sympathy for Josie, and he was shocked Nick hadn’t demanded she pack her bags and leave. 
Ralla flagging him down put another layer of confusion on a night already laden with shocking discoveries. Seth assumed she’d been dumped by the side of the road after hitching with the wrong person, so he wasn’t going to drive past and ignore her. Who she was to Josie and what she meant to his situation were too much for him to handle now. 
“You’re my mother?” Ralla asked Josie.
Josie didn’t speak, and Seth was about to yell at her for gawping.
“We should go inside and talk this out,” Nick said with impatience, clearly far too exhausted to be shocked by Ralla’s arrival. Seth knew by his tone he’d burned through all his anger and only wanted to get through the rest of this disaster with a clear head. 
Seth marched on ahead of Nick, cold and miserable, and needing this talk of theirs to be over as soon as possible. Ralla was behind him with her head down and her arms crossed over her middle. Josie was the last to come inside, still mute and dumb.
“I’ll get you some water, Ralla,” Nick offered. He was the only one of the four of them who had any real composure left.
Ralla muttered a weak little thank you for his gesture and she took the glass when Nick returned from the kitchen with it. Seth noticed now her fingers were incredibly bony and hardly looked capable of holding anything of significant weight.
Seth skirted around Josie, incapable of looking her in the eye, and plonked himself at the end of the couch, the furthest he could get from everyone without physically leaving the room. Nick directed Ralla to sit beside Seth, and she seemed to shrink away from him. He wasn’t being hostile toward her. His anger and misgivings were mostly toward Josie. He had just about forgiven Nick since he’d been played for a fool all along. 
“What has he done to you?” Josie asked Ralla in a shaky voice. “You’re so thin. Has he hurt you?”
Ralla bowed her head again, acting ashamed for no good reason Seth could see. 
“It’s okay, Ralla,” Nick said. He’d already settled himself in the armchair by the fire, now prompting Josie, who was fidgeting and twisting her hands, to sit in the other armchair across from Ralla. “You don’t have to tell us everything if you can’t right now.”
“I’m not sure what I can tell you,” she said timidly. 
Seth found Ralla’s speech to be very proper. She annunciated well, which meant Calder had to have spoken the same way around her. She understood things but didn’t at the same time. And she was strange, but not in any alien sense. She’d struggled to meet Seth’s eye when she spoke to him, and now she was avoiding Josie’s relentless staring, appearing self-conscious and pensive when Seth thought she should’ve been overjoyed. 
How could a mother see her daughter for the first time and not throw her arms around her and hug her to death? Why was Josie behaving like she was seeing a ghost and not the girl she’d had stolen from her? It was infuriating to Seth. He’d finally found the one thing that Josie had been missing and she hadn’t even thanked him.
“Did he let you go?” Josie asked Ralla.
“No. He was out getting me food when a woman named Papalia sent me here. I went with her willingly, but she could only take me so far; I had to make the rest of the way here on my own. I was so lucky Seth was passing by.”
“It wasn’t luck,” Josie said grimly. “It cannot be a coincidence. This has to be his doing. He’s up to something. He has to be.”
“Papalia hates Calder,” Ralla replied. “She’s done this to get back at him.”
“What if she’s lying?” Josie postulated. “How well do you know her? What does she really want?”
Seth was about to lunge at Josie, his fists curled once again. “Can’t you just be happy you finally have what you wanted?” he shouted. “You’re so ungrateful! She’s here now, so stop asking questions and just be glad she’s back.”
Nick’s feeble attempt to calm Seth was only met with more belligerence. Seth couldn’t just fly out the front door again, his only refuge was his room. Once inside, the door slammed shut, he kept the light off and sat up against his headboard, staring out the window. 
He had to have been cursed. This is what happened to kids born under a bad sign — nothing but one disaster after another. Calder had stolen him too, hadn’t he? Not just Ralla. They were both victims, yet Josie was only considering Ralla’s feelings, Seth was irrelevant. Now Ralla was back, he was probably going to be made redundant too. 
There was a slight knock on his door. 
“Can I come in?” Nick called.
Seth didn’t respond.
“Josie’s making Ralla some food. Do you want some?”
“Not hungry.”
Nick came in anyway and shut the door. “Seth, nothing’s going to change for you, do you hear me? This is your home. I’m still going to take care of you, and Josie is too. Did you think we’d just toss you out on the street like you meant nothing to us?”
Seth shrugged. “You have every right.”
“No, we don’t. Josie certainly doesn’t. Not according to the law.”
“Why is she still here?” Seth asked acidly. “Why didn’t you kick her out for lying to you all this time?”
“She has her own cross to bear now. I’m mad as hell at her for lying, don’t think I’m not. But I won’t punish her any more than she has been. She understands she’s made her choices and she has to deal with the consequences. She wants to make amends to you as well, and she is grateful you found Ralla. You did a good thing helping her.”
“Does she seem odd to you?” Seth asked.
“Ralla? A little. Why?”
“She talks like she’s well-educated, but she’s still bewildered by everything. I think Calder raised her on a commune.” 
“How could you tell?”
“She told me on the way here she didn’t have a TV and he doesn’t let her eat much because she won’t be able to disappear, whatever that even means. He sounds like a complete nutbag to me.”
“I’m leaving that to Ralla to explain. I can’t make any sense of it, and I don’t believe there’s anything mysterious about Calder. He just sounds like some snake or a kidnapper. But I honestly don’t believe Josie’s made this whole thing up, especially now Ralla’s here.” 
Seth hadn’t stopped to consider the possibility the entire bargain with Calder was a tall tale designed by Josie to make her look less guilty. Ridiculous as it had sounded, somehow it had still seemed plausible to Seth. But then he’d been too blind with rage to think that straight. 
“Josie promised she’s never done anything else wrong,” Nick said. “I can only deal with what’s in front of me, and you’re more important to me right now than Ralla.”
Seth believed this now he’d absolved Nick. Staying angry with him was pointless. 
“Why does everything have to be so hard?” Seth complained. “Why can’t I get a break? What did I do to deserve this?”
“Nothing. Don’t start thinking that way, Seth. Maybe this is all just some unfortunate coincidence.”
“You didn’t have to be my dad,” said Seth, still maudlin. “You could’ve taken off whenever you liked. You still could.”
Nick rested his back against the wall by the door, slipping his hands into his pockets and regarding the floor as he gave Seth his version of events. “When Josie came to town, it took me two seconds to figure out she was pregnant, and I knew she was in some kind of trouble. None of that put me off getting to know her. I wasn’t sure what drew me to her, I just felt protective of her, and when you were here, I felt the same.” 
“How can you not hate her for lying to you, Nick?”
“Because she’s stuck by me this whole time as well. She’s gotten me through the whole mess with my sister and my dad. She’s not as self-absorbed as you think. My family isn’t close at all, and I hadn’t planned on having a family of my own; it just felt right to take care of you and Josie. It still does. As far as I see it, you’re my family whether your mine or not. Blood’s got nothing to do with it; it’s about where you feel safe, and I want you to feel safe here. I don’t want you to leave, and I don’t want to leave. And I know this is going to sting you, but Josie’s not leaving, either.”
“Where were you that night when Ralla and I were switched?” Seth asked, thinking it might have made a difference.
“I had to go to the city. Denise needed my help getting our dad into a different facility; he wasn’t doing so great at the time. When I got back, Josie had already brought you home with her.” 
“And you just believed her when she said I was hers?”
“There was nothing in the way she acted that had me thinking you weren’t her kid, Seth. She was unhappy, she just kept insisting she was tired. She never called me that night. I thought I’d be back in time; she wasn’t due for another couple of weeks. Now I’m looking back on it, I wish I’d just told Denise that Josie needed me more. Because she did, didn’t she? I could’ve stopped him. I knew someone was threatening her. Maybe me just being there would’ve kept Calder from her… I don’t know.”
“Guess we’ll never know.”
“Wondering what might have happened isn’t going to get any of us very far now,” Nick concluded. “We just have to get through this.”
Seth shrugged and made another grunt. He wasn’t much in the mood for being told how to deal with this; he felt entitled to his misgivings.
“I’ll tell Josie to leave something for you in case you get hungry later,” Nick said as he was leaving. “You don’t have to come and eat with us if you don’t want to.”
“Thanks.”
Out on the road, Seth had gone through all the possible reactions his friends would have if he told them he’d been abandoned, and Josie wasn’t his mother. People still joked about abandoned babies and abortions like they were the most hilarious things to laugh at, not even thinking there might be a kid in earshot who’d been discarded, or whose parents had considered not having them at all. Maybe his real parents were deadbeats or drug addicts. He’d never find out now.
Seth still wanted to run more than he wanted to stay. His birthday meant even less now than it had the day before. His trust was in short supply; his patience, shorter still. Ralla might’ve needed more guidance out in the real world, but at least she knew who her mother was. At least she had one. She was lucky, more than she knew.
But when Seth tried to find some hate for Ralla, he couldn’t. He liked her. She didn’t seem cruel or arrogant. She’d asked him about growing up in Huntington, and if he went to school. She’d talked about how she’d always wanted to meet other people before rattling off more questions for him. Did he have lots of friends or did he have any pets or…? She’d actually been really sweet, and he’d liked talking with her. 
The oddest thing Ralla had mentioned was a place called the Other, where nothing was completely firm, and time and distance could be bent and stretched at will by the inhabitants there. It sounded like something out of a role-playing handbook he owned. He and his friends had given up trying to get another game going. It was too hard to get everyone in the same room, and Seth had lost any hope of ever playing with them online. This place Ralla talked about may not have been real, but she certainly had an imagination on her, judging from the way she’d described it. The lack of a TV probably had her making up all kinds of crazy and fanciful stuff. It didn’t bother Seth that much. She could be as weird as she liked, as long as she wasn’t conceited like Olivia.
Seth wanted to be stubborn and go to bed without dinner, but now he was calming down and getting hungry, the smells from the kitchen were wafting down to tease him from his room. He sucked up his pride for the sake of sustenance and went out to face Josie and Nick.
Ralla was talking and Seth paused out of sight to listen, not wanting to intrude.
“He’s been different these past few years,” Ralla explained. “He was kind for the most part when I was small. He did take care of me, but he was getting impatient about me learning to survive in the Other. He’s never taken me that far in. He said we couldn’t go any further until I’d mastered how to become air.”
“And he’s been starving you to do this?” Josie asked, horrified.
“He gives me less to eat now. He’s been waiting for me to grow so I’d be strong enough to learn his ways.”
“I still don’t really understand why he took you,” Nick said.
“Papalia said he wants to be part of the Concrete and the Other, and he’d always planned to take a human child to see if he could teach them to be like him. He tricked Papalia into helping him get here so he could do this; now she can’t go home. She said she can keep me safe from him, but I’m not sure where she is now. I hope I’ve not gotten her in trouble.”
“I can’t let him take you again,” Josie then said, Seth growing hot with jealousy at how protective she was of Ralla. “I won’t.”
“We’ll have to notify the police if Ralla is in danger, Josie,” Nick said sternly.
“The police can’t help us with this, Nick. Just trust me on this. Calder’s not your average kidnapper. He’s not your average anything.”
Seth wasn’t interested in helping Josie at that moment, yet now he was torn about Ralla. He wanted her here, and he wanted her to go away so his life could go back to normal. It had already been turned upside down with Josie’s bigger confession he wasn’t her son. Ralla couldn’t make this better, unless she knew a way of reversing Calder’s influence. Seth could find him and demand to know who his mother was. He could corner Calder and make him confess his crimes. 
Seth revealed himself without saying anything and Josie did another shocking thing: she came to him and held him tightly, her once absent affection now in abundance. 
Seth awkwardly hugged her back. Since this made no sense to him, all he could ask was, “What’s wrong?”
“Thank you for finding her. I am happy she’s here and I’m so happy you’ve stayed, Seth. You’re still my boy. Always.”
Her words failed to kill Seth’s resentment. She was sucking up to him. She’d get sick of pretending to care, like she always did, and go back to ignoring him while leaving Nick to deal with whatever problems he had. He was only pretending to believe her, polite in thanking her when she brought him some soup. 
Ralla was stuffing her face with buttered bread and washing it down with big gulps of milk. Seth watched her discreetly, and he wasn’t entirely grossed out by her. He was really trying not to laugh. Her childlike behaviour wasn’t any indication of immaturity; she wasn’t as self-conscious as him because she hadn’t been terrorised by the same kids growing up. He envied her upbringing — at least the part of it where she’d been left alone to read all day. 
It was her descriptions of Calder that proved her childhood had been worse than Seth’s. They all pointed to Ralla being psychologically abused, and she was waking up to this now, armed with this knowledge from the books he’d left her. Calder made the outside world seem like just enough of a threat to keep her at his side. Ralla wasn’t parading her victimhood; she spoke of her life with detachment, yet her words were getting to Josie, who was still teary and troubled by Ralla’s accounts.
Nick had to make space in the back room for Ralla. The hours had disappeared, and Seth vaguely remembered he was supposed to print out the rest of his essay. He’d have to do it at school now, so he’d be late for his first class. All the catastrophes of that day made his trivial problems more annoying. 
Josie went looking for some clean clothes for Ralla and promised to take her to the city to get more. Their money was going to be stretched thinner now they had a new family member. Seth hadn’t asked for a brother or sister since he knew it wasn’t going to happen. 
Ralla was a stranger despite all this. She could turn out to be a friend, or an enemy. Seth wasn’t totally sure she’d end up being a sister to him. Ralla was Josie’s daughter first of all. Whoever she was to Nick, he probably hadn’t figured that out. In Seth’s mind, Ralla was the adopted one. She was the intruder and the guest. 
All this commotion and turmoil kept Seth awake for hours and he couldn’t calm his mind. He hadn’t had a day to accept who he was to Josie, now he’d have to adjust to another person in the house as well. It wasn’t fair at all. Nothing was fair, and he’d been told that a hundred times over before. Those idiots hadn’t found out they were abandoned the same night the kid who was supposed to be in their place showed up out of nowhere. 
Seth got up around one that morning to get a glass of water. He was going to be wrecked for school the next day, his only solace being it was a Friday. Josie and Nick had gone to bed, and Seth had no idea how they could even sleep with a stranger in the house. 
That stranger was on the veranda now. Seth could see Ralla through the window out on the wicker sofa. He crept out, but not quietly enough, startling her from her thoughts.
“Sorry,” she muttered. “I couldn’t sleep.”
“Can’t imagine you could have. You’re in a strange bed in a house with people you only met tonight.”
“I’m upsetting you by being here,” she said.
“No… not really.”
“It’s alright, Seth. You can tell me.”
“I’ve had a lot to deal with at once.” 
“I know. Josie knows you’re still angry. I don’t wish to cause you any trouble. If I have to leave, I will.”
Seth faced her off, furious she was even talking like this. “You can’t just go now you’re here. I might be angry with Josie, but she’ll be devastated if you go and I don’t want that. If Calder comes back for you, she’ll be worse off still.”
“Nick isn’t happy having me here. My returning has caused more problems. Calder said people here had a tendency to get bitter about changes and disruptions. They want order all the time, and they get mad about any chaos, no matter how small.”
“Would you rather go back and have him starve you, just so you can turn to air?”
“No. But I don’t know where I belong. It’s not in the Other, but I doubt it’s here either.”
Seth’s sympathy came back seeing her so disheartened. “If it helps, I felt misplaced before I even knew I was abandoned. People think they’re more alone than they are. Nick isn’t going to make you go, and Josie will do anything to keep you here. You have nothing to worry about.”
“Except you.”
“Why would you be worried about me?” he asked, genuinely puzzled.
“Because I like you, and you helped me when I thought nobody else would. You’re not like how Calder describes everyone else. You’re not selfish and you’re not mean. I don’t want you to think badly of me, but I’m scared you will.”
“You don’t know me very well, Ralla. I can be mean when I want. Most people can if they’re pushed hard enough.”
“Calder taught me nothing about kindness or generosity. I don’t think he believes in those things. He’s kind if it gets him what he needs. I know him. I know how he operates within this world. I think wherever he’s from in the Other, that’s how they treat one another.”
Seth chanced sitting beside her, wondering if she’d shuffle away and glad when she didn’t. “How big is this place? The Other, I mean.”
“Vast. It doesn’t really have a discernible shape like any landmass here would. The mountains undulate like waves in the distance. It’s not really warm or cold. Smells and sounds are fainter. It’s like living in a pile of blankets. I used to love it when I was little. Now I hate it. I’m not like him, whatever he is, and I don’t think I can be.”
Seth wasn’t sure if asking her more questions would make her despondent. “Is there a sun and a moon there?”
“There are, but they don’t seem to have the same influence there. They’re further away, so the heat of the sun never quite touches the Other, and the moon doesn’t provide much light in the darkness.” She was looking up at the sky as she said, “I can’t even see those stars from outside my house. It’s in the middle of these woods and I don’t know where they are.” She glanced back at the side of the house. “They could be hundreds of miles away or right over that hill. I don’t know.”
“I’d give you my laptop to look up the area, except the signal out here is really bad and we don’t have a decent line to the house. I could look it up at school for you.”
Ralla’s hair was now brushed and he knew she’d had a bath that night. Josie’s old clothes were still baggy on her, though not as much as the tattered clothes she’d arrived in. Seth cast one furtive glance at her as she was tucking her hair behind her ear, dwelling a touch too long on her stony profile.
“Will I have to go to school?” she asked.
“If Josie wants to keep you here, you will. But don’t worry, I won’t leave you on your own there too much. It’s a big place with too many kids; you’ll need someone to show you around and tell you which spots to avoid.”
“Do you like it there?”
“Yeah, it’s the best,” he said sarcastically. “Every day’s better than the last.”
“You’re making a joke, aren’t you?” she said, giggling then hiding her smile behind her hand.
“Maybe a little.”
Ralla stifled a yawn and Seth suggested she go to bed with the thought he needed to do the same. He guided her through the dark hallway, so he could avoid turning on the main light and risk waking Josie up. 
“Thank you for talking with me,” she whispered. 
“It’s fine. You’re a good listener.”
She said goodnight and closed the door, and Seth found himself stuck when he should’ve moved away. Getting along with her would mean more to Josie and Nick; it would cause fewer problems if he were nice to Ralla. It wasn’t that hard to do when he had more in common with her than anyone else.
Remarkably, after his talk with Ralla, Seth managed to get to sleep.


5

Ralla’s new bed was soft. Her sheets were clean and dry, and her pillow wasn’t too fluffy. She’d had a bath in warm water with bubbles. She’d washed her hair with sweet smelling shampoo, and Josie had brushed it out with tenderness after she’d dried it with a towel. She had a full belly, and she knew she was safe.
None of this had worn Ralla out. She was still wide awake. Her journey along the train track had left her calves aching. She would’ve walked more in the Other had Calder not grown impatient with her incompetencies in folding, and rushed them home by way of his abilities. Josie had tended to the cuts on Ralla’s feet with a stinging antiseptic and some clean bandages. All the while, Ralla had answered her questions, desperate not to upset Josie with her responses.
“I haven’t come here to upset you, Josie.”
“I know it’s not your fault, Ralla,” Josie had said. “It’s Calder who’s upset me. It’s nothing to do with you.”
Ralla understood Josie was her real mother, but nothing could remove the fact they were still absolute strangers. As they’d been talking, Ralla had seen more emotions in Josie’s eyes than she’d outwardly expressed, and perhaps a moment of doubt had intruded. But Josie had already said more than once to Nick that Ralla was her daughter. She just knew. 
Ralla’s heart just wasn’t accepting this as she’d thought it would. Seth’s behaviour, and his fury at Josie’s responses, left a bitter taste in Ralla’s mouth. She had to make sure he wasn’t still upset with her, and she was glad they had talked later. 
Seth was quiet around Josie and Nick, his sullen disposition also making sense to Ralla. They were both trying to find reason in this sudden change in their lives. Hers might have been welcome to her before, but now it felt like a mistake to have trusted Papalia so easily. Papalia’s insistence that Ralla return had to have been out of revenge, not her will to see Ralla reunited with Josie. 
Ralla had become a slave to circumstance; to experimentation and subterfuge. She’d not had a life of her own, and she’d not had to make decisions for herself until now. She wasn’t sure how she’d fare in a place like the school Seth had described. Calder had said that those who lived in the Concrete hated strangers more than anything. If your skin was a different colour, or you spoke a different language, you were an outcast without consideration. 
“They believe in division,” he’d said with heavy rancour. “They believe in destruction. They build cities, but they also build weapons to destroy the cities of their enemies. They hate more than they love. You must understand you’re safer here with me. Your books have told you enough about them. Your place will be in the Other, where these ridiculous acts do not occur. You’ve no home in the Concrete, Ralla. I’ve brought you here for you to know what I know.”
It was plain to Ralla now Calder’s scorn of the Concrete was to dissuade her from wanting to see more. If, or God forbid when, he achieved his ultimate goal of existing freely within both realms, Ralla couldn’t see where she fit in his grand scheme now. 
But Ralla still wondered if Calder’s stance was the right one. Was every single person in the Concrete so fundamentally wrong she’d be better off in the Other, away from their misguided principles? They couldn’t have all been as corrupt as Calder claimed. Seth meant her no harm. He seemed more to be harming himself with his own sorrow and confusion. Ralla couldn’t be responsible for making this worse.
She was less sure about Nick. Though he’d not been mean to her, he had approached her with mistrust and a certain abruptness. He stood as tall as Calder, imposing in a way but not domineering like Calder. His shoulders were broad, and his greyish-blue eyes seemed kind and trustworthy, even if his thin lips weren’t always smiling at her. Ralla wanted to ask Josie if he was what a woman would find handsome; she had no comparison besides the descriptions in her books, and some of those hadn’t sounded entirely realistic. 
Nick had stepped in as Seth’s father not long after Josie had moved to town. Ralla wanted to hear all their stories rather than speak about her own; she hadn’t all that much to offer of her dull upbringing. Josie had so many questions, and they’d made Ralla scramble for answers, perhaps faster than she needed to. Nick had to calm Josie whenever she was getting carried away. Each time, he’d put a hand on her arm to remind her to give Ralla a chance to explain everything.
Calder’s teachings began with simple things like reading and writing, quickly progressing to the particulars of the Other and how she was to exist there. If she wanted to learn anything about the Concrete, she had to do it in her own time with the books Calder gave her. She was dying to visit a library where she knew she’d find far more than he’d given her. She couldn’t wait to get there. Calder had brought her tatty leather-bound encyclopaedias, some of them too old to be of much use to anyone now. He’d been selective initially, weeding out the details he felt she didn’t need. Later, he had brought her books on medicine and technology, sure she’d not be able to make sense of them and saying she’d have a hard time trying.
Ralla had studied intently to prove him wrong. Now she was deeper within the Concrete, she could finally put her hands on everything she’d only imagined. Inquisitive and impatient, she wanted to pull devices apart and look at the engines of the cars she’d seen passing. She had to see it all working to understand it fully. Turning invisible in the Other wasn’t any sort of feat. Learning to use any of these machines would’ve felt like a greater accomplishment to her.
Seth gladly opened up his computer to show her its insides. Ralla’s eyes followed every tracer to their resistors, her fascination entertaining to Seth. 
“This stuff bores the life out of most girls,” he said. 
“Why? I’ve seen nothing this intricate or perplexing in the Other. The most sophisticated device we have is an old generator that powers the lights in the house rather inefficiently.”
“Most people just want to use these things; they don’t really care how they work. They must have basic lives in the Other without any technology.”
“I’ve not met anyone else there,” she said, still examining the computer’s components. “Besides Papalia, of course. They could have cities beyond the mountains, but I’m not concerned with whoever they are. I’ve lost my curiosity towards them.”
Without knowing where Calder was, Ralla couldn’t be sure how long she’d have with Josie to find out all she needed to know, so her impatience only grew. 
She slept late the next morning, and Seth had already disappeared to school, Josie not willing to let Ralla go this soon.
“I’ve got to get you books and clothes first. I can enrol you on Monday. That’ll give me more time.”
“Seth promised to look after me,” Ralla said eagerly. “I’ll be alright there.”
“It’ll be more daunting than you think, Ralla.”
Nick had left hours ago to his job as a mechanic in town; he had to be there by five most mornings. Josie was now making breakfast for Ralla, asking her if she’d like orange juice and offering jam for her toast.
“I’d make you pancakes, but I’m out of eggs.”
“This is fine.”
“Everything’s fine,” Josie said with a chuckle. “I can tell you don’t want to complain about anything. But, it’s alright, you can if you need to.”
“I’ve nothing to complain about. You’ve all been kinder than Calder said you would be.”
Josie’s sudden seriousness troubled Ralla. “I didn’t want to ask you too much about him with everyone else here. I’m still sure they don’t believe everything I’ve said about him.”
“I’ve told you everything I know about him, and the Other. Seth seemed to believe me when I spoke of it.”
“He’s more imaginative than I am,” Josie said. “He used to draw lots of weird animals for me, and he made some sculptures as well. And those games he played with his friends were very detailed. I’d say he doesn’t get it from me, but it’s pointless because he truly doesn’t.”
“Are you sad he’s still angry with you?” Ralla asked, her fingers now sticky from the raspberry jam.
“He’s allowed to be as angry as he likes. I’ve lied to him, and to Nick. I’ve had these secrets for so long, and I was caught out. I thought I’d feel better now I don’t have to hide everything, but I feel dreadful. And I feel worse I’m so happy you’re here now. I’ve got a lot of work to do to make this up to everyone.”
“What can I do to help?”
Josie sounded touched by the offer, though it gave her no comfort that Ralla could see. “There’s not a lot you can do. I don’t expect you to see me as your mother right now. I don’t expect Seth to forgive me for lying to him. I was sure Nick would walk out once he knew. I honestly believed you’d never come back — I could hope for it, but I never believed it would happen. I’ve had nightmares about what Calder was doing with you. He didn’t tell me why he needed you, so I could only think the worst.” 
Ralla let Josie go on rather than ask more about the night Calder took her. She could live without the details.
“I thought you might have died as a baby. I had a complicated delivery. You weren’t ready to be born and I was sure you wouldn’t survive when you left the hospital that night. I didn’t even get to hold you before he took you; he already had you in his arms when I woke up. That was when he gave me Seth.”
“Calder refused to tell me any of this. He spoke ill of you, that you’d done dreadful things and were mean and ungrateful.”
“That’s how he saw me. Did you know he’d been following me without my knowing?”
Ralla shook her head, astonished as she was appalled. Josie recounted her meeting with Calder and how he’d gotten her out of some scrapes in her youth. For his immeasurable grace and generosity, he’d decided she owed him her firstborn child. 
“He wouldn’t make any other bargain when I offered. I was going to give him my grandmother’s ring, all the money I had — whatever it took. Your father had more money than me, but I didn’t have access to it. I was desperate and close to offering Calder things I didn’t even have. He wanted you, and because I tried to trick him and go back on my word, he took you and left me with Seth to raise.” Josie brought her fingertips to her eyes to dry her new tears. “It wasn’t fair Calder poisoned Seth’s mother’s memory of him for good. She’s out there now, believing she’s never even had a son, and he’s stuck here knowing she’ll never know.”
“That’s so awful,” Ralla said with remorse.
“I’m amazed he’s held it together so well,” Josie went on. “I’m still shaking inside to have you here, and from all I’ve had to confess. I feel so strange today, like I woke up in a new place with new people I have to approach differently. I don’t just mean you, of course. I’ve nearly ruined things between me and Nick, and Seth won’t look at me the same again. He barely trusted me before he knew the truth.”
“I’m sure you didn’t mean him any harm.”
“I didn’t think he’d ever find out. But that was a stupid thing to believe. I really hope he doesn’t run away again. If anything happens to him, I’ll never forgive myself.”
Ralla hadn’t known what to expect from meeting Josie at last. She’d pictured it going much worse than this, when she believed Calder’s claims Josie was a vicious woman with no sympathy or regard for others. Josie was anything but cruel; she was tormented by her choices and Ralla was of no real consolation to her. It still felt so wrong to invade like this. 
Josie must’ve seen her words were hurting Ralla. “Please don’t think any of this is your fault, Ralla. This is all my doing. I have to deal with it, come what may.”
Josie’s phone started buzzing on the table and she picked it up to answer. “Hey, Lacey… Yeah, that’s fine. I have to bring someone along with me though… You’ll meet them when you get here… Okay, see you soon.”
There was an old rotary phone in Ralla’s house, the cord disconnected and frayed beyond repair. She’d played with it when she was a child, Calder growing irate with the incessant purr of the dial flicking back with each turn. When Calder explained what the contraption was for, she’d acted out conversations like she was talking to an imaginary friend in another town.
Josie had hung up her little phone. “Lacey’s on her way; she usually gives me a ride to work.” 
“You’re leaving me here?”
“Of course not, I want you to come with me. I’d feel better if you were at the tavern and not all alone here.”
Ralla preferred this too; she wasn’t ready to be on her own in this new place. She found a book to read to keep her amused while Josie worked. 
“I won’t be able to tell Lacey who you are,” Josie explained. “Not yet, anyway. I plan to eventually as she’s my best friend, and I don’t want to hide anything from her.”
“What am I supposed to say if she asks?”
“You’re the daughter of an old friend of mine and I’m looking after you for a few months. Nick didn’t want this getting around; it wouldn’t be fair on Seth. Most people stay out of your business around here, but small towns still love gossip if it’s wild enough to keep them entertained.” Josie went over all this as she was locking up the house. 
Ralla was too distracted by another truck arriving, driven by a young woman with jet black hair.
“Who’s your new friend?” the woman hollered as the engine ticked over.
“Lacey, this is Ralla.”
Lacey smiled at Ralla, but she couldn’t smile back with the same ease. Her head dropped as she crossed her arms and mumbled hello. 
“Shy little thing,” Lacey commented. “You new in town, Ralla?”
“I’m visiting,” she said timidly. 
“Her mum is an old friend of mine,” Josie said confidently. “She went to Europe for a couple of months for this research trip, and she thought Ralla would be bored, so I said I’d look after her.”
“Thought you’d left all your old friends behind.”
Lacey’s tone was telling and Ralla waited for Josie to scramble for more excuses. Her cover was delivered effortlessly; a typical trait of a consummate liar. “I’ve been getting back in touch with people in the last year, and Amy and I reconnected.”
Ralla sat between Lacey and Josie in the cab of the truck, passively listening to the two women talk and trying not to stare too much at the little glinting stone in Lacey’s nose. Lacey’s clothes were mostly black, and she wore heavy boots with long, frayed laces. She had more make-up on than Josie, her eyes lined with a dark blue powder and her lips covered in red. There’d been a mottled mirror in the bathroom of Calder’s house that hadn’t offered Ralla’s reflection much detail. By the mirror in Josie’s bedroom, she had been able to see her sallow eyes and pasty complexion. 
“Got a boyfriend, Ralla?” Lacey asked.
“No,” she said, her face flushing with embarrassment. She understood this word and its connotations.
“I hope Seth’s not bugging you too much. Not that he’s that kind of boy. He’s very sweet.”
“Lacey, is there something you’re not telling me?” Josie asked teasingly.
Ralla wasn’t able to laugh along with the joke. 
“Sorry, Ralla,” Lacey said, nudging her. “We’re just goofing around. We haven’t really grown up.”
Ralla wondered how Josie could be so blithe and airy now with the weight of her lies. She was adept at hiding her true emotions, while Ralla hadn’t worked out how to smile to cover her sadness. The tricks people used to mask their feelings were part of their duplicity, so Calder had often said.
Staring out at the fields on the way to town, Ralla realised she didn’t hold any great fascination for the world outside. She wondered if that in her whirlwind escape, she’d lost the ability to be amazed. She was still intrigued only a disappointment had surfaced that the Concrete wasn’t as astounding as she’d believed. 
The tavern where Josie worked felt crowded and was full of unpleasant smells. The limited number of windows suggested daylight wasn’t welcome here. Lacey told Ralla she could sit at the end of the bar. She was apologising for the loud music that was blasting out of boxes around the room. Ralla had longed to hear music, but this cacophony was irritating to her ears, the pounding and reverberation upsetting her nerves. A television was hanging from another corner of the room, silent but showing what she barely understood to be a sports game. She knew it was all designed to distract. 
She couldn’t appear ignorant; she was supposed to know the names and meanings of everything around her. Seth would answer her questions without judgement, but she already sensed others wouldn’t be so patient. 
Calder was responsible for Ralla’s ill-educated mind. His excuses for not showing her even a modicum of the Concrete had her hating him all the more. 
“Want a drink, hon?” Lacey asked Ralla.
“Aren’t all those drinks bad for me?”
“Sweetie, they’re bad for everybody. Doesn’t stop them drinking it. But we have plenty of lemonade and orange juice.” 
Lacey’s curiosity wasn’t entirely welcome, and Ralla wasn’t equipped to deal with it well. “Hope you don’t mind me saying you look a little out of place here, Ralla.”
“She had a sheltered upbringing,” Josie interjected. She’d been talking with the other patrons, struggling to keep a firm eye on Ralla at the same time. 
“I’ll get you a lemonade,” Lacey said. 
Josie spoke conspiratorially to Ralla once Lacey was clear of earshot. “I know it’s wrong of me to tell all these lies, Ralla. I know you’re uncomfortable.”
“I don’t like it here.” If Josie had wanted any complaints, this would be Ralla’s first, and her most firm.
“It’s okay. Nick will be here soon, I’ll ask him to take you home. I wish I could leave you on your own, but I don’t trust Calder not to show up and cause trouble.”
The afternoon dragged on as more men arrived to hide from the sun, drink beer, and generally complain about their day. Two of them didn’t look all that friendly, and Ralla accidentally caught their attention by staring at them too long.
“Isn’t she a bit young to be in here?” one of them called out to Lacey as they nodded at Ralla.
“She’s not drinking and she’s under adult supervision,” Lacey replied. “Don’t even think about bugging her, Craig.”
Just as Ralla was tensing from this man coming closer, his hands up in a show of innocence with the promise he’d be nice, Nick walked in.
“I better not see you anywhere near her,” Nick warned.
Craig was indignant now. “What are you, Nick? Her dad?”
Josie was rushing to Nick’s side and Ralla grabbed her book, anxious now to leave. This was made worse for hearing Josie and Nick arguing in hushed tones by the entrance.
“I couldn’t leave her alone, Nick. She’s not ready to go to school with Seth yet.”
“She’ll have to eventually. You couldn’t have taken the day off?”
“Like I can afford to do that. Please just get her out of here. You know this place is going to be rowdy as hell in the next ten minutes and I won’t be able to check on her.”
Nick motioned to Ralla. “Come on. Let’s get you home.”
Ralla was all but scurrying behind him to get to the safety of his truck. Pensive now, she kept her book in her lap and her gaze fixed on the window while Nick drove them through town.
“Thank you for taking me back,” she said to Nick. “I didn’t like it much in there.”
“I could tell it wasn’t your scene. Means I don’t have to worry about you coming home drunk.”
“Why would I do that?”
“Towns like this are boring and there’s nothing for kids your age to do. It’s a recipe for disaster. Seth learnt his lesson when he was sick as a dog the next day. I wasn’t all that mad about it, but Josie was upset. I think now she was more disappointed in herself for letting it happen. I should feel lucky you’re not an average teenager.”
“I’m not sure how to act,” Ralla said. “I know people will find me strange; I expected them to. I find them just as bizarre, if not more so. You’ve all had time to learn how to talk to one another and figure out the right things to say.”
Nick was amused and Ralla couldn’t see what was so funny about what she’d said. “Doesn’t mean people don’t feel awkward, Ralla. No one’s ahead or behind you in that department. You think Seth knows how to get through a conversation without worrying about what he’s said and how he’s acted? I know I don’t. It’s not that easy.”
“Perhaps if you all didn’t make it look so easy,” she grumbled.
“You’ll get the hang of it.”
“Does this mean you want me to stay?” she asked.
“If it’s what you want. I don’t know where else you could go anyway. I also don’t want Calder coming anywhere near you. I’ll be better prepared if it happens again.”
Ralla couldn’t fathom what Nick meant by this. She was sickeningly terrified Calder would simply appear right behind her and snatch her up. It would be nothing for him to make her disappear in a puff of smoke.








Josie had been dodging Lacey’s questions about Ralla all afternoon, and they only became more intense once Nick had taken Ralla home.
“But if you’ve not seen her since she was a baby, why would you take her in?”
“I told you, I’m doing a favour for a friend.”
“If you’d not said anything, I’d have assumed you were sisters. But I already know you don’t have a sister.”
“What do you want from me?” Josie snapped. 
“The truth. Because I know you’re lying. You’re not that good at it, Josie.”
There were a couple of irritated women at the bar trying to get Josie’s attention. “Later, okay? It’s too complicated to explain now.”
Ralla’s presence jarred Josie persistently. Pinching herself a thousand times wouldn’t convince her this wasn’t a dream. She believed Ralla was her daughter; the chance of her being an imposter was unlikely. Calder wouldn’t send a doppelgänger to Josie to taunt her; he’d made it clear their business was done. Before she knew any better, Josie thought maybe he’d gotten bored with Ralla when she hadn’t fulfilled his expectations, her failure to conform to his ways leading him to cast her out. The idea of him being ashamed of Ralla had Josie fuming with indignation. 
How dare he take her only to grow weary of her!
Josie was going to put everything into being a good mother to Ralla and Seth. She was going to be appreciative, and she was going to smile more and tell them she loved them the way she hadn’t since she’d brought Seth home. She’d show Calder she’d more than learnt her lesson. Threat or none, she wasn’t going to squander this gift she’d been given.
Nick had fussed over Josie and her new baby boy. He’d asked dozens of times why she hadn’t called him that night, and had taken her sadness and moods. He’d weathered her outbursts, and Josie had had nothing but love for him to see him so attentive toward Seth whenever she was depleted and depressed. She’d shown Nick affection in abundance whenever she could. Inside her mind, she’d fought with her regret every day, from the moment she awoke to the second she shut her eyes and fell into dreams of Calder disappearing with her daughter — again, and again.
Lacey held off her interrogation for the drive home. “I couldn’t look at Ralla and not compare her to you. I know she’s not your niece. Then I thought, maybe, long lost cousin — it happens. But then I started thinking, maybe she’s a little closer to you than that.”
Josie’s feet were aching. All she wanted was a hot bath and to go to bed. Now she had to repeat her whole messy, sorry story.
“Whichever way I tell you, you’re going to have a million other questions.”
“Just tell me, Josie. It can’t be that bad.”
Josie nearly laughed. “Oh, it’s pretty damn bad. You remember Brent?”
“The ex-boyfriend? Yeah.”
Josie launched into it, cutting from one pivotal moment to the next. She detailed Brent’s death and Calder’s visit; how it all culminated in him taking Ralla. She hadn’t wanted to go over this any more than was necessary. This had to be the last time for a while. She supposed one day, everyone else would get some watered-down version that didn’t involve extortion and misery.
“So, when I took you to the hospital, you were carrying a girl, and when I picked you up, you had a boy because this psycho… What was his name?”
“Calder.”
“This Calder guy decided to dump Seth on you as punishment for trying to go back on your deal?”
“Yeah.”
“He said you owed him for a bunch of favours, right? Was he some kind of crooked politician who could pull strings with the cops?”
“That part’s too hard to explain. He just backed me into a corner, and I was too scared to say no.”
“Josie, he could’ve sold your daughter into slavery!”
“You think I didn’t consider that? I’ve gone over all the horrid things he’s already done; he’s been starving her and abusing her. I feel like a subhuman piece of garbage who has no right to live. Seth hates me, Nick doesn’t know how to treat me anymore, and I can’t even bring myself to hold Ralla without thinking she sees me as some kind of freakish monster who betrayed her just to get out of prison.”
Lacey ceased her attack on Josie. “I’m sorry. I can’t imagine what this has done to you.”
“I should’ve chanced it. I should’ve just gone to prison and hoped I’d get her back on the other side. I’m a goddamn coward, Lacey.”
“You’re not. That guy blackmailed you. He had it out for you. I probably would’ve caved too, so I shouldn’t judge you.”
Josie had just stopped herself from bursting into tears. “You can’t tell anyone.”
“I won’t. If people ask about Ralla, I’ll tell them what you told me in the beginning. It’s none of their business anyway.” 
Lacey let go her breath and shook her head, still sounding bewildered but lacking her former consternation. “I knew something was eating at you after you brought Seth home. You said it was all fine, but your eyes said otherwise. I won’t get mad at you for not telling me, I’d have hidden it too. That one time I did screw up, before I went to Dr West, I went through all the different scenarios. I tried to imagine being a mother, but I had too much doubt in my heart to go through with it.”
“I understand, Lacey. I still had doubts even when I’d made my mind up. Brent throwing punches should’ve put me off, but it made me more determined to do it. I don’t see Seth as anybody but my own son. I know he doesn’t believe me. If I can keep him and Ralla with me, I’ll have beaten Calder. I’ll have won.”
“What if Seth’s mother comes back?”
“She won’t. Calder made sure of that.”
“But if she did…”
“Lacey, just trust me on this. She won’t.”
Lacey had to stop at the gate for Josie to open it. This distance from the town and the rest of the world had done wonders for Josie’s angst. In her calmest moments, she’d loved the silence out here. The crickets chirping in concert at night had only bugged her the first week. Moving in with Nick and taking care of Seth that first year had been a bumpy ride, but she missed that time now. She’d gotten maudlin imaging Ralla as a little girl playing with Seth. Now she wanted to turn back time and watch them both grow up happy. 
Josie invited Lacey in, but she had to take off. “Gotta get back to dad.”
“I’ll have to visit him soon.”
“Oh, make sure you give me plenty of notice. He’s been a real handful this past month; the bad days are starting to outweigh the good. Still, I’d rather stay with him than put him in a home where he’ll just terrorise the nurses with his demands.”
The taillights on Lacey’s truck blinked in the distance as Josie stayed out in the cold to get her head together. Recounting her sorry tale to her best friend hadn’t been the salve she needed. Confessions were meant to alleviate the pain of the lie itself, so why was she still hurting this much? Her guilt wasn’t going to let her off the hook that quickly. 
Nick called out from the veranda and told her to come in; the mosquitos were bad that night and she’d be eaten alive. Josie noticed right away Seth and Ralla weren’t around.
“They’re hanging out,” Nick said when Josie asked. “Seth mentioned he’d been looking up stuff on where Ralla said she was from.”
“Did he find anything?”
“Not really. How far can you get typing ‘The Other’ into a search engine? Plus, she said the house in the woods where she lived could be anywhere.”
“Seth will get as far as I did looking for dirt on Calder.”
“You want some tea?”
“Yes, thank you. And thanks for bringing Ralla home.”
“I took pity on her. Couldn’t have that lout Craig sniffing around her.” 
Nick handed her a mug of tea, made just how she liked it. When someone remembered little things like this, it meant more to Josie than grand gestures. 
“It was noble of you to look after her,” Josie said, fawning a little in her gratitude. “I can’t imagine how you’re feeling right now.”
“Work’s kept my mind off some of it. Thankfully, Seth wasn’t in a bad mood when he got in, and Ralla chilled out pretty quickly once she saw him. It’s good they’re getting along. For now.”
“Think they’ll come to blows?”
“Hard to say. I thought Seth would feel intruded upon if Ralla stayed, but he seems to like her. In what way, I can’t tell. I’m not worried about it as long as he’s not upset. I just don’t want anything to happen to Ralla, and I need to know Seth’s okay. Hopefully, once all this calms down, I won’t be so concerned.”
“You’re as scared about Calder coming as I am, Nick.” 
She put down her cup and went to hold him, accepting his embrace lacked her intensity and sensing a vulnerability in him she’d not felt before. “If you weren’t here, I’d feel so much worse. I know we’re not right yet; I’m just glad you haven’t given up on me.”
“I don’t know how to hate you for any of this, Josie. I can’t deal with holding grudges now. It’s too exhausting for me.”
She knew what he really meant by this. Nick’s father had passed away a year ago. Not a day after the funeral, Nick and his sister had gotten into a row over the family property and how much they’d be willing to accept for it. He’d conceded to a proposal she’d received from the council to buy the land; they just had to sign the paperwork. The money would pay for a deposit on a new house somewhere closer to Upton, and cover Seth’s university fees. But there had been some legal issues holding up the final contract, and Nick and Josie were still getting by on their meagre incomes. 
Josie had welcomed Nick’s conflict for the pure fact it took her out of her own head. Normally not one to get in a fight, Josie had been happy to raise her voice, defending him against Denise’s ranting over how she knew better. Nick had been the one to shut it all down by agreeing to sign wherever he had to just so Denise would leave him alone.
Josie went to check on Seth and Ralla. They were sitting on the floor of his room, the door left ajar. Ralla was poring over a rulebook of one of Seth’s games, intently examining the pages in silence. Her tenacity when it came to reading wasn’t a trait Josie could boast to have passed on. She admired they’d both become so different from her.
“She said she wants to learn to play,” Seth explained to Josie.
“Always looked too complicated to me,” Josie replied pleasantly. “You guys doing okay in here?”
“We’re fine,” Seth answered, Ralla too engrossed to make her own response.
Josie wanted to linger and take in this image she’d longed to see since Ralla was stolen, but she knew she’d make them uncomfortable. Contented now, she let them be. 
Josie may have thought Seth was okay now. He wasn’t letting on he was still furious with her. His reason for not bringing it up was Ralla; she was taking too much blame for his animosity toward Josie, and he was sensible enough to see she’d really done nothing wrong.
The other reason Seth wasn’t flying off the handle was Nick. He had to accept Nick had picked the path of least resistance and was getting on with everything in his usual way. 
Seth didn’t think he was behaving any better or worse around Josie. Underneath it all, he was oscillating between a deep sadness and a profound fury for being abandoned by his own mother. No one could fill in all the blanks of her existence. Josie hadn’t met her, Calder just wiped her memory, and therefore Seth didn’t have an origin story. Without any of the pieces, he couldn’t find his dad, or discover if he had any brothers or sisters. He’d go without knowing his grandparents, and he’d never learn if he had a cool aunt or uncle who would’ve let him get away with more than his parents allowed. He didn’t have a real, normal family. All he had were three strangers, and only two of them were related. 
Seth couldn’t get caught in any tedious arguments with self-righteous people who all had different definitions of ‘family’, when the word itself got stuck in his throat. His friends might’ve complained about how unreasonable their parents were, but now he’d sit there thinking, Well, at least you have parents and not a liar who’s called herself ‘your mum’ your whole life. He couldn’t say it aloud or call them out on their ungratefulness. Not without confessing, and he was never going to do that. Ever.
Ralla kept his secret. She understood the lies had to carry on for now; she wouldn’t see him humiliated in any way. Seth could tell her anything without her laughing at him or saying things to make him feel guilty about his vexation. She should’ve been his arch rival; they should’ve been at loggerheads over Josie’s preferences — who was the favourite now? Ralla’s patience and attentiveness quashed his misgivings, and he was quietly appreciative he had someone to confide in who was willing to just hear him out.
Josie took Ralla to the city to buy her clothes that weekend. Seth expected them to come home with expensive dresses and nice shoes. Ralla came in with shorter hair and only one bag of secondhand clothes. She had notebooks and a backpack, Josie cheerily mentioning Ralla had wanted to spend all day at the bookstore. 
“I’m going to school with you tomorrow,” Ralla informed Seth. “If that’s okay.”
“Didn’t think it was up to me.” 
“I didn’t think I’d be so overwhelmed by all the people in town,” she said quietly, like she was worried Josie would hear and be upset. 
“You’ll learn to tune them out eventually.”
“I better go put all this stuff away.”
It was bugging Seth to see Ralla this unhappy and uncertain about everything. Going back, she’d be tormented; staying here, she’d suffer all the same problems that plagued him. Her new bedroom was still full of junk too. She put up with it, given her old bedroom was ugly and cold. Seth could see he had much less cause for complaint than she did, and yet complaining was the one thing she wouldn’t do. 
Josie fussed inordinately over Ralla before she let her leave to catch the bus with Seth the next morning. She also gave Seth strict instructions to keep an eye on Ralla, and had tried to make sure she was in most of his classes. Meanwhile, Seth was resenting having to babysit her. 
“It’s just until I know Calder isn’t a threat to her, Seth,” Josie said. “I can’t start wishing for him to show himself; he’s too unpredictable.”
“Why don’t you just keep her with you all day, if you’re that worried?” He switched out ‘paranoid’ for ‘worried’ at the last second.
“She hates being in the tavern and Nick will be too busy to keep watch. I’m hoping Calder won’t make a play for her if there are too many people around.”
“I’m not taking her to the girls’ room.”
“I’m not asking you to. I got her a cheap phone, so she can text you if she loses you, okay? I’m sorry, Seth. I know this is asking a lot.”
“It’s not like I want something bad to happen to her. I just can’t promise I won’t lose her at school at some point.”
“Just do what you can. She knows she can call me if she can’t get a hold of you.”
Ralla might as well have been his helpless little sister. Seth couldn’t be her protector, and he knew Josie would blame him if she got in trouble, even if that trouble wasn’t coming from Calder.
Nick dropped them both at the gate so they could walk around the hill to the bus stop. Ralla was quiet, and Seth wasn’t sure how to make her feel better about having to face another bunch of strangers who might not have any interest in being nice to her. 
“You don’t have to try and impress anyone,” he told her. “Just be yourself.”
“They’ll still think I’m strange.”
“You won’t be the only weird one there. There’s a whole group of kids who don’t talk to anyone else and just play with their phones during lunch.”
“I still have so much catching up to do. I haven’t made sense of everything.”
“You already know plenty. Probably more than me.”
The bus was pulling up and Ralla was tensing, stepping behind Seth and acting like a scared little kid on their first day. 
Seth remembered the kids who’d been crying to their parents on his first day of school. He’d been tough about it, refusing to let Josie kiss his cheek. 
Ralla stayed behind Seth as they got on the bus. Most of the kids heading to Upton High from around Huntington were picked up before Seth, and they always dominated the back of the bus. Seth directed Ralla to sit by the window near the front and he stayed beside her, quickly noticing Olivia was sitting with Wesley. She was eyeing Seth off with a scowl, like Ralla was her replacement and she wasn’t thrilled about it.
“Who’s she?” Lance Richards was sitting behind Seth, now butting in between him and Ralla and making her shrink against the window as the bus started off down the road.
Annoyed Lance was upsetting Ralla, Seth told him to tone it down. “This is Ralla. She’s Nick’s cousin. She’s staying with us for a while.”
“Hey, Ralla.” Lance wasn’t saying this to her face. Seth could tell where his focus really was and he almost hit Lance across the head. 
“Hello,” Ralla said, guardedly. For all her lack of life experiences, she clearly had her wits about creeps like Lance.
“So, does this mean you and Seth aren’t actually related?” Lance was leaning in closer and Seth whacked his arm anyway.
“Leave her alone, would you?”
“What? I’m being nice.”
Ralla made sure Lance had sat back in his seat before she whispered to Seth, “His breath stinks.”
Seth covered his smirk and Ralla kept her own giggling as quiet as she could.
Ralla needed to pick up her timetable at the front office. While Seth was outside waiting for her, Olivia walked up to him. Seth prickled to see her.
“Who’s she?” she asked, nodding at Ralla.
“She’s Nick’s cousin. She’s staying with us for a while.” This would be the second of about ten times he’d have to say this. Josie’s other lie — that Ralla was the daughter of a friend — fell flat on Lacey, so this was the new narrative they’d all agreed on.
Olivia flicked her silky brown hair off her slender shoulder, notably inspecting Ralla with a glint of what Seth thought might be envy. “She’s pretty.”
“Why don’t you ask her out?” Seth quipped, hostile again and wanting Olivia to go away.
It worked. Olivia called him a jerk and stormed off, Ralla then returning to ask Seth who was bothering him.
“Olivia. She was my girlfriend until last week.”
“She looks mean.”
“That’s one way to put it.”
Ralla was daunted having to meet her teachers, and she was polite but still excruciatingly shy with each greeting. Mostly they were nice to her in their understanding about her showing up in the middle of the semester, but not enough to give her a break. Seth cringed seeing them pile a heap of homework on her so she could catch up. Ralla took it all with a gracious smile, like they’d given her a present, when he’d have contemplated throwing most of it away.
Nobody was mean to Ralla — just rude about asking who she was and where she was from. Seth was still avoiding his friends, and he was happy to eat lunch with Ralla on the lawn near the edge of the school. 
Near where they sat, there was one tree they couldn’t go past without being out of bounds. They were fenced in by rules and nothing else, the school taking up far too much land to pay for that amount of fencing. Several paddocks stretched beyond the edge of the football oval that were often left swamped after a couple of heavy rains. The contingent of kids who often disappeared to the nearby bushland to smoke had been written off by the faculty. However, Seth was too much of a coward to attempt truancy. 
“I like it here, but I don’t,” Ralla said as she was picking at the bread of her sandwich. “Maths is hard. Calder didn’t leave me any books about algebra.”
“I have to be good at it if I want to do computing. I can do some of your homework for you.”
“But that’s cheating, isn’t it?”
“You have a bucket load of other stuff to do. It was so unfair Mrs Jacobs lumped you with that essay for English; you’ll never catch up if I don’t do some of it.”
“Thanks. I don’t want to get in trouble.” Ralla checked behind herself again. She’d been doing it all day. 
“You okay?”
“I keep thinking he’s right behind me. I hope Papalia’s alright.”
Seth knew she meant Calder; she hated mentioning him by name. He may as well have been some kind of spook out of a horror movie who could be summoned by chanting his name one too many times. 
“You described him to me fairly well,” Seth said. “He sounds way too unusual for him to go unnoticed.”
“He makes people deaf and blind to him. He can do it to me, too. I was only recently getting a grasp on his powers, but I’m sure I’m too far from the Other to turn invisible. I’m not even sure if he’d still see me or not.”
This was where Seth maintained his doubt. He wouldn’t dare call her a liar, but if she was claiming to have powers she couldn’t demonstrate now, he couldn’t completely trust she wasn’t making things up.
“Have you tried?” he asked.
“I tried to do folding when I arrived here. It didn’t work, so I haven’t tried anything else again.”
Seth checked they were alone. “Nobody’s around. Could you try disappearing now?”
Ralla humoured him, either to satisfy his curiosity or shut him up. She lifted her hand and by her expression, Seth assumed she was intently examining her fingerprints in detail. He was afraid he’d blink and miss it. 
Very gradually, the skin of her fingers became transparent, momentarily exposing the red, pulsing muscle and sinewy veins before her bones were visible. Soon it was all gone, the rest of her hand and wrist vanishing ever so slowly.
Her breathing wasn’t laboured; she was calm. Watching this, Seth thought he was about to have a panic attack. Her entire forearm was now missing, and her elbow looked like it was about to disappear along with it.
Someone yelling behind them broke the spell and Ralla flicked her arm back into plain view. Stupefied, Seth impulsively grabbed her wrist just to prove to himself it was there. She flinched from his grasp and he immediately let go.
“That’s all I could do before I left, besides folding the ground. It’s not much.”
She spoke like she’d performed a hackneyed card trick any novice could pull off. Seth’s disbelief kept him from replying.
“It’s not as if I can turn my body to smoke like he can,” she insisted. “I don’t think I’m meant to.”
“I don’t think I want you to,” Seth managed to say. “That was freaky enough as it is. I could see your bones.”
“You focus on each layer of skin first, because it’s thick; then the muscle. Then the bone.”
“Does it hurt?”
She rubbed her temples and squeezed her eyes shut. “Not really. It just makes me tired.”
“I’m sorry. I didn’t think you could even do it.”
The siren rang out to call the students back to class. Ralla was shaky when she went to stand, and Seth reached out to keep her steady.
“I won’t ask you to do it again, Ralla,” he said guiltily. 
“Thank you. Calder wouldn’t let me rest afterwards. I always had to keep trying, and the days in the Other can seem a lot longer than they are here. Especially when you’re stuck in one place.”
Seth had a desire to see this world; he wanted proof of its existence. Ralla’s demonstration should’ve enticed him to learn much more, but now he was throwing his curiosity away in his determination to keep her safe.
Back at home, Josie was asking Ralla about her day. Seth stood by waiting to see if she’d mention the incident at lunch. In terms of superpowers, invisibility was probably one of the most popular ones. Ralla didn’t exactly make it look like a barrel of laughs.
“Are you okay, Ralla?” Josie asked. “You look really tired.”
“I’m fine. I have homework to do.”
Josie stopped Seth from going after Ralla. “I shouldn’t have pushed her. She still looks frail.”
I shouldn’t have either, Seth thought, morbidly.
Out of remorse for her tiredness, he took all of Ralla’s maths homework and promised he’d get it done for her. She gave him a weary smile and thanked him again.
“Will you be okay?” he asked.
She was missing some of her innocence, shrugging as she said, “I guess so.”
Ashamed now, Seth skirted around Nick’s questions about his day, breaking when he knew he couldn’t stay quiet about Ralla’s disappearing act. Josie was in the kitchen and Nick was lazing on the wicker sofa as he did most nights after work. 
“You saw her disappear?”
“Just her hand, and half her arm.”
Nick’s incredulity didn’t last long. “So, Josie was right about Calder.”
“She wasn’t making it up; you know she’s not that imaginative. But I wasn’t totally prepared to believe Ralla until I asked her to show me. Now she’s not feeling well, and I feel like it’s my fault. It makes her sick.”
“It does?”
“She’s not born to do it, not like Calder. I don’t think he’s human at all. How can you fight someone who can appear out of nowhere?”
Nick rubbed his brow, looking pained. “We shouldn’t be risking her safety like this. I don’t want to imprison her all over again, but…”
Josie stepped out to ask what they were talking about, and Seth’s conscience forced him to confess what had happened. Begrudging as he was, he made sure he still looked her in the eye when he told her.
“I’ll stay home with her tomorrow,” Josie decided. “I hate that he’s making me do this, but I shouldn’t leave her out in the open. I don’t think she’ll be happy about being stuck here all day.”
“You know how to use the rifle,” Nick said rationally. “So does Seth.”
Seth’s first thought was that a gun would be completely useless against a creature that could turn to air at will, and he said as much to Nick.
“It might be enough to scare him,” Nick countered. “Sometimes you just have to fire a shot. He sounds like a complete coward anyway.”
“I’ll talk to Ralla; see if she hasn’t figured out any of his weaknesses.” Josie pulled back the screen door. “I better go check on her now.”
“I’m sorry I asked her to use her power the way I did,” Seth said to Josie before he lost his nerve.
Josie gave him a smile and went back to kiss his cheek. “It’s okay. I know you didn’t mean her any harm, Seth.”
Nick went with her, squeezing Seth’s shoulder as he passed. Seth couldn’t go with them. He stayed out on the veranda, leaning on the railing and scanning the darkness. 
He’d felt vulnerable in this expanse of nothingness, especially at night. He’d thought wolves were circling the house when he was little; he’d sworn he’d heard growling. Nick had promised Seth there weren’t any wild animals out this way. Most they had to worry about were the snakes in the tall grass out on the fields, or the ones hiding in the bush. Everyone knew how to spot the deadly spiders from the harmless ones, too. 
Snakes were less threatening to Seth now; he could chase them off with an errant shot of a rifle if they got too close. But he knew he wouldn’t do so great against a bigger assailant. Without a weapon, he could throw a couple of useless punches. He’d gotten in tussles with other kids, kicking and flailing his arms — all fury and no finesse. If he let Calder take Ralla, he’d be beating himself up the rest of his days. 
Creeped out and bordering on paranoia, Seth went back inside and locked the front door.


6

Ralla’s one day at school had utterly exhausted her. She refused to blame it on her showing her powers to Seth. She could have refused, she knew that. But she didn’t want Seth to be dubious of her at all. She’d hoped it would gain his trust; she’d never intended to evoke his pity.
Worse still, she’d felt bombarded by the barrage of reactions from the kids around her. Some had stared, while some had asked more questions than she’d been able to answer without Seth’s help. Others had whispered behind their hands to each other while watching her. Whenever she’d happened upon Olivia, Ralla was met with a glare. Ralla hadn’t come to make an enemy of anyone in the Concrete, and yet this girl was intent on becoming just that. Seth had offered to put Olivia in her place, but Ralla hadn’t wanted to cause a disruption. 
By the day’s end, she’d wanted desperately to be left alone. For all her desire to have human contact at last, it hadn’t taken long for it to seem repellant. Disappearing would’ve been the best thing she could do.
Josie’s decision to keep her at home was a welcome one, and Ralla appeased Josie’s regret over this by spending time with her. She sat with Josie out on the veranda, taking in the scents of the clean air and the soil, distracted by the fronds of the ferns Josie kept in hanging pots along the awning. The wicker sofa had a thin cushion tied to it that was ratty from the weather, but not dirty. Though the house was mildly dusty and her room was still full of junk, it hardly mattered. Ralla was very much in love with where she was now.
“I hope you don’t think I’m being mean to you, Ralla.”
“No, I understand. I wasn’t as ready for the Concrete as I thought.”
“That’s nothing to feel bad about, sweetie. I was probably pushing you too much. I can’t be so reckless about having you out in the open with Calder unaccounted for.”
“Papalia’s protecting me. I’m sure she won’t let him find me.” Ralla sounded more certain than she was in her heart. Seth had seen more of her fear now; she couldn’t give away to Josie how scared she truly was.
“She seemed determined to get you away from him.”
“He was keeping her from me, and she wasn’t strong enough to reach me for most of my life. She knows about you and Seth as well. She told me you weren’t as awful as Calder made you out to be. He was intent on having me think you’d never want me back.”
“I’ve wanted you back every day since you were gone, Ralla. I’ve tried not to get fixated; I did all I could to be a good mother to Seth. But I didn’t let a day pass without thinking of you and where you might be. I’ve missed everything; your first steps, your first tooth… your first smile. That cut me the most — the idea of never seeing you smile.”
“We can still have ‘firsts’ together,” Ralla assured her. “Calder stole clothes for me and wouldn’t cut my hair until he decided it was too long. He threw books at me when my body was changing and made me figure it all out myself. I cut up the cloths he’d used when I was a baby and washed the blood out of them every month. I grew to hate him, but I couldn’t survive on my own. After Papalia brought me here, I was terrified of being left alone. I almost wanted to go back.”
Ralla’s story was causing Josie too much pain and grief. “If I could find him and kill him, I would. I wish I knew more about him; what his weaknesses are. Maybe Papalia knows. Can we bring her here? Can you contact her somehow?”
“She has to remain in the woods by the boundary to keep him from getting to me.”
“What if she fails? How will we know?”
“I’m not sure.”
Josie’s frustration mounted. “He cannot be invincible. He has to have a weak spot. I cast spells and made chimes and wards — none of it worked. He’s not conventional. He’s a trickster, but he’s something else as well.”
“If I knew another way into the Other, we could find the ones who cast him and Papalia out. The only gateway is the house, and I can’t go back there. He’ll be waiting for me.”
“So, in all that time, he never once told you anything about himself?”
“He was secretive, most of all about himself. I’ve not really known what his intentions were for me other than to make me the same as him. I was an experiment to him.”
“Then he could’ve just taken an orphan,” Josie remarked viciously. “But now I say that, I’m wracked with guilt I wanted him to take Seth. I was desperate. Still, it was callous of me to disregard another child’s life so readily to save yours. I can’t bring myself to tell him I was willing to give him to Calder. It’s better he never finds out.”
Ralla was perfectly aware she stood as an object of conflict and disarray between Seth and Josie. While he may not have projected his anger onto Ralla, she knew of it, and she knew how destructive it could become if he bottled it all up. While Josie swore black and blue she loved Seth as her own, her allegiance to Ralla had to have been stronger due to their blood tie. Had Ralla known she was going to walk into this dilemma of Josie’s, she’d have thought twice about coming here.
Josie let the matter of Calder rest and asked Ralla what she’d like to do to pass the time. 
“I’m not really sure,” Ralla replied.
“There isn’t much to do anyway, besides housework. Nick’s a little stricter on that with Seth. It is really his place after all.”
“There wasn’t much point in cleaning the house I lived in,” Ralla told her. “It’s too rundown to bother. And the oven barely worked to cook anything, so I never learnt.”
“I’m not that good at it,” Josie confessed. “I also can’t sew to save my life. I can replace a button, but it’ll be very shoddily done. My mum would sooner buy new clothes than mend them.”
“What is she like?” Ralla asked.
Josie’s sudden laugh had a bitter edge to it. “She’s what you would call ‘a flake’. I was an accident, and she had no qualms about me knowing this. My dad was more reliable, but he didn’t stay married to her. She drank quite a bit and had these friends who encouraged her behaviour; they more or less drove him away. He’d send money and check on me once a month to make sure I still had what I needed. Mum painted for money, so she was almost always broke. I left home after high school, and I’ve not spoken to her or my dad since. My choices after that were all poor and misguided.”
“You’ve not said much about my father,” Ralla said tentatively.
“I won’t keep any secrets about him from you. He didn’t want you any more than my mother wanted me. He probably would’ve pushed me down the stairs to get rid of you. In fact, I was sure he would. But when we met, he was quite the charmer. I thought he was handsome and sophisticated. What would he want with a lowly temp like me? I let it all enchant me, I’ll admit that. He also had a nice home; I thought I’d be well kept, but he wanted someone to serve him diligently.”
“He treated you like a servant?”
“Servant, maid… it’s all semantics when you look at it. Once I realised this, I felt trapped there with nowhere to go. When I found out I was pregnant with you, I was hoping he’d take some responsibility. His reaction was beyond what I’d seen before. He’d been angry with me on many occasions, but never violent.”
Josie’s candour deeply distressed Ralla to the point she’d rather have heard a lie. “You don’t have to say anything else.”
“I’m still very sorry to have to tell you what he was like. I can’t sugarcoat it. Sometimes I still can’t quite believe it.”
“I’d much rather call Nick my dad,” Ralla admitted. “I still don’t think he’s too happy about me being here. I feel he’s protecting me only because I’m important to you.”
“Nick is kind-hearted, Ralla. From the day I met him, he’s gone out of his way to help me, under no obligation. He really wanted to prove that strangers could be kind. He even introduced me to Margaret, who was leasing out the house I used to live in, and she let me stay there for a pittance of what I should’ve paid until I had money to cover the rent. You would’ve grown up here with Nick as your dad if things had been different. If I’d been stronger and fought to save you from Calder that night…”
These many possible versions of Ralla’s life were all more appealing than what she’d known with Calder. 
“Were you hoping I would be someone different to how I am?” Ralla asked.
“I had a thousand versions of you in my head that I wouldn’t choose over who you are now. I won’t even change your name just because he chose it for you. Unless you wanted a new name.”
“What name would you have given me?”
“I wrote a list I tore up a long time ago. I knew keeping it around would’ve hurt Seth if he’d found it. I thought I’d kept the article I had of Brent’s death hidden, but in truth, I didn’t cover it well enough because I think I wanted to be found out. It makes no difference now.”
The softest of breezes passed by and Ralla suddenly sneezed. Josie fretted more than was necessary.
“I hope you’re not getting sick. I don’t know how Calder kept you alive in a mouldy house all that time.”
“He told me I’d end up sick out here.”
Josie put the back of her hand to Ralla’s brow then ran her fingertips under her jawline. Ralla accepted the examination, and the attention Calder would never give her. 
“You’re a little warm. Might be from the sun, though. Lacey said you could do with a tan, but I like your skin the way it is.”
“The house was always in shadow; it felt like night time in the afternoon in winter. I much prefer this house. So many windows to let the light in.”
“We should decorate your room; make it more comfortable. How about we do that now?”
Josie’s enthusiasm didn’t rub off on Ralla. Cleaning out the junk to make more room took nearly all afternoon; they were both too tired to do more. 
Ralla did love spending time with Josie, but she needed to be alone now, and asked if she could take a nap. Josie agreed, kissing Ralla’s cheek lightly. They’d not shown each other much affection, Ralla still seeing Josie as a friend more than a mother.
What time had robbed from them, Ralla could not replace in a mere space of days. Josie wasn’t asking a lot, though she did seem intent on being around Ralla as much as possible, and it wasn’t entirely to protect her. Ralla’s needs were now met for her to survive, not to grow her own sense of independence. The Concrete would be expecting much more of her than the Other would ever require. She had too much left to learn, and not enough strength to do it.
Seth checked in on Ralla that evening, taking note of the missing boxes and lack of junk. 
“Still doesn’t look much like a proper bedroom,” he said.
“I was too tired to do more. How was school for you today?”
“Different from yesterday, given you weren’t there. People were asking what happened to you. I just said you’d caught a cold and Josie wanted you to stay home.”
“I know it’s wise for me to hide here, but I’m never going to get where I need to be if I’m cooped up again. There are only so many books I can read before I stop learning anything new.”
Seth remained in the doorway and Ralla said he could come in and sit down. Without a chair in the room, the next best thing he had was the wooden floor and its small patterned rug. Inviting him to sit on her bed felt too strange to her. 
“If you were going to school, they’d be expecting you to pick a career,” Seth said. “That wouldn’t be fair on you, all things considered. But you’re smart enough, and you learn quickly, so you could do anything. I don’t see you being a housewife with kids. That wouldn’t suit you.”
“What makes you say that?” she asked.
Seth wasn’t able to back up his claim. “I don’t know, I just can’t picture you doing that. Not that you shouldn’t if you want to… Never mind. I’m trying to be diplomatic but I’m just sounding like a jerk. You’re not supposed to tell girls what to do with their lives. Stuff’s different now.”
Ralla was still confused. “Why should anyone tell you what to do? Did people order girls around? What makes us that different if we’re both human?”
Seth smiled at her. “Nothing, really. A lot of it’s from stupid expectations that are out of context with modern society. It’s probably better you weren’t around to have it shoved down your throat in the first place.”
Josie called them both out for dinner, and this left Ralla stuck with even more questions. She hadn’t been able to stop her teachers to explain anything. She saw she was supposed to put up her hand to ask or answer a question; she just wasn’t confident to speak. 
“Nobody makes time for you,” Calder once mentioned in another of his diatribes about the inhabitants of the Concrete. “Their time is too precious to them, and no one else. They don’t care for anyone who is falling behind.”
Ralla knew of riptides and currents from her books, now seeing she was stuck in this river of time and inconsideration with nothing to grab onto. Conversations happened around her; she floated on the periphery with nothing to say. She listened to Nick talking about a car he’d been left with that he could fix up, and Seth was engaged in the discussion with an eagerness Ralla hadn’t seen until now. 
Josie asked Ralla to help her with dinner, patiently instructing her on how to cut the food evenly. These were all useful skills, but was this what Seth meant about her being told what to do and how to behave? Without a sense of purpose, somehow it was simple to direct her where they wanted her to go. 
So, how were any of them any better than Calder in that regard? Ralla couldn’t see when she’d cease to belong to Josie or Calder and start belonging to herself. She couldn’t live with them forever. She’d have to have some use; some purpose.
From then on, watching Seth and Nick leave each morning heightened Ralla’s sense of uselessness. Reading Seth’s books and helping Josie around the house was all she could do with her days, even if Josie insisted she needn’t do too much.
“I didn’t intend for it to be this way,” Josie said while they were pinning freshly-laundered sheets on the clothesline. “You should be meeting new people and seeing the world. But look at me and how far I’ve gotten. I’ve been living in Huntington so long I don’t even know where I’d rather go.”
“You needn’t show me everything,” Ralla reasoned. “I always thought my books would be the only means I’d ever have of seeing other places. I don’t understand how one land can be vastly different from another. I could learn all the languages I want; I’ll never really know how it is to live in those cities every day.”
Josie picked up the now empty basket. “I was hopeless at French in school. I thought I had the hang of it early on, but then I just got confused with how to put it all together. I hope you have bigger aspirations than I do. You’ve come all this way to find out about the real world, and what do I do? Get you to help me with the laundry.” She rattled off some obscenities along with a bitter remark about this all being Calder’s doing.
Ralla stayed silent and followed Josie back inside.
“We need to get rid of him, so you can start living your life,” Josie declared, dropping the empty basket by the door. “Maybe we should let him come so we can deal with him once and for all.”
“No!” Ralla suddenly shouted. “Why would you risk it? Why would you even suggest it? What’s the matter with you?”
Ralla’s reaction stunned Josie. “Ralla, I’m sorry. I was just thinking out loud. It was stupid of me to say it.”
“You met with him for barely an hour. You know less of him than I do. I won’t have him here. I’m not going back.” Ralla’s skin was prickly and hot, and her throat felt constricted. This rage of hers hadn’t been unleashed before. Now she didn’t know what to do with it.
Josie took Ralla by her arms. “I wasn’t thinking. Please don’t get upset. What can I do?”
“Don’t ever talk about bringing him here again. I don’t even want to say his name, or hear any of you say it.”
“But we need to be ready if something goes wrong, Ralla. We need to be sure we can keep you safe, and that may well mean having to talk about him. It sickens me and makes me just as furious as you are now.”
“I want to forget him!” Ralla cried, shoving Josie’s hands away from her. “I want to stop having nightmares about him coming to find me.”
“You didn’t tell me any of this,” Josie said, all motherly and concerned. 
“I just told you I didn’t want to talk about him! You talk and talk, but you never listen to me, do you? No wonder Seth can’t stand you!”
Ralla missed whatever hurt Josie may have shown then. She turned on her heels and ran to her room, slamming the door behind her and curling up on her bed to weep. Without Calder demanding she stop her pitiful crying, she kept on sobbing until she was spent. 
Long after Seth and Nick had come home, Ralla emerged. The house was quiet, and a panicked moment passed in which she thought no one was around. Patience brought her sense back and she figured out Josie was out on the veranda with Nick, while Seth was in his room. He’d been studying more than usual, and she didn’t want to interrupt him, but she couldn’t leave this be.
“I said a bad thing to Josie,” she muttered after he’d opened his door to her tentative knock. “It was about you.”
“I know. Don’t worry about it. She understood; said she was surprised you’d not blown up sooner.”
“It was still wrong of me.”
“You can go tell her. She won’t be mad at you.”
“Are you mad at me?” she asked, afraid to know.
“I’m not. I promise.”
Ralla went out to apologise for being so awful to Josie, Nick leaving them alone and offering Ralla a smile that suggested she’d not done any damage.
“You were angry with me, and you had every right to be,” said Josie. “I haven’t been listening to you, or Seth. I get stuck in my head sometimes and I think I know better, when I don’t. I’ve got so many things to learn about you and you’re still a stranger to me. I know it’s been hard for you, so I’m sorry, too.”
Ralla was able to accept Josie’s embrace this time, still sorrowful and weary of her tumultuous emotions. Scraps of happiness that lifted her heart often vanished to make her sad, and this feeling was much worse now she was older. Calder would’ve shown no kindness for her doldrums, or appreciation for her contentedness. She was meant to be cold and callous like him, not swinging from one useless emotion to another. 
Josie’s willingness to accept her bitterness didn’t help Ralla. She saw it as a lack of grace and composure. 
“Grow up!” Calder would shout. “Your snivelling won’t be tolerated.”
“Don’t be afraid to tell me if I’ve done something wrong, Ralla,” Josie then said firmly, pulling Ralla from this memory. “I have to know, or I can’t help you. That’s all I’m here to do. I won’t make you do anything you don’t want, and I’ll try not to talk about him too much. We just need to learn to trust one another, and that’ll take time, but it’s all we have now.”
Ralla agreed, and found some peace within. She did need to know if she could free herself from Calder; she was just too afraid to ask Papalia if it were possible. She’d lain awake and whispered to Papalia in the darkness, waiting to see a butterfly outside her window. She’d seen flickers out the corners of her sight nearly every day, a further glance proving there was nothing there. She thought Papalia could maybe send one of her many butterflies to Ralla to give her a message. They should’ve spent more time together. She should’ve asked more questions, but Papalia had been too hurried to indulge her. 
As she went to sleep that night, Ralla whispered again to Papalia. “Help me stop him. We can do this together, can’t we? Then we can both be free. Please, Papalia… We have to try.”
The only answer she received was the oppressive silence of the fields and hills outside, and the empty, windless night went on without change. 







Seth wasn’t surprised that Ralla had revealed his unspoken hatred of Josie. He’d listened to Josie’s account to Nick, standing on the sidelines and choosing to be impartial, rather than getting upset with Ralla for her outburst. It made far more sense to him, though Josie admitted it hadn’t been a total surprise.
“She’s had no healthy outlet for all her anger,” Josie said. “God knows how much Calder has made her bottle up over the years. I could see it all over her face this past week. I was just waiting for her to explode; it was so obvious. But it’s not like I meant to prod it out of her.”
“She’s still trying to make sense of everything,” Seth told her. “There’s this huge gap between her learnt impressions and reality. I think Calder’s bigger abuse was to hide so many truths about humanity from her. What harm would it have done to let her have some interaction with the world?”
“His reasoning is his own, Seth,” Josie replied. “She was right about one thing, though; she knows him better than I do. Summoning him would be a massive mistake, and the only other person with any knowledge of him is this old woman, Papalia. Do we call her out and risk exposing Ralla to Calder, or leave her where she is?”
“You just want to make him go away so Ralla can live her life,” Nick said. “It seems to me he’ll find a way to get her back no matter what we do, so she’s safer here where we can protect her. No more spells or talk about summoning people, okay? It’s not doing her any good.”
“You don’t understand how powerless this makes me feel, Nick,” Josie retorted. “He’s had me this way for so long now, I can’t stand it anymore.”
“You’ll just have to learn to deal with it in some way, Josie. I didn’t want to be the one to tell you this, but this isn’t about you now; it’s about Ralla.”
“Don’t you think I know that! How dare you insinuate I don’t care enough about my own daughter’s welfare.”
Seth had no recollection of them fighting like this before. He wasn’t even sure if he could make them stop now they’d started.
“What about Seth?” Nick shouted back. “You think Calder’s not a threat to him? Or us? You’re risking everyone in this house by calling him out, not just her. How certain are you he won’t come after everyone around you just to get her back?”
“I’m not! I’m terrified he’ll come and tear this place apart and take everything from me, not just her. He is vicious when he’s wronged, and he cannot be reasoned with. He cannot be bargained with. All the money in the world won’t appease him. If he hurts you or Seth, I’ll die. If he takes Ralla again, I’ll fall to pieces. I just can’t spend my life knowing he’s out there waiting to strike.”
Seth saw a break in Josie’s argument for him to speak. “We still need patience. We have to keep looking for answers. We’ve been giving up on all these dead ends and saying it’s no use, but in doing that, we’re giving up on Ralla.”
“Where else can we even go for answers?” Josie asked him. “I’ve found nothing.”
“I’d get further if I could spend more time in the library after school. I’ve tried, but I almost missed the bus a couple times this week. It’ll take hours here. If Ralla writes down as much as she can for me, I’ll stay and research it all for as long as I can tomorrow.”
“I’ll come and get you if you call me,” Nick decided. “You won’t get home if you can’t get the bus back.”
Josie sighed and gave Seth another look of gratitude. Now she did appreciate him, Seth thought his resentment might start to die down. But it wouldn’t. 
“Thank you, Seth. I wish I could do more. I’ve wanted to take her out, but I’m just too nervous for her now. It means so much to me you and Nick are willing to help her.”
“Why?” Seth asked Josie. “Did you think I’d sell her out the first chance I got because I thought she was here to replace me?” 
“Of course not, Seth. You’re not that cruel.”
“I’ve got stuff to do. I’ll be in my room.”
Josie needed to see and understand they weren’t on steady ground yet. Ralla’s outburst had done Seth a favour — it had reminded Josie she wasn’t in the clear with him. They had to work together, yet his trust was so damaged it was proving difficult to sympathise with her anguish over Ralla. 
Josie had brought all of this into their home with her lies. Calder’s ever-present threat could be taken care of if she just left town with Ralla. Then, Seth surmised, he and Nick would be safe. He hadn’t told anyone this thought had crossed his mind plenty of times since Josie’s confession. 
The thought of Josie possibly leaving wasn’t making Seth feel better. When he scratched deep beneath the surface of his grudge, he still saw a glimmer of love for her for having kept him when she could’ve discarded him anytime she wanted. He’d found this scrap of affection for her, even after the hours of bitter thinking and debilitating resentment, asking himself if he could go on without her. 
He could uncover piles of information to help Ralla fight Calder, and find the answers they needed; the trick to defeating him. And win Josie’s undying affection for his heroism. 
Yet Seth would never be able to find a single scrap of evidence as to where he came from or the identity of his real parents. He could answer all Ralla’s questions, but she’d never be able to answer any of his. 
There came the idea that Seth could find Calder himself and demand he give up all this in exchange for Ralla. He could force Calder to make his mother remember him, and confess exactly where she was so he could reunite with her. Selling Ralla out was a solution to which Seth could have resorted. There was little to stop him turning on all of them, and he was asking himself if he was genuinely capable of betraying Josie, more than she had him.
Ralla coming to his door to tell him about her fight with Josie banished this line of thinking from Seth’s brain in a heartbeat. She’d not been the one responsible for his abandonment. They were just two pawns in Calder’s bizarre game of wits with Josie. Ralla was looking like she’d been kicked and broken. She’d run out of hope; there wasn’t any need to ask. 
She still felt bad bringing Seth into her argument with Josie, and he forgave the slip. Fighting with Ralla would be as futile as entertaining the idea of handing her over to Calder in exchange for the answers he needed. 
Ralla was now too weary to give him more information about Calder and the Other. Seth stayed up late and wrote down as much as he could remember from her stories. 
After school the next day, he looked through books in the school library and searched all the names of mythical creatures that he knew, making sure no stone was left unturned. Calder didn’t quite match the profile of any particular entity. He had attributes of more than one — genie, sylph, angel, demon; ghost, shapeshifter, some type of mischief fairy… All of them fit, yet didn’t. 
The Other, by Ralla’s description, fit the definition of another plane or dimension. Without knowing how to get there, they couldn’t meet Calder on his turf and make a surprise attack. Calder had more strength on this plane than in the Concrete, still Ralla made it clear Calder could work within both realms with ease; an unfair advantage Seth had to think harder around.
Drawing on the logic within the games he played, he knew when encountering any kind of air elemental that spells were of more use than physical weapons; unless the weapon was enchanted, of course. Getting into this stuff wasn’t to skirt the line of fantasy or find a way to blur it for his amusement. 
Until the moment Ralla had made her own flesh invisible, Seth had had a firm footing in reality. Role-playing was a distraction he and his friends were smart enough to not take it so seriously that they’d consider any of it real. They had no emotional attachment to it, and it hadn’t been a gateway to witchcraft. That was all bogus to him. 
Josie’s past meddling with basic spells was just as bogus to Seth, but he couldn’t discredit it now he knew she’d been that desperate to stop Calder and was left without any other avenues to explore. Once Ralla was taken, it seemed to Seth that Josie had given up looking and had completely accepted never seeing her daughter again. Her wavering determination bugged Seth more than all her other flaws. She’d discarded her drive to find a way out of her bargain with Calder for absolute acquiescence. 
Had Josie ever once contemplated looking for Ralla after she was gone? Or had she really sat there with Seth in her arms, lamenting the loss and nothing more? She should’ve scoured the earth for her child. Other parents did. They’d throw money at anyone who might get their kid back. They’d never rest. They’d break laws if they had to. Josie had abandoned all hope just as Seth’s real mother had abandoned him. Without a fight.
Seth printed out all the seemingly relevant details and sent Nick a text that he needed a ride. It took nearly half an hour to drive to Upton High, and they were bound to be stuck in traffic on the way back. The school was almost empty, the band students filing out of the theatre arts building as Seth was waiting for Nick. 
Seth’s sense of detachment from everyone had doubled in size in the past week, and his daydreaming was worse than ever. He’d not told Nick he’d failed his last maths test, and gotten a D for his history assignment. Josie’s disappointment he could live with now, but not Nick’s. If it was up to him, he’d possibly give Seth a pass, given all disasters he’d dealt with recently. They’d get his report at the end of the semester, by which time they’d figure out he was failing. That was if one of his teachers didn’t contact them first.
Seth had received bad reports and underwhelming comments in the past. Rarely had Josie and Nick been notified of any real problems with Seth’s progress that might have hindered him from advancing. He’d narrowly missed repeating Year 2, his teacher, Mrs North, identifying a worrying trend in his reading abilities. She’d given him extra guidance and he’d finished the year with a passing grade. He had done his best; he’d just fallen short. 
Nick was forgiving, and aware Seth was trying hard. Josie, on the other hand, was really castigating herself for Seth’s failure. This made more sense now in the light of her truth. At the time, Seth had just promised he’d try harder, so she wouldn’t be disappointed in him anymore.
He could’ve been a disappointment to his real parents just the same. Or he may have been a different person altogether. He may have been born dumb, with no real prospects, always falling behind and ending up at the bottom. His resultant sense of failure could’ve caused him to drop out, end up on the dole, and inevitably die homeless.
Nick picked Seth up around five and asked if he had uncovered anything.
“I have pages of stuff,” Seth said. “It still might be useless.”
“You’ve still probably found more than Josie did.”
“None of it’s practical. It’s not like I can go to some fictional village and find a guy who could enchant a sword for a bag of gold. Or pay a wizard to cast a spell. If this was a campaign, that’s what I do.”
“Seth, I know you’re doing your best to help Ralla. I don’t expect you to be her hero. Neither does Josie.”
“I’m not doing this for Josie. Not really.”
“Your reasons are your own. I know you don’t want to hate Josie, and I know it’s still hard for you to accept who she is to you now. She can’t make you trust her any more than I can make you trust me again, and I know you don’t. Not entirely.”
“Josie played you for just about as long as she did me, Nick.”
“True. But I didn’t step up and confront her back when I suspected something was wrong. She’s not a malicious person.”
“I know.”
“We’ll go check out that car this weekend if you want. We can get started on it once I get it in the shop.”
“It can wait.”
Back at the house, Seth went straight to Ralla with his research. He’d cut the conversation with Nick very short; he wasn’t up to having a heart to heart. 
Ralla looked over the printed pages Seth had sorted into subjects. He had loads of details on the principles behind parallel dimensions, and theories behind various planes of existence. He considered all the information on astral projection and interdimensional space travel to have more grounding in science fiction, but it had sounded relevant to Ralla’s descriptions, so he couldn’t leave it out. 
“I looked up his name again as well. I couldn’t get a match with anyone fitting your description of him. He could be so many things, or none of them at all.”
“This is hopeless,” Ralla sighed. “Papalia’s the only one who can truly help. I’ve been trying to contact her, but she’s not replied.”
“Is there really only one gateway to the Other? Could there be another one somewhere?”
“Calder wouldn’t share all the secrets of the Other with me. He’d impart pieces, but I don’t have all the knowledge he does.”
“He didn’t want you to have the chance to be more powerful than him,” Seth told her, taking back the printouts and picking up her sense of futility. “For all the information we have about the universe, we still don’t know everything. Lots of people say they do, but they don’t. If they did, they’d know about this place.”
Bringing this up to his teachers at school had been another of Seth’s passing thoughts. If he’d said anything to Ms Avery, his science teacher, she’d probably have contacted the school counsellor while asking if he was on drugs. 
Ralla’s hopelessness pervaded the room and she apologised to Seth for being defeatist. “Thank you for bringing me this.”
“It’s useless anyway.” He went to tear it all up and she reached out to take the pages and put them beside her.
“Let me hold on to it. I’ll keep looking. I haven’t wanted to think about it, but I’ll have to face him eventually.” She shivered and gathered her cardigan closer around her. “Whenever there’s a chill in the room, I have to wonder if it’s him.”
Seth would’ve said she was delusional or worrying too much if he still thought her other claims were lies. She had a stalker; there wasn’t a better way to put it when it came to the matter of Calder. He was an enemy who could appear right around any corner, and she was looking at a life of constant fear and suspicion.
Friday night that week, Nick got a call from Denise to say she needed him to come and sign a bunch of paperwork. Seth knew there would be a lot of money coming in; the particulars weren’t his concern, nor was the amount. Money had never meant anything to him; it certainly didn’t now. 
Josie needed to go with Nick to witness their signatures, Denise stating firmly she was unwilling to come to the house as she couldn’t leave the city. 
Josie wanted Seth and Ralla to come with them. Seth, however, knew they’d be bored to death and couldn’t see why they wouldn’t be okay at home, provided they stayed put.
Nick and Josie left at seven the next morning. The day was clear enough Seth would’ve taken his bike out to the flats to tear up the dirt. He also had plenty of homework to do, but he wasn’t feeling up to it. 
Ralla had just about read every book in the house worth reading, so Seth offered to play a board game with her that he and his friends used to play. He set it out on the floor of the living room and started shuffling all the cards they needed. 
“Since you’re new at this,” he decided, “I’ll let you pick who you want to be. Otherwise I’d make you pick from the deck.”
“It looks complicated.”
“Not really. The cards tell you what to do, or what item you’re holding and how it works. I’ll help you with the rest.”
She decided she wanted to be a sprite; a little pixie-like creature with fairy wings that only dealt in spells. He took the card for the knight and weighed up if he was prepared to go easy on her or try to win. She was examining the board with its three regions, glancing over the illustrations of each area. Forgetting about the game only five rounds in, she started asking about all the places on the board. 
“Why would I want to go through a pit of demons?”
“That’s how you get the crown. Well, it’s one way.”
“Maybe you should go get the crown.”
“You don’t want to play to win?”
Ralla looked to be weighing up her options when Seth noticed the room had darkened. He got up and checked out the window to see a rush of dark grey clouds travelling across the sky.
“Looks like a storm’s coming. It was clear an hour ago.”
The back screen door was caught by the wind and slammed against the wall beside it, causing Ralla to jump with a gasp.
“It’s okay. We’ll just have to shut up the other doors and windows for a while.”
Huntington wasn’t subjected to tornadoes or floods. They just had heavy rains and thunderstorms; maybe a gale now and then. Seth and Ralla split up and secured all the windows around the house, coming back to meet up in the living room. 
The sound of knocking on the front door stilled Ralla, and puzzled Seth.
“Who could that be?” he asked. “I didn’t hear a car pull up.”
There was no one at the door when he opened it. If Seth hadn’t glanced down, he’d not have noticed the jar sitting on the tattered welcome mat. He bent to pick it up and saw a brightly coloured butterfly frantically beating its wings. The lid wasn’t punctured to let any air in. 
Ralla came to Seth’s side and saw the jar. “Oh no…”
“What?”
She snatched the jar from him and tried to twist the lid open. “It’s Papalia. She’s trapped.”
An odd, hollow voice then said behind them, “Hello, Ralla.”
She was hugging the jar with both arms, turning very slowly with Seth to face a tall, suited man with sunken cheeks and strange eyes. 
“I’m extremely upset with you, child,” the man said to Ralla. “You know you weren’t supposed to go into the woods. Why did you disobey me?”
“You cannot take me back,” she murmured harshly.
“I can do as I please, Ralla. Papalia’s magic wasn’t nearly as strong as she thought it was. I found her heart — the one butterfly in her mass that if contained, contains her. And if I crush that butterfly…” he gestured to the jar with his spindly hand, “Papalia will die. I asked her to lead me to you first.”
Seth was livid Calder had invaded his home, and had no intention of listening to Ralla. He stepped in front of her. 
“She’s not going with you,” he boldly declared. 
“You’re right. She isn’t. At least, not yet.”
Calder merely flicked one hand like he was swatting a fly, the gesture sending Seth and Ralla hurtling backwards. The back of Seth’s head hit the wall behind him to knock him out completely.







“At least it’s all sorted out now,” Nick said on the way home. “Once the money comes through, we can make some actual plans.”
“We don’t have to rush into anything, Nick.” 
“I know. I just feel like I’ve been spinning the back wheels for ages now and we’ve been stuck here longer than was necessary. I can’t run the shop for the next ten years, and you can’t manage the tavern the rest of your days. We all need a fresh start, don’t we?”
“We do.”
“We’ll let Seth and Ralla help us find a new place.”
A future that included Ralla still had to be one in which Calder was no longer a threat. Not a cent of Josie’s new fortune would get rid of him. 
Denise had stood by with severe impatience as Nick went over the particulars of the contract. Denise’s line of business lent more to negotiation; she’d made sure the offer for the property wasn’t below market value, convinced Nick would take the first pittance presented just to have the matter dealt with.
“You need this money more than I do, Nick,” Denise had argued. “Why would you just take whatever when you have a teenage son to consider?”
Denise understood who Seth was to Nick without really accepting who Josie was. Their lack of a marriage certificate had Denise questioning Josie’s commitment to Nick. Josie got what Denise really meant by this — if she were out for his money from the outset, she’d have married Nick within a month of meeting him, like any professional gold digger. But if anyone had been keen to get their hands on the council’s money, it was Denise. Her husband was just as greedy; their children not much better. 
Had it been up to Nick, he’d still be broke with two living parents. He’d grappled with his own remorse over not visiting his dad enough, and this was on top of all Josie’s disasters.
“How is Seth, Josie?” Denise had asked, pretending to be interested in Josie’s life while Nick was signing the documents. She’d shown up to the lawyer’s office in a business suit, her black hair recently dyed and straightened. Josie hadn’t time to fix her hair these days. 
“He’s fine.” They’d decided not to mention Ralla’s presence to Denise.
“Have you given any considerations to cementing some kind of future with my brother at all?”
“He’s not gotten on one knee for me, if that’s what you’re asking. I don’t need him to. I don’t even need this money.”
“Of course you don’t,” Denise then snidely replied. “Nick was very kind to take you and Seth in when he had so little to begin with. It’s sweet your devotion isn’t based on anything but love. Sadly, that doesn’t cover much. It certainly won’t pay Seth’s university fees, will it?”
“And what are you doing with your half?” Josie had asked. “More investment properties, I assume?”
“For a start, yes.”
“Denise, I’d rather be broke and have Nick’s love than end up with more money than I know what to do with. Why do these numbers mean so much to you? They’re just numbers. Nothing more.”
By then, Nick was finished with the paperwork and had returned it to the lawyer, prompting Josie to follow him as he gave Denise a hollow goodbye.
They were now following the storm clouds from outside the city, nearing the house with the wind picking up. Josie’s gut tightened; she told Nick to speed up.
“What’s wrong?” he asked.
“I don’t think we should’ve left them alone,” she said. 
“Seth knows where the rifle is, and he knows he has to call you if anything happens.”
Unappeased, Josie leapt down from the truck before Nick had even parked, hurrying inside and almost tripping over the veranda steps. 
In the centre of the living room, Ralla and Seth were suspended in midair as if hanging from invisible nooses, their heads bowed and their arms and legs slack. Between them was Calder, seated comfortably in the armchair by the fireplace. In his lap was a large jar containing a butterfly that was sluggishly beating its wings. Josie could just make out the purple mark on the tip of one wing.
Nick came in behind Josie, his confusion matching her dread. 
“What the hell?” he murmured.
“I’ve been waiting for you, Josie,” Calder said at last. “I figured there would be no sport in simply taking Ralla from you.”
Josie wasn’t held fast to the floor by any other force than her own terror. Aware Nick had momentarily disappeared to fetch the rifle, she couldn’t react to him standing beside her and raising the barrel to point it at Calder. He had a clear shot; neither Ralla or Seth would be hit. 
“Get out,” Nick ordered.
Calder remained where he was, the same cunning smile not budging from his face. “What good do you think that contraption will do?”
“Just put them down and get out, or you won’t be leaving here in one piece.” Nick steadied the rifle and told Josie to step aside.
“It won’t work,” she told Nick, her eyes still keenly on Calder. “It won’t hit him.”
“I think we can discuss this matter without resorting to weapons, can’t we?” Calder asked condescendingly. “I’ve come to make another bargain, Josie.”
“We’re not making any deals with you now,” Nick declared, the rifle still raised. “You’ve had your fun. Put them down, and get out.”
“Not until Josie decides which one of them I’m taking, and which one I’m leaving behind.”
Josie told Nick to lower the gun, and he did so, hesitantly. 
“You’re not leaving with either of them,” she said fiercely to Calder. “One way or another, you’re leaving, and you’re never taking anything from me again.”
“I am, Josie. One way or another. Ralla is rightfully mine, but I’m glad now you’ve had a chance to be with her. Now you can either know the pain of losing her all over again, or the pain of sacrificing the boy you’ve come to cherish and living with the guilt of betraying him, just like his mother did.”
“That doesn’t make any sense,” Nick replied. “Why make Josie choose if you think Ralla’s yours to begin with?”
“Because Josie will be scarred by this no matter what she does. She’ll suffer your acrimony if she chooses her daughter over Seth, and I’ll have robbed her of the peace of having Ralla back with no consequence. Otherwise, she gives Ralla up to me with the knowledge I’ll be taking her into the Other where none of you can ever reach her again. All I want is for Josie to suffer the way she should. I can’t let her have absolutely everything when she doesn’t deserve it.”
“Seth and Ralla don’t deserve any of this!” Josie shouted. “You swore to me Ralla wouldn’t be harmed and you’ve been starving her to death. You’re the one who’s failed to live up to your side of the bargain, Calder.”
“You still gave her up to me out of selfishness in the first place. That makes you no better than me.”
“If you want me to suffer so badly, take me and starve me in the Other. Leave my children alone!”
Calder smirked. “So sanctimonious of you to lay claim to this boy when you never truly wanted him in the first place. Are you saying you want to be his mother?”
“I am his mother. You stole everything from him and I had to give it back.”
“So, you’re choosing him?” Calder prompted.
Flustered, Josie held up her hands. She had to concentrate, or he’d trick her all over again. 
“No… Just wait.”
“Then you must be choosing Ralla. Is that right, Josie?”
“Stop it!”
“You can’t have it both ways.”
“Yes she can.” Nick pushed Josie aside and lifted the rifle once more. The deafening bang had Josie covering her ears and dropping to the floor. 
Daring to look, with the hope the armchair would be splattered with blood, Josie now saw a bullet hole in the headrest, the stuffing fluttering about with the smoke. Calder had vanished, and the jar with the dying butterfly sat in his place. Without breath, Josie got to her feet, her gaze drifting to where Ralla was now a heap on the floor.
Seth was gone.







“Ralla! Let me out!”
Papalia’s frail voice was still booming in Ralla’s ear. Shaking the fog from her head was taking too long. As her hearing adjusted, she heard shouting in the room. 
“I didn’t even see him take Seth!” 
“I told you not to shoot him! I knew it wouldn’t do any good!”
“Josie, I’m sorry!”
Ralla groaned and crawled over to the armchair, Papalia’s distress more vital than Josie and Nick’s quarrelling. Josie dropped to Ralla’s side to help her, Ralla pushing her away to get to Papalia.
“She’ll die if I don’t let her out!” 
The lid was still stuck fast. Enraged, Ralla gathered her strength to stand, lifting the jar and slamming it to the floor, chips of glass scattering over the boards. Papalia twitched, but couldn’t spread her wings. Ralla knelt and gingerly picked her up to give her air.
“Thank you, Ralla,” she whispered.
“Are you hurt?”
“I need to gather my strength. He’s had me trapped for far too long.” 
Ralla carried Papalia outside and rested her on one of the flat leaves of a hanging ficus plant. Josie was at Ralla’s shoulder in a moment, crowding them both.
“Stand back,” Ralla ordered. “She has to breathe.”
“Did he hurt you, Ralla?” Josie asked. “What happened?”
“Just wait,” Ralla insisted. “We need to make sure Papalia’s alright. We won’t find Seth without her.”
“What can I do?” Josie then asked, ceasing her fretting.
“Mix some sugar in warm water in a small dish for her. Hopefully it’ll give her some energy.” 
Josie went to carry out the request and Ralla waited for Papalia to speak again.
“I failed to hide my heart from him,” Papalia said in her wispy, delicate voice. “Once he caught it, he caught me. I had no means of escape, and he forced me to show you where you were. I am sorry, Ralla. I had kept him at bay all this time. I wasn’t going to let him get to you.”
“We have to find him and rescue Seth. Can you take us back to the boundary?”
“I can. But you can’t all go to the Other. You won’t survive. I know he would’ve taken Seth deep within where the air is too thin to breathe.”
“I’ll go alone if I have to,” Ralla asserted.
“No you won’t.” 
Nick was now standing behind Ralla, his arms folded as he stared at Papalia. 
“It’s my fault Seth’s gone,” he said resolutely. “I’m going after him. I don’t care what I have to do.”
Josie brought out the small dish of sugar water and placed it on the railing. After a moment, Papalia drifted down to soak her feet and her proboscis. When she’d seemed to have sated herself, she hopped up from the dish and fluttered to the floorboards. Ralla told Nick and Josie to give her some space.
Stronger now, Papalia pulsed her wings before she curled them up. The storm had died, the cold wind surging as her swarm returned in force. They rained down from the gutter and fluttered to greet Papalia’s heart, gathering to build her hunched frame then flattening their wings to form the surface of her skin. Her hair spilled down and the wings shaped her cheeks and brow before Papalia’s human face was apparent. From head to toe, the butterflies faded to reveal Papalia in her flowing dress. 
Josie’s quiet disbelief and Nick’s bewilderment went unacknowledged by Ralla. 
“Thank you,” Papalia said. “I was sure I’d not make it out of that jar alive.”
“What do we do now?” Josie asked her. “I don’t want to push you, but we have to start looking for Seth.”
“I will take you to the house, but I can’t go with you beyond the boundary. I’m not to go into those lands now I’ve been banished.”
“Can’t we talk to the ones who cast you out and explain it wasn’t your fault?” Ralla asked.
“There’s no time for that. I have only one means of defeating Calder, but giving it to you would cause the Other and the Concrete peril. All you can do is find Seth and bring him back.”
“No. We have to get rid of Calder for good.” Josie’s voice was as cold as the air around them. “Tell me what has to happen.”
“Not now,” Papalia replied. “Come with me. I’ll use all the strength I have to get you to the boundary.”
Papalia hobbled down the steps, urging them to follow. She instructed them to stand as still as possible and to hold their breath. Ralla shut her eyes and Josie took her hand. 
“We can do this, Ralla. We can stop him.”
“Let’s just find Seth first,” Ralla murmured. “Now hold still, or this won’t work.”



































TO FORGIVE IS DIVINE






































7

Seth thought someone was sitting on his chest when he came around. Sitting up with his palms down, he assumed he was pushing himself up off a mattress, except there was nothing of the sort underneath him. His lungs wouldn’t fill completely from the tightness around his ribcage. There wasn’t a sky above him; he could see he was inside somewhere, yet it wasn’t a room. The wall beside him looked to be made of rough stone but was as soft as the floor, and his hand sank slightly when he pushed against it.
Calder appeared and put an oxygen tank on the floor beside Seth, handing a mask to him and telling him to breathe deeply.
“I had this for Ralla when she was ready to come this far in,” Calder said plainly. “She had promise, but her conviction was weak. Perhaps you’ll have more determination to go further than she did.”
Seth had to lower the mask to speak. “I’m not staying with you. You’re sending me home.”
“You still call that place your home? How pathetic.”
If he’d stopped to retort, Seth would’ve lost another valuable breath. 
“You want to go home to a liar, do you?” Calder continued callously. “You want to live with the woman who’s pretended to be your mother?”
Seth rose to the jab and lowered the mask again. “Who is my real mother? What happened to her?”
“I’ve no knowledge of where she is. I can tell you she was as old as you are now when she had you. Her staunchly religious parents forced her to keep you with the intent to raise you as their son while passing her off as your older sister. She and I had a good talk before she agreed to hand you over. She said your father had no interest in raising you once he knew; you were already an afterthought in his mind. I offered to erase all existence of you from her memory, and she would return to her life as if she’d never had you. She was happy to make you disappear; she’d wanted to do this from the very start. So, as you can see, I saved you from another existence riddled with lies. I saved you from the judgements of those self-righteous people.”
Seth checked the gauge on the tank, reading it was relatively full for now. He’d have to conserve his breathing unless Calder had another tank, which Seth very much doubted.
“Can you change it?” Seth said quickly. “Make her remember me and tell me where to find her?”
“I can’t reverse any of my spells, Seth. It’s all permanent. There has to be cause and effect. There has to be consequence. Undoing all the wrongs means you never learn from them. That was what I was trying to teach Josie, and she still failed to learn and accept it.” 
“Why did you choose her?”
“She struck me as the sort to never appreciate anything. I made a game of granting wishes people didn’t even voice; little pleas to the universe I heard when no other being was around to listen. Three chances seemed the fairest amount to grant anyone. I tend to grow weary from time to time, and these things keep me amused.”
Seth wasted another breath to ask, “Why Ralla?”
“I’d been toying with the idea of raising a human child within the Other, to see if I could pass my gifts on to them. Around the time I was deciding on the payment I wanted for Josie’s final wish, I discovered she’d fallen pregnant. It fit into my other plan so perfectly — it was practically fate. I couldn’t take a child who’d known its parents. I had to give them everything, so they would trust me implicitly. My biggest mistake was telling Ralla who her mother was.”
Seth still needed one more piece of information. “Have you done this before?”
“Many times, over the years. Once to a rich man who’d had no consideration for others. I rescued him from financial ruin, and when he squandered his newfound wealth as quickly as his old, I decided he was to repay me with his life. I did consider killing Josie as well. I much prefer what I did to her. Though, she did surpass my expectations. I was tickled to discover she’s come to love you as much as she does Ralla.”
Oxygen was more important than Seth’s need to ask if this were true.
“Very interesting, considering she begged me to take you and not Ralla.”
The mask stopped fogging up, and Seth was searching for Josie’s mention of this during her confession; he could’ve blanked it out in his rage and confusion. But that moment was still clear in his memory and he was sure she’d never said it. 
“Ah, she never told you, did she?” Calder noted with a smile. “She covered that bit up. See, that’s the problem with liars. It works for them once, and they get a taste for it. Then they’re never completely honest with you again. Sickening.”
Seth’s head was now light, and he couldn’t sit up anymore. He pulled the band over his skull and positioned the mask firmly on his face, breathing steadily to combat the fear that now stood beside his disillusionment. 
“Josie might try to find you, Seth, but she won’t get anywhere. I’ve brought you too far from the boundary for any person from the Concrete to come in and save you without choking to death. So now you have a choice. You can lay there and die, or you can let me teach you how to survive here.”
His real mother didn’t want him, his fake mother couldn’t find him, and he’d been left at the mercy of some lunatic who could walk through walls. Dying here was a choice, an appealing one now he’d discovered just how unwanted he truly was. 
But he still had Nick. He still had a shot. Seth decided he could use Calder to learn to survive and then find a way out on his own. 







It was unsettling for Josie to be once again transported by pure magic to another place entirely. Papalia’s butterflies had swept her up into darkness, but she’d been more aware of the shifting of time within this space. Calder’s method had been more akin to a blow to the head.
Her cheek was now pressed against soil, and some grains had gotten into her open mouth. She moved cautiously, seeing nothing unusual around her as she got to her feet. She was in a clearing of normal looking trees, devoid of enchantment. She’d hoped Papalia would take a risk and bring them straight to the Other, so their journey could begin there. 
Nearby, Ralla was already standing, looking less disoriented than Josie felt. Nick was brushing the dirt from his jeans and getting his bearings, and Papalia was walking away. 
“Hurry along,” she called. “The house is not far.”
Papalia was quick on her tiny feet, while Ralla was obviously trying not to break into a run. Nick was inching ahead of them all, Josie meanwhile stepping over the undergrowth with too much haste, the odd misstep or loose root impeding her and making her trip. 
They came upon the house at last. It was a rickety building that looked moments from collapsing. This had been Ralla’s childhood home. The damp that attacked the walls had leached out in patches over the front. The foundation also seemed too soft, and the house itself was on a discernible angle. Repairs wouldn’t have saved it; it needed to be torn down. 
Josie seethed once more imagining Ralla existing in this hovel when she could’ve grown up in a beautiful home in the country.
“We have to go through the house,” Ralla said. “Not around.”
“Then I will leave you here,” Papalia told them. 
“Couldn’t you protect us in there?” Nick asked her. “Can’t your powers help us get further?”
“I cannot go that far in without being caught. Ralla will need to use what she has learnt from Calder to get you as far as she can. The Other is far vaster than it first appears. I believe Calder has taken Seth to some mountains in the north where he won’t be found by those who punished him with exile.”
“If you won’t go with us,” Josie said, stepping forward, “then tell us how to stop Calder once and for all.”
Papalia’s unwillingness to speak angered Nick. “I don’t care what the risk is,” he told her. “I have to find Seth. Just tell me what needs to be done.”
Small as she was, Papalia did not shrink at all from Nick’s looming. “Calder was cursed when he was cast out. Someone must speak his true name to destroy him. I know what it is, but I cannot say it aloud. Not in this realm, or the Other. He was able to tamper with the curse so that if his name was spoken, it would obliterate the boundary and create a rift between these two worlds that would swallow them both whole. It’s the only reason I’ve not spoken it to defeat him.”
Josie moved away from the others and considered this threat. Calder wasn’t selfless enough to care what happened to the Concrete world, and if he’d been kicked out of the Other, there was no way he’d still have loyalty to this place and its inhabitants.
“He’s lied to you,” Josie said assuredly. “You can say his name, and I guarantee nothing will happen.”
“No,” Papalia said, just as surely. “I don’t believe he’d lie about something like this.”
“Well, I do. I think it means nothing. I think you could shout his true name from the highest mountain and you’d only have it echoed back to you.”
“Josie, don’t be stupid,” Nick said irritably. “You don’t know what you’re messing with.”
“I think she’s right,” Ralla interjected. “Think of all the lies he’s held over me just to keep me with him. Maybe the consequence of speaking his name is to him and no one else. Or maybe, there is no consequence at all.” 
She went to Papalia and took the old woman’s hands. “Whisper his name to me,” she implored. “Just once, in my ear.”
Papalia’s uncertainty caused the tension to hang in the air around them. Leaning in, she put her lips up close to Ralla’s ear and cupped her hands around her mouth to whisper something. 
Ralla then smiled.
Nick had braced himself for nothing, and Josie kept her gloating to herself. In the same moment, Papalia sagged with her own visible relief.
“Thank you, Papalia,” Ralla said gratefully.
“Be careful, Ralla. The Other will drain you of much of your strength. Remember to pull and push the distance in bursts; don’t do it all at once. Conserve your energy, and keep your family close to you.”
“I will.”
Papalia kissed Ralla’s cheek ever so lightly. “Good luck.”
“Will I see you again?”
Papalia only made a tiny, mysterious smile for Ralla. 
Nick was heading into the house, Josie hesitating a moment to watch Papalia toddle away towards the woods. Josie took one last glance back before she went in to see a scattering of butterflies ascend into the air in perfect silence.
Going inside, Josie’s eyes were slow to adjust to the gloom within, and the smells of the house were an affront to her nostrils. “I can’t believe he raised you in this goddamn dump,” she said to Ralla with her wrist under her nose.
Nick was searching for something, pushing away the ratty-looking couches and lifting the short table off the floor. “Is there anything in here we can use to get us through this place any quicker? And safer?” 
“I’m not sure,” Ralla said. “He has a secret room upstairs I couldn’t get into.”
Nick was off up the stairs without any regard to their possible collapse. Josie explored the kitchen with the same disgust she’d reserved for the living room. Opening the fridge, she got a strong whiff of the malodorous rotting food inside, tasting the scent in the back of her throat and gagging as she slammed the door closed.
“Jesus! I’ve had housemates less revolting than this!”
Ralla must’ve been too used to the smell. She was completely unaffected. “He doesn’t eat the food. I doubt he’s taken anything to Seth.”
A sudden crash upstairs had Josie fleeing to the top landing. Nick had managed to kick in the locked door of Calder’s study, a relatively easy feat when Josie noticed the wood around the lock had softened with rot. 
Within the study was a large desk with a map spread out on it. Josie examined it, quickly seeing it as a standard roadmap, and recognising certain places and streets. She was disappointed it wasn’t a map of the Other.
“Why would he need a roadmap?” Josie asked.
“He said he hated drifting around looking for what he needed,” Ralla told her. “Obviously, he didn’t want me getting to it and figuring it out, so he kept it locked in here.”
“Would he have any maps of the Other?”
“No need. He knows the place like the back of his hand.”
Behind them, Nick lifted a white sheet spotted with mould stains. “Oxygen tanks?”
“For what?” Josie asked, seeing two tanks complete with masks.
“For whoever Calder wanted to take into the Other who wasn’t like him,” Ralla explained.
“My dad had one at home,” Nick said as he was checking out the tanks. “I used to help him with it a lot. They’re both full, but I have no idea how long they’ll last out there.”
“You take them,” Ralla said to Nick and Josie. “I can go without.”
“We’ll share when we need to,” Josie replied firmly, refusing to allow Ralla to perform this act of bravado. “Seth will need some as well.”
“I’ll do what I can to fold the distance; I just won’t be as fast as Calder,” Ralla then said, Josie hearing a hint of shame in her voice. “I was only just getting the hang of vanishing.”
Nick slung one of the tanks over his shoulder, and he passed the other to Josie. She’d yet to see anything bizarre or amazing; the ordinariness of the house had offered her a false sense of security, and perhaps a touch of arrogance. 
How bad can this place be?
They needed more than just the tanks out there. Back in the kitchen, Josie found some empty plastic bottles and filled them with the water from the tap, taking a drink now her mouth was too dry. She instantly tasted the rust from the rainwater tank outside. Ralla brought her a tatty old bag to carry the bottles in. 
“We’ll have to go without food,” Josie told Nick. “There’s nothing salvageable in that fridge.”
“There’s no food out there?” Nick asked Ralla.
Ralla shook her head. “No. And the nearest body of water is beyond the mountains.”
“We’ll just have to make do with what we have and hope this doesn’t take too long,” Josie said.
Ralla took them to the back door. “Everything will look solid, but it’s not. You’ll need to adjust your steps to the softness of the ground.”
“You mean like when you walk on the beach?” Nick asked.
“Yes and no. You’ll see what I mean. I can’t say where or when the air will be less breathable.”
“We’ll be able to tell,” Josie assured her. “We’re better prepared for it now.”
Ralla pulled back the ratty lace curtain covering the window on the back door, showing Nick and Josie the strangeness of the Other. The swirling colours danced over every surface, and there were forms resembling those in the Concrete, but on sight, it all appeared fluid. Josie had the sensation of seasickness, the horizon not stationary enough for her to steady her vision. When she glanced upwards, Josie saw the sky of the Other was a gentle hue of lilac, its thinly-stretched clouds an odd shade of yellow. 
Ralla opened the door, and Josie felt like she was about to take the first steps on the moon, only her foot fell upon not rock but the pillowy ground that sank from her weight, disrupting her balance. Nick took her by the arm when he’d adjusted to the surface, his gait steadier than hers. Prideful, she refused to lean on him, demanding of herself the same level of adaptation Nick had acquired. 
Ralla beat them both. The ground was solid to her, and she took confident strides with no bounce in her step. Josie blinked and suddenly Ralla was too far ahead, given the speed she’d been walking.
“Slow down, Ralla!” Josie shouted.
“I’m trying to fold. I won’t go too far.”
“We don’t want to lose you!” Nick hollered after her. “Maybe if we just pretended this was a trampoline, we’ll keep up with her,” he suggested to Josie.
“Yeah, but how far up would we go before we went forward?”
“We could try running.”
The weight of the tanks and the strain on their legs from the soft ground made running more of a chore than it should’ve been for the distance they travelled. Josie wasn’t unfit, yet in less than ten metres she was now out of breath like she’d been sprinting.
Ralla waited for them to catch up. “You can’t just run on this surface.”
“Honey, you’re going to have to be patient with us,” Josie said between gulps of breath. 
“We don’t have a lot of time. Those mountains have caves you can reach from the base. Calder must’ve taken Seth to one of them.”
Nick took stock of the distance. “It’s too far. We won’t make it there by nightfall.”
“We can if I fold the ground.”
“How does that even work?” Nick asked with notable dubiousness. 
“I use my front foot to bring the ground towards my back foot. If I concentrate, it can happen very fast, and you’ll need to take bigger strides to make it from one fold to another. I’ve managed to do it before, but you have to stay close to me, or I might leave you behind.”
“Okay, we’ll see how far we can get.” Josie had more faith in Ralla than Nick did. She had to defer to her daughter’s understanding of this place. 
This time, Josie didn’t know better; Ralla was the authority here. She had to guide them.
Josie still foolishly assumed this folding would be not unlike a moving walkway in an airport. To her mind, Ralla was taking normal steps, but in reality — such as it was here — she made decent strides with her front foot, pulling the ground backwards as her back foot pushed it forwards, just as she’d described. Nick tried to copy her steps and he stumbled over a fold.
“Let me bring the ground to you,” Ralla instructed. “Think of it as stepping stones.”
Her tutelage took effect on Nick, and Josie gradually got the hang of stepping over each fold without losing her balance. In their efforts to concentrate, she had lost focus on the mountains, which were now towering over them. 
“Wow…” she muttered, impressed even with her seasickness worsening. 
“Are you still breathing okay?” Ralla asked her.
Josie took a deep breath without too much struggle. “I’m okay. Nick?”
“Yeah, I’m good. How many caves are in those mountains?”
“Not many, I believe,” Ralla said as she inspected the mountainside. “Calder can negotiate rough terrain here better than I can, and he can always move on the air as smoke, if he needs to.”
“What could he be doing with Seth?” Josie wondered aloud.
“He might be my replacement in Calder’s experiment,” Ralla postulated. “He’s discontent with only existing in this world. Papalia said he wants the best parts of both. But I can’t say to what end.”
“He could’ve taken any child.” Josie had been stuck on this argument even after Ralla’s return and it was getting stronger now Calder had taken Seth. “He could’ve stolen me as a kid instead of manipulating my life.”
“It’s a means of keeping him amused,” explained Ralla to Josie. “You were part of the experiment too. I’ve come to realise his needs are genuinely selfish. He thrives on manipulation, and he needs a challenge. I believe now he simply became so bored and frustrated with the limitations of this realm, and so disgusted with the limitations of the Concrete, that he wanted to find some harmony or equilibrium between the two. Seth may have been right about Calder not wanting me to become more powerful than him.”
“I have no qualms with that, Ralla,” Josie replied. “I’d love it if you had the jump on him.”
“But I do,” she said with a cunning smile that eerily matched Calder’s. “I know his name, and I’m sure it’s his weakness. We haven’t needed magic or weapons to stop him. Turns out, all we needed was wit.”
Josie was overcome with pride for Ralla. She’d never been as helpless as they’d made her out to be. She possessed all the courage Josie could ever hope to obtain, and she was strides ahead of Calder’s cunning, where Josie had let herself fall drastically behind. 
Ralla was their hero now. All Josie had to do was trust and follow.

Seth could do nothing without the oxygen mask and he was running out of air now Calder was training him with unbearable tenacity. He’d made attempts to turn invisible, first working on his hand like Ralla had done and getting nowhere. He had to go without food and water too, Calder refusing to fetch him anything until he’d at least mastered one skill.
“Your bodies are your biggest enemy,” Calder said. 
To Seth, this was a reprimand rather than an observation. 
“Where are the rest of them?” Seth asked. He was talking through the mask constantly, he couldn’t afford to remove it now he was investing his physical energy in trying to disappear. “The people like you. Where are they?”
“On the other side of this mountain range.”
Calder brought his impressive frame down to the floor to rest on his knees, and Seth watched him burrow with his bony fingers until the depression yielded a gross-smelling gas. Calder then took a flint from his pocket to ignite the gas, a small blue flame sparking up and illuminating the cave. Seth could’ve huddled by it for warmth. He was freezing now, and his bones were aching, but the flame’s duty was to provide light — and nothing more. 
“I’m not supposed to be here,” Calder said quietly. “I was thrown out for rebelling against the laws of this domain. I’ve been cursed, but I’ve fought my way back, and now I’m here in secret. I brought Ralla here to prove to the ones who threw me out that anyone from the Concrete could learn to be like us, and if we could take some sort of form in the Concrete, there would be no reason for us to remain here. I was going to show those ignoramuses how to exist freely within the Concrete.”
“You want to invade the Concrete? Is that it?” 
Seth was still prying Calder for answers. He wasn’t about to leave the Other without learning more than the Concrete could ever tell him. Documenting all this would have to be done when he got home. If he ever did. 
“My kind aren’t interested in taking over your world, Seth. They have as much disdain for it as I do. But I’ve come to appreciate what it has to offer, and I want to find out if I can live as I can here in your realm. I’ll fold the distances like I do here. I’ll find a way to mess with time. I’ll keep playing with minds like I did with Josie’s. The boundary will be my gateway and I’ll come and go as I please. When those who’ve shunned me realise all I’ve done, they’ll beg to know how to do the same. Ralla was going to be my evidence.”
“Then you should’ve taken her.”
“Had your so-called father not shot at me so brutishly, I’d have given Josie more of a chance to decide which one of you she was willing to lose. Still, you know in your broken heart she’d have picked her true child.”
“You think you can still hurt me with that?” Seth said darkly. “I know I’m unwanted. What it means is I’m free now to do as I like. I’ll learn to be like you, and I’ll go out and mess with people like they screwed with me. Maybe I’ll be the one to get the revenge on Josie you never could. Maybe I’ll be the one to hurt her more than you did.”
His little speech sucked up more of his oxygen, and now his pigheaded pride was becoming his downfall. 
“You sound determined,” said Calder, unmoved by Seth’s boldness. “Pity you can’t show it.”
Calder was nothing to Seth but another irritated teacher out to embarrass him for his shortcomings. The accumulation of his frustration and shame may have worked to motivate him to prove Calder wrong, had he not been so weakened. His body was shutting down and he wanted to sleep. The floor of the cave was as soft as a lumpy old mattress; he didn’t need a pillow. Calder checked the tank, tapping the gauge and grumbling to himself.
“You’re just as useless to me as Ralla. You won’t be going anywhere. I’ll return soon with your precious food and oxygen.”
As if he was showing off his powers, Calder manipulated his cells into a body of thin smoke and drifted off towards the mouth of the cave. Seth took in as many deep breaths as he could manage in his fragile state, rising to his feet and dragging the tank along with him. The weight of it was still cumbersome, and his feet shuffled but wouldn’t lift. 
The walls were too soft for there to be a resounding echo; it was like being in a pillowcase with no opening. Ralla said there was a sun in this world. Finding it would perhaps give him direction; he just had to get outside.
Seth’s posturing and arrogance over wanting to hurt Josie hadn’t been entirely faked. Calder’s attack on him and Ralla had been abrupt and brutal, Seth losing valuable seconds trying to determine what to do. Standing between Ralla and Calder had been a pointless method of combat against someone who could throw an entire person across the room with the flick of their wrist. 
In Calder’s company, Seth discovered this monster was soulless. He was devastatingly maligned, yet he didn’t seem wicked or crazy. He derived pleasure from seeing his victims squirm for as long as possible. He had patience when it came to his meddling, but that wasn’t evident in his teachings. He demanded immediate results from Seth.
He’ll kill you before you learn anything.
Ralla would’ve died here. Now Seth had to make a run for it. His insubordinate legs hindered his escape, his knees trying to betray him by bending to bring him to the ground. He’d no sense of direction in this place. For all he knew, he could’ve been tracking further into the caverns. This must’ve been a cave in the mountains Ralla described, and she’d never journeyed this far in. Without being outside, he had no way to determine where he was in relation to the boundary. He was more likely to collapse on the mountainside than find a path to the bottom. 
Falling forward onto his hands, Seth groaned and clutched his empty gut. 
“Did you honestly think you’d get very far?” Calder asked. 
He’d materialised before Seth with a plastic bag dripping with rotten food. Infuriated, Calder threw the bag to the side where it connected with a sickening splat against the wall of the tunnel.
“They’re here,” Calder announced. “I found my private study ransacked when I returned to fetch the tanks. They’ve taken the rest of them. I’ve none left to give you.”
“Why do you even care what happens to me?”
Calder could still hear Seth’s whispering from behind the mask. “I don’t. I thought you might show some potential, but I see now my expectations were too high. You may as well make yourself comfortable. They’re not going to find you.”
Every cell in Seth’s body was now screaming for air. His blood was thinning, and without water, he was drying up from the inside out. He’d be a husk by the time anyone showed up to save him. He gave in to his exhaustion, now that the last of his hope had been sucked from him.
Calder then grabbed Seth by the scruff of his neck and dragged him back into the cave like a fresh kill he intended to gut and consume by a fire. 
***
At the foot of the mountains, Ralla searched for a suitable path upwards. Folding her way up wasn’t possible without bringing more of the mountain down on top of her, and while Nick and Josie had come much further than Ralla thought they could, she knew they’d not get that far up. They were downplaying their weariness in their relentless drive to save Seth. 
Ralla blamed herself entirely for Seth’s disappearance. Nick shooting at Calder did do more harm than good, though Ralla didn’t have a moment to be bitter about that. She was the one with the power to stop it. She could’ve done something and not stood there, stuck by Calder’s menacing gaze.
“I’ll go on from here,” she said at last to Josie.
“Ralla, you can’t,” Josie answered. “We can’t be separated. You’ll need us with you.”
“I can climb this mountain faster than you. There’s an entrance to the caverns up there. I can see it from here.”
“What if you get lost?” Nick asked. 
“If I can’t find anything, I’ll come straight back down. You both need to rest and save the oxygen. Climbing will only wear you out.”
Josie was more apprehensive than Nick. “What about Calder? You can’t face him alone.”
“I can this time.”
“Let me go with you, at least. I should be the one to deal with him.”
Ralla returned to Josie’s side. “No. I need you to save your strength to help me get Seth home. You know this is the way it has to be.” 
Josie’s acceptance was vital to Ralla’s plan; she wouldn’t be swayed on this no matter how strong Josie’s conviction was. 
“You have to trust me,” Ralla persisted.
Though she shook her head and sighed, Josie still said, “Alright. But please be careful.”
“I will. I promise.”
Ralla tested the first bumpy steps up the trail, her foot sagging again. She skipped with the lightest tread, staying on her toes to avoid planting her heels into the mountainside. She gathered her powers and depended upon the magic of the Other, the way she’d been too afraid to before. 
Act like you belong here.
The mountain thought otherwise, its surface slackening from her weight. She fell forward and used her hands to crawl along, clawing and scratching at the soft rocks to hang on and pull herself up. 
Spotting a ledge above her, Ralla hauled herself up and clambered onto her knees, stupidly looking behind her as she stood to see she was terrifyingly high up. The view from this vantage point gave her an entirely new image of the Other. She saw now that the dense forest covered most of the land to the west, thinning out further down the mountain range. To the east, the plain beside which they’d crossed was blanketed in waves of peach-coloured grass, the blades now lacking the sparkle normally induced by the daylight. 
Ralla took in the seemingly infinite landscape, searching for the house and realising it was obscured by the forest. The boundary’s gate was contained within the house itself; it did not expand as a common border between here and the Concrete. 
To finally survey the Other this way, with all its colour and vastness combined, Ralla felt small and close to powerless; not at all suffused with a sense of wonder. Her breath was not stolen by this glorious vista, and she had no wish to stop and take in every detail. 
All she could think of was her weariness, and how insignificant this place was to her now. The peak of the mountain above her was still too high for her to climb over. Whatever lay beyond it would have to remain a mystery.
She’d underestimated herself and gone much further than she’d realised, reaching the mouth of the lowest cave. Time had still betrayed her by disappearing, the azure sun now sinking behind the mountains to steal the pale daylight from her. 
Venturing into the cave regardless, Ralla ignored the thoughts she had of what might lie within. The air was dry and chilled, the shadows blending with the darkness further in and killing the mix of colours that had danced outside in the sun. 
“I need more light,” she said uselessly to the shadows. 
Each step she took from the mouth of the cave took another piece of light from her. She forced her eyes to adjust to the dimness, but she couldn’t see far enough to know if there was a dead-end or tunnel elsewhere. 
A quick pulse of light caught her eye, and she stilled to watch for it, holding her breath and gasping once she saw it resting on the low roof above her. Creatures much like fireflies dwelt within these caves; this was one of the few facts about the mountains Calder had imparted. As slowly as she could, Ralla raised her fingertip to touch the light and wake the creature. Out of retaliation, the tiny orb shot down and attacked her face. 
“I’m sorry! I just need some light.”
The orb shot forward and flooded the cavern with a bluish light, Ralla chasing it before it got too far. Running on her toes, she followed the light down a string of tunnels, taking the same turns it did and not paying attention to her surrounds. The light darted straight ahead and hovered in one place briefly before spiralling down and landing on the ground. Settled now, it swelled to fill the space with a soft glow. 
“Where to now?” Ralla breathed.
The light’s reply was to sit where it was. Ralla went to give it some encouragement, just hearing a voice coming from the left of her. The light wouldn’t travel with her; she’d have to depend on the voice to guide her. 
The timbre and pace of it belonged to Calder, but without a response, Ralla thought he was talking to himself. That was wishful thinking. 
Seth was there, and he could no longer speak. 
Ralla entered the cavern, throwing aside her trepidation to see Seth curled up in the corner with a plastic mask over his mouth and an oxygen tank beside him. Calder’s source of light was a blue flame fuelled by a vent of gas from inside the mountain. From where he stood, the flame still left his face shrouded in more shadow.
“You’re here alone?” Calder asked.
“Josie and Nick are waiting for me at the bottom of the mountain. I’ve come to take Seth home.”
“He won’t survive the journey back, Ralla. You’re too late to do anything.”
“Then you’ll help me get him to safety.”
Calder found this amusing. “Oh, will I? What could you do for me that would make me do anything for you? You ran from me, after all I did for you.”
Ralla crouched by Seth and tried to rouse him. “Come on, Seth. We have to go.”
“You’re wasting your time,” Calder reiterated.
She faced him, staying protectively beside Seth. “I have a bargain for you now. Or rather, a wager. If I can guess your true name, you’ll send all of us home in one piece and never bother us again.”
“And if you cannot?”
“You get to keep me forever, and you can land Josie in prison for her crime.” 
Throwing Josie into the deal was the only way to make it appealing enough for Calder to agree. Ralla was more than confident she had the key to stopping him. Telling Josie her idea was pointless; it would’ve caused too much alarm and Ralla needed to keep her wits about her. 
Seth began to wake, the mask fogging up as he uttered Ralla’s name. 
“Keep still,” she told him. “I’ll get you out of here.”
“So Papalia was bold enough to tell you my name, was she?” Calder said.
“She was when I proved to her you were lying about the consequences. You held it over her when she could’ve defeated you years ago.”
“How do you know for sure she wasn’t lying to you? She could have fed you any name and you’d have still believed her. You trust her too readily, Ralla. It’s her fault Seth is here now. She should have left you here with me.”
“She hasn’t got a reason to lie to me. I haven’t hurt her the way you have. I didn’t lure her from her home for my own selfish purposes and leave her out in the cold.”
Calder came at Ralla from around the fire and pulled her up by her hair. She squirmed and cried out as he yanked her away from Seth.
 “Papalia betrayed me!” Calder barked at Ralla. “She confessed my dealings with the Concrete to our rulers and had us both cast out of here. All she needed to do was keep our secret, but her frail conscience got the better of her. We were going to conquer this realm together. I would have given her everything! But then she went behind my back, and had the gall to rob me of you and bar me from reaching you.”
“She hates you!” Ralla cried. “I hate you! You’ve done nothing for me!”
“You’re as ungrateful as your mother.”
Calder tossed Ralla like a rag doll across the cavern, the fire suddenly bursting up to catch the hem of her shirt and set it alight. The flame nipped at her skin and she whimpered as she patted it out with her palm. Weeping now, she shrank against the wall, Calder stalking upon her. 
“You’re all so ungrateful,” he bemoaned. “You were going to be wonderful, Ralla. You were going to help me prove to the fools of this world that we are capable of so much more.”
“But I would never be free,” she said bitterly. “I don’t want your powers. I never truly did. All I would’ve done with them was escape. Your plan would’ve backfired.” 
Calder was reaching towards her again.
“Come any closer,” she warned, “and I’ll say your name.”
“You don’t know it,” he sneered. “Papalia lied to you to protect herself from me. She’s sent you on a fool’s errand knowing you’d fail here. I should have squashed her heart when I had it in my hand.”
“Yet you didn’t. You loved her once, and you couldn’t bring yourself to hurt her.”
Calder struck Ralla’s cheek with the flat of his hand. “What would you know of it! Have you come here for that boy out of love, or out of guilt for ruining his life?”
“I’m the only one who can save him.”
“Are you now? How can you be so sure of yourself? Where was all this conviction and bravery when you were here with me?”
“I had to leave to learn it. Papalia saved me from you.”
“She led you to suffering, Ralla. The kind of suffering you can only know in the Concrete. You didn’t heed my warnings. You never listened!”
“She hurt you,” Ralla whispered harshly. “Your pain has made you vicious. But I can hurt you more.”
Calder lunged at her once more to grab her by the throat and lift her over the flame. Her sandalled feet dangled as the flame gobbled more of the gas and flared upwards, burning the skin of her bare ankles and shins as she kicked frantically to escape the heat. Her wriggling didn’t help relinquish her from Calder’s ironclad grip.
“Stop it!” she choked.
“Go on then, you measly little thing. Hurt me.”
Another lick of the flames scorched her. The pain infuriated her, and she gritted her teeth, knowing only one way to free herself from his grasp.
With all the concentration she could muster, Ralla firmly closed her eyes and willed her body to evaporate. The fabric of her jeans was singeing, and the smell of burning cotton shocked her, forcing her to put all her focus into vanishing. Calder’s hand ceased its press on her windpipe, and though her eyes weren’t really there, she could still see by the surprise on his face that she had succeeded.
Now out of his clutches, she could drift around him in this smoky form. He swiped at her as though she was a swarm of gnats come to harass him. Cunningly, Ralla broke apart and swirled around him as his fingers disrupted her wisps.
“You cheat!” he shouted. “Only now do you bother to use my gifts and prove your worth. I should’ve burned you like this sooner.”
 Ralla gathered herself up into a cloud, drifted up to his ear and whispered, “The only cheat here is you, Iraldon.”
Calder’s rage departed, and his astonishment returned. His true name was choking him now, his neck tight and his flesh shrinking against his bones as his veins conversely bulged, ready to burst. Ralla drifted around him as he shrank to his knees, imploring with his eyes for her to stop what his name had started. 
“Papalia would never lie to me. I knew this name was of no consequence to anyone but you. Your weapon is fear itself; simple intimidation. It can only work on a weak mind, or a frail heart. Your lies had to be your undoing.” 
As Ralla spoke, she reordered herself into solidity, first by her feet and legs, working up through her torso to her arms and neck. Her face was the final thing to reappear. “I just wish I’d known this sooner, so I could have put a stop to you.” 
Calder’s last garbled words were strangled with him. His skin faded along with his grey muscle to expose his pearl-white bones. Ralla stepped behind his skeleton and blew gently upon his crown, causing the powdery form to crumble. As if it were still hungry for fuel, the blue flame caught a taste of the powder and rose to swallow it up.
Now Ralla’s flesh had returned, her pain was evident. Her wounds would have to wait, no matter how excruciating they’d become. When she went to lift Seth to carry him, she wasn’t able to move him far. There was nothing around her she could fashion into a stretcher. 
You’re stronger than this.
Resolute now, Ralla wrapped her fingers around Seth’s arm, bowing her head and imagining her body turning to air. She called for every inch of her flesh to become weightless, and she forced the same will upon Seth to alter his body. 
As they disappeared, she melded them into one cloud, still able to see and command this cloud to find an egress. She’d transformed all their cells into smoke; she would need to reorder herself and Seth once they were safely at the bottom of the mountain. She had to remember what was hers, and where he was in her cloud. It took immense concentration — far more than she’d needed to slip free of Calder — to keep them separate and still together as they moved. She realised now she could only do this because she truly wanted to. 
On the mountainside in the cold darkness, the chill impeded Ralla, and a sharp gust of wind disordered her cloud, breaking it apart. Without enough power to contain it, she regained her solid form in midair with her hand still around Seth’s arm. His weight made them instantly drop and they tumbled down the mountain, landing on a ledge beside each other, Seth nearly toppling off the edge. 
Ralla barely grabbed Seth in time to pull him back.
“Ralla! Is that you?”
She crawled to the edge to see Nick at the bottom, yelling up at her. She was still too high up and she couldn’t bring Seth down to him.
“I need help!” she called. “I can’t carry him the rest of the way.”
Ignoring Josie’s attempt to stop him, Nick immediately began tracing his way up the mountainside, clawing at the rocks as Ralla had done to reach the ledge. Ralla waited for him to come as close as he could, and she reached down to pull him up.
“What happened to him?” Nick asked as he looked Seth over. 
“He’s running out of air. Do we have much left in the tanks?”
“I hope so.” 
Nick gathered Seth in his arms and carried him to the ledge, peering down at Josie. He then shouted to her to get out of the way.
“What are you doing?” Ralla cried.
“Making a leap of faith.”
Giving Ralla no time to stop him, Nick jumped out from the ledge and pitched himself backwards to land and slide down the mountain, his arms keeping hold of Seth better than Ralla had. The ground below cushioned their fall and Josie rushed over to help them up. As this happened, Ralla made her way down with more caution, hopping over the larger bumps and crevices to reach the bottom. 
Josie was tending to Seth with one of the other oxygen tanks, sitting him up and telling him to breathe as deeply as he could.
“Where’s Calder?” Nick asked Ralla.
“It worked. He’s gone.”
“Thank God,” Josie sighed.
Ralla’s burns intensified and she winced from the sting. Nick saw her scorched clothes and reddening skin.
“What happened to you?” Nick asked her, horrified.
“He held me over a fire.”
“You need clean water to cool the burns or your skin will blister.” Nick dug out one of the plastic bottles. He and Josie had drunk half of one between them, and Ralla didn’t want him wasting the rest on her wound.
“Leave it,” she said. “Seth needs it more. He’s been starved up there and Calder didn’t bring him any water.”
“How long have we all been away?” Josie asked, alarmed.
“I’ve folded time and distance to get us here, so the time he spent with Calder since they left the Concrete was longer than it took for us to even get to the boundary. He’s most likely been up there for more than a day.”
“But we’ve not been in the Other that long, have we?” Josie asked, now baffled. “The sun only went down just now.”
“It’s been much longer than that,” Ralla replied, rapidly losing her patience. “It’s a consequence of folding. I’ve stolen that time from you, but Seth was still stuck with it.”
“Can you get us back the same way?” asked Nick.
“I can try.”
“What about when we get out into the woods?” Josie reminded them. “How will we get home from there?”
“We can’t stay here much longer, Josie. Seth won’t make it,” Nick argued. “We’ll just have to figure it out when we get to the other side. At least he’ll be able to breathe better there.”
Seth was just able to walk with Nick supporting him and Josie carrying the tanks. With every stride Ralla made, Nick had to lift Seth over each fold. 
Ralla had to ignore the rising pain her burns were causing with her footfalls. She couldn’t rush the others for this, who were growing weaker still for their efforts. The tanks weren’t going to last them all another hour. 
Ralla kept checking the horizon for the house and couldn’t recognise it for the rubble it had become. It was completely demolished, the boards of the walls and floors jutting out every which way as though a tornado had passed through and callously ripped the place apart.
“What happened to the house?” Josie asked her.
“I don’t know. All I know is there’s no other way to cross the boundary now. It was the only gateway. Now it’s closed.”
Ralla’s victory over Calder had birthed this new catastrophe. Downtrodden and still wincing from her pain, she searched desperately for a solution. Her fretting scrambled her thoughts, and without a plan, she felt defeated. Almost in tears now, she turned from everyone in shame. They were going to die here.
“Ralla, it’s not your fault,” Josie said when she was at Ralla’s side. 
She could sense her mother’s weariness, and now Ralla would have to watch her new family suffocate to death because of her. Seth was crippled, and Nick had lost whatever strength he’d had left. 
She’d failed them.
“If I’d known this would happen, I wouldn’t have gotten rid of him. I don’t know what to do now.” 
Josie brought Ralla into her arms. “You didn’t know this would happen.”
Comfort wasn’t what she needed. There wasn’t time for it. 
Ralla broke away from Josie and regarded the rubble again. She’d never questioned how the boundary worked; she’d always accepted the house was the only way through to the Other. But what was a gateway really? Nothing but a door. 
“We don’t need the house,” she said confidently. “We just need to make a doorway.” 
She set about trying to lift one of the beams, the splinters pinching her palms, and she ignored them in her determination. Though he was struggling now, Nick came to her aid, telling Josie to stay with Seth. 
“Building an archway would take too long. We can brace two beams against each other,” Nick suggested after he’d surveyed a cluster of broken boards and cracked beams. “Do you think that will be enough?”
“We can only try.”
Just moving the heavier rubble had Ralla’s strength fading, and Nick was soon out of breath. The beams wouldn’t stay against each other and they collapsed the moment they were unsupported by Ralla and Nick’s hands. Desperate and angry, Ralla lifted another beam and tried to keep it steady as she reached for a longer board to hold it up. Nick lost the steam he needed to help and had to give in, the boards refusing to stay up and clattering back down onto the pile of debris.
Ralla was about to scream from her angst. “It’s hopeless.”
Nick all but collapsed beside her. “It was worth a shot.”
“He knew we’d never escape,” she murmured. “He’s beaten us.”
As the first of Ralla’s tears began to fall, Josie made a sudden gasp and told her to look up.
“Let me help,” said a tiny voice. 
Ralla put out her hand to allow the butterfly with the one purple mark on its wing to land on her middle fingertip. Swallowing her tears, Ralla kept as still as she could and waited for Papalia to speak.
“You’ve freed me, Ralla. Speaking his name vanquished him and this has granted me a reprieve. I’ve been allowed to return here at last.”
“Papalia, what happened here?” Ralla asked about the rubble. “Did Calder destroy the house to stop us going back?”
“His demise caused the house to fall and block your only way out. This boundary couldn’t exist without him. But I can get you home, I have strength here I didn’t have in the Concrete. Tell me where you need to go, and I’ll send you there.”
Ralla took Papalia to Seth, instructing Josie and Nick to come closer. She put her hand on Seth’s arm and smiled at him. 
“Take us to where he and I were born,” Ralla told Papalia.
Ralla’s wish was Papalia’s command. Her swarm of butterflies, now more radiant and zestful for Papalia’s new strength, poured down to encircle them all. Ralla clutched Seth’s arm as her vision was stolen, saddened he was too weak to see the butterflies dancing around him, and sure her descriptions wouldn’t capture the sheer beauty of such an astonishing scene.
Once the darkness of the void had lifted, Ralla found herself surrounded by parked cars. She was kneeling on cold asphalt this time, Seth still beside her in Josie’s arms. They’d been left in the parking lot of a large building with a brightly-lit entrance. Puddles had formed haphazardly around the lot from a recent night time shower, and the scent of rain was strong in the air. 
Without hesitation, Nick gathered Seth up again and rushed him inside. While Ralla was quicker than Josie to get her bearings, they both had to run to keep up with Nick. The harsh fluorescent lights inside pierced Ralla’s tired eyes. She saw Seth being lifted onto a gurney and wheeled out of sight, Josie going with him and the doctors.
“We can’t go with them?” Ralla asked as Nick held her back.
“Someone needs to look after your burns, Ralla. We need to find a nurse.”
“I’ll be fine,” she said confidently.
Nick took her aside and looked down at her, his hands on her shoulders. “You don’t have to pretend you’re alright, Ralla. It’s over now. We have to get you healed.”
Ralla waited for another nurse to bandage her burns. Calder’s claim she’d be able to heal her own wounds at will hadn’t been a lie; she just wasn’t as advanced as he was to heal herself. If any of his powers would’ve been of use to her then, this was the only one.
“How did you get these burns?” the young nurse asked Ralla when she arrived, her pretty green eyes full of concern. 
Ralla looked to Nick for help, sensing by his expression the truth wasn’t the best option. 
“I tripped near a fire and the flames caught my clothes a little.”
“More than a little,” the nurse replied, disconcerted. “These could’ve been much worse.”
Ralla let the nurse apply a soothing cream to her skin before her burns were covered with bandages. The stinging still upset her and she tried not to complain. She was left to wait with Nick for news of Seth. Eventually, Josie returned, haggard but relieved.
“They’ve put him on a drip and they’re giving him air. He’s pulled up okay. I told them he’d gotten lost while he was out riding his bike and the cold had gotten to his lungs. The look I got from the doctor, though… I know he didn’t believe me.”
“But it wasn’t your fault,” Ralla said. “You should’ve told them he was taken.”
“Ralla, the truth isn’t going to do much good right now,” Nick said quietly. “The police might get involved and they can’t go out looking for Calder. He’s been dealt with.” 
“We have to keep lying about this, don’t we?” Ralla said, dismally.
“There’s no shame in that, Ralla,” Josie said as she glanced down at Ralla’s bandaged feet with weepy eyes. “How could I have let this happen to you?”
“You’re not the one who hurt me,” Ralla said innocently. “It was Calder.”
“But it is my fault,” Josie murmured. “All of this is my fault. If I’d just…” She was interrupted by someone coming up behind them.
It was Lacey, full of shock and confusion as she approached them. “Josie? Oh my god! Where have you been? I’ve been trying to reach you since yesterday.”
“Josie and I had been in the city with my sister,” Nick quickly explained. “Seth just ran into some trouble with his bike. That’s why we’re here.”
Ralla knew Josie wanted to deflect the conversation when she asked Lacey, “Are you here because of Carl?”
“They had to admit him the other day. I couldn’t come to work because he was sick, but I couldn’t get a hold of you to tell you.”
“Sorry. It’s been really chaotic.”
“What happened to you?” Lacey was now staring at Ralla’s bandages. 
“She and Seth had to make a small fire while they waited by the road,” Nick replied just as steadily as before. “It got late and you know how cold it is out on the flats at night.” 
“I tripped near the fire and it scorched me a little.”
“Luckily, she was out there with him,” Josie continued effortlessly. “She managed to flag down help to get him here.”
“Yeah, that does sound lucky,” Lacey muttered, sounding unconvinced by their tale.
“If you’re heading off, can you take Josie and Ralla home?” Nick asked Lacey. “I’ll stay here with Seth for the night.”
“Sure, Nick. No problem.”
Josie stayed to hug Nick and kiss him goodbye, and Ralla hobbled along with Lacey, keeping her eyes on them. 
“Big day, huh?” Lacey said.
“Yeah. Really big.”
“You okay, kiddo?”
“Just… worried about Seth.”
Lacey put her arm around Ralla’s shoulder. “It’s a good thing you rocked up here, Ralla. I had a feeling you’d make everything right.”
“Why would you say that? I’ve caused much more trouble for Josie and Seth since I arrived.”
“Somehow, I don’t think any of that’s on you. Josie’s been haunted by that man the whole time I’ve known her. She was always ill at ease and on the attack, never calm and collected. Now I know why, I can’t say I’d have behaved any different.”
“He’s gone now,” Ralla told her. “He’s been dealt with.”
“That’s a relief.”
Ralla was silent in Lacey’s truck, once again sitting between Josie and Lacey as they talked as breezily as always, Josie behaving far more at ease than Ralla could right then. 
“Denise is a real piece of work,” Josie was saying. “She’s wanted that money for the property for so long now.”
“It’s a big chunk of change, Josie,” Lacey reasoned. “Some people are just greedy.”
“Yeah, but Nick would rather have his parents back than the money. Denise wasn’t behaving like she’d happily have them back in exchange for the cheque. I am grateful, though. It means we can start looking for a new place somewhere closer to the city.”
“I knew you’d get out of here before me.” Lacey’s remark didn’t have a bitter sting to it, least none that Ralla could detect. 
“I take it Carl wasn’t thrilled about going to hospital,” Josie mentioned to Lacey.
“Of course not, but he had to. He’s not doing so good,” Lacey replied. “They’re just making him comfortable now. He doesn’t want to go on like this. He wants his dignity back, and he keeps saying he’ll only get it when he’s gone.”
The gate to the property was coming up and Josie would need to get out to unlock it. “Let me know if you need anything.”
“Thanks. I should probably tell you this now; we’re looking at selling the tavern to Terrence. He’s shown an interest; he thinks he can turn it into a decent restaurant, and he wants to give my dad a good deal for it.” 
“Is Carl willing to give the place up?” Josie asked.
“We’ve discussed it, and we could do with the money now we’re looking at long-term care. So, unless Terrence decides to keep you on, you might be looking at unemployment soon.”
“I think I can cope with that. I’ve heard worse in the last couple of weeks.”
Lacey left Josie and Ralla at the end of the road, Josie thanking her for the ride. Ralla lingered in the dark to watch Lacey drive away until Josie coaxed her inside, patient with her limping from the burns on her feet. 
“Come on. The mosquitoes will have eaten you before I can even give you dinner.”
“I’m not that hungry,” Ralla said.
“You gotta eat, Ralla. Are you okay?”
“I’m tired.”
“Of course you are! You must be a mess right now. Let me make you some soup. That’ll warm you up.”
“Alright.”
Josie flittered around the kitchen and Ralla couldn’t understand how she was so energised after their ordeal. Relief wasn’t going to find Ralla until she knew Seth was okay and he could come home.
“Don’t worry about anything now,” Josie said calmly. “Seth’s where he needs to be. You got us there safe and sound.”
“It wasn’t me. Without Papalia, we’d still be trapped in the Other.”
“I’m glad it worked out for her, too. She deserves to have her life back.”
Ralla took her bowl of soup and slowly stirred it. “I know I don’t want to go to the Other ever again. I’m just not sure what to do now.”
“Ralla, I’m not expecting anything from you. I’m not even expecting anything from Seth or Nick. Seth won’t be going back to school until he’s better, and if you’re not ready to go yet, I won’t make you. But we don’t have to hide you anymore. You’ve no idea how happy that makes me.”
“Then why am I not happy?” Ralla asked.
Josie touched Ralla’s arm with tenderness, Ralla still struggling with these shows of affection. “That’ll take some time. You need to heal a lot more than your burns. And you can tell me as little or as much as you want. I’ll leave you alone if you need me to, and I’ll talk to you about anything, whenever you ask me to. And I promise I’ll listen to you this time. You just tell me what you need from me, and if you don’t know, that’s fine too. I just wanted you back.”
Ralla ate her soup, preoccupied and thinking more of sleep than food. When she was done, Josie brushed out her hair and drew a bath for her, covering her bandages with some plastic wrap to keep the dressings dry.
“When will Seth come home?” Ralla asked Josie before she left her alone.
“Soon as the doctors say he’s doing better. I know he and I aren’t on good terms right now. I just want him home, so I can take care of him.”
“It was mean of Calder to make you choose between us,” Ralla said softly.
“I thought losing you was the worst moment of my life. That one’s replaced it.” 
Ralla’s stomach twisted realising she hadn’t made her own confession about her deal with Calder. 
Timid and upset, she voiced her whole plan to Josie, waiting for her mother to turn on her now for her foolishness. 
Josie smiled brightly. “That was extremely clever of you. You could’ve told me, I would’ve trusted you.”
“I thought you’d be upset I was risking your freedom.”
“But I knew you could stop him; there was no doubt in my mind you’d outsmart him. You did know him better than I did, and you knew he’d never take the bait without there being some consequence to me. So, I’m not even mad. I’m proud of you, Ralla.”
The pain in her gut lessened and Ralla rubbed her eyes with the back of her hand. “I didn’t think you’d forgive me.”
“You’d have to do something really horrible for me to never forgive you.”
Josie’s phone was ringing, and she took it from her pocket to answer. “Hey… Oh, that’s great. Tell him we’ll be by tomorrow to see him… Thank you for staying… Sure, we’ll see you then… Love you too… Bye.” Josie hung up and let out a long sigh, puffing her cheeks.
“Was that Nick?”
“Yeah. Seth’s going to be alright. He’s just woken up. Nick will wait to tell him everything, but I’m sure he’d love to see you in the morning.”
Calder’s accusation that she had gone to Seth’s aid out of love distressed Ralla. Did her motivations have to be that poetic? Seth had saved her from the desert the night she arrived; she’d owed him her life. Surely that was reason enough.
After her bath, Ralla went to bed, plagued by her final confrontation with Calder. He’d been at his most abusive; he’d not manhandled her like that before, and he wasn’t glad she’d returned, or willing to negotiate her terms. 
She’d been willing to sacrifice her freedom for Seth. She’d had this intention before Papalia gave her the only weapon that could defeat Calder. Seth belonged in the Concrete, and even if the Other wasn’t her home, Ralla would’ve made it so for his sake. 
Josie’s choice hadn’t been final. She said Nick had fired the gun so she wouldn’t have to decide. Seth was going to have to face this; they had to tell him the truth of that moment as well. Ralla refused to be a part of any more of these lies. Josie would need to come clean and work to mend her mistakes. 
Ralla had to learn to live in this world now. She wanted to be at the end of this new journey now, not taking her very first steps. Her impatience was as powerful as Calder’s.
But now she understood what it was like to have everything and still be sad. She understood regret, and how it could poison one’s view of the world, leaving them to question how things would be, had one moment turned out differently. 
She’d set Papalia free, vanquished Calder, and rescued Seth. She’d found her real mother and a new home. 
She’d put everything right, except for her heavy heart. All she had now was time to mend it. She hoped it wouldn’t take too long.


8

Nick was at his bedside to greet Seth when he woke up. Seth’s pasty mouth wouldn’t let him say much, and he’d drifted in and out at points with no memory of how he’d ended up in hospital.
“Where’s Calder?” he asked Nick.
“Gone. Ralla got rid of him.”
“Where’s Ralla?”
“She’s at home with Josie. She’s fine.”
“Calder hurt her.”
Her shouting had dragged him from his stupor, but he’d had no constitution to help her. Seth remembered floating and then falling like he sometimes did when he was dreaming. Most of it had been the stuff of nightmares. He could write it off as that, but it was all real. He’d been abducted and nearly suffocated to death.
“They patched her up,” Nick explained about Ralla. “You’ll see her in the morning when Josie comes by.”
“You were all there. You’d come to get me.”
“We’ll tell you about it later, Seth. Just get some rest; I’m not going anywhere.”
Seth sat up to drink some water just as one of the night nurses came in to check the drip needle in his hand. 
“Looks like he has a bit of colour coming back,” she said to Nick. 
“I’m staying with him, if that’s okay.”
“We’ve only got that armchair for you to sleep in, I’m afraid.”
Nick made a shrug. “I’m tired enough to sleep on the floor. It’ll be fine.”
Seth was aware of his empty stomach. His head had gone from light as a balloon to heavy as a slab of marble, the rest of him not faring much better. Nick had no trouble falling asleep in the old leather armchair by the window. 
Even though the hospital bed was far more comfortable than the lumpy ground of the cave, Seth’s mind was churning away, keeping him from getting the rest he needed.
He and Josie needed to have a talk about her little omission. Icing her out and carrying on like it didn’t matter — none of that was possible for him. She had to atone, and he had to get everything out of her, otherwise he’d never be able to move on. 
He certainly wasn’t free to do as he liked now. He didn’t have the required malice to get revenge on Josie in any elaborate or mundane way. Treating her badly would bring resentment from Nick and Ralla, even if they both understood his reasons. 
Seth still resented Nick not taking his side completely. He couldn’t ask Nick to dismiss Ralla and only show loyalty to him. There was too much he would just have to accept. Nevertheless, they were going to have to deal with the fact his grudge towards Josie had yet to pass.
Early the next morning, Nick was awake and talking to Josie on his phone outside Seth’s room, his voice too hushed for Seth to listen in. The hospital food wasn’t so bad he wasn’t able to eat it. He could just about sit up now, his ribs still tender from trying to breathe deeply when he’d been running out of air. Josie had been cradling him, holding the mask to his face and telling him to breathe as deeply as he could. He’d needed one when he’d had a severe case of bronchitis as a kid; the smell of the plastic had taken him back to that moment. 
He could breathe on his own now, not that he was exactly ready to leap out of bed. He knew he could go back to sleep whenever he wanted; he wasn’t going to be forced to do much for a while, but he was already growing bored and annoyed with being stuck there.
The same nurse from the night before came in to do one more check before her shift ended. She was kind of short and had a bob of glossy brown hair, and she talked breezily to Seth as she checked his pulse. 
“You’re a tough kid,” she said amiably. “You weren’t doing so great when you came in last night, but you’ve bounced back pretty quick. Hopefully, you’ll be home by tomorrow afternoon.”
“So, I’ll be able to go out on my dirt bike?” he asked, being clever.
“Only if you want to topple off it,” she replied. “You’re not that tough.”
The nurse departed as Nick returned. “Josie’s on her way with Ralla. I just called her.”
“Okay.”
“I didn’t think you’d be too thrilled about seeing Josie.”
Seth shrugged. “I’m not sure how I feel. I know she left something out of her confession. Calder told me about it.”
“What was it?”
“When he came to get Ralla that night, Josie begged him to take me instead. He said she wouldn’t have learnt her lesson if he’d agreed.”
Nick looked sour and Seth felt ill to see it. “She didn’t tell me that, either.”
“I needed to know what happened that night. He told me about my real mother; that she was forced to have me, and her parents were going to pretend to everyone I was her baby brother and not her son. I would’ve been lied to, no matter what happened. Turns out, she was super keen to dump me as well. She didn’t hesitate to give me up to Calder in exchange for having her whole memory of me wiped clean. So, now I don’t have a place to start. I don’t have a real family.”
Nick’s sigh sounded full of defeat. “Of course you have a real family, Seth.”
“You know what I mean.”
Nick stuffed his hands in his pockets. He looked totally wrecked, like he’d been up for days, and spending the night in the armchair had probably made it worse. The stubble on his chin was thicker and his clothes were grubby, clearly indicating that Nick hadn’t been home yet. Whether it was to avoid Josie or keep an eye on Seth, Nick never mentioned it. 
“We were going to wait to tell you this,” Nick began, “but I think you should hear it now.”
Seth cringed and rubbed his face with his hands. “What now?”
“It’s not as bad as you think. It’s still not so great, either.”
Nick explained the entire scene of him and Josie coming home to find Seth and Ralla hanging suspended in mid-air. Detailing the choice Josie was forced to make between him and Ralla, Nick then confessed he’d shot at Calder to solve the dilemma, only this made things infinitely worse. Calder had escaped, leaving only Ralla behind.
“It was my fault Calder took you,” Nick concluded, profoundly remorseful. “Josie never got to choose. My stupidity led to you being taken; it wasn’t her picking Ralla over you.”
“Calder told me what you did. He was sure Josie would’ve picked Ralla anyway.”
“Seth, it killed Josie to have to face that decision. That one moment she wanted to give you up, that was years ago. I’m sure back then she was desperate to keep Ralla and would’ve said or done anything to stop Calder taking her. It’s up to you to decide if you want to forgive Josie or not, but I think she’s paid for that mistake now. She was just as prepared as I was to go into the Other to find you, and we were risking our lives too. If Ralla hadn’t been there, we’d never have gotten to the mountains on our own. She insisted we stay behind so she could face Calder alone. We all wanted you home safe.”
Seth had nothing to say to this. He was still processing all these truths and accusations, nowhere near to finding a resolution. 
“I’ll talk to Josie about everything, so she knows what happened,” Nick said. “I know it’s too hard for you to deal with right now; I just needed you to know I screwed up as well. I wanted Calder gone, and I honestly thought I could just put a bullet in his head and it’d be over. But I should’ve listened to you and Josie. You were right; it wouldn’t have helped.”
Josie appeared in the doorway with Ralla right behind her. Nick decided to take Josie aside, and her smile disappeared to see how serious he was. 
“We’ll be back soon,” Nick promised.
Ralla appeared far too tired to be worried about Nick’s behaviour. She came in holding something behind her back.
“Hey, Ralla.”
“Hello. How are you feeling?”
“Terrible.” 
He’d meant this to sound sarcastic, but she interpreted it wrong. “I’m sorry. We tried to find you as quickly as we could. If I’d been better at folding, we’d have reached you much sooner.”
“It’s okay. I’m not that bad, just a bit beaten up. I’ll be fine.” Seth noticed the bandages wrapped around her feet and ankles, and she had another large bandage strapped around her left shin. Before he asked what happened, a memory shot to the forefront of his brain of her being dangled over the blue flame in the cavern. 
“Are you okay?” he asked her. “I remember what he did to you now. I was too weak to stop him.”
“It would’ve been worse if I hadn’t turned to smoke,” she said, and there wasn’t a hint of conceit in her voice; not one trace of boastfulness.
“I sort of remember floating down the mountainside.” 
“I had to turn us both to smoke; it was the only way I could get you out of there. But then the wind outside distracted me, and I dropped you halfway down the mountainside. Nick had to help me get you to the bottom. I’m really sorry I let you go.”
“I know you didn’t do it on purpose. But I remember falling. I thought I was just dreaming.”
“I wish it had all been a dream now. Even my worst nightmares of Calder couldn’t compare to what he did to me.” 
Seth wouldn’t say he already knew they’d both be having nightmares from this ordeal. He wanted to be more positive about it, but it was inevitable. He’d seen Ralla try to be stronger for everyone else, lying that she felt better than she did. Seth was just as guilty of looking braver than he was. 
“I made you these this morning. Josie said they’re your favourite.” Ralla presented whatever she’d been hiding behind her back the whole time, and handed it to him. It was a yellow cellophane package with three homemade chocolate chip cookies inside. She’d even wrapped them up with blue curling ribbon.
“My first attempt didn’t turn out so well,” she mentioned shyly. “Hopefully, these are better.”
“Thanks. I’m sure they’ll taste good.” 
“You can tell me if they don’t.”
Seth was idly pulling on the ribbon as he said, “You know, saving my life was plenty enough. You didn’t have to go bake something as well.”
“It’s alright. I wanted to.”
He had to break their awkward silence to ask, “How are you doing?”
“I guess I’m okay. It’s difficult to believe it’s really over now.”
“How did you get rid of him in the end?”
Ralla told him about the curse placed on Calder from his own people; that he’d twisted it so Papalia thought there would be more at stake if she uttered his name for any reason. Each in their own way, Josie and Ralla had seen right through the lie and they used it against Calder to annihilate him. 
“You just had to say his real name? That’s it?” 
“Yes. That was all it was. But it wasn’t in any books or documents. Only Papalia knew it, and she almost didn’t give it to me.”
“Guess you did know him better than you thought. You knew he was lying all along.”
“It was my only power over him in the end. I won’t be returning to the Other, and I can live without whatever powers I’ve managed to obtain there. There’s nothing in that place I need or want.”
Seth hadn’t found a single thing good about it either. The dazzling colours hadn’t been in the cavern. There, the walls had been a sickly greyish-white, like pallid storm clouds. He’d not found much comfort lying there, and as he’d deteriorated, he’d just about come to the conclusion this was where he was going to die.
“He was going to bring me another oxygen tank, but you’d already gone to the house and taken the rest of them.”
Ralla covered her mouth. “We nearly killed you!” she gasped.
“You weren’t to know, Ralla. It’s all coming back in bits and pieces… I was really scared until you showed up.”
“I was going to take your place if I had to.”
“I wouldn’t have wanted that.” Seth had to fess up to his own mistakes now. “I did think about handing you over to Calder in exchange for finding my real family. I’d only have done it to get back at Josie.” 
“Why didn’t you?”
“Because none of this was really your fault, and… I like you too much.”
The one thing Seth couldn’t reconcile was how he felt about Ralla, not now he had a tonne of emotions stemming from their time together, none of them taking that much precedence over the other. 
Who she was to him didn’t matter too much. How they felt about each other… that, he was too terrified to broach. The dust hadn’t settled yet. There were still too many problems left unsolved for him to say how he felt towards her. 
“I’m sorry I’ve caused you to think this way, Seth. I suspected you’d harboured this ill will and I don’t hold that against you.”
“Thanks. But you must know none of us have come out of this unscathed, Ralla. You’ve got to figure out more than I do about where you belong, and I have to decide if I can go on without knowing who my real family is. Calder told me his version of the truth. If any of it was true or not, I’ll never know.”
“He couldn’t fix any of it for you? At all?”
“He said everything he’d done was permanent, he couldn’t undo his spells.”
“He didn’t believe in those kinds of second chances.”
“Do you?” Seth asked.
“I’m not sure yet.”
Seth was still hungry, and he decided to unwrap the cookies, breaking one in half and offering it to Ralla.
“But I made them for you.”
“I’m allowed to share. We have to share a birthday, don’t we?”
“I thought you said you didn’t care about that.”
“I might change my mind by then.” He took a bite while taking into consideration he’d been starving; it may have tasted better than it looked. “It’s good.”
“So, I can bake?”
“You can. Was it fun?”
“Not really. I wouldn’t do it all the time.”
“That’s fair.”
Seth had at least figured out he didn’t have to fake anything around Ralla. He wasn’t himself around his friends, not entirely. If things between him and Ralla changed or stayed the same, it wasn’t important to him at that moment.
He’d finally found someone he could trust.







Josie wasn’t about to have a fight with Nick in the hallway outside Seth’s hospital room. They found an empty lounge down the hall where they could get some privacy, Nick’s sternness shaking her nerves. She was getting her back up at the thought of them arguing when they’d not even had a chance to recover from their arduous rescue mission.
“Calder told Seth everything. He knows about his mother now,” Nick informed her. “And I had to tell him what I did.”
“We said we’d wait.”
“It didn’t matter in the end; Calder told him about that too.” Nick’s pause was telling. “Calder also told Seth you’d demanded he take him instead of Ralla. You shouldn’t have left that out.”
Thousands of other words ran through Josie’s head that she knew she couldn’t just blurt out. 
“I know. I’m sorry.”
“I am too. I handled the whole thing badly. It was neanderthal of me to walk in there with a gun, like that was the only solution.”
“Nick, I didn’t have a solution then either. I was frantically trying to come up with a way of not having to choose. There was no way in hell I’d just let him leave with either of my kids.” She gritted her teeth. “My only regret now is I wasn’t there to see him have a painful, well-deserved death.”
“I did tell Seth you weren’t willing to choose. I can’t guarantee he believes it.”
“That’s okay. It’s his choice now how he feels, I won’t put it on him to just forgive and forget. Meanwhile, Ralla’s disappointed, and I have no idea how to help her.”
“Why is she disappointed?”
“This place isn’t all it’s cracked up to be, is it? I thought the Other would be… fantastic, you know? Unimaginable. I thought it’d be cool to go there. But it was awful, like being adrift at sea. I was trying not to throw up, and I didn’t want Ralla to know I was struggling that much.”
“It was horrible. And that house was a disaster.”
“I know.” Josie ran her fingers through her hair and sighed. “But this world is full of dreadful people and ridiculous expectations too. It’s still dangerous as well. Ralla’s just now realising the grass is not that greener on this side.”
“She’ll come to terms with it, Josie. I know she’d rather be here, and I want her with us. I owe her for saving Seth’s life.”
Josie settled back in one of the cheap, uncomfortable armchairs. She’d been filled with nervous energy after coming back from the Other, and she could see now she’d genuinely exhausted herself. Some of it had to have been from Calder’s demise and knowing the worst was over.
“I always wondered how you’d react if she came back,” Josie said. “I was prepared for you to go completely ballistic. None of your reactions have been overly shocking to me.”
“You didn’t expect me to just accept her, did you?”
“I hoped you would. But no, I didn’t expect it.”
“Seth still doesn’t see us as his family. That hurts me more than anything.”
Josie blinked to get rid of a fresh lot of tears. She’d forced herself to go to bed after she’d checked on Ralla. Before she’d fallen asleep, she’d wept into her pillow for ages, going from relief to anguish and passing through unbridled fury at Calder’s malicious decision to make her choose between her children. She should’ve been better prepared for it. She should’ve spent her days learning how to outwit him instead of waiting for him to strike. But this list of ‘should haves’ and ‘could haves’ was now moot. She’d still won. She still had both her children.
“We can get Seth through this, I hope,” Josie said. “Whatever he needs, it’s not a problem.”
“You’ll still need to talk to him, Josie.”
“I know.” She got up and gave Nick the keys to his truck. “Why don’t you head home and get some sleep? I’ll stay here with Ralla and Seth for a while.” 
“Okay. I’ll try not to swerve off the road.”
Josie hugged him as tightly as her weary arms would allow. “Thank you for everything. I’m still so happy you stayed.”
“So am I. Despite everything.” He glanced down at her. “Does this mean we should get married now?”
“Let’s not get too carried away.”
Nick gave Josie a kiss that happened to last longer than most of their recent kisses. Out in the hallway, she watched him go, wondering if they had really survived this and if he still resented her for lying. She’d never hold his mistakes over him, but she couldn’t count on him not doing the same to her somewhere down the line. She hadn’t truly needed his forgiveness before to know what it looked like. He’d said more than once he was too tired to resent anyone now. She had to trust he meant it.
Seth was playing rock, paper, scissors with Ralla when Josie found them, and he looked much brighter now he had some colour in his cheeks. Her harrowing dread of him dying in her arms while they’d tried to revive him was as strong as it would’ve been had Ralla been suffering the same. She didn’t know how to love him any less compared to Ralla. She was proud of them both for being so resilient and grown-up through this disaster she’d caused. No one could ever make her choose between them.
Josie remembered the woman she was the night Ralla was taken. She remembered her being selfish and egotistical, and most of all, deplorable. Everything Calder ever called her, she now believed. But she wouldn’t give Seth up for anything. If his mother somehow miraculously recovered her stolen memory and demanded him back, Josie would fight her tooth and nail, only relinquishing when the law, or Seth, decided where he really belonged.
And she had all the patience in the world to wait for Ralla to trust her. Josie knew she couldn’t force it; she’d expected Ralla would need time to adjust to everything. Ralla hadn’t yet found her home; she wasn’t at peace with her new life, or the people in it. Josie was prepared to do whatever it took to bring her that peace, and she couldn’t hold Ralla back from anything; even if it pained her to see her leave home.
But Josie still held on tight to her regret over not doing more to get Ralla back. She was last on her own list of people she needed to forgive. If she couldn’t do this, she couldn’t expect anyone else to either. 
Seth noticed Josie standing there and his mirth disappeared.
“You two holding up okay in here?” Josie asked.
They nodded in unison and Josie tried not to laugh at how adorable it was to see.
She took some coins from her purse. “Ralla, can you go get some water from that machine down the hall?”
“Alright.” Ralla moved away from Seth and took the coins to count them in her hand. She’d gotten the hang of money very quickly. Greed still didn’t make any sense to her.
“Get whatever you want for yourself,” Josie said. “There should be enough.”
Ralla wandered off without a word and Josie went in, knowing she couldn’t encroach on Seth right now. She wanted to hug him until he got sick of her embarrassing him and shoved her away.
“Must be nice to know you can let her go wherever now,” Seth said after Ralla had gone.
“Doesn’t mean I won’t still worry about her. Or you.”
“Yeah, I know.”
“We don’t have to talk about anything now. Just get better so we can bring you home, okay?”
“That’s if you still want me there.”
“I do. More than anything.”
His hands were resting in his lap and his head was down. She wasn’t going to force him to look at her if he couldn’t bring himself to do so.
“Seth, I already know I’m miles away from you forgiving me. I’m sorry as all hell I left it to Calder to tell you the one part I shouldn’t have left out. I thought you’d be better off not knowing, but I was as wrong about this as I’ve been from the start.”
“Nick said you’ve paid for it.”
“I may have in his heart, but if I haven’t by your judgement, if I still have a debt to pay to you, then I’ll keep paying it.”
Seth plucked at a loose thread on the over-starched hospital blanket. “Calder was insane. He just chose all these random people to suffer for his amusement. But the one person he didn’t make suffer was my mum. She gets to just wander around without knowing I exist. She’s been completely let off the hook. She’s probably got ten kids by now. Just because she got pregnant with me at fifteen, and she wasn’t prepared to wear her stupid mistake… Why wasn’t he punishing her? Why wasn’t she made to give up something she loved to have her little problem taken away?”
So, one of Calder’s tricks had actually benefited someone. Whoever this woman was, she wasn’t any better than Josie. She would’ve learnt far less than anyone Calder had ever manipulated. 
“I don’t think I even want to know her now,” Seth then said. “I mean, if I had to choose between her and you…”
“I’d be crushed if you picked her. But I’d live with it, if it was what you wanted.”
“I’m allowed not to know what I want?”
“Of course. So’s Ralla.”
Ralla came back with the bottle of water for Josie. “One of the coins got stuck,” she said guiltily. 
“Hardly your fault,” Josie replied. 
“Are we staying with Seth or do we have to go?”
“We can probably stay until the nurses kick us out. That’s if he’ll let us.”
Josie could read Seth better than he thought; his indifferent shrug wasn’t a good cover. He wanted them to stay; he just couldn’t admit he didn’t want to be left alone. 
“I don’t know. I guess you could stick around.”
“We could figure out what you want to do for your birthdays next week,” Josie suggested.
Seth just shrugged again. “Whatever.”
Ralla hopped back up onto the side of the bed and Josie pulled up the armchair, the feet scraping across the linoleum. The scent of disinfectant assaulted her with too many memories of the night Ralla and Seth were born. Making plans for their future was the only way to shove it all aside. 
Calder had taught Josie a good deal of lessons. 
She’d never be so quick to tell a lie again. 
She’d put her trust in those she loved before her doubt got the better of her. 
She’d live her life, rather than existing. 
And she knew now she had to swallow every bitter pill with every sweet moment, even if the universe forced her to take it all at once.
