Intro.

I amble down the quite dark street, both my cold mitts inside my hoodie pockets. I lull in my tracks as I get a whiff it. . . I get it. Slowly, I take off my hood looking up towards the right. My eyes land on a grey tiny almost flat tent in what seems a dinky green area, a park? I march towards it as slowly as I can. But it doesn't take too long because I really can't seem to stop my felicitous yen. Before I could touch the tent to open the zip, I watch a small calloused hand pulling it down from the inside. A small boy steps out with half opened eyes. I stare at him for a while. . . another boy, maybe 9 or 11 years old pops his noggin out of the tent behind him. Yes. This's the one.
They stare at me then at each other. When the older looking boy's eyes land on my mouth, his eyes expand and he opens his mouth to yell. I kneel down in a rush and shush him with my mitt, pressing it against his trembling dry lips. I shake my noggin at him playfully smiling, then push him back in the tent.
Before I start, I break his neck to keep his screams silent. I spin around when I detect the small boy's scent is starting to fade. I jump to my feet and leave the tent. I mark the little boy not so far away, shoe-less racing to survive. I sprint and grab him for a moment and break his neck, dragging him back in the tent. Not that I killed him for his flesh, he doesn't smell good to me. I just can't leave any evidence.
I take my hoodie off revealing my old stained orange t-shirt. I join my mitts together then crack my knuckles as I kneel down next to the older boy. I take the boy's arm and let out a breath as I bite off a chunk of flesh.
After I finish my meal, I sigh as I look at the other boy that I have to swallow just to keep the place clean. I burn the tent leaving no evidence behind. I leave the place full of energy and satisfaction. Zipping the hoodie while I saunter, I caught and fall to the floor. I place my trembling mitt over my chest and endure the pain as my vision blurs. 




SOLIVAGANT

Chapter 2

Daria's P/O/V
I don't sleep much that night with the crazy thoughts in my mind. I don't usually roll my eyes and whisper to myself STOP DREAMING YOU IDIOT because I don't blame myself, not having a view further than the garden is a nightmare. Even our windows are so short that we can't see a thing out there. We don't even have TV or phones. Basically, we're not allowed to know anything out of this huge house.
I stay in my room for the whole day excusing myself that I'm seedy. I wait until midnight to escape.
When the time comes, I walk out of the room glad for not spotting my guard, I tiptoe my way to the back towards our garden.
I stop to observe the dark garden, I reel slowly towards my way out, the only spot where there's no ceramic wall behind the greens. I push the bushes out of the way so roughly that I feel my hands are about to break, not succeeding. I place all my body weight and push harder pressing at my lips and wincing while the mean branches dig into my skin. I fall to the other side on my face and moan as I feel a slight pain in my elbow. I jump to my feet looking around with widening eyes. What!? No guards!? All my plan was for nothing! I sigh somewhat angry for planning all that time long and happy for not facing any guards and obstacles this time.
Basically, I don't see anything yet, I take a deep breath feeling my freedom first as I adjust my tiny purple princess titled side bag. I look around and realise our house is on a hill.
"In your face losers! I'm the first to be out of that haunted house!" I scream, my mouth almost ripping with the smile.
I first take a look at the house then zip down the road, excited for what I might see and who I'll see. It's so bumpy that I ski and fall on my bottom and yelp. I get up with a giggle because everything seems so positive at the moment.
As I arrive at a spot where everything is clear, I blink trying to believe what I'm seeing. The huge wall separating the ghouls from us is incredibly massive, it's so long and almost taking over the city. I get disappointed when I see the dark city, it looks dead and sunken. I shrug to myself, it could be ravishing down there. I keep walking down the hill, ruffling my yellow dress gliding like Reeve, my head held high.
I stand still crossing my hands, in a quiet street. THERE'S NO ONE! and NOTHING.
"It's the middle of the night and it's Gulyabani city, it's normal. . . Right. . ." I tell myself. I sigh walking around wondering what I should do until morning because even if I find a place to sleep, I won't sleep with the excitement.
I stop in my tracks as I hear some gruttlin coming from an ally I just passed by. I walk back wondering if whatever's happening there'll make my time more pleasant here.
I take a turn towards the ally with a grin from ear to ear my jaw tight. I stop almost stumbling. My dress falling back on me. I stand staring, trying to understand the shapes and movements. I gasp for a breath and my heart misses a beat at the view. I wish to break from the shock and make my feet move and run for. . . for. . . for my. . . life I guess.




CATHECT

Chapter 3

Oldu's P/O/V
As I start inundation my teeth in the girl's guts, I hear footsteps. I stare up as quickly as a fly and freeze as I spot a girl at the far end. A very bright yellow dress lay still on her. I gaze at her confused with my full mouth. Our eyes meet and we both stare. . . She breaks into a run waking me up from my frozen position. I leave my meal dashing after her biting down at the tasty flesh in my mouth.
I lull at the end of the alley and glance sideways. She literally disappeared. I never ever lose someone. What makes me more confused for the first time in my life is that I can't even catch her damn whiff, and that's impossible.
I look around trying to find her but I can't see her at all. I spin around to start walking back thinking I might have left her behind. I ski to a silent lull when I see her sitting on the floor resting her back on the bin, her hand pressed to her mouth. I stare at her for a moment. If I didn't turn around I wouldn't have spotted her. She has her right hand on her chest and fear in her eyes gives me adrenaline. I slog towards her and she begins to shake. I squat before her and we stare at each other. I grab her by the hair and she doesn't even dare to yell. I pull her back towards my meal to finish her off. She starts mumbling as I drag her on the ground.
"L. . . pl. . . I. . . " I barely hear the letters from her. I shake her,
"Shut it," I demand. I throw her next to the dead body and sigh,
"See? My meal got cold cause of you! now I have to find another one." I inform her almost laughing when I see her horrified blushed face.
"I really hate cold food. . . " I tell her eyeing the dead body. I sigh as I realize I can't burn this body here in the middle of the street. I spot a sewer, I drag the body to it and push it in, falling with a loud wet thud.
"Great! problem solved." I remark delightedly to the girl and she ogles in silence, at least she's not loud. I take her with me to my tight house. I drag her down to the basement and lock her there until I think of what to do with her, she's way too mysterious to eat with a half-full belly.
I leave the house to look for my second meal. I feel powerless when I think about the girl taking some of my time and making me look helplessly for her back there. How can a person like her whiffle me!
I go back to my house with a full stomach and a satisfied soul.

Daria's P/O/V
I stop banging the door when I hear footsteps against the wood stairs I was dragged down through. My heart starts beating furiously waiting for the door to swing open. I miss a triple heartbeat when it does. The same boy walks in taking his hood off revealing an orange shirt. I back away almost stumbling on my long yellow dress. He sits down on a chair I just spotted. I jump stupidly when he utters a word thinking he'll attack me any second.
"So, what are you?" He asks glancing from wall to another then wiping his hands on his trousers. My mouth feels tight and dry, my tongue sticking. I can't say a word.
"I asked you a question snark." He implies in a tone as if he knows me, placing a foot on top of the other, his head supported by his two fingers now. Why does he look so calm. . . is that indicating he'll eat me?
"I'm. . . I'm Daria." I echo my voice wobbly, shaking as I remember the view I saw just a couple of hours ago. I lick my dry lips and swallow. God my chest hurts.
"So I know two stuff about you, your name's Daria and you're a true snark." He muses smirking, revealing his super white neat teeth. He can't be a ghoul. . . he speaks normally, not like he was locked in a place for a long time. Does snark mean rude?
"I need to know if you're human or ghoul or something else if there's, so I know what to feed you." He says stating with his hands. I stare at him with an open mouth trying to say something. He's wearing shoes, there are no supplies inside the walls is there? He stands up. Both my hands fly towards my face in protection. He walks out of the basement leaving the door open. I let my arms down, falling into crazy thoughts as I try to decide if I should run out or not. If I survived a minute with a ghoul, I can do anything.
I start walking slowly at the beginning then I break into a sprint. I bump into his hard rock body and fall to the floor yelling.
"Ah! Ah! Ah!" I shriek repeatedly that my throat burns.
"Ah! Hahaha." He laughs at me. I grow silent my chest heaving. He bows down. A ghoul is just inches away from me! I'm very much dead. He hauls a black plastic bag, throwing it at me clumsily, resting his body against the door frame.
"Since I don't know what you are, I'll give you what I like most and hope you enjoy it as much as I do."
He runs on, pressing a smile then leaves. He closes the door behind him this time. I eye the bag curiously and begin opening it slowly afraid something might jump at me any moment.
"Ah!!!" I shriek throwing the bag away, coughing feeling a sudden pain in my chest with the effort I made to shout that high.
A . . . a heart of a human and a foot inside. . . I squat down placing my hands on my ears, and my breathing goes heavy and loud.




SCIAMACHY

Chapter 4

Oldu's P/O/V
I bite my lower lip as I watch Daria beat her noggin through the keyhole in the wood door. Not a ghoul then. I walk up the stairs going through a maze of thoughts, she must be something! A rebel? But she doesn't smell like them. , I have to find out what she is quickly before Guru shows up. I lull in my tracks in the dark stairs and smile as the perfect plan comes to my mind.
I wait for her to wake up with patience, I have always been patient, had to. I walk down the basement as I hear her banging the door and screaming.
I open the door. She throws herself on me and starts beating me up. I don't even flinch at her actions. I sigh holding her punch an inch away from my face. I laugh bitterly as I see her wide eyes looking back at mine.
"But I watched karate lessons. . . " Her firm voice declares glancing sideways. I let go of her,
"We're going out," I tell her walking away. She's still frozen in her place so I break a little treat.
"I'm gonna decide if I'll let you go or not so you better follow me snarky." With that, I hear her footsteps bang on the stairs slowly but firmly. I introduce myself as Guru. . . I shouldn't but it might turn out interesting.
I take her to an empty far hill, park on the right and buildings on the left and ask her to wait there for me. Surprisingly, she does. Well, I went to a house straight in front of her so I was close enough to follow her if she runs. I bring a young boy to her and throw him on the floor. She looks down at him, gripping her yellow dress up as if it'll get dirty. The boy tries to stand up but I knock him down.
"Kill him," I order. She gazes at me with sharp eyes silently, looking like a ghost. I nod kneeling down beside the boy grabbing his neck ready to snap it.
"WAIT!. . I'll do it." She implies quickly. It takes me a few seconds to recognize the lie that rolled on her tongue just to protect another human,
"Nah, you won't." I let out cheaply and break his neck. My eyes glued to hers.
"Now, last chance. . . EAT him."

Daria's P/O/V
I look down at the recently killed boy trying to avoid eye contact with Guru.
What should I do!?
I lick my lower lip kneeling down beside the dead boy letting my long hair fall on my face so I can steal some glances towards the street. If I don't save myself now, I'm as dead as this boy. I close my eyes shut tightly and try to bear my pounding headache.
"Ah!" I yell as I order my feet to run. In a couple of seconds, I get hope as he doesn't catch me. My breathing speeds up, my purple bag thumping at my hip as fast as my heart and I feel ill to my stomach but I think I can lose him! I can do it! That dreamy thought was cut out so soon. My long hair fails me as it's snatched, I fall back hard my right hip colliding with the ground and I want to shriek. I study him kneeling down, his face inches away from mine. I shudder trembling as I watch uncolored veins start to form around his mouth. They grow like fat spaghetti on his skin. . . I stop my breath to concentrate on his face, it's the first time I see what my father told me about ghouls. It's so. . . Before I could yell or act, he bites down my cheek and I beat the ground with my fists as pain slices me as a work of art.
My view becomes hazy, I feel like dying as he gets off me roughly his teeth snatching my cheek off as if he's dragged away. I stay still waiting for more pain but get none. I move my heavy head to the other side feeling as if half my head's missing. I see Guru on the ground with someone on top of him beating him with all force.
"Beat him up." I squeak shocking as metal liquid shuts the air from my lungs. I jerk standing on my knees to let the blood out of my mouth and start to walk away. Just to get away from this place. . . anywhere will be better. I get the urge to yell when someone holds my shoulder stopping me but nothing comes out my bloody mouth. I fall to my knees swallowing metal fluid as I realize it's Guru. I just completely freeze like a doll. Guru takes my arm and shakes me.
"Get up!" He yells somehow his voice different, firmer, can't tell if it's just blood rushing to my ears or it's actually different.
"P. . . let. . . " I try to talk but words fade in the missing cheek. He looks around then picks me up carrying me on his shoulder like a sheep, then starts to jump me up and down as he runs, my stomach pricking with his shoulder.
"You'll be okay, I'm not Oldu. Just try to relax." I hear him say and the only thing I want to complain about is how am I supposed to relax with all this jolting and shaking.




NELIPOT
Chapter 5

Daria's P/O/V
I try to sit up but pain pierces through my head.
"Just keep laying down." I hear a voice similar to Guru's slightly panicky. I start spinning my eyes trying to see who it is and where am I.
"It's okay, you're safe here. You won't be able to talk for a while though." He speaks with an elated soothing voice.
I bring my hands towards my chest trying to ease my quick heartbeats. I start to moan as I feel lancinating pain in my head. Guru takes my arm and pulls my sleeves up. I really don't care what he's doing at this moment, all I care about is getting rid of the pain. I feel a pinch in my arm as he pushes a syringe in my veins I guess. I mentally smile as I feel dizzy then the pain fades with my concessions.
I bite into wakefulness with a bumping headache. I sit up looking around, feeling my face swollen and my eyes watery. I'm in a sun-lighted room with a red-white curtain on a Large window. I pull my hand up towards my cheek and try to feel it. I've got a bandage all over it. I poke it trying to see if it hurts. I wince at the slight pain.
I get to my feet effortless and walk towards the window, brushing off the curtains. It's a bright sunny morning. I peek down, learning I'm on a second floor maybe, a few people fill the street. . . tables and sets filled with items and. . . fruit. Oh golly! It's a market! I place both my hands on my mouth at the urge to sneeze and thankfully it comes out faintly. I need to get down there, my god!
I tiptoe my way to the door. Taking a deep breath and immediately regret it because of the rotten smell around, I press at the door handle twisting it downward as quiet as possible. My breath cuts as I spot Guru sitting on a couch watching. . . TV. I stay still as he looks up at me and smiles. No. . . not smile, but smirk.
"Glad you woke up." He says waving at me with a HI. I cross my eyebrows in confusion. I peek at the amazing TV then back at him. He looks like Guru but this's a different house and he has a different pair of an outfit. I scan the room and spot a door. It might be the way out. If I run, he'll be able to catch me. . .
"Will you let me go?" I ask, able to talk with the bandage. He chuckles turning off the TV. Ghouls laugh? My heart sinks a little because I really never saw one besides in old pictures of my mother and other. He jumps to his feet and I throw my hand in front of me in a knife wrist ready to hit him. But my body softens as he playfully marches a bit towards me with a serious face that makes my heart beat quicken. Please, no veins. . . please.
"You must never talk about what happened last night ok?" He warns me as I eye him wondering if I should act in my angry tone or be polite in case he decides to eat my other cheek.
"Why not?" I ask reverently backing away at his smell, knowing if he decided to do something he'll do it easily so I have no power against him anyway. He pushes his hand in his tangled mid-length dark bluish hair, that looks like it's been cut with a razor, pushing it to the back.
"Can't say, don't trust you yet." He says biting his lower lip softly. I kind of chuckle nodding in a mocking way.
"YOU don't trust ME? it has to be the other way around, you're the one who attacked me, Guru! The cannibal who bit my cheek off. . . " He looks sideways then smiles tensely,
"Uh. . . how do you know my name?" He asks jumping from foot to another, rubbing his hands against his jeans.
"Uh. . . you told me." I utter wheezy looking at him my chest tight.
"I never told you. . . this's the first time we speak." He remarks with a sigh.
"First time? We spoke when you prisoned me in your basement and when you bit off my cheek." I inform him.
"Uh, that was Oldu. It wasn't me. Did he tell you his name was Guru?" The guy asks. I nod,
"Yes, he told me his name is Guru. . . then, uh, you're not the one who bit my cheek?" I ask him. He shakes his head.
"No, it was my uh. . . twin brother." He mourns disgruntled. Twins? ghouls can be twins? They're so identical.
"So, you're a human right? Gu. . . uh Oldu is the ghoul?" I ask. He lives here then he's human right?
"No, I'm a ghoul too." He implies walking back towards the sofa. I look from side to the other then back staring at him.
"I know what you're thinking." He says with a grin. My mouth falls open and I feel my forehead creases.
"Ghouls can read minds?" I ask crossing my arms over my chest as if trying to hide my thoughts.
"What? no! I meant that I know that you're thinking, I'm a monster and I kill humans for no reason just like Oldu." He retails sitting in a cross position. I let out a breath relieved, I put my weight on my right leg trying to rest the left one. I eye the sofa, should I sit?
"Take a seat." He says pointing at one of the chairs in the room corner I just spotted. I look at him suspiciously. Did he just read my mind?! I just sigh walking towards the chair,
"Anyway!" I jump up at his raucous voice. I take a seat.
"What are you?" he asks with a curious look and a puppy grin.
"Human. . . obviously." I say stating with my hand gesture. He shakes his head playfully,
"Nope, can't smell you." He says sniffing in a funny way. I smile, he sure acts like a human.
"I don't know what you mean by smelling ME but I'm 100% sure I don't eat humans." I rail looking up confidently.
"You're not a ghoul as well. And no, you're not a human! You must be bumfuzzled but. . ." He says making me somehow frustrated.
"Sorry!? I'm human!" I bark.
"No, you're NOT!" He chirps chuckling.
"And I can prove it!" He confirms getting up rapidly, rushing towards me making me back away in my seat. He starts to untie my cheek bandage making me wince at the slightest pain. Ghouls know how to work with bandages? I sneeze as I itch my nose from a weird strong smell, like molded bread or something. Guru peeps at me with a raised eyebrow then shrugs as he pulls off the whole bandage. He steps away with a Whoa face and I touch my cheek curious and afraid. I can feel nothing missing or a cut. I jump to my feet, Guru points towards the room knowing I'm looking for a mirror. I storm inside the room and look around, I hurry to the square mirror as I spot it on the wall. I freeze in front of it as I see my hallow reflection. I touch my cheek trying to see if there's the same feel as much as how it looks. . .
"Please do tell me, would a human have that?" I spin at Guru's voice then look back at my reflection hoping to see something else but it's still the same disturbing image. A red line flows from under my left eye making my dark circles disappear, two slashes in the middle go along on my pinkish nose. My whole cheek that was ripped off is back with some weird red vein lines go up to the back of my ear.
"What on earth is this? Are ghouls contagious?"




KINDLE

Chapter 6

Daria's P/O/V
I drag my hand on my not so soft anymore cheek and feel those red veins with fear trickling its way to my heart. It's bumpy and swollen as I poke it. I back away from my reflection as tears form in my swollen eyes. I rotate my head looking at Guru for a pleasant thing to hear. He just stands there with arms crossed with a snoopy look glued to his clear face. Of course, ghouls don't know how to be nice. I fall to my knees cupping my face to hide my monster things.
"Look, we'll find out what you are. And I don't think it includes eating humans so just calm." He stated with a giggle at the end.
"Maybe I'm predative on something worse. . . " I sob as the regret of leaving home hits me like a storm. I ignore a deafening noise as I moan in regret.
"And, we're NOT going to find what I am, we're going to find out how to remove these." I allege.
"Uh. . . I hate breaking this to you right now, but we need to leave." Guru urges. I look up feeling my face dry aback.
Guru starts picking some stuff in a rush gazing at the window each second. I halt to my feet looking around between Guru and the window trying to spot something out of ordinary.
"What's going on?" I ask jumping away from my spot as he pulls a jacket I was steeping on without sense. He grabs my hand jerking me off my feet into a run.
"Are we going to see the market?" I ask him. He doesn't mouth a word as he takes me out of the house and we start running between the fruit chariots in the market, covering sheets strung up high with triangle and round red leaflets with symbols. . . I almost stumble as I step on a rock and realize I'm not wearing my sandals! Whoa golly! The ground is designed with yellow tiles in a pattern I can't make out. Guru keeps me on my feet looking back every now and then. I eye him quizzically,
"What are we running away from!?" I echo my words fading with our speed, taking a left. He skis to a stop making me jolt into a bumpy stand. I look at him with an open mouth and heavy breaths, then at where he's gazing at. I shut my mouth gritting my teeth as I see Oldu in front of us with a smirk crossing his arms.
"Nice to see both of you. What's that Daria on your cheek?" He says mused, he actually remembers my name. I strain my hand over the new art draw on my cheek as I sneeze. Did someone see my face in the market?
"What do you want!?" I bellow getting fed with a disbelief gaze from Guru. The veins around his mouth answer me as they start to appear.
"Oh-ow, it's feeding time." Oldu muses.
"What? but there are people around the corner?" I say. Someone will catch him being a ghoul. . .
I brace myself as I see Oldu charging towards us. My eyes widen as he kicks Guru stiffly. I spin around watching Guru on the ground in agony. I should shout for help. . . Oldu grabs me from the back of my hair and I yelp at his rough grip. My hand falls off my cheek grabbing the roots of my hair to ease the pain. I breathe in as I see Guru punch Oldu making him fly and me with him halfway before he lets go of my hair. Screeching against the ground. I get on my knees shaking as I feel all my body parts are broken. I glance at Guru in disbelief as I see blood on my hands and many red scratches. I stand shaking at the pain walking towards Oldu watching him wipe off his blooded lips with playful joy giggling staring at his blood.
I JUST HAD ENOUGH ALREADY! I purse my lips together as I squeeze my hands in balls. I stop inches away from him before I charge towards him. I count to three and punch him in the face making it look squashed. I step away sneezing once, twice, thrice as some of his blood splashes over my face. I look back up. . . his face isn't squashed, it was just my imagination. I only got his nose to bleed. I back away in disgust wiping my nose trying to get rid of a weird odor coming from him. . . I sneeze again, this time. . . blood pours out of my mouth and it burns my lips. . .        I yell trying to wipe it off. . . whatever kind of blood this's. . .    




SOLASTA

Chapter 7

Daria's P/O/V
"Ah! It burns. . . " I sob wiping my jaw. I don't pay much attention to Oldu and Guru but they both stop moving as they gaze at me. I grab the bottom of my dress then start scrubbing the blood off my face and hand. I breathe heavily as I wipe it all off. I lust for some explanation despite the perplexed looks I receive from Oldu and Guru.
"Can. . . Can you back away a bit? You guys smell so strong." I imply.
They look at me quizzically and I just shrug at them with my hand, getting up. Guru walks towards me with his hand stretched to me. Do ghouls offer help? Before he could make it near me, he gets kicked away by Oldu. I watch him next to me.
He glances at me with a smirk plastered on his face. He drags his hand. . . just an inch away from my face. . . I yelp as he falls with a sudden hit that makes ME fall backward as well. I choke as I try to breathe from the impact. I gaze up. . .
It's a guy with a very very shiny bold, he's wearing shorts with a long coat that gives him a clown look, he stands a foot away from me. Before I could eat more of his looks, he points a gun at me and grey fog comes out from the hole.

Guru's P/O/V
I try to flick open my eyes but they're shut with a blindfold. I get a boomed heart beat as I remember what happened back there. . .
Flashbacks. . .
I try to run away when I see Choego with Daria. I rotate as fast as I can running away on my legs putting hope in them. I'll deal with Daria later. . .
My mouth falls open in slow motion as I see my legs fly in the air before me as a hand grabs my shoulder. The air gets knocked out of me as he squeezes me to the ground making me moan in a whisper at the pain. I start shaking as I see Choego's old frightening face look back at me with those red eyes. I thank god as he hits me rapidly making me drift away. No pain for now. . .
Back to the present.
"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!" A random person's scream. I start vibrating as I hear pain dissolve into screams echo away. I grit my teeth as I remember those days. . . Humans! Humans! Humans! They only die once. . . but sometimes, the worst take the longest time to die.




BUNKEM

Chapter 8

Daria's P/O/V
I inhale sharply at the reeking air around me. I lift my heavy head upwards to see something but it's way too dark. I don't feel a blindfold or anything though. I try to move a little but I'm paralysed with cold metal bonds around my body, I start spinning my head trying to see where am 'I and why I'm restricted like this on which seems to be a table. I freeze as I hear heavy footsteps coming towards me. I try to breathe as quietly as possible but my heart is doing a terrible job. I aw as sudden lights blind me. I try to open my eyes a little to peek around. My mouth dries up when I see the same guy who beat Guru and. . . Oldu stands in front of me.
"What's going on!? did you save me from the ghouls?" I ask non-stop. He keeps his boring stare as he hears me, fat under his undefined jaw and heavy creases on his forehead form like cake frosting.
"I asked you. . . !" Before I could continue my sentence, I get a bulky slap from him that makes my face feel squashed. I glare at him with deep narrowed eyes as pain dissolves into hatred. I eye his hands with crossed eyebrows. He's wearing gloves. . .
"Oh yeah, not a fan of touching ghouls." His voice calm.
"Excuse me? How dare you!? I'm not a ghoul!" I shriek. He strikes with another punch that makes me quite for a while. I peek at him. My stomach roars, letting me know a diarrhea is on its way as I scan him choosing something out of a big bag set of cutting tools. Before he comes anywhere near me I begin to panic about the panic I still didn't go through,
"Wait, what are planning to do? what do you need that thing for?!" I start wailing in fear. He looks up at me with his same dull expression, eyes heavy as if he had done this millions of times before.
"Need a sample of you." He notes not caring at all. My head starts thumbing really hard that I feel dead already. He takes my bonded arm roughly with his gloved hand garbing my index finger. I breathe really really loud at the thought of the upcoming pain. I try to beg him again but no words help me.
I don't scream as my finger snaps off my hand. . . I just stare at him with wide eyes trying to let the air out of my body but I forget how to breathe. My vision blurs with tears as I see him walking away with my bloody finger. I get acrimony, like the sight of poking a dead mouse, it's flesh making slimy noises but instead a human. Now that he left the room, the pain strikes. I start screaming and twisting in pain as tears fall on my face. . . not my familiar face, my new veins red lined face.
"AHHH!" I hear myself yell. If I just stayed home! that wretched life is way better than all this heart failing moments rather.

Oldu's P/O/V
I laugh hysterically trying to hide my pain and anger.
"You see old friend, I really really don't know anything about her. She's just a piece of meat to me." I muse trying to sound dulled by this.
"Oh come on, we both know she's not just a piece of meat to you. What happens when you eat normal humans? We know the answer to that right. What we don't know is what happened after you chucked her cheek?" Choego nags walking in circles lifting his eyes at me trying to see a flick of my diverse expression.
"I told you it was just like normal. . . " I ended tiredly. I swallow as Choego lulls marching. I know a lot of pain is followed by this. I'm done. . .
"I. . . I swear she has an ordinary taste. . . I. . . I. . . don't believe she's a ghoul, maybe she has a human disease?" I offer in a pleading tone as I eye him fetching in his old tools bag.
"I don't believe that, she has an abnormal cheek, and one of our ghoul friends said she doesn't smell like anything. . . " He stated while shaking his fleshy big noggin as he marches towards me. Darn, this jollux is in it for me.
"Then why don't you let one of your ghouls eat some of her!? They'll tell you! I might have not tasted something different cause of. . . " I swear under my breath at the most idiotic suggestion ever!
"Great suggestion. . . I'll do that. . . " He mumbles in an urge as he runs out of the room.I get a swimming vision as I make out what'll be the outcome of this. They'll know I lied. . . and make me pay. . . pay so much for it. Dung it!

Guru's P/O/V
I keep shivering at the coldness that hits my body playfully. They've put me in a freezer. I clung to myself as much as I can, feeling the short sleeved shirt underneath. My back is about to snap with the effort of shivering. Yes, I'm a ghoul. . . but I get hurt as well just not as fast as those bloody humans!
I wonder what Oldu and Daria are going through right now. . . I don't wish this on anyone. . . besides if they were humans. . . and I don't consider Daria as a human. She still never hurt me. . . Unlike everyone else. But who knows? they all play that *I'm a human* role then welcome you to their monster self. I shudder as I hear a loud scream. . . a scream that says a thousand words. Another louder one follows, the same person. I clench my teeth as I notice who's voice it belongs to. . .
DARIA.




DRAPETOMANIA

Chapter 9

Daria's P/O/V
I dig my fingernails in my palms trying to reduce the torment I'm receiving.
"Enough!" I hear in a hazy way as if I'm underwater. I gasp again at the third bite I get from her. . . the ghoul. My faint crying was disturbed by her and the bold man moments ago, I have no idea why they're letting this woman eat me. And no, the biting pain wasn't enough, the blood that pours out of my wounds burns me like a blazing fire on my unharmed skin as it spreads over my body. I hear the bold man yell in annoyance as he grabs the women with one hand knocking her on the floor. I gulp and take a deep breath in a vibration way as I try to move, slip down from the table since I'm not glued to it. It felt like a million needles all stabbing me at once.
I manage to sit up with a miracle, I look down at my body in shock, now a disgusting, steady, stream of blood was pooling out of me. I bite down my lip and hold the sea tears back. I'm going to die. . . I didn't even say goodbye to everyone. Tomy will be shocked.
"Help me. . . " I whisper looking up at the metal door as I get an indescribable feeling of excruciating pain that left me with energy too little to even let out a shriek. I look down at my hand getting knocked down with the outrage view as I gaze at my hand. I sniff in the water in my nose. The finger that was cut off previously now is replaced with another one. . . no not the same normal one. A finger with a dark pink polished nail. You would think I'm out of my mind because of the pain, but seriously, where on earth and how did I get a pink polished nail?! and how did I get a finger!? I feel numb as I see a long red line goes up my arm. Veins. . .
"No. . . no no! not more of these!" I yell.
Before I could examine my new red line, I get pulled away with a rough grip making me lose balance, the bold man lays me on the table again with his lips pursed and his tiny eyes squinting. I lounge my arm at him once and stop. I don't have the ability to struggle. He bonds me again like a plastic bag then walk towards the ghoul women.
"So!? What did she taste like!? do you feel different!?" He shrills desperate.
"It. . . It. . . it burned my throat but tasted like nothing I ever ate!" She replied joyful, a wide smile on her blood pouring face. She does look like a proper ghoul. . . the poor outfit, dirty, looks like she hasn't showered for a while, veins, and blood all over her.
"Burns but tasty! want more!" She keeps repeating. I jerk up as I hear a crack. I just try to breathe as I hear her body drop to the floor lifeless.
They take me out of the room, I don't bother to walk, leaving them to drag me with a blindfold on my eyes. I'm so tired. . . so exhausted. . . so . . .
They stop and I sneeze choking at the strong familiar odor. I moan as they get my blindfold off. I immediately vomit in front of my knees. My eyes burn when I look at a lot of poor dressed sitting people. I gasp for air watching the disgusting pool of blood underneath me. This's the second time I throw up blood. . . a lot of it.
"Hmmmm, you get a nosebleed when there's only one ghoul but vomit blood when there's a bunch of them and your eyes burn as well. Interesting." I hear the bold man say making me confused.
"These people are ghouls?" I ask trying to waste time. He nods slowly and walks towards me.
"What exactly do you want from me? do you even know who I 'am? Do you know who is my dad?" I dare him with a firm glare.
"I don't really care, all I care is to know what are you." He speaks coldly.
"I'm your upcoming nightmare that's what I 'am, you dog!" I growl. The guards jerk me roughly at my statement.
"Anyway, you'll be free in a couple of minutes so please be patient." The boldly requests. Is he serious!? After he does some types and gets a phone call, he asks the men holding me to cover my eyes again as they take me away.
They throw me on the hard ground leaving me alone. I stay still for a while making sure they left, then urge taking the fold off my eyes. I look around short of breath. It's getting dark. . . I see Guru laying on the floor shivering and Oldu near him, blood pouring out of his head. I crawl to them, I place a hand on Guru. He's colder than ice. I peek at Oldu who's twisting and moaning. I look up trying to see where am I. I stand up giving my cuts a pinch of salt. With a last glance at Guru, I walk away.
"No, wait. . . " I spin around to see which one of them spoke. I watch Oldu getting up to his feet. I keep walking away, peeping at him.
"I'm going home." I below.
"Wait!" He shouts, his voice giddy. I rush my steps. I take a turn to an ally. . . I freeze.
"Hey!" Oldu shouts looking for me. His steps stop, I feel his presence behind me.
"What are you two doing here?" I utter, my chest not finding enough air. Tears squeeze out of my eyes. . . I try to find words whilst I eye them both, Jaydon and Tomy. My brothers. They followed me out!
"Take me back. I don't li. . . " Jaydon cuts me off.
"Shut up! Just shut up you idiot." He reprimands his voice harsh.
Tomy makes a sudden approach and places his hand on my shoulder. I try to smile but he gives me a push and I stumble to the right falling to the ground into a pool of urine-scented water. I blink rapidly trying to process what's happening. What's with the tight black trousers and boots. . . jackets and everything? Both my brothers face Oldu. And I flutter at the thought they're actually helping me. My fingers tingle. As I see those familiar veins appear around Jaydon's mouth, I glance at Tomy. . . it draws on his skin too. My chest crushes, I should get up, run, leave. . . anything to stop looking at this. But my eyes don't even blink. I glue my eyes on them, trying to connect the picture, those kinds of veins only appear on a ghoul when they're just about to eat. . .
Why on earth do they look like GHOULS??!??




CRASS

Chapter 10

Daria's P/O/V
So basically, both of my brothers and Oldu snarl at each other.
"Nice to see you two again, what's up." Oldu muses rapildly with the plastered smirk on his banana face. . . whoa. . . again? When did he see them? How come he knows them. . . I give a glance to my brothers making sure it's them.
"Well, it's not nice seeing you again Oldu." Jaydon shoots words in a malicious tone, from that rude mouth of his. Did he just say nice? How is this anywhere near nice? I look from one to another. Jaydon motions his head my way. Tomy slogs towards me. He grabs me by the arms, pulling me up on my feet. Before I get the chance to say a thing he drags me away, not caring the moment I stumble over a sharp piece that pricks my shoe-less feet and fall to my knees, he keeps skiing me making my already hurt skin scratch over the ground. He pelts me in a big van, bigger than the one I remember seeing in pictures at my dad's library. I position myself in order to ease the soreness of my wounds, scrutinising my brothers. They load Guru's unconscious body followed by Oldu, moaning as they throw him effortlessly and efficiently.

Guru's P/O/V
I flick open my eyes, blinking a couple of times as they stick together. I feel an awareness, I know I'm awake, though I don't want to be. I feel numb, but I welcome joy as I realise I'm not in a freezer. I let out a silent breath as I recce Daria sitting somewhat near me. She looks down at me, her baby face disturbed by the red lines. She opens her mouth to say something, but all that comes out are deep, gut-wrenching sobs that convulse her, making me huff at her view. Her orange eyes are sagging with tirdness and purple smudge is beneath her lashes. The blood running down her nose doesn't look as if it's bothering her anymore. She buries her head in her lap, and rocks back and forth hugging her knees to her chest. Is this the girl dad told me about? Should I be scared of this? For some reason, I feel pathetic looking at her.
I lay back, closing my eyes again thinking of bad times as I jerk up and down. . . I snap sitting up, I smell them! I halt to my feet looking around me pushing back my pain and drama feelings. I'm in a van. . . I bounce towards the doors. I fly back and fall to the floor. The van halted. I grit my teeth as I smell them. . . walking around us.

Daria's P/O/V
I look up as the Van doors fly open. My brothers stand there, their eyes darting.
"You look like a walking corpse, man." Jaydon mocks at Guru who I just spotted standing on his feet as rage eats his face.
"Thanks. Tell me something I don't know." Guru replies satiric, his voice tight.
"The bags under your eyes are quite a delectable shade of purple. What brand is that?" My brother Jaydon teases, putting his hand under his chin while Tomy stands still quietly, staring at the black and white stripped van ceiling. He's counting things again.
"Pain." Guru utters garting.
"Nice. Gotta try that some time." Jaydon replies. . . he never speaks like that. Ever. Gotta? When did he hear that accent?
"It's kinda hard to find, I'll give you one, no payment needed," Guru adds with gritted teeth.
"Guru!" I call pushing myself up. He jumps on Jaydon knocking him on the ground outside the Van. Punches and kicks fly around. Tomy rolls his eyes facing them. He throws a kick at Guru and he goes flying like a stone. I ogle at Tomy. . . how can he kick so hard? I always thought he was. . . well, quiet and peaceful. He spins around, espying me looking at him. I back away as I watch him step in the van, juggling it. Approaching me with his hands jittery. His long fringe waves up and down.
"Tomy. . . please. . . " I don't even know what to beg him for. I push myself into a corner. He stands in front of me looking right into my eyes and that odour of molded olives seeps in. Is it the smell of Gulibyana city or what?
"You disgust me." He exalts deeply. It sounds as if he was keeping it in for a long time.
"To. . .Tomy. . . " I mumble with no control over the salty tears that leave my eyes making me look like a weak wimp. They take the three of us inside a stifling building, they seat us and put cold metallic bonds around us.
I pull the skin off my lips. I don't know if I'll regret this but, I feel home-sick. I let out a breath and a huge wave of vomit makes my whole-body ache at the force of letting it out. Blood again. . . I try to catch my breath, scanning the dull room. . . I yelp as the room door clicks open. I got scared of a door. . . I'm pathetic. A girl sweeps in, her head held high, heels stomping the floor. A black mask covers her mouth, only her left eye visible, other covered with wavy black hair. She stands in the middle as other people barge in, lining behind her. . . My heart beats louder and louder as more of them walk in. . . ghouls. I get a feeling of dread creeping up from the pit of my stomach. Not because I just realised who's behind that mask, of course, those outlined eyes gave it away. Reeve. But that's not so important now, the main freaky thing is, how they're all looking at me. Snarling, crinkling their noses. . .
I Hope I'm not a meal this time. . . 




DENEGATION

Chapter 11

Daria's P/O/V
"Hey, Daria." I blink rapidly trying to adjust my sore stinging eyes, peering at Reeve as she speaks to me. She doesn't take off her mask. She starts walking towards me and I try to back away as I close my eyes. It hurts. I breathe heavily as she strokes my cheek slowly.
"Fascinating." She says her eyes landing on mine. I jerk away.
"What's going on? please! just explain." I choke upon the words begging her, my eyes starting to water as regret carve me. But, would I have learned all this stuff if I was home today? Were they going to tell me they're leaving the house?
"Oh sis, I want to tell you but, it's against the rules here. Sorry. First you tell me what I want then I'll tell you every bit you wanna know. Okay." She speaks with a snooty tone I never heard her use before. She sounds like a fake drama queen. I nod in agreement. Does she want to know why I escaped? Gladly, not a big thing to hide anyway.
"One question each, I ask you, you answer then you ask me and I answer, and so on. Yeah." She implies sitting on a gold metal chair, leg on another, one of the people, or should I say, ghouls, placed for her like a butler.
"Let's begin. What are you now?" She asks in a serious tone.
"I didn't want to say this but. . . I'm a HUMAN! why does everyone keep asking me that?!" I yell, jerking the chair I'm gripping tightly. Reeve doesn't react at all,
"Maybe you should consider the. . . uh," She looks up for a moment then gestures at her face,
"That ugly face of yours." She remarks her face scornful. Rolling her eyes almost reminding me of the same Reeve at home. I try to say something but I'm speechless. I jerk in my seat as I hear Guru say something.
"Stop trying, she doesn't know. She's useless to you, believe me, Reeve." He says not meeting my eyes. Somehow, my thoughts form into words.
"Sorry!? you know you're talking to my sister rather?" I tell him annoyed at how rude he is, besides, how come everyone knows everyone? Well besides me.
"Shut your hole." She echoes sternly. Her eyes back at me.
"Daria, did you ever eat human flesh?" Reeve asks me and my mouth falls open at the question.
"Reeve. . . what are you saying? can you hear yourse. . . " She cuts me off with a demanding tone,
"Just answer the question!" She presses.
"No I wont! You said one question each! I didn't ask you yet!" I yell at her daring her to kill me at most. She sighs,
"Go on."
I look to my left eyeing Guru and Oldu as they stare at me waiting. I swallow,
"Why are you here? I mean, aren't you supposed to be at home? and why is Tomy and Jordan uh. . . you know. I don't understand a thing. It's like I'm in a nightmare all of a sudden." I ask the longest question ever. She gets to her feet posing in front of everyone like a model,
"Same as you, nothing new. We basically found a way to leave home and be there from time to time. Besides, you invited yourself to this nightmare. No one told you to run away." She tells me which makes me a lot more confused.
"What? Why are you lying? I almost saw you every day at home, and what are you doing with ghouls?" I let out my last words feeling the air isn't available anymore. She looks around nodding at one of the men and he rushes out. She comes forward and takes off her mask.
"Because I'm one sis." She whispers.

Oldu's P/O/V
I study Daria, her face becoming as white as chalk with her lips trembling like a candle in the wind. She kenches.
"Oh come on. . . I know you aren't a ghoul. It's the worst lie ever you know. . ." She profanes. I look away, smiling. Good for her. She deserves it all. Guru spins around looking at me with sharp eyes and pressed lips.
"Hi." I patronize. He looks away from me back at Daria. The man Reeve sent came back with a pot in his hand, I instantly pick the whiff of the human flesh in it. Oh, I guess that'll be fun. Reeve takes it in her hands opening the lid, throwing it carelessly on the floor.
Reeve's gloved hand moves rapidly into the pot, Daria backs away as much as she can in her chair as Reeve brings out her hand full of flesh. Daria seems to get what's just about to happen because her mouth gapes open and she starts mumbling a faint no over and over. Her shocked expression draws laughter from the rest of us, we would fight for that chunk of meat and she's looking at it as if it's poo.Reeve grabs Daria's shoulder, jerking her back and forth, making her open her mouth and yell, but the scream fades as her mouth fills up with flesh.

Guru's P/O/V
Daria keeps shaking her head to get rid of Reeve's grip but she doesn't succeed. This's bad. . . so bad. I have to do something!
"EAT IT." Reeve presses at Daria, who seems to have gone still all of a sudden. Her eyes are closed shut and her chest doesn't seem as if air is playing with it which makes me of all panic a little.
"She's not breathing." I point out. Reeve stays still.
"She's doing it for show." Reeve implies sounding nasal as if she knows Daria too well.
"You hear me well Daria, I'm not taking my hand off until you swallow the whole thing!" She prods. Daria doesn't reply at all. We wait for a minute but nothing happens.
"Reeve, she'll die. She's really not breathing." I add. She peeks at me her eyes narrow.
"She's not human Guru, she'll be fine." I hear Oldu say under his breath. I spin around my jaw tight.
"You don't know that." I press glaring at him.
"What the hell!" I spin my head, feeling a muscle pain as I hear Reeve's panicked voice. Daria's eyes are open and she has a completely different sight glued to them.
"Daria? you okay?" I ask her, leaning trying to see her eyes more clearly. . . she spins her head slowly making Reeve's grip break as she glares at me. I chill to the bone, her eyes turned dark pink, there isn't even a hint of white in them which looks scary as heck. We shouldn't have triggered her. . .
"Okay, now I'm hundred percent sure she's not human," I say out loud. But something slightly cuter and scarier.




NEMESISIM

Chapter 12

Guru's P/O/V
I swallow hard eyeing Daria as she moans like a hurt puppy. Reeve backs away for a better look at her, leaning left and right inspecting her. We all jump in our places as Daria rips the rope around her, standing up. I myself couldn't budge it.
"Reeve!" She yells in a deep fruity voice, so skinny belonging to a child making us gaze at her up and down. I blink. she charges towards Reeve making her stumble to the floor with a thud, then throws a punch softly but I must say she seems to hurt Reeve a lot. She bounces off Reeve and jumps to her feet spinning around facing me and Oldu. She walks towards me. She pulls at the cuffs on me. As soon as she frees me, she falls to the ground, as if in faint.

Oldu's P/O/V.
Guru immediately kneels down beside Daria, glancing at me in question. It's her! The ghouls around us jump on them pining them to the floor. I smirk biting my lower lip in amusement. Reeve jumps to her feet as anger floods her bloodshot eyes rapidly.
"Put them in a cell and watch them around the clock!" She orders storming out of the room.
I role my eyes as I watch Daria sitting before me on the freezing steal chair. Her noggin squeezed in the little square she made with her trembling arms on the steal grey table. I change my sitting position bored with this situation. I close my eyes trying to rest my throbbing noggin.
"What's going on with you?" I hear Daria ask after a while. I open my eyes thinking she's speaking to me. Instead, she was eyeing Guru who's in a crawling position on the floor breathing heavily. I sit up titling my noggin trying to understand what's wrong with the jerk. He falls to the ground with a moan, clinging his belly.
"Oh shit!" My chair scratches on the floor. I get up,
"Daria move away!" I order before I count my words. Daria looks up at me frowning.
"Now!" I yell again rushing to get her up. I pull her by the arm to my side pushing her behind me, my eyes fixed on Guru.
"What's wrong? He looks in pain." Daria speaks stiffly and I push her even harder behind me.

Daria's P/O/V
My eyes dart from Guru who's laying on the floor moaning as he keeps moving his legs up and down as if he has cramps to Oldu who's suddenly acting like Guru. I look at their cloth again and wonder if this's some prank. I only part them apart with the outfit but now I'm not sure. I jerk my arm out of Oldu's hand. He glances at me for a moment. He then runs to the cell poles and starts to speak to the man who's watching us.
"You have to call Reeve! it's an emergency!" He says glancing back at Guru momentarily. The man doesn't reply so he bangs the poles roughly. Guru lays on his belly pushing himself and steps up to me. I could smell his rancid breath from a foot away. I swallow hard as he stands on his feet.
"Guru. . . ?" I stutter and step back as I scan him coming towards me with those hungry ghoul veins formed around his lips. Presently Oldu rushes from the back, garbing Guru by the shoulder then pulling him backward toughly tip-carting his arm, and pinned it with his knee. Guru winced with the fall, then a harsh punch swung under his jaw by oldu.
"Since when haven't you eaten you kerfuffle!?" Oldu shouts. They became tangled in each other's hits and kicks which is driving me crazy. Before I decide to try and pull them off each other, Guru places himself on top of Oldu and start knocking the breath out of him with loud screams of anger. As soon as oldu remains motionless, Guru looks up at me which leaves me with an open dropped mouth. He steps away from Oldu and marches towards me. I'm pined to the wall with a beating heart.
"What has gotten into you?" I ask him trying to sound tough, but a giggle of fear burbs up. He doesn't answer me at all but eyes the man who's guarding us. He fiddles with a device, calling for back up. Guru steps closer to me with sweat trickling down his forehead, shining because of the room's bluish light.
"I'm sorry. . . it's the only way." He whispers taking my arm roughly.
"What are you doing?" I scream as I feel my heart is out of its usual place.
"Don't do this. . . " I beg him my chest rising up and down.
"It's for you. . . you can't leave otherwise." He tells me. And before I could understand, he breaks off my finger and slices the dangling thing off. I scream in pain falling to the floor as I feel breath isn't important to me as much as this pain to be gone.

Guru's P/O/V
I grit my teeth as I see her crying with a pain I caused her. I bite the inside of my cheek eyeing the bloody finger in my hands burning me and hurry towards the guard.
"I'll give you this on one condition." I offer him watching his eyes lust for it.
"Let her leave." I proceed out of breath. He nods rapidly opening the cell door widely at the craving in my hand, I throw it to him stepping away. I hurry to Daria snatching her off the floor throwing her out of the cell while the guard is busy. Thankfully the guard is a ghoul, which is good. But unfortunately, everyone here is, which is bad. Daria looks up at me, her eyes half shut and her mouth gaped open crying out loud.
"Hurry! Find your way out of here!" I tell her glancing at the guard, cause once he's done with the meal, he'll want a bigger chunk. I spot the keys laying on the floor. I pick them up, lock the door and throw it, out of reach.
"What should I do! Uhh" She sobs sitting on the ground.
"Leave! Just go! Now!" I yell at her. She lets out a hiccup. . .
"Damn it! Run! Go!" I slam the poles. She leans, starts to crawl. . . she glances back at me. She looks away. . . after a few seconds, she stands up and gimps away, her eyes fixed on me momentarily. I smile at her for a second. As soon as I see her out of view I let out a breath and let my body fall to the floor. I can make it out of here afterwards alive but if she stayed. . . I would have killed her myself. And I really don't need any more people on my list. . . I've got enough already.




ABULIA

Chapter 13

Daria's P/O/V
I run as fast as I can through poorly lighted corridors, hearing my heart beats instead of a race tone. While running, my feet tap tap on the floor. . . I pull up my dress a bit, inspecting the places where my injuries were. They all healed. . .
"Aghhh!!" I yelp as I bump into a wall because of my rapid swing to turn. I pick up my pace again, running out of breath until I hear some loud voices of laughter. I ski to a stop tilting my head at the unfamiliar people. . . ghouls. I still can't believe they actually laugh! They glance up at me, their eyes fixed on my eyes that I don't dare to look away. There's a couple of boys and girls sitting, I spot a boy sitting in the corner, his lips moving soundlessly. I ignore him since I don't understand what he wants to say.
"Do. . . do you guys know umm. . . the way out?" I ask almost bursting into tense laughter in front of them.
"Whoa wait!! what's up with your finger?. . . " One of the girls with bushy broom-like hair asks. I look down at my hand and slide it under my armpit hiding the blood and all.
"Walk that way and slide down the hole." The boy in the corner tells me pointing to the right corridor.
"Why on earth did you tell her you snark!?" A tall wide shouldered boy screams at the one in the corner. I start walking away trying to ease my thoughts as I break the eye contact with the boy who helped me. I run the direction I was told of and arrive in an open area with holes in the ground. . . I might be near my exit but the thing is, there's more than one hole. . . but one of them is the way out. . . I look around in despair. Why didn't he tell me which one!?? now I may call him an idiot!
"What should I do! Oh my god. . . " I grab my head studying the holes. I glance behind me at the sound of footsteps. I close my eyes shut. Not looking at the holes I push my feet in front. . . maybe I'll be lucky and fall into the right hole. . . A hand grabs me hard, pinning me to my place as I was falling forward. The fingers dig into my shoulder. I open my eyes and peek behind me to see who stopped me.
"That isn't the right one. . ." Tomy my quite brother whispers to me. He pulls me back, throwing me backwards. I stay still in my awkward spot waiting for him to make a move. He spins around fixing his eyes on me.
"You disgust me." He says deeply just like the last time he did. I grit my teeth standing to my feet. Before I could say anything, he cuts me off.
"It's that one." He tells me pointing at one of the holes. I look at him feeling the thick moldy air around us. I swallow hard looking from him to the hole in silence. I take a slow step forward towards the hole unsure what to do.
"But. . . I'm not letting you go like this." I stop as I hear him say those words. Is he coming with me? I focus my eyes on him feeling like shooting him right now, right here, right in the head.
"Then how will you let me go? you want me to stay here to die?" I yell at him taking a step towards him throwing a punch at him as hard as I can. He takes my fist in his palm stopping me.
"Why are you doing this. . . ?" He asks me making me jerk my hand out from his.
"Why? Why?! because I don't know who are you anymore, and I have a sliced finger!" I scream, showing him my bloody hand. . . My eyes dart from him to my hand as I find my finger in a good condition.
"It was sliced. . . I swear. . . " I mumble feeling crazy now.
"Did you say you don't know who I 'am anymore? huh. . . Did you EVER know me for real Daria?" He asks his face turning dark red, face shining with sweat.
"You don't have the right to say that! you never knew any of us! and I'm betting, you don't even know YOURself so good." He raves as if he's throwing poison at me. He steps in front of me, wiping at his face. I wince as he grabs my hair roughly making me aw in pain as he pulls me away to a corner. As if he has magic, many people appear beside us and I can tell they're all ghouls as soon as my eyes start to burn.
"I told you which hole is the way out." He says walking away. I eye each one of them and their hungry mouths. . .
"Don't ever say I'm not a good brother." He remarks smiling, flicking his bangs. So funny. I watch him leave.
"Wait, Tomy!" I call my brother.
"I'll stay," I tell him surrendering. I see him spinning around with that weird happy look on his face.
"You don't have a choice sis." He tells me. I try to breathe. I study the ghouls, taking a step forward, my eyes fixed on them. I shake my head, my eyes are blurry. I push my hand in front of me like a stop sign as soon as one of the ghouls jumps forward.
"Wait!. . . wait. Let me say one thing Tomy, to everyone before anything." I beg. He inspects me quietly.
"You all know that I'm Tomy's sister, right? you can't smell me but you know I taste good, right? well, guess what? Tomy tastes good as well. . . he's my brother after all. . . same blood and. . . uh flesh." I say trying to make them fall for my own stupid words. They're ghouls, they can't tell if I'm lying right? They all look from me to Tomy who's lips are pressed tight as if ironed.
"What are you talking about? I'm a ghoul, you idiot! unlike you!" He yells, voice tight. I prick a smile,
"Oh yes? who said I'm not one? by now you must have heard what I did to Reeve. I might not have control over it but I can become worse at any time. You think I don't know what I'am? huh, I just lied to see what'll happen since I was so bored at home. . . " I go on. God, it's scary how easily I can list lies. I guess I'm really scared that I can lie this perfectly. Tomy squints his eyes at me, he doesn't seem to know if I'm lying or speaking the truth. Seriously?

Tomy's P/O/V
What on earth is she talking about!? does she really know what she is! I did this to make her talk. . . does she know what I'm trying to do or doesn't she?
"What do you mean Daria!? If you're speaking the truth, you would tell what you are. What's the point of hiding it?" I tell her trying to look sure of myself. Dad would've told us if he knew. . .

Daria's P/O/V
I grit my teeth looking around. . . what lie should I choose!? say I'm a ghoul!? I don't smell like one and I can't eat humans. . .
"I'm half human half a ghoul!" I yell back at him hoping he'll believe it. I stare at his blank expression. . . We both used to wonder what a half human, ghoul would look like.

Tomy's P/O/V
I really thought she knew. . . I never thought of her to be this stupid. Half?! huh, she has no idea. . .
"Sis you know what?. . . " I stand in my full dope look staring at her.

Daria's P/O/V
My hands turn into fists as soon as I see that smirk on his face. He didn't buy my lie. . . I guess I can say the lie was too perfect for him. I take a step closer to one of the holes which isn't the right one, knowing they won't stop me if I do so.
". . . You've got no clue." He finishes his sentence. I take a deep breath and run as fast as I can, I throw myself into the hole closing my eyes. I keep falling down. I scream at the gigs of some sharp blades around me slicing me a bit all the way down. I open my eyes but it's way too dark.
I keep falling for a short period then fall out. I yelp as I fall into a cold water. I blink scanning my surroundings. I splash the water trying to stay above water. I spot people around me. . . off the water all sitting in a circle, it seems I'm in a pond. . . in a cave? Or something like that. At least the pond is not too deep I can touch the ground with my toes.
"Help me out!" I yell but they all keep staring at me as if I'm some kind of unnecessary being. I help myself out throwing my body on the ground breathing heavily. It's a cave I guess. . . well, a modern one made of walls. I sit up straight gazing at the people.
"Thanks for the help." I prod in an ironic tone. They're all different ages. Women holding her baby. . . an old man sitting next to a young boy. . . Many of them looking skinny hungry and restless with smudges of dirt on their skin. I wonder what they're doing here? Do they have anything to do with the ghouls? are they homeless people? yes I guess so.
"What are you doing here? There are ghouls up there. We should run away." I talk to an old man but he keeps his lips shut as if sewed. I stand up ignoring them all looking for a way out, at least I can tell they're not ghouls so I'm safe. I spot a metal door so I run to it. I scan it from top to bottom.
"Where's the handle?" I rail out loud. I bang it but soon stop. What if whoever hears the banging is a ghoul? And they come for me?. . . I groan closing my eyes. . . The door flows open roughly pushing me against the door squeezing me between the wall. My mouth is gaped open and I wince at the taste of concrete my tongue lickes by mistake. I shut my lips and try to lean out of the heavy door. A couple of men in suits walk in. A man kicks one of the people with seedy laughter.
"I see that the work has been well-taken care of. This's a very good stock for the month." The man profanes his voice gruttral. What does he mean by stock? I stifle under the heavy door. With a strong pull, I heave my body out and stumble on the floor. I stand to my feet running towards the man in the suit since he's the one who looks in charge.
"Sir! help me!" I yell standing behind him, pinned by the men around him that seem like guards. He spins around rapidly at the sound of my voice. He has a white pollution mask on.
"Please!! I'm not supposed to be here! there are ghouls up there!" I plead looking back at the armed door. The man in the suit steps backward swearing under his breath. My eyes begin to burn. . . someone here is a ghoul. Maybe I should've tried to break out through the door.
"What on earth are you doing here Daria!?" The man asks me. My mouth falls open as I recognise his voice. I don't need to see his face to know who that thick voice belongs to. . . it's my guard's. Why though? Why my guard?




MAUDLIN

Chapter 14

Daria's P/O/V
My guard escorts me with him, pulling at me like a criminal or something. He looks completely different without his slim fit suit. His shoulders are sprinkled with dandruff as always. He takes me to an office-like room and tells me to wait. I act all stupid as if I trust him with my life. But as soon as he leaves the room, I start looking for anything useful. I find a long coat which I take and wear because I'm freezing in my ripped yellow dress. I find tape and scissors which I don't hesitate to take no matter how stupid it seems.
"Daria. . . meet Tide." I spin around as I hear my guard introduce someone. He steps into the room, followed by a man who seems in his twenties. He's wearing a simple blue tracksuit with brown boots. He looks at me with a tight smile as if he knows so many good things about me already. . . acting all not surprised even as he looks at my face with all the red lines and everything.
"Um. . . Hi!" He waves kind of looking hesitant, gliding towards me lifting his hand for me to shake. I hesitate as the image of my bloody hand blinds me. I look away, ignoring his hand.
"Tide'll help you." My guard informs, gesturing for us to leave. I look at them not sure what to do. Does he want me to trust them? Did they even speak in advance to each other about me? Tide nods at me with a soft face.
"Is it dad's order?" I ask my guard. He hesitates, glancing at Tide.
"No it's not. Just trust me." My guard, that I don't even know his name asks me to trust him. I think for a moment,
"What should I tell dad when I get there?" I ask my guard.
"Just go, for now, you can't stay here." He urges, fiddling with his suit sleeves. Tide escorts me through a corridor, grabbing my arm softly, nodding with a plastered smile at every person we walk past. I check him out, my eyes settling on a lanyard around his neck attached to an ID card. We stop in front of a sign saying WC. He takes me in one of the stalls, closing the door rapidly. I watch him silently, squeezed in the little meter toilet wondering what's he up to. He kneels down to the floor, his thin gelled hair touching the toilet seat momentarily. Eww. He fiddles with some nails, in five minutes, he takes the toilet set out of its place. He glances up at me, his mouth gaped, face blushed and his hair glued to his forehead with sweat.
"Come on, get down." He utters catching his breath, gesturing at the hole in the floor.
"That's the way home?" I lift my left eyebrow in a scornful gesture. He hesitates, then nods quickly. I sigh approaching towards it. Guess ghouls won't catch us this way.
"Should I take my coat off?" I ask him, he shakes his head. I push my shoeless feet in first, sitting on the floor now, I peek at him then push myself in, falling into a dark dump stinking water. I look up at the hole I came down from gasping at the air. I try to swim away as I see Tide coming down as well. I keep my lips shut when his feet land on my shoulder. I tell myself to be positive about my situation. Gladly, the water isn't that deep but my feet are barely touching the ground. We swim-walk away, me following Tide as he looks around for the way out with his torch. After drinking two litres of dump water, we find the way out.
"Where're we going now?" I ask Tide walking behind him, striding towards the bin and abandon the heavy coat.
"I've got a place around here we can go to." He rails without looking at me.
"We're not going home?" I quicken my steps ogling at him.
"Can't you see it's the middle of the night?" He states not meeting my eyes.
"And we're too far away from your house." He adds. Is he indicating to ghouls danger? They were out in the morning that day in the market. We arrive at a haunted-like place, what they call street art is all over the walls. Not the professional street art I was taught about. Tide asks me to hide behind a big bin stall. Telling there's someone in his house. I nod as I realise he's going to sit there with me. We sit still. . . waiting for someone to leave the building behind us.
"I respect your parents, they raised you very well," Tide says out of the blue which makes me uncomfortable. I don't know this guy and it doesn't seem right for him to talk about judging me. He gives me an awkward smile then looks down at his bended knees.
"Haven't you thought if I was really well raised I wouldn't be here in the street hiding behind a bin? With a stranger?" I remark. He presses a smile. I sigh. Probably dad paid him very well, to endure all this stress he's going through.
"Why didn't anyone react to my face back in the building? While we were walking towards the toilet I mean." I ask, glancing at his mouth gaped face in annoyance.
"Uh. . . I don't think I can tell you, no offence!" He stutters fiddling with his chestnut watch. I look down at my feet, ignoring his useless reply.
"What happened to your shoes?" He whispers.
"I don't remember exactly when or where I lost my sandals," I reply honestly. I quickly careen away when he places his hand on my mouth, shushing me. I hear footsteps close by. I glance up at the building behind us, learning Tide's apartment is lightless. I close my eyes to help myself be quit.
We go up to the apartment, which looks like a small tiny flat full of old furniture. He keeps walking around in a hurry filling a bag in his hand with stuff I spot only seconds before he chucks them in. I stand in the middle of it all, wondering if this's where he lives.
"Why didn't you just lock the door?" I refer to the person who broke in.
". . . umm, if you want to take a quick shower it's there. We've got a long way ahead of us. . . " Tide offers pointing at a one layer white painted door, scanning me from top to bottom.
"Sorry." I apologize glancing at my dress as it drips water on the plastic wood shaped flooring. But he's dripping water too.
He hurtles to the only room in the flat, coming back with pieces of outfits in his hand. I grab them walking towards the bathroom, feeling a big weight on my shoulders that the water probably won't wash off. It seems like my life isn't going back to normal yet. . .

5 Months LATER.
I hold my gun in front of me steadily as Tide taught me. My fingers curling around it.
"Well!? wake up! you're holding a loaded gun! act like it!" Tide shrieks, throwing another mouthful of soda. . .
"Wipe that grin off your face. It's hard to do this." I press gritting my teeth. I stamp my foot, my eyes glued to the glowing screen. This play station or whatever is really hard! He leans towards me and whispers,
"Think about it Ria, 10000 quid! I'll buy you something yellow. I swear." He implies to encourage me. Og. Og. Og. . . His throat makes that irritating noise again as he drinks. I close my eyes to concentrate. One. . . two. . . three. . . I fire at the screen wincing at the loud sound of the virtual shot. I open my left eye, glancing at Tide next to me watching his familiar gaped mouth open face.
"10000 quid. . . IS MINE!!!!" He screams jumping up and down screaming none stop.
"Ouuuu! This's amazing! I can buy anything! My life's a rainbow!" He proceeds. I crack a smile putting the gun back on the machine, taking the receipt to receive the money. As we walk away streaming past the line of people here to play, I shudder as I spot a man looking at us narrowing his eyes.
"What's the matter!? lost your eyes man? if you want the money then play like her. She's the queen of the gaaaaaaame. . . no ones gonna. . . " I kick Tide shushing him of his dumb song he's making while the man looks ready to punch, so we march away. We receive our money and end up spending most of it on food. . .
"I don't regret nothing! that chicken was like. . . like heaven!" Tide yells into space. I keep walking beside him with my hoodie on staring down at my shoes.
"What you think? did you enjoy your meal!?" He asks me tapping me on the shoulder. I shake my shoulder to get rid of his touch nodding at him.
"I wasn't lying about buying you something yellow tho you know." He says adjusting his cool looking cap as we walk past an alley. I hear footsteps. . . I stop in my tracks as my heart starts to race.
"You okay?" Tide asks looking back at me, his voice nasal. I take off my hoodie. Spinning around, getting the urge to pee. My eyes search the street spotting every smudge on the ground and the walls. . . not spotting anyone.
"Daria. . . " Tide calls me quietly this time, with my full name instead of the nickname Ria. I look back at him feeling pathetic putting back on my hood.

Tide's P/O/V
"Just shut up." Daria presses quietly trying not to sound rude as always striding across me. I follow her looking at her back knowing what she stopped for but acting idiot for her sake. It hasn't been that long knowing her, since she hardly speaks anyway, but I do know a lot. She's always on edge. . .




FALLACY

Chapter 15

Daria's P/O/V
I mix the milk rapidly in the mug. It's my secret of making the best coffee. . . well, the one Florence taught me. Brushing my forehead out of habit, I put the mixed coffee in Tide's white cup. I prepare his breakfast in the little kitchen silently. I take the tray I prepared for Tide walking out, leaving the little flat door open. I walk upstairs, my flip flops cutting through the silence. Instead of going back home that day, I ended being a butler. I leave the tray in front of his door walking back downstairs.
After a couple of hours, I hear a knock on the door and I groan in annoyance. I'm enjoying my time in my comfy place and now it's ruined. I get up and open the door to face Tide.
"Hey, thanks for the breakfast." He says handing me the tray with unwashed dishes. I grit my teeth wondering what should I do to him. He stares for a moment then break into nervous laughter,
"I. . . my sink tab isn't working so well so. . . I brought the dishes to wash them here." He echoes peering down at the dishes. I stay still,
"Myself! I'm washing them myself of course." He adds quickly hopping from one foot to another.
"Yeah, you do that," I say moving aside letting him through. I stand next to the open door waiting for him to finish then leave. He washes them quickly then hurries back out. I look away too sick to meet his reading eyes.
"What you say we head to the new mall?" He asks me with a deep silvery voice. I want to head home!
"No." I reply shortly. He looks away, blinking in silence.
"I want to go home. When am I going home Tide?" My voice wobbly. He told me dad ordered for me to stay here.
"It's. . . uh, my birth day today. So I was hoping to have fun." I glance back at him, curious when he said it was his birthday. He looks at me with pleading eyes like a toddler, sweeping my question away. This's it. Guess I'll have to run away from this place too.
"Well um. . . I guess we can go for a while." I offer, twitching my hands. I hold up my hand to stop him as he shrieks in happiness.
"In one condition." I press closing my eyes to take a deep breath.
"One condition? yeah sure. . . " He prods sounding as if he's rolling his eyes at me.
"We'll leave right now and be back before five o'clock." I proceed getting my hoodie, ready to leave as he mumbles in annoyance.

Tide's P/O/V
Gladly, I succeed in getting her out of that flat for a while. We walk to the mall silently across each other. She's putting on her hoodie as always trying to hide the bits the make-up couldn't. I buy some stuff for her trying to get her to smile but don't succeed. I take her to a quiet place where there aren't too many people,
"Daria, we need to talk." I prod. She looks up at me, I look away touching the bridge of my nose and caught for a firm voice.
"This isn't going so well," I speak up. She lets out a loud breath and shrugs.
"What isn't?" She profanes her voice low.
"This! it has been months now and you're just getting worse." I yell at her, instantly feeling guilty. Why are they making me do this. . .
"Oh, okay. I get it." She replies staring down at the floor constantly. I push her shoulder. She looks up, her eyebrows creating a bridge.
"What's so fascinating about the ground? Look up!" I reprimand. An intense stare creates between us.
"This's the point where you're going to act like a psychiatric eh? what? did daddy send you a message saying this's the next step in the plan? with a pay up?" She shoots, her hands out of her pockets, curled into fists.
"What? Pay up? what are you talking about? and what plan? you got it all wrong. . . " I try to calm her down but she snaps at me.
"I didn't get it wrong Tide! The thing is, you're a liar! Next month, next month I'll take you home! That's what you say every month!" She shouts. People begin to stare at us.
"That's not my fault. . . " She cuts me off.
"Who's fault is it then? Mine?" She proceeds, her eyes narrow.
"Look, I'm just following orders. You need to understand." I press, gritting my teeth.
"You expect me to act all grown up, right? Let me tell you this, you're at fault here MR TIDE. Since the first time we met, you knew everything about me, didn't you!? you even saw my. . . my bare face! and all I know since then up till now is your name. I don't even know how old you're going to be today!" She yells at me, crying as if she was holding those tears with a thin thread.
"I.. . don't even know your favorite colour!" She sobs, cuffing her head.
"I. . . I'm sorry, it's orderes. . . " I trail as she yells at me again.
"Just shut up! you're worse than anyone I ever met!" She yells pushing me aside, running away. I try to stop her but hold myself in place. Let her be, I'm not her guardian anyway. She's just a rich man's daughter. . . brat.

Daria's P/O/V
I keep running, felling my face swollen already with crying. I choke at the force of my neck as if been torn from my body for a moment. . . as I halt to a stop by the pain. I caught. I realize that someone grabbed my hoodie stopping me roughly and painfully. I don't dare to look behind me to see whose hand is at the end of my hoodie. My knees wobble. I swallow down holding my breath. . . The familiar smell hits me, waking every wimpy nerve in me. . . I wish just this once that everything comes to an end.
"Still running Daria?" The familiar deep voice rings in my ears.
"L.E.T G.O Oldu." I press, my voice gruttal, shaking as his name rolls on my tongue. He does as I say but I don't dare to spin around. He careens around me slowly stepping in front of me. I take a moment till I meet his eyes. I back away, my mouth gapes open as I catch sight of his whole face. His hair long, falling on his face hiding half of it as it's spread over his shoulders. . . His face all swollen with red pinkish sensitive looking skin under his eyes eating away his long-forgotten dark circles. With two black stripes of veins along them all the way down his jaw. It looks disgusting and painful as if burned.
"You like my new look?" He flicks his hair with a smile his lips barely visible.
"Many ask me, how do you look so horrible? . . . is it natural?" He proceeds in a sotto voice.
"Here's my secret. . . " He waits a second then points at me. I blink in confusion.
"What?" I rail. He sighs rolling his eyes.
"Those lines. . . they look a bit like mine. . . how did you get them?" I ask him. He giggles,
"Hah, this's just makeup." He points out. I look away, pressing my lips.
"Is this some kind of joke?" I shoot, glancing up at him.
"No." He echoes. I keep my lips shut. Waiting for something to happen.
"Don't you feel lonely being backstabbed by everyone?" He speaks up, staring at me, trying to break me down. He has no idea that there's nothing to break in me anymore.
"Don't you feel powerless backstabbing everyone?" I tell him not sure if he actually does.
"I'm not here for this Daria. I'm here to warn you." He remarks changing the subject making himself look pitiful.
"Warn me of what?" I ask him.
"Of your mother." He implies. . . Your he said. . . I wonder if he's confused.
"What mother. . . ?" I ask.




OSSIFY

Chapter 16

Daria's P/O/V
I stare at Oldu silently. Now that I think of it, maybe he's trying to make me believe something isn't near real.
"He's lying to you, Daria." I turn around as I hear Tide's voice calling out to me. He got a plastic bag in his hand which I realise he didn't have it moments before when I was with him.
"Oh, and who's this?" Oldu mocks. Clearly, he can smell his human scent or whatever he anyway.
"Wait. . . first of all, tell me. What about my mother?" I break their gazes for a moment not caring about anything else besides the mother part.
"Don't listen to him, Daria! he's just lying!" Tide yells before Oldu says a word which annoys me to death.
"Just shut up for a second will you!" I yell back at Tide receiving a hurt glare. But I don't really care at this point. Of course, I know he is lying. I spin around looking back at Oldu, nodding at him to tell me. He laughs in a mocking tone glancing sideways,
"Maryana is now looking for you since she knows what happened to you." He implies pointing at my face. I stare blankly. He lets out a breath, then proceeds
"Maryana, your mum." Now that I think of it, I can't make a connection with what he's saying. , Dad never wanted to tell us for some reason.
"But. . . My mum is dead. . . " I press. He hesitates his jaw tight, shaking his head he peeks at Tide behind me while he speaks to me,
"Nope, Still alive. Who on earth told you she was dead?" He spits with a smirk. I jitter as my nose feels ticklish.
"How do you know my mom anyways?" I rail taking the tip of my right-hand sleeve and wipe at my wet nose. Blood.
"It's all a lie! Your mum is dead and you know it!" Tide remarks, still glued to his spot. Somehow I can't stand him at all.
"How DO you know my mum is dead?" I press at Tide and he stiffenes. I never told him that.
"Well, I need a proof to believe you Oldu," I say stepping from one foot to another trying to look confident.
"I'm not bothered to give you one. Believe me or not. Not my business." He Shrugs striding away. Who's he kidding?

Oldu's P/O/V
I step away from her, biting my tongue to keep the hunger down. She'll call me to stop in a moment. . . I'm sure of it.
"Wait!" She calls. I stop in my tracks drawing a smirk.
"Wait. . . what do you think of me? You think I'm going to buy BELIEVE ME OR NOT? Yes, I don't believe you, you! You came here, probably looked for me hard enough just to say that? well, guess what? I'm not going to ask you for any more details. Let this Maryana look for me. The bad news is, you're not getting what you came here for. Whatever plan you had, please. For your sake, chuck it in the bin over there." I glanced over my shoulder to study her face, shocked. I stay still for a moment staring at her then at Tide. Before I throw a comeback at her she starts walking away. I look down in disbelief of myself.
"Wait! aren't you going to ask me about what happened to Guru?!" I yell gaining a stop from her.
"I don't care, rather." She mumbles without looking back at me. I stomp the floor, now what!? As soon as I decide to leave, she stops pinned to the ground. I peep at her trying to spot what made her stop.
"Sorry you had to hear that Guru," She utters out loud. I squint my eyes wondering if she lost her mind. Does she think I'm Guru?

Daria's P/O/V
Gury steps out of the shadows as he hears my announcement. I could smell another ghoul for a while now. He stops a couple of meters away, hands in his jeans pocket. He's wearing the same hoodie as mine with kind of short jeans which looks more funny than cool.
"I was wondering how you easily made it out of there." He remarks. I crack a sweet smile shaking my hand at air as if it was nothing.

Tide's P/O/V
Daria stands casually in front of Guru as they speak. I and Oldu keep watching them as if we're watching a movie waiting for something big to happen.
"Where's it?" Guru's voice switches to serious mode all of a sudden, his voice grutal. Chest thrusting out, hands crossed.
"Huh, you think I'm just going tell you like that? even if you cut me into pieces I'm not gonna tell you, Guru." Daria says in a giddy tone. I look at Oldu not understanding what they're talking about.
"If you have it with you now, you better hand it, Daria. Stop the mullock." Guru presses staring as he steps forward.
"No, I don't have it with me. And even if I tell you where, you won't be able to get it so back off. You need ME for it." Daria cajoles adjusting her positive posture. I feel bad for her cause her hands are noticeably shaking. She scratches her temple then her nose bridge.
"A fingerprint safe? I'll cut your finger, an eye detect? I'll pull your eyes out. I got a solution for everything." Guru tells her as she tightens her clammy palms.
"No, none of those. And trust me, you won't find a solution for this one." She tells him pulling her hands into a cross against her chest, her back bending.
"Really? ahh, where are my manners. . . How are you feeling right now?" Guru says confusing me and perhaps Oldu as well. It seems Only the two of them know about this thing.
"You ask how I feel while you plan my death in your head? well. . . " Daria echoes, letting out a sigh in short breaths. Are her lungs shaking too?
"Can someone freaking explain what's going on here? I'm bumfuzzled." Oldu yells slapping his thighs. Before we got an answer, Guru charges towards Daria rapidly. I gasp as I wait for him to knock her down. . .

Daria's P/O/V
I fall to the ground hitting my back roughly with the concrete. I bring up fists over my face to protect myself. I embrace for pain. . .
"You think I'm that lowly? hitting a girl?" I hear Guru say. I open my eyes looking at him from underneath my fists. What does he mean? YES! I do think he would do it.
"Just tell me where is it, Daria." He tells me calm and reverent.
"Why? why is it so important that you came looking for it?" I ask him laying on the ground. He looks down at me leaning in.
"When I was worried about you getting involved, you didn't even know a thing about it. . . " He says more to himself.
"Tell me what is, then I'll tell you where it is," I tell him. He shakes his head at me,
"Sorry but I can't. Secondly, you're a thief. You stole it from me, you have no right to be putting conditions. Fair?" He says. It's a black ring with green writing which glows in the dark, It slipped out of his finger when he sliced off my finger. And I just kept hold of it. I moan getting to my feet, slipping my hands into my pocket. He ogles down at my pockets. I shake my head,
"I don't have it with me. . . " I confess letting my hands out. His eyes search mine, he shrugs giving a lick to his lips.
"Where is it then?" He asks his voice with an edge to it.
"I lost it while running away that day sadly. " I tell him. He sighs.
"I'm sorry. what is it anyways?" I ask him again. Ghouls accept apologies? He ignores me rubbing his hair flicking it over and over.
"What was Oldu talking about earlier? Who's this Maryana?" I ask him brushing off the dirt off me.
"Oh, so you were interested." Oldu mocks coming towards us. I spin around stopping him,
"Stop, I can't handle the scent of two ghouls," I say placing my hand over my nose looking away. He won't understand my rudeness right? he's a ghoul.
"Oh, he's just lying " Guru simply tells me eying Oldu. I nod at him letting the thoughts of her fade.
"Now what?" I ask looking from Guru to Oldu then to Tide.
"Now, we take Tide for questioning," Guru announces pointing at Tide. I look at Tide for a moment kind of timid.
"What do you mean? what for?" I ask Guru. My heart skips a heartbeat as I see Tide stepping backward with a hint of fear plays with his expression. He strokes his throat then his hair looking away.
"Don't you get it? He's plainly not a ghoul so he's against us. . . why was he helping you? bumfuzzling. it's suspicious. Besides, this isn't the first time I see him. And the time I saw him wasn't pretty." 




VACILLATE

Chapter 17

Tide's P/O/V
I push my knee up and down as I hear them wanting to question me. It would be funny if I thought Daria would help me out, she looks like a complete stranger among them as if she's one of them. Guru walks up to me, I stay still knowing running won't do me any good.
"Nice to see you again. Wanna come over to my place?" He remarks more like a demand than a question like a mockery in my ears.
"No. Not your place. Mine." Daria says jogging towards us. I study her trying to understand what she's doing. Is she helping me after all? Was her dad's warning not to worry about?
Guru agrees so we all ramble back home in silence. . . more like in sighs. Oldu follows us and he won't stop sighing. We arrive there walking up the staircase to Daria's flat. She instantly picks a shirt from a drawer rolling it around her nose and mouth ogling at Oldu and Guru. We all take a seat awkwardly checking each other out tensely. Afraid if I step too firmly I might die.
"Well, let's start with where have you seen Tide before this time rather?" Daria says crossing her arms.
"That was when. . . " Guru starts but I cut him short. If he speaks the truth she'll have doubts about me and I can't have that.
"What's the point in saying this?" I protest my voice brittle. They study me silently, their eyes rushing down to my jiggling foot.
"Say it." Daria presses shifting her attention back at Guru.
"It's when I came out from behind the wall," Guru speaks up. My heart almost flies out. He knows her dad will kill us both if we lead her to know the truth.
"Wait. . . did you come out this year?" Daria asks Guru her voice tight under the cloth.
"Yes," Guru answers her nodding.
"What about you Oldu? did you come out last year?" She asks as I shift slightly in my place brushing the sweat off my face.
"No, Came out this year with Guru," He says and I swallow down scanning Daria's reaction. Oldu is never on our side!
"What? But I thought one ghoul each year? why is it two this time?" She stresses. One? Can't her dad make up better lies?
"It's because they're twins!" I blur out rapidly.
"Oh. . . " Is the only response I receive from her. I shake my head slightly at Guru and Oldu telling them to drop it.
"Anyway, Tide. What are your intentions?" Guru asks me. Killing you? I want to blur out.
"Look, I'm just helping Daria. There's nothing more to it." I tell them my voice shaking. The room is quite hot.
"Oh wow. Such an angel." Oldu mocks adjusting his blank brown shirt smirking and winking at me.
"Be honest," Daria demands. Oh yeah? and risk my life. . . much like loose it.
"In my opinion Daria, I come last in your list of problems. Why don't you ask what they want from you?" I cajole pointing at the twins.
"Don't tell me what to do Tide." She presses her voice an edge. As if she knows what to do.
"I don't know about Oldu but, I'm here to take you with me," Guru tells Daria.
"Take me? where?" She asks leaning in holding a stare with Guru. He gives me a cold glare,
"His betters have the system control of the walls. We want to open it." He tells her.
"Open it? are you tight!?" She hollers pulling the cloth off her face, some of the make-up being wiped off.
"Don't put it like that Daria. We're not all bad." He points out, his eyelids dropping.
"Bad?! bad doesn't even describe a chunk of it!" She retorts standing up.
"Look! you're brainwashed! you can't judge what's behind the wall by what the enemies say!" Guru flies to his feet his face turning red. True, not as bad as they say.
"What do you mean?" Daria asks crossing her hands.
"For instance, if you hate someone, how would you describe them? would you say their worst or best?" He asks her trying to win the conversation. She keeps quite understanding his point.
"Yes, we are nightmares. But, we can be dreams too." He says softly like a poet.
"But whenever a ghoul comes out, they kill a lot of people. How can a monster turn into a human?" Daria asks her voice low as she crinkles her nose.
"Why would a monster turn to a human if they're the same? Why do you think we start killing as soon as we're out? Since the walls were made, we ate nothing. Of course, we'll be starving and not think of how we're getting our bellies full. We'll be slonks." Guru ellobrates.
"It's no one's fault you eat humans as meals." Daria shoots back coughing, her eyes form red streaks and she blinks as water drips from them.
"You're right, it's no one's fault. Not even ours." Guru states his head slightly bent down.
"Just answer this one question Guru, and by your answer, I'll either be with you or against you," She states choking. Guru looks up,
"If you let everyone out behind the walls, are they going to kill all the humans here?" She asks. He hesitates and swallows hard.
"I've made a plan for that. I'll have them eat crops! or people who are to be executed. . . that sort of thing." He implies his voice dying at the end.
"Corps?? you mad? that's disgusting." Daria says her eyebrows flaring.
"Not really. . . " Guru mumbles looking away. Daria gives him a narrowed look.
"Don't tell me. . . Oh, golly!! you're disgusting!" She raves Loudly. Of course, since all the food you ate was polished.
"If I eat people alive you say I'm a monster If I eat dead ones you say I'm disgusting. . . do you have any other options?" Guru mocks. Daria steps back shaking her head pressing her lips and crinkling her nose.
"Anyway, what do you say? you with me?" He asks her.
"Give me a reason why we should help them leave behind the walls?" She proceeds.
"A reason? isn't starving a good enough one?" He remarks.
"They're ghouls rather, they don't starve. . . right?" Guru slaps his forhead and groans at Daria's words.
"Well, what if they won't listen to you? more importantly, why would they listen to you?" She asks looking him up and down.
"They won't have a choice, if they don't, they'll receive a beating," He tells her punching his palm.
"A beating? you'll be beating millions of people?" She asks.
"That's why I'm asking for your help. At first, we'll go back beyond the walls. Have them set then bring them out." He says.
"Go in? me? they'll kill me!" She states.
"No, I won't let them. You'll be a good tool to scare them. They never saw someone without a smell so you'll scare them off. We'll have it all planned. Just trust me." He tells her.
"I need more time to think about it." She elaborates. Guru nods at her understanding.
"What about you Oldu? are you with him?" Daria asks in a low voice somehow looking awkward bending her head sideways pressing half a smile.
"Me? I'm not going back in, I agreed to help from out here." He says.
"I. . . I can help as well!" I rail a bit too loud.
"Why would you actually help us bring ghouls out if you're working with the ones who made it?" Oldu asks me.
"Because isn't your concern." I fire back pressing my lips together with confidence.




FORGO

Chapter 18

Daria's P/O/V
We decided to meet tomorrow morning, Guru told me he'll take me somewhere where I'll truly see what is hidden from everyone. Just me and him. He told me that in secret as they were all leaving my flat. We meet down my flat at five in the dark morning. The sky above was so full of tumultuous, dark, ragged clouds. We walk to our destination since he said it isn't too far. We arrive in a huge land with buildings grey painted which obviously once was white. Seems like a factory. It's surrounded by a huge metal fence that says keep out. I look up at Guru, his hood covering his hair and his eyes squinting at the rain. He steps forward making the slimy mud mush.
"Come on." Guru runs on grabbing at the fence. He hauls himself up piercing his shoes into the fence so hard that mud flies around. I pull my hands out of my hoodie pockets taking a deep breath as I follow his steps. Climbing up then down the other side. We sneak in silence passing by doors in the cold halls that smell of dampness. We stride for a while running away from the sound of footsteps, leaving mud stains mixed with water on beige flooring. The moment comes when Guru opens a door pulling me in with him. We both spin around at the sound of a yelp. A man sitting on a chair stares at us as confused clinging at the seating. Guru immediately charges towards him clasping his hand firm on the man's lips. I stay still waiting to see what he'll do. He hesitates at first, peaking at me from his left side.
"Do as I say or you're dead!" Guru stresses jerking the man who's nodding none stop with some surrendering hands. He takes his own hand off the man telling to stay quiet. Guru tapes his hand on a computer in front of the man,
"Show us where you're keeping the ghouls," He orders the man resting his body on the table trying to look calm and cool. The man hesitates but does it anyway. I walk a bit further to them for a better look. The man types some stuff and in a split second, a video pops up filling the screen. A group of people laying on the ground in a huge room, the place is filled that a needle won't fit in there. . .
"Are they ghouls?" I whisper waiting for a response from Guru.
"Yes. You see, they say they kill every ghoul that comes out every year. But that's a lie, they keep them." Guru elaborates.
"Why? what for?" I ask, and this time, I inspect the man who's showing us the video.
"I. . . I don't know I swear! I'm just working here." He implies in a wobbly tone. I roll my eyes at the hint of lies.
"Okay, whatever. I don't wanna hear it." I shush him.
"And there's more to it, remember when they tortured you, me and Oldu? they're this corporation, Daria!" He confirms. I look away shutting my eyes at the images of the past.
"Let's discuss this later. Let's go before someone finds us." I press shrugging. I twirl around opening the door stepping out. I bump into someone losing my footing, pulling the door closed while grabbing the handle for support. I look up my lips pressed together in anger.
Before I could protest I remembered I'm not supposed to be here. A guard looks me up and down. I offer a cheap smile looking sideways for ideas. The door behind me flies open making the guard shift his attention at Guru. Before I could stop him, Guru takes the man inside in one pull, one of his legs bumping with my mouth. In a minute, Guru walks out chest heaving,
"Let's get out of here," He tells me. I follow him out in silence. We jump out of the fence again leaving the place.

Guru's P/O/V
"What did you do to them?" Daria asks me in a whisper.
"Knocked them out," I say shortly. I peer down at her to see her reaction but it's blank.
"So? are you with me?" I ask her my voice even.
"If we're going against the people who made us suffer that time then yes." She implies. I smile widely,
"Yes, they're the same people!" I confirm smiling. She stays quiet.
"We'll have to go in beyond the walls as soon as possible. We'll have Tide help us do that." I tell her and she nods slowly.
"Can we do it today?" She urges surprising me.
"Today? . . . well, we'll have to see if Tide can help us." I tell her. We go back to her flat asking to speak with Tide. We ask him if he can do it today.
"Yes. But, you'll have to promise me something." He implies playing with his hands.
"If the killing starts as soon as the ghouls are out, I'll destroy you all myself. And, I don't want to do that. So promise me you'll take control." Tide proceeds gaining a hesitated nod from me. Who is he fooling? Me? no. Daria? maybe.
"I promise," I mumble. Tide leaves the place after we discuss the plan. Me and Daria head to an empty side of the huge wall, we stand near an exit coded door. Daria rests her back on the wall then sinks down. She sits with her hoodie covering her face as we wait for Tide to do his job.
"You better take the paint off Daria," I tell her squinting my eyes as she shifts. Hope I didn't burst a nerve. . .
"The makeup? Okay," She responds. I lift my eyebrow surprised at her. She stares far at the train skates that the wall cuts from beyond.
"Hey." I look up as I hear the shrill voice. I look sideways annoyed at my brother's presence.
"You didn't have to come," I remark my voice tight.
"So you guys are going in? this quick?" He asks ignoring my statement.
"At least, tell me what's my role in the plan." He rails focusing at me.
"You got no role. How about that?" I boast pushing hair strands off my face.
"We need him." Daria cuts the tension between us.
"Why don't you come in with us? what if our plan goes wrong? three brains are better than two." She implies looking up at us. I look away. Before I could think of anything else to say, the door gives a whispering beating then clicks open. He cracked it open! I glance at Daria swallowing as I push open the door. She stands up walking behind me, and so does Oldu. We close the door behind us quietly. Like touching a feather.

Daria's P/O/V
I inspect the place I was always told negatively about. There's a lot of green grass everywhere, a lot of rusty high tracks that go up and down with a boxed building at the left far end. My eyes shift right, a round plate with funky horses attached is sitting oadly on the ground, I title my head, it's half on the ground some of it lifted up. . . a figure of an elephant with a slide coming out of its face. . .
"Is this a fun fair?" I ask stepping forward towards the elephant slide. Tightening my fingers around the ladder I climb up,
"Hey, get down, this thing is so old." Guru implies. I place my bum on the cold steel, grabbing at the edges, I push myself down. I smile as I feel a tickle in my stomach, I slide up and down like a caterpillar. At the end I step up, adjusting my backpack.
"Why didn't you bring me here before? This place is more fun than Gulbyabani city." I state squeezing at my finger as a dot of blood goes bigger. Oldu stares at my finger with the pink polish on,
"I pricked myself," I tell him shrugging.
"Where's everyone?" I ask Guru who seems to scan the place just like me. Before I could receive a response, I pull the bag off my shoulders as a hurtful scent fills the air. I look down at the dark bag trying to find the mask I've packed to wear knowing I would need it in a place full of ghouls. I let out a chuckle realising where I' am. A place I never thought I would see. It seems like everything I thought couldn't happen to me, is actually happening. I look up in relief when I feel the mask with my hands. Pulling it out peeking around, I try to place it on. . . It falls off my hand as a figure shows up in front of me. A girl looking about in her twenties stands before me. Her heavy grown hair that makes her face diamond is greasy and needs a hat to cover it, full with high cheekbones and a chubby overall face. A tired deep set of eyes with a pointed big scratched red nose. The injury looks old with dry blood around it, yellow foam melting down on the scar. Her tired eyes boor at me with a blank expression. She's quite chubby for a person who starved for years. . .
"People leave, but no one enters." She muses smiling her voice penetrating. I swallow waiting for Guru or Oldu to say something.
"Well, there's a first time for everything right. . . " I remark my voice unstable as I shrug. Her eyebrows fly up in amusement placing a shy-like smile. She rotates her head to the right pushing at her cheeks with her tongue confidently. I study her like history, she has narrow shoulders, I see nothing around her waist because of her flabby outfit. Blue dirty trousers with a wide baggy coat. . .
"Why did you come back?!" She suddenly hollers looking beyond me, back at Guru or Oldu. I stay still not daring to move as the urge to vomit salutes me.
"Just calm down, this's part of the plan." I hear Guru say.
"It's been four months since you left, and you still didn't free us you liar!" She yells spit raining all over. It doesn't take seconds and I see Guru pass by me charging towards her. They fall to the ground flattening all the grass beneath them. He pins her to the ground.
"Who do you think you're talking like that too huh!?" He reprimands garbing her shoulders and pulling at her up and down.
"Guru! just calm down!" I profane as my heart beats faster. A sudden group of people shows up walking towards us, they came out of nowhere! I breathe in the tension. I should've stayed home! Oldu shows up next to me bending down picking up my mask. I take it quickly as he hands it to me. Guru jumps to his feet brushing off his brown-green stained jeans.
"I'm back." Guru bellows observing everyone. They all need a set of outfit change, but golly! they look strong and none of them are slim, as in hungry slim.
"I'll be freeing all of you soon," He says confidently. The girl with the nose scar jumps to her feet her nose flaring in anger.
"This girl here will ensure that," He says pointing at me.
"Who is she!?" Someone from the crowd yells. I cross my hands around myself feeling all eyes on me. Oldu peeks at me, I lose my hands to my sides and try to stop my knees from jerking up and down like jelly. I look up at the sky far, smirking. Do I look. . . good enough?
"Is she a ghoul!?"
"Why doesn't she have a whiff!?" Guru peers at me giving me a slight nod. I gulp down taking my mask off to start my act. I pull at my hoodie's sleeve brushing off the makeup hiding my red veins. A whoa fills the group of people as my veins show.

Oldu's P/O/V
I glance down at Daria pressing my lips together. She blinks rapidly curling her lips as if in silent pain.
"I'm here to ensure not just your freedom, but surviving it." She raves her voice off track. She flicks her hair. . . what is she doing?
"What do you mean surviving it!? what's out there to fight against!?" The freck girl asks making Daria shift uncomfortably giving me a glance.
"You can't just get out of here and start killing people to fill your hunger," She answers back her eyes turning red and puffy with the time.
"If you're saying that then you're against us!!!" Someone from the crowd yells in anger. I wait to hear Daria's response.
"No, but the opposite! If you kill everyone around, there won't be any more people to produce more humans for you! and then you'll eventually end up in the same situation." She fires back. They can always leave this city. . . if only they knew there was beyond this city, the plan is over.
"There's going to be rules, and if any of you doesn't go by them. You won't leave." Daria says giving a mean stare to the crowd which I almost giggle at.
"How are we gonna leave!? break the wall!?" Someone asks mocking.
"No, we have someone outside helping us. That's how we came in." Guru proceeds.
"How can we trust this girl!?" The freck girl with the scar asks pointing at Daria as if she's an insect.
"Trusting isn't an option. You simply have to do as I say!" Daria threatens and I hear a quite choke, she glances at me again. I gaze at Guru, rubbing my cheekbone as a sign, he nods slightly.
"Or what!? I can beat you up in a second!" The girl interrupts again taking a step forward. Immediately Guru punches her in the guts without mercy. Daria steps forward to stop him but I pull her back shaking my head.
"For your own safety, I won't let you get near her," Guru tells the hurt girl. After a couple of showing off and giving a high impression of Daria, we lead the way to a place to rest. We walk into an empty house, me supporting Daria as she gimps her way. As soon as we're inside, Daria falls to the floor her hands supporting her as she spits out a handful of blood. She chokes heavily her eyes bloodshot.
"Are you okay?" I ask her keeling down rubbing her back for comfort.
"I'm perfect, just a lot of ghouls around," She mumbles blood dripping down her mouth giving me a thumbs up.
"It's good you didn't burst out like this in front of everyone." I hear Guru profane making me grit my teeth. His voice hurts my ears.
"How long are we staying here? what are we gonna do about the food? you do realize she can't eat what we eat here." I rail at Guru hoping he thought this through.
"Are you calling me an idiot!?" Guru raves.
"Since you brought that up, yeah. You act like an idiot, you talk like an idiot and you look like an idiot!" I holler standing up. I choke realizing what I just said.
"You guys sure do." Daria mocks laying on the ground. Guru sighs leaving. Daria stays still in her place, her eyes shut and her breathing slow. I try to get away from her sitting at the far corner. Hours pass in silence. I jerk up as I hear a door flying shut too loud. They're here. . .

Daria's P/O/V
I sit up straight at the loud noise, I spy Oldu with his annoyed expression as if he's eating poo. I hear a couple of footsteps, some loud, some short. Guru appears at the top of the staircase with a smile. Behind him, a head pops out at the length of his high knee. A baby-faced boy with soft brown hair peeks at me. A girl pops out from behind Guru stopping beside him. She looks about twelve or thirteen, has a very messy flared hair. Her eyes are down-turned, looking so sad. Her lips slightly open revealing a two set of teeth almost like a cute bunny. Her face so dirty like everybody else here, her dress has dark splashes on it and so does her hands with dirt sticking to them, just like when I eat honey and don't wash my hands that every hair and dirt glue to me.
"Oldu. . . "The girl mumbles her eyes sharp. Oldu jumps to his feet walking towards her. He hugs her and the little kid and I sit silently watching them. What's going on? ghouls hug?? since when?
"This's my brother Joe, and this's my sister Bax." Guru introduces them.
"Oh. . . " I hear myself say. They have. . . siblings. I introduce myself to them pushing down the urge to run away from their strong smell.
"What are you? you don't smell like anything." The girl tells me in a disgusted tone. Pouting and crossing her arms.
"She doesn't know herself so don't press it, Bax," Oldu tells his sister. They know how to be nice after all.
"Okay, whatever." She says waving in annoyance. My eyes go wide as I spot her hand. Her pinky finger. . . it looks odd, not fitting her other set of fingers. As if it's replaced. . . Eww.




OOZE

Chapter 19

Daria's P/O/V
We sit around in a circle, me eating bits of dry bread I brought in with me.
"Does it taste good?" Guru's sister Bax asks me looking down at the bread in my hands with squinting eyes as if asking a criminal of suspicious killing.
"Not really, too dry." I echo my eyes darting between Oldu and Guru.
"What. . . do you guys eat here? Since there're only ghouls around?" I ask pushing my mask up inserting a piece of bread.
"Let's not talk about that now." Guru presses in a raucous tone. I lift my eyebrow feeling offended.
"How long are we staying here?" Oldu asks changing the subject.
"Let's not talk about that now too." Guru implies hugging his little brother who didn't stop staring at me.
"Seriously? you're too boring to be with Guru you know?" I remark pointing at him then slapping my thigh. He looks up at me studying my half covered face then looking away.
"Just shut up," He whispers rubbing nape of his neck.
"Sorry!?" I fire back snatching off my mask range building up. Wait, he's ghoul after all. I shouldn't make him angry.
"Calm down, you don't want her turning pink like last time." Oldu mocks.
"What!? you think I'm a monster now!?" I retort in rage.
"Aren't you going to shut up!?" Guru yells his voice shrill making me jerk in fear.
"Why won't you tell me the whole plan? I'm in a place surrounded by ghouls and. . . " Guru jumps to his feet and leaves the room ignoring me. I sigh loudly in anger.
"What's his bind!?" I yell at Oldu.
"Lots of secrets." Oldu mumbles. After a while, I lay down watching Bax taking her little brother and leaves the room, giving me a glare and I glare back. Oldu follows them leaving me alone. I don't bother asking them where to since I don't care at the moment. I drift to sleep uncomfortably as nightmares haunt me. A snake in front of me approaches me while I'm tied down useless. I hear a robotic countdown. . . one. . . two. . . THREE! The snake bites me in the face. I sit up straight breathing heavily in fear. I yelp as I meet a set of eyes in front of me. It's the same girl with the nose scar. She clasps her hand over my mouth so roughly I fall down. She jerks me up as I struggle beneath her strong grasp. She pulls me out of the house and I'm still shocked at what's going on. I slip down to the ground in the muddy street as rain pours down on us. She halts me up now not minding the voices I make.
"Let me go!" I press trying to jerk her off. She ignores my order pulling me like a pet. A group of people meets us, my eyes spin like a fireball under my eyelids as the scent of them makes me want to gag.
"Give her here. . . " A guy I almost glimpse pulls me towards him picking me up off my feet placing me on his back. My belly crunch around his neck and my feet almost snap at his grip. I keep quite feeling like faint with their strong smell. I keep my eyes shut squeezing each time trying to ease the flickering pain. After a while, he lays me down on my feet but I let my body fall to the floor feeling my knees like rubber. I hear murmurs around me.
"Get up." I hear a female guttural voice.
"I Don't feel like it," I whisper out of energy. I should act being careless Guru told me. A sudden grip to my hair shoots my eyes open with a hint of a yelp. I blink rapidly my eyes burning like flames. I'm surrounded by a small group of people, around sixteen or so, their outfit got smudges of what seems blood, all kind of dirt. My eyes dart to the person garbing me.
"Behave." The woman says. She has big wide green eyes, a tanned skin and a lot of head accessories that poke at my eyes each time she moves. Her thin lips are pursed in anger and disgust as she looks down at. She undone's her grip on my tangled hair making me step backward massaging my head in pain.
"Who are you!?" I ask her trying to ease my fear posing my head held high.
"I'm Selja." The women introduce herself in a honeyed tone. I stand strong on my shaking knees squeezing my eyes.
"You. . . Don't smell." She says more like a question looking me up and down her nose flaring. Here comes the same symphony,
"Oh thank you." I mock making her narrow her eyes at me giving me a chill.
"Why did you come in? only a fool would drag himself here." She says referring to the ghoul's territory.
"Ask me. . . " I mumble. She raises her eyebrow trying to hear what I said.
"Then I must be a fool," I remark with a sweet smile and two shots of blinking.
"Oh my god you're getting on my nerves. . . " Selja implies shutting her eyes taking a breath.
"Tell us why are you here!? and why are you helping The flam twain!?" My eyes scan the group of people trying to spot the one who just yelled.
"Sorry? flam what?" I utter my eyes darting between the ghouls. A blonde girl with a slim shirt who just makes me realize how cold it is, speaks again.
"The flam twain! those beggars!" She yells as I check her out. Her arms got splashes of dried blood and her trousers are barely one piece. She looks about fourteen, fifteen years old.
"Do you mean. . . Guru and Oldu?" I ask her since they're the only people I'm actually helping at the moment. I receive a nod.
"Oh. . . well, I. . . mmm, we decided to make you all promise something and we'll get you out of here." I tell her confidently. She raises her eyebrow,
"Promise? promise what?" She asks her voice ringing.
"Promise that none of you would eat any live human when you get out. He suggested you'll eat crops or people who want to suicide. . . that kind of thing." I say my eyes darting feeling anxious about the idea now.
"Promise? how stupid can you be to believe that? you think everyone would say I promise then do as they say?" She says mockingly. I title my head confused.
"We haven't eaten properly since we were born! you think you can take control of the greed we have?" She asks me her eyes popping out at me. Golly, her eyes are big! I guess they help her find people to eat.
"No. I know I can't. But, you can. It's your greed, so deal with it. Or stay here forever." I spit.
"If we promise you we won't eat humans who're alive, you would actually take us out?" Selja asks me in a caring tone.
"If I trust you then yes," I confirm.
"How will you trust us? spend a year or more with us?" She muses.
"Huh. . . that doesn't work. Even if I spent my whole life with you I won't trust you." I prod my eyes swelling as I hold back my tears of pain. God, I shouldn't vomit. . . I shouldn't vomit.
"Then how?" Selja asks approaching me. What should I say? that's Guru's part! By being nice to me? by. . . what? She's staring at me. Waiting.
"By resisting me, . . ?" I reply trying to hold a fake smirk. It will hurt like last time rather. . .
"What?" Selja asks seeming lost.
"I'll let one of you have a bite of me. . . " I continue, it'll be good if I vomit while someone biting me. . . I won't look so suspicious.
"And if the person resists the urge to have more, then I'll trust that person with my life," I confirm nodding my head as I cross my arms like a boss.
"That's it?" Selja mocks making me feel a bit unsure.
"If you see it that simple then, go ahead." I proceed and push my hand towards her. She looks down at my hand unsure of the situation.
"Why should we even care to make you trust us?" The blonde girl from earlier shoots. I sit down quickly to ease the trembling of my knees.
"Because I can get you out of here numbskull." I fire back like a boss.
"And how are you going to do that? break the walls with your bony hand?" The girl retort.
"This bony hand can do what you can't do!" I profane looking her up and down biting my lip.
"I've got people working for me outside the walls, it'll be easy to do." I rail pushing my hair back like Reeve used to do.
"Okay, so you actually promise us that," Selja adds looking desperate. I look her up and down with a smile.
"Oh, so a promise now is enough for you I see." I mock. She grits her teeth looking away.
"Yes. Don't worry, I promise." I confirm thinking of how desperate they must be. I stay still waiting to see if she's gonna do what I ask. She looks between the people around us.
"I'll think about it and see who's the best fit for it," She says nodding at me. I shrug giving her the impression that I don't mind. But, I DO MIND. I swallowed the vomit countless times!
"I'll do it!" My heart jerks at the sudden yell. I look between the people spotting a guy walking past them to the front. He stands still focusing his gaze on me. He looks about eighteen or so, with white blinding hair. Ghouls dye their hair!? since when?
He swallows down as he walks towards me. The sudden urge to vomit vanishes, and I wish to take back my suggesting.
"Whoa wait wait!!" I utter rapidly getting to my feet stepping backward. Everyone including Selja looks at me surprised.
"You guys got one shot. Are you sure you're good for this rather?" I discuss my voice wobbly. The boy takes a deep breath gritting his teeth taking a step forward as Selja nods in agreement. Before he could make it and touch me, I spit out a chunk of a slimy watery substance. My hands fly to my lips taking a scoop of it as I try to stop it. I fall to my knees my head hung down. My eyes ogle at the drops falling on the ground. I'm oozing black instead of what must be red. Is it not blood after all?
"What are you?" I hear the boy who was about to bite me gasp.
"Nor humans or ghouls ooze black." I hear him say feeling the dark substance flow down my arms tickling me.
"Are you sure I won't die if I take a bite of her?" The boy mocks stepping back. So I lash out.




PREVARICATE

Chapter 20

Daria's P/O/V
"I'm allergic," I utter a muffled yell as I gag more blood. It stings, my skin burning up.
"To what?" The boy frowns placing his hand on his hips as if I'm stupid. Did he see my sister Reeve pose like that and copied her?
"To you!" I shoot standing to my feet brushing off the muddy feel of my lips. It's cool now, my skin very soft and pain-free.
"I'm allergic to ghouls. It happens often now since I'm surrounded by a bunch of you." I complain straitening my poster feeling my guts about to slice.
"Just make sure you'll succeed since it's only one chance. . . and no, you won't die." I rail as I approach him. He pulls up his sleeves getting ready, his jaw going right and left.
"Just calm down, it's one bite." I press looking up and down curling up my lip. He takes my arm pushing at my sleeves. I jerk my hand out if his grip, he's acting as if I'm just a meal in front of him. Expected from a ghoul rather. I pull down my sleeve covering my arm leaving my wrist exposed.
"Here," I demand and press at my wrist. His nose flares as he grits his teeth glancing at Selja shifting in his place.
"One bite, if you take another. You're dead." I threaten him my eyes scanning his body as I frown.
"Huh, you? kill me?" The boy mocks pointing at his chest smirking.
"What!? you don't believe me? then try and bite twice yeah! yeah!" I threaten him poking his chest, standing on my toes for hight. He looks away breathing heavily as tensing grows between us.
"I feel so sorry for you." The boy says. I freeze in place. A ghoul. . . feeling sorry for me?
"Eh? Why?" I allege quietly. The boy stares. . . glares rather. Looking at me with warm amber droopy eyes with a bit of swollen skin underneath them he says,
"Because I can tell how scared you are right now." His voice husky. . . they can really be nice. . . he draws a smirk. I look away not accepting his conclusion as fear cripples down at me like a waterfall. As I thought, they can't be nice, they don't know rather. My hand flies in front of me,
"Just bite already." I urge my voice wobbly. He takes a few seconds then grabs my arm with his tough hand and the veins draw themselves around his mouth.
I might die here giving them the joy of my flesh, but they won't have the sanctification of seeing my fear. . . but I think they already did. I yell as his teeth dig into my wrist, the taut of his teeth around the bleeding skin is dreadful. My fist strikes on his head without my permission. I breathe heavily as my head throbs in pain and warning. He lashes his teeth out pulling a chunk of flesh out as my screams fill the area. I check the boy with watery eyes my vision so blurry I can barely make out his face details. He throws his head down his teeth digging again in my wrist.
"Aghhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!" I yell as his teeth drill down to the bone. I make out Selja stepping forward,
"NO!" I yell at her.
"You can't interfere!" I sob in agonizing pain. She stops biting her lips, her hand clasps over her forehead.
"If you pull out that chunk, everything will be lost! control yourself!" The blonde girl yells from the crowd. The boy hesitates as his grip tightens on my arm even tighter. We wait a few seconds but he doesn't budge.
"Make up your mind! I'm dying here!" I yell sobbing at the cutting pain. I look up frozen as I see the blonde girl charge towards us,
"Don't. . . " I whisper.
"DON'T!!!" I yell this time. She grabs the boy's head pulling at his white hair. I gasp as the chunk he was seizing lashes off my wrist as she pulls him away.
"Aehhhhhyaaaaaaa" I yell falling to the floor grabbing my bleeding hand. I blink looking down at it focusing my gaze on the dark dripping blood. Selja kneels down beside me warping a cloth around the cut her face drained.
"You heal right?" she asks her voice tight.
"I think so. . . " I utter unsurely. I do. . . right? She stands to her feet facing the boy who's laying on the floor with his mouth dripping. His eyes are puffy with tears, his lips twitch as a sob escapes his lips.
"I tried. . . " He mumbles. Selja charges towards him in a split second pinning him to the floor. She takes a knife out from beneath all the cloth she's wearing holding it high up.
"Spare me!" The boy begs sobbing like a child his face in a muffled hurt scared expression as he shakes beneath Selja. Is he the same person?
"Stop!" I yell stealing everyone's attention. I blink away the tears swallowing down as I speak,
"Don't hurt him." I proceed to shut my eyes at the severe pain. Not as bad as I thought rather.
"What? why? he failed and now we're all doomed." Selja complains, her poster firm and strong.
"He was going to make it if the girl didn't pull him away." I discuss scanning the people around us. The room is so dark almost making the situation tenser.
"You mean. . . he was going to succeed if not for the girl?" Selja asks her hand falling to her side, eying the boy. I nod honestly. I felt his teeth were slightly parting away from my wrist but the girl came and pulled him with his teeth still pierced in my flesh. Selja stands to her feet away from the boy staring at him in disgust.
"But, that isn't enough to prove your trust," I add hauling to my feet letting go of my injured hand. Selja's head spins like clockwork at my announcement. Was she expecting me to trust them? with their bad practicing?
"What?" I mock trying to be bossy my eyes popping at her face. Selja rushes towards me and I try to keep a still posture.
"It was a trap wasn't it!?" She screams in my face. I blink rapidly as her scent sends pins and needles to my eyes.
"It's your fault rather, you chose the wrong person." I imply pointing at the boy. She nods, her nose flaring,
"Lock her away," She orders and in a split second, hands clasp around my arms. I jerk trying to squirm out of the men's grip and huffed when I couldn't. They lock me in a small tiny room, I lay on the bare floor not bothering as the cold floor freezes me. I check my wrist finding it almost healed with a little scar left. I lay motionless pulling my hoodie on as I start to feel how cold it is. Pulling my knees high to keep me warm, I shut my eyes letting my greasy hair fall over my face. A while passes in silence as I try to sleep. The doors crack open and I open my eyes looking at the dark figure. The little bulb in the room is blinded by the darkness flooding from the outside. I sit up straight as the person walks in closing the door behind him. I recognize the boy from earlier with his white hair. He spins around staring down at me for a second then sits down facing me. I keep silent reading his expression. He pulls something from under his sleeve handing it to me.
"Despite that it's flesh, I would not be eating something from under your armpit." I prod pointing at him. He stares at me his lips slightly apart like a duck. He gives his armpit a glance.
"W. . . what?" He asks his voice wobbly. I take off my hood crinkling my nose at the scent.
"I'm not a ghoul." I simply utter. He swallows down his breath rapid and shallow as he works his empty hand in his dirty razor cut white hair.
"We have nothing for humans. . . " He profanes hesitance.
"What do you want?" I ask my voice at edge dropping the subject. His eyes dart between mine as he licks his lips. Is that a sign he's hungry?
"I. . . um, just wanted to apologize and thank you for saving me." He runs on rapidly. He acquires a sigh from me as I think of what to say. Did. . . he just apologizes? a ghoul? to a human? me?
"That's not enough. Words don't mean anything to me. Don't tell me you're sorry, show me you're sorry." I elaborate making him unstable. He blinks rapidly giving me the what look. I title my head offering a smile, a fake one.




MARCID

Chapter 21

Erin's P/O/V
"What's your name?" The black haired girl asks me. My eyes dart between hers,
"Erin," I say my voice wheezy. She keeps her smile on giving me a scaled glance nodding. . . in amusement I think.
"You?" I ask hoping I didn't cross the line since I bit her earlier. Like a slonk.
"Daria." She echoes squeezing her eyes every while.
"Does your hand, arm still hurt? are you in pain?" I ask her touching her profaned bandaged wrist. She slides it down from under my hand holding it up. I press my lips tightly in silence. She takes off the bandage revealing a white stained skin.
"Nope, all gone." She muses scanning her wrist. I nod in return wondering how can she heal faster than me even though she's not a ghoul.
"You knew I was gonna fail right?" I ask her itching behind my ear with force. She lets her hand slide down giving me an acknowledging look.
"Well, I hoped you won't." She remarks crossing hands and shrugs shooting me an awkward glance looking left then rapidly her pupil flies up.
"Because if you could resist me then it would be easy for you to resist the humans outside the walls." She continues.
"Why? do they taste the same as you?" I ask her curious still itching behind my ear with my nails.
"If I'm right, no. I taste different." She implies her voice guttural. I nod looking her up and down. She has a dirty hoodie on and simple black trousers. My eyes fly back to her face Studding the red veins on her skin.
"So, what's your plan?" I ask her pulling at my lip skin.
"Plan? For. . . ?" She asks in a penetrating tone her pupils dilating.
"Escaping from here obviously." I mock wondering if she's stupid or yemeles. She leans forward,
"Why should I escape from a meter prison to a 300 km prison? Seems pointless." Daria elaborates haughty.
"Wow, you're being too negative." I point out acquiring a giggle from her.
"No, I'm just being realistic Erin." She remarks my name sounding nice. I have a nice name.
"I can help you escape." I prod. Maybe she's just trying to hide her true self.
"Not interested, thanks." She replies her brows knitted in a frown.
"Why can't you just accept my help?" I ask her frustrated my voice harsher than I intended. She looks up at me pursing her bloody cracked lips giving me a cold glare. I sigh standing up to my feet. I give a last glance and leave. I stand outside the door taking in a breathe shutting pinching my eyes.
"Why are you here?" I blink my eyes open at the raucous voice jerking in my place.
"I uh. . . apologized to the girl." I hesitate my voice wobbly pointing at the door offering a dry smile as Selja gape at me.
"Since when did you start apologizing?" She mocks her hands resting on her hips looking down.
"Go back to your group." She orders and I sneak away silently. I let out a breath when I'm out of her sight. I bump into someone breaking out of my thoughts.
"Oh, Nari. . . " I utter peering down at Nari as she pushes her blonde hair out of the way.
"Who's the girl?" She nags her voice wheezy approaching me.
"Her name is Daria. Didn't find out more." I reply shortly looking away.
"What did she say about escaping?" Nari asks whispering.
"We'll have to come up with a better plan of escaping, she agrees," I reply my voice even. Nari smirks giving a thumbs up. I smile tensely giving a slight nod.

Daria's P/O/V
It has been so long that I'm having belly ache of hunger. I sit resting my back on the cold wall, my legs pulled towards my chest. I tighten my grip around my belly lowering my head downshifting the pain as I bite down my lip cracking the skin since it's too dry. I wonder what Guru and Oldu are up to. After a while, Selja visits me. She rests her body against the closed door.
"Until when are you gonna keep your lips shut?" She rails crossing her arms.
"What do you want me to say?" I ask her.
"Why do you want to help us." She demands and shakes her head slightly her head accessories giving a honey chuckle.
"My purposes doesn't concern you," I reply my voice ringing.
"Oh, it does. And just so you know, we won't let you go until you tell us." Selja threatens.
"Why do guys assume I want to leave? I'm enjoying my stay." I muse.
"Aren't you hungry?" She asks me her left eyebrow rising.
"Yes, but leaving this cell will not help me." I imply.
"Just stop and tell me what I want! Stop trying to look strong!" She yells her voice casting. I grit my teeth and push myself up.
"I'M NOT trying to LOOK STRONG, I'M already STRONG." I retort in a shrill tone my knees shaking out of energy.
"Stop lying to yourself." Selja echoes her lips bouncing at the words. With that, she leaves immediately. I sigh laying down to rest. I won't be shaken by her words. . .

Erin's P/O/V
The next day early in the morning, I and my group implement the plan. I ramble to Daria's cell to take her out with me. I watch the two men steadily as they open the door for me. I walk in shutting the door behind me. I spot Daria on the floor sleeping. I take a breath then lean down poking her.
"Hey. . . wake up." I nag my voice loud.
"We gotta hurry." I hiss. She stays still. I sigh and pick her up. I struggle to adjust waiting for the signal from my group. In a minute, I hear a tap on the door then it creaks open. I hurry dashing out with Daria on my arms.
"What's up with her?" Nari asks me peering at Daria as we pass through the empty hallway not spotting any guards.
"Everything smooth with the guards?" I ask her and she nods. We leave the territory with the help of each member of my group. As we set out walking through empty roads my team starts questioning.
"Are you sure this's a good plan?" One of my teammates asks with a lack of confidence.
"Oh come on, when have my plans ever failed?" I brag.
"Well. . . " Nari rails.
"Shut up, that was one time." I shush her stopping in my tracks.
"Ah, my hands are numb. Help me get her on my back." I cajole lowering Daria. Nari drags her on my back and I tighten my grip under her motionless legs.
"Hey. . . can you check if she's breathing? She seems like crops." I remark having second thoughts.
"Don't we all look like crops?. . . yeah. Guess she's breathing." Nari informs me her voice nasal. We keep on walking towards our destination, the walls. We stop as we hear a loud call.
"About time, you showed up." I profane looking back at the flame twain, Oldu, and Guru.
"Hand her over," Guru demands his voice husky as always.
"Not going to happen." I imply as bits of the sunshine shows up stabbing at my right eye. Sun! Seriously!? Why can't I be in a cool scene!? Hoped a storm to be around as I discuss all this between us. I sigh knowing I lack luck.
"We all know that we can take her easily from you," Guru remarks swaggering towards me.
"Yeah yeah. The thing is, she's on our side now." I spit glad Daria isn't waking up. Now, Guru's face is only inches away from me but I keep my steady position.
"Is that so?" Guru echoes with a little smile and I nod with a wobbly smirk. I acquire a heavy punch to my face and I fall to the ground pulling Daria with me. I look up staying down punishing myself for being too weak watching Guru pull Daria up. Nari charges towards Guru and I stop her knowing he'll just cause her damage.
"Wait." We all go quiet when we hear Daria whisper while Guru holds her from the arms her feet sweeping the ground.
"Erin is right. I'm with them." She says surprising all of us. I hold myself back to ask her why and what. Guru looks down at her then back up ignoring her words, he puts her on his shoulders and begins to walk.
"Put me down." She demands her voice too low barely heard. Guru keeps on ignoring.
"I said, PUT ME DOWN!!" She yells pulling at Guru's hair. They both fall to the ground into the mud. Daria pushes herself up, her hoodie falling off her head showing her messy gossamer black hair.
"First of all, we're all on the same page here." She implies her voice barely heard. Guru stumbles to his feet,
"Page!? We're not even in the same library!" He hollers spit flying out of his mouth.
"Just hear me out!" Daria profanes pulling Guru's arm slightly while he huffs.
"Why are we all fighting anyway? What's the difference if I was on your side or theirs?" She asks pointing from Guru to us.
"That is, we want you on our side because we'll be stronger. You said you can take us out of here." I shout. Guru gives her a slightly narrowed stare and she chokes on her words.
"Well, umm. We all want the same thing, I want to help you all get out of here. It doesn't matter who I side with." She remarks pulling her hoodie to the side covering her nose.
"What do you mean? What's the idea?" Guru asks her.
"I say if we all unite to one team, we'll be able to get stronger." Daria elaborates.
"Are you an idiot?" Guru mocks at Daria.
"What?" She replies her voice wobbly.
"We, can't be one no matter what," Guru informs her.
"You! You show off!" I yell charging towards him. I throw myself on top of him. He loses his balance falling to the ground and I bump my head with his, losing my focus. I receive a punch as Guru twirls around landing on top of me. I feel my head bounce on mud going deeper with each hit. I put my arms in front of my face looking to the right. With the punch I receive, a thud next to my face occurs. I open my eyes meeting Daria's face inches away from me. Guru stops the beating and I squint my eyes for a better sight. Her face dirty with mud and blood. Small cuts design her face along the red veins.




RUMBUSTIOUS

Chapter 22

Oldu's P/O/V
We take Daria to rest under a roof and we wait for her to wake up. We try to discuss what Daria suggest. Me, Guru and the group.
"I think what Daria said got a point." Erin points out, standing resting his back on the wall ruffling his white hair. We all agreed to sit together and discuss it.
"Yeah, I agree," I remark eying Erin then the group around us.
"Agree to what exactly?" Guru spits crossing his hands mocking me in front of everyone. My eyes fall upon my sister and little brother who seem too angry with both me and Guru. I offer them a smile, Joe smiles back but Bax looks away.
"What are we exactly trying to save each other from? humans? they're weak, we can take them all out in a day." Erin elaborates. I sigh.
"You can't do that." We all spin around at the sound of Daria's voice. She has a piece of bread in her hand as she stands against the door frame. She walks towards us biting down at it pushing back her tangled hair out of her face.
"You okay?" I ask her receiving no answer. She still has her messed hoodie on and jeans. Ripped jeans, looks like she had a fight with a tiger.
"If you kill them all then what'll you eat after they're all gone?" She remarks sitting among the group.
"Then why do you want us to look out for each other? be stronger?" Guru asks not giving the chance to anyone to speak.
"Because when every ghoul leaves this place, the humans won't stand for it of course." Daria answers.
"Huh? what can they do anyway? their guns don't work on us." Erin butts in.
"Those humans you take so lowly of, are the ones to restrict you in this place dummy." She tells him.
"I say Daria's plan is right." A blonde girl speaks up.
"Let's say we all accept and everything, what about the other ghouls around? the ones controlled by Selja?" Erin implies.
"We'll have to convince her." The blonde girl remarks.
"How?" I hiss.
"I know, we'll tell her that I trust her," Daria says confidently.
"And why would Selja care if you trust her?" Guru mocks looking Daria up and down. Daria looks up at Erin considering her thoughts.
"I'll tell her I tested you again and you succeeded." She informs Erin who's face gone red.
"What?" Erin blows standing up straight.
"Test? again? what are you talking about?" I ask them.
"Selja is desperate to leave this place, and I'll give her what she wants." Daria processes.
"It might work. I'll go and tell her." The blonde girl says rapidly jumping to her feet.
"Wait! Firstly tell us what's this about." Guru hollers. Daria gazes at him smiling,
"Does it feel nice? being in the shadow?" She tells him as the girl leaves.

Daria's P/O/V
We wait for the girl. She takes ages. She arrives, sweat all over her face.
"Outside." She mumbles out of breath walking out. We eye each other wondering what's going on. Guru runs out, the group following him. I jump to my feet walking out. I push my way through trying to see. My eyes meet a huge number of people. My eyes settle on Selja. Her head held high marching towards us. She stops a meter or so away, posing in a firm straight posture.
"Let's go." She implies shortly. Guru glances my way but I keep a blank expression.
"Since you accept, What's there to keep waiting?" She directs her words to me.
"It's not that easy." Guru pouts resting his hands on his hips.
"Obviously, that's why we have been trapped here." She states her voice tight. I rush towards Guru pulling him from his blue tracksuit hoodie by the arm.
"What?" He mourns his voice penetrating looking down at me.
"She thinks I can get them out of the walls. What should I do now?" I ask him softly in a sotto voce tone.
"Huh? You do everything without questioning me and you do now when you need me?" He rails his voice ringing. I pinch his arm for being loud.
"It's not my fault they kidnapped me! I was in a tough situation." I retort letting go of him.
"Now tell me what to say! How are we gonna Leave?" I urge stomping on the ground. He peeps to the left taking a deep breath licking his lips.
"Let's go." He hollers scanning the people. He starts to walk away heading to the walls.
"Do you know anything? How he's going to open the door for everyone?" I ask Oldu and he shakes his head. I lose my balance feeling dizzy. I don't receive any help, seems everyone cares about leaving this place. I wrap my arms around my body sniffing in the dusty air contemplating the kinetic cohort. I examine my surroundings to keep my mind off the pain. Grubby buildings leaning on each other surrounds us giving a sloppy feeling. The fractured tar we're stepping on containing veins of slits, disturbing the appearance of the road sing of zebra cross. I sigh looking up at the gray sky. I wonder why do we always imagine the sky to be blue with shaped clouds. All I see is a white dull cover.
"How is it beyond the walls?" Erin creeps towards me bright-eyed and bushy-tailed with an excited expression I almost think his eyes might drop out.
"Well, no one bites you for sure." I prod my voice grating. Erin chokes loudly and pounds his chest shooting me an awkward glance.
"Ha-haa. . . what's the environment like? Are there any gardens? what's the sky like?" He query and I give him a little push not standing his odor.
"We're all under one sky idiot, it's no different than here," I respond.
"Ah, yeah yeah. I know. How's the town and everything?" He prods.
"YA! what's the matter with you! can't you wait a bit to see it yourself!" I yell at him furious. He stops in his tracks staring me up and down his mouth gaped like a duck. I sigh brushing against him rushing away. I never got to see the whole place either. I was restricted with my family for years, then restricted in the building I used to live in with Tide since I had no fun going out. We stand before the walls taking in the view. Guru pulls out a walkie-talkie thingy and we all focus on him.
"Tide. . . do you hear me?" Guru calls holding the walkie-talkie close to his lips that are rounded with bluish skin. We wait in silence for Tide's response.
"Guru? is that you?" Tide's voice comes through gravelly. I smile to myself assured we're in a good position.
"Yeah, open the door." Guru orders narrowing his eyes at Selja.
"Let me speak to Daria first." Tide's voice rings. I bounce towards Guru snatching the walkie-talkie from him. I examine it not sure how to use it.
"Where do I press?" I ask Guru. He sighs and presses the top button and I speak.
"Tide?" I profane knowing all eyes are on me.
"Daria, you can't come back!" He raves surprising me. I give a slight glance to Guru wondering if he knows anything. He sighs again looking away gritting his teeth.
"Why? what's wrong?" I ask pressing the button myself.
"Your father is seriously angry, you're in trouble with him. Better stay there for a while." Tide warns.
"Just open the door, for now, it'll be worse if I stay here." I imply handing the walkie-talkie back to Guru. Father has always been bonkers anyways. After a few minutes, the door clicks open automatically.
"Oka. . . guys! stoppppp. WAIT." Guru panics stepping away from the door frame jumping away. . .
"DARIA!" He calls for me. Everyone raves towards the door. It's a small two-meter metal door, it fits one at a time. But no one seems to care. I fall face down as Erin pulls at my arm pushing me out of his way. I kiss the dirt on the ground scratching my palms. I yell as feet start stepping on me giving away crack sounds of my bones. A foot gash on my face and I gasp at the cramping pain. A set of hands pulls me up, setting me on my feet. My eyes start to water and I constantly blink for a better view. I don't see who's helping me and what direction I'm going. I just make out some figures as I order my aching feet to move. I lose the hand grabbing me and stumble slightly at the force of the ghouls around me. I spot the door and a sudden wrench rotate me towards it. I slog my way to it light headed. I duck down since everyone is stuck as they push each other for freedom. I crawl slamming my hands on people's legs for them to make way for me. Tears dance their way down my cheeks as I keep pushing myself to crawl faster. I can't tell if I'm crying because my eyes are swollen or because of the ghouls' strong scent or the pain tugging at my body. I grab at the door frame pulling myself to it a sense of searing sharp pain gig at my fingers. I cry out my voice dying in the chaos. I keep on pulling and crying. In a beat I'm on the other side, I jump to my feet with a hiccup at my throat. I push against people gaining some support feeling my legs like jelly.
"Daria!" I hear a loud call coming from the back. I spin my head around hearing a crack of muscles my feet stepping back. My eyes shift around trying to spot someone I know.
"Ah!" I yelp as I bump into a hard surface. At first, I think I bumped into a wall. I look up catching sight of a figure.
"Hey." A guttural voice greets me. I fall down scanning the person before me. . . It's Reeve, my sister.




MORIBUND

Chapter 23

Daria's P/O/V
I prance to my feet my eyes glued on Reeve. We're both still while the chaos's din competes with our silent thoughts. I peep at the two men standing beside her. I take a deep breath looking away with a mocking smile. . . I count to three,
"Idiot. . . " I whisper as I spin around and dash away. A hand pulls at my hoodie and I slip right out of it swiftly. I speed up thrusting at the people around me trying to get away. I lapidate the people with my body jostling trying to hide between them as I flee away. When I step out of the packed area, I spot a high building and decide to race towards it.
I step on a pile of garbage gimpsing my way higher to reach the building. I don't waste time to check if Reeve is near. I slip down giving the smelly garbage a fondle. I push myself up rapidly not minding the aching pain around my whole body, pulling my foot out of a picture frame that caused my fall. I hike upwards giving myself a little boost as I spot a metal ladder attached to the building trying to reach it. I stretch my arms feeling the muscles ache as I stand on my toes. This's not going to work. . . a set of hands grabs at my waist lifting me off the ground. I clasp my hands on the ladder pulling my body higher. I look down as soon as I support myself on the ladder meeting Oldu. I offer my hand and he takes it, I pull him up a little until he grabs hold of one of the poles below my feet. I let go of him continuing my way up. I heave myself throwing my body on top of the concrete resting on the roof of the building. I take shallow breaths eying him stepping off the ladder and pull himself up, I don't bother making space for him so I let him trip trying not to step on my body.
"Let's go." He rails pausing resting his hands on his knees as he takes deep breaths. I pull myself up giving a slight glimpse trying to see if Reeve is around.
"We lost them," I state looking up at him. He shakes his hand waving a no at me.
"That never happens. Probably she's coming the opposite way or something. Ghouls never miss anyone." He implies.
"Well, thankfully I'm not that anyone." I imply sarcastically laying on my back again closing my eyes to rest. I listen to his sighs touching the bridge of my nose feeling like my brain's about to break.
"You are that anyone, she'll find you, she'll follow my scent." I hear him say. I flick open my eyes resting my hand beside me as I eye him.
"No, I'm sure we lost her." I reply acquiring a roll of eyes from him. I crack a smile.
"You and your twin should stop wearing identical outfits." I imply sitting up straight.
"Why? is it hard for you to tell us apart?" He asks sitting down.
"Not really, it's just awful to see double of you." I imply biting my lip feeling bad for what I just said. We both jerk in fear as we hear stomping on the metal ladder we just climbed up on. Oldu runs towards the ladder glimpsing down and I push myself in a sitting position alert. He grabs hold of the ladder and pushes it away from the wall breaking the bond and letting go of it staring down at it. I hear a thud and some aws. He comes towards me pulling me off the ground by the shirt so violently that it rips.
"AW! not so harsh!" I complain as he pulls me from the arm starting to run. He lets go of me when I start running next to him evenly.
"Was it Reeve?" I ask him peeking behind me. He jerks me roughly and I aw again.
"Yeah, just keep runni. . . " A loud shriek fills my ears. I stop in my tracks looking behind me trying to spot what caused it. Ghouls have a beasty roar?
"Come on!!!" He pulls me roughly and I give in. I run as quickly as I can jumping from building to another, fortunately, the gaps are tiny. . . With that thought in my mind, I stumble as my foot sticks to a wire when I jump confidently. I fall trying to minimize my scream with the big sudden thud as my body flies up and down on some wires that save my life. I try to free myself from the wires pushing my body down an opening of wire and slip through. I make a sound of water splashing with my shoes and wonder why it's so dark. I'm in a tight alley full of crap and garbage, it smells like urine and burn, but that's the least to worry about. I sigh nodding to myself glad some of the light shines through that life-saving wires.
"AH!" I yelp as sudden hands wrap around me.
"It's me!" I hear a familiar voice.
"Who's me!?" I rail pushing his hands away from me. He giggles softly giving me the creeps since there's nothing funny. I sneeze at his odor covering my nose.
"What's wrong with you today coming behind me all the time?" I ask waiting for the answer.
"It's becoming a habit I guess." He replies and I crock my head knowing the lies I'm hearing are too fun to play with. It's Guru, is he trying to play Oldu? why?
"Don't grow a habit, we won't be around each other for long hopefully." I muse pulling up my loose jeans.
"Daria!" I hear a loud yell from above. I look up acknowledging it's Oldu.
"That's Guru." GURU profanes still keeping up with the lie.
"Shut up Guru," I allege in a ringing tone. I look down observing Guru's fierce eyes. I spin around studying the dark alley.
"What did you say?" I roll my eyes hearing the shrill voice of Guru. I march a few feet wondering where's the exit. I hit a can making little annoying noise,
"Come on, this place is creepy." I echo. Guru grabs at my hand roughly hurting me. I focus my eyes on his, swallowing down.
"Why do you want to be Oldu, and Oldu wants to be you? just switch name. You too look the same you know." I tell him. Gritting his teeth he lets go of me and I thank whatever though that saved me. We walk out of the tiny alley meeting a few crowded buildings. The street is empty and it's starting to get dark. A set of wide stairs lead the way down the road and multi different signs with words scribed on them fill the place giving a bright view to the multicolored building.
"Where's everybody?" I ask Guru and he shrugs. I can hear some muffled screams not so far away but see nothing. I jump down the wide stairs scanning my surroundings.
"Where on earth has Oldu gone in a minute?" I speak to myself annoyed. I approach a window of a house trying to take a look inside maybe spotting someone. I push the opened window further to get a better look. The sneaky feel of a thief creeps up to me, I step away finding nothing. I shouldn't be looking into peoples houses right?
"AW!" I yelp as I slip down missing the end of the wide stairs. Biting down my lip at the shooting pain in my hips reminding me of no worse pain I ever experienced. I glance behind me wondering why is Guru so silent. I spot him frozen in his place staring at something ahead, I look where he's looking finding a girl. I remember her, she's Guru and Oldu's sister. . . can't remember her name though. I stand up wondering why none of them is moving an inch. I keep quite ogling at them, waiting for something to happen.
"Hello. . . you made it?" I rail hating myself for losing my patience with their silence. The girl shifts her eyes at me staring at me as if she would snap my neck. Eyes sharp and curling her lips.
"Where's uh your brother?" I ask her shifting with the tensing of her.
"Go to hell." The girl raves suddenly.
"Oh okay." I rail at the brat with no manners. She does realize how rude that is. In a split second, the girl charges towards me so fast with a nasty look on her face, her teeth tiny like a chiwawa. She pushes me on the ground giving my back a break as the edge of the stairs engraves in. Her dirty hands clasp around my neck and I try to shrink away pushing her off me but she's too stiff. Her tangled hair gives a dirty look to her as she looks down at me with her wide brown eyes, her lips pressed together at the force action of her hands around my neck. I struggle under her power slamming my hand on her head graving my fingers around her brown hair and pulling in every direction.
"GURU!!" I yell for help wondering why on earth is he not helping me. She bangs my head harder and harder on the concrete, with a sudden force of my body, my mouth gapes open as an urge bubbles up my throat. With a strong squeeze, liquid forces it's way out of my mouth and I throw up on the girl's face. For a second she freezes in shock as blood covers her face. I choke again, more blood flies on her face. With a deafening shriek, she let's go of me falling aside wiping her face.
"AH!!!!!!!! HELP ME!!" She yells. I stand to my feet scanning her in fear. I wipe the blood off my lips as it starts to burn a little. Now I remember my blood actually burns like hell. Guru's still in his spot staring down at his sister not helping her at all. Are they real siblings? or was it a lie? I step away, taking in deep breaths feeling the pleasure of not being choked anymore.
Guru shifts his attention to me and I shake my head slightly. Is he angry? or smiling? I spin around and start running away. I look back espy Guru just inches away from me. Why is he trying to catch me all of a sudden!?? I turn zipping through the roads, with a sudden jerk I fall face forward hitting my face. Before processing Guru on my back I examine my teeth licking them glad they're still in their place. Guru pulls at my hair and I scream feeling strands of my hair being removed. My hands fly up to his to stop him from pulling my hair. I can't feel them. . . I search for his hands, I grab it! As I quite take over the jerking, my eyes settle on something ahead. I stop my action of pulling at Guru and watch the horror in front of me.
A couple of feet away from me, Reeve lies on the ground. Zebra cross sign beneath her, and Oldu standing beside her breathing heavily his chest rising and falling too quick while Reeve's is motionless. Her arm extended in front of her face, her black hair standing on the edges of her neck. Blood pouring down her parted mouth. Her green-grey eyes looking my way motionless. And at that moment I take in a breath deeper than any puddle I've seen and let it out with a hint of voice, turning it into a scream. 




HOPPIPOLLA

Chapter 24

Guru's P/O/V
I stare down at Daria as she goes silent for a few seconds. My hand still tangled in her hair as she placed there, something acquires my attention. I focus my gaze on her hands clasped on mine and I watch further down her arm, uncolored veins draw on her skin up the short sleeved t-shirt she's wearing. My heart beats quicken as I observe the veins coming up to her hands. I jerk my hand pulling it out from under her hands. I miss a heartbeat when I realise her grip is too strong I can't jerk free. I pull to wrench her off but no use. I punch her head knowing it will hurt her in fear when I see the veins reached her fingers all the way up to her nails coloring them in a pinkish color. I let out a sigh when I realise the weird veins stopped there and didn't taint me. I fought the nervousness swallowing down as I lean my body further to inspect her face. I go numb as I see her dead stare looking up at me, her eyes full dark pink with no hint of white.
"Shit," I whisper to myself. No, I didn't see. I felt. With how fast it was, my eyes didn't process her actions, she pulled my hand she was holding and pulled me down. In an instant, she's on top of me. She cracks her head sideways her hair falling to the side, not dreamily fluffy but dirty and bushy. I clasp my hands around her arms just in case I can stop her.
"Daria, just wait a. . . " Her balled hand crunches down on my lips. I shrink under her as the gnawing pain make me tearful. I raise my palms in front of my face to block her next move, but her punch ends up in my hip. I grit at a tugging headache she's causing me and curse her under my breath.

Oldu's P/O/V
I shift in my place watching Daria work her punches on Guru. I brush my face off sweat, my chest heaving. I swallow down peeping down at Reeve. I take a step back, looking up quickly when I hear the punches stopped. Daria examines me with her dark eyes and I shiver, I should run. She jumps to her feet giving a last kick to Guru and dashes towards me. I sidestep making Daria's punch pointless then she stumbles yelling in a raucous skinny voice, like metal pieces scratched together. I rush towards her garbing her arm and placing mine around her neck. I tighten my mitts as she tries to pull it off.
"Calm down!!" I stress not knowing what best I can say. She struggles beneath my grip but I don't let her go.
"He killed your sister!!" Guru cajoles pointing at Reeve. I look down at Reeve realizing she's not moving. I look up at Guru confused watching his side smirk as he wipes the blood off his mouth.
"I didn't." I echo in Daria's ear acknowledging that's why she went into this crazy mode. She jerks at my voice and I tighten my mitts tighter out of fear she might do some damage to me.
"She attacked me and I pushed her off. G. . ." My words die as she stomps on my foot and I almost think she broke some of the toes.
"GHOULS. . . don't, DIE so easily!" I add trying to calm her down. She raves shaking her head giving a funny voice of a moaning puppy. . . an evil one. I look down at Reeve once again scanning her body wondering why isn't she moving. Could I have killed her so easily?
"He's lying to you! look at her body! does she look alive to you!?" Guru proceeds almost breaking my patience. I know this's part of the plan, but it can cost my life.
"You should never miss a good chance to shut up GURU!" I rail in a tight voice as I keep my grip tight. Daria hits me with her mitts a few times but I don't remove my arm but tighten even more.

Daria's P/O/V
I don't know what's going on. Oldu's hands are choking me and I barely have any air left inside of my chest. My eyes drift down on my sister's body and I choke with some tears in my eyes. None of this would've happened if I didn't leave that day. One mistake. . . I didn't listen to my father. He was after my safety, after all, he wasn't the evil guy. I got just one regret, I wish I never left home. I was miserable, but now I wanna kill all the memories I had since the first step I took out of the house. I've experienced things I never wanted to. Why wasn't I asked if I want to or not!? why didn't anyone tell me this is what was going to happen!? I blink with a low brittle sound. I give the last struggle whop. I still don't wanna die, it may look like the end of the world and I feel like giving up but. . . the thought of death creeps me out. Will I die now? golly no! My arms fall to my sides, my brain not processing my orders to keep trying. My eyes close, feeling wifty and hoping Oldu might let me live. . . but. Well, I have no idea what's gonna happen.

Gur's P/O/V
"Hey, I think you killed her," I remark standing up sprinting towards Oldu. He looks down at Daria letting go of her and she falls to the ground. I feel like I'm floating on air and sick jointly. Oldu peeps at me constantly swallowing. I lean down next to Daria trying to feel her pulse. I let go of her wrist looking up watching Oldu's face as he touches the end of his nose his eyes darting between me and Daria.
"Is she. . . ?" He asks in a penetrating voice his eyes red and puffy, sweat trickling down his face.
"The bampot got 7 lives." I imply looking down at Daria as her chest starts rising and falling again.

Daria's P/O/V
I push my hands under my thighs shrinking to warm myself. I hear the rain lullaby as I relax. I always loved rain, always imagined people outside getting wet while I'm warm and dry. I always loved the sound of the lightning, imagining it hitting the ground I never saw. The land I want so badly to see and run in. The city.
Plip. . . plip, doop. . . doop. The rain dribbles.
BOOM! My eyes fly open as I jerk for an instant at the sound of lightning. SPLAT! Another one hits.
"Been raining all day." My eyes dart towards the person who just spoke. He stares down at me sitting in a criss-cross position his arms stretched on his knees on a yellow carpet. I sit up bending my back cracking my muscles. I scan the room I'm in. There's a medium size window behind me with a see-through milky curtain, so thin. We're in a living room painted chalky peach color with no furniture besides a dining table for four. Looking down, a needle sits beside my hand with two jars.
"Almost done!" I hear a young girl's fruity voice. I glance at Guru and he looks away towards a door. I lean slightly to a side sitting position giving my hips a bit of a stretch trying to see beyond the door. I guess it's a kitchen since a lot of plate noises sing in there. A girl comes out of the door frame with a white flowery designed pot in her hands. She bounces her way to the dining table and places the pot on it. She looks our way glancing at Guru with a smile not giving me much attention. She hurries back in the kitchen bringing out a bottle of yellow faded juice. A woman walks out of what seems a kitchen with a pan in her hand. She places it on the table glancing our way.
"Come on." She simply says. Guru eyes me standing up and I do the same. He walks towards the table and I dawl, my muscles aching as they sit down watching me. I take the empty seat next to the women, my eyes darting between the three.
"Did the smell woke you up?" The women ask me her voice silvery. I shake my head and she smiles tensely pushing her lips together in disappointment.
"Go on, I made the fish." The young girl implies watching Guru then giving me a slight glance. She has short bob bleached hair that tickles her fat sinking cheeks, dark brown eyebrows with a set of thin almond sapphire eyes smudged with what seems sticky lip gloss on her eyelids. Eyelids stick with each blink. Light pink lipstick making her lips look thin. I wait for someone to start first but no one does. A door's bang eats our attention. I hear heavy footsteps and realize it's Oldu from his scent. He walks in the living room with his shoes on dirtying the bright yellow carpet. He has a black fabric jacket on with a set of jeans.
"We need to talk." Oldu implies peeking at me. I look from the slightly mouth gaped women to the nose flared young girl. They both stand up quietly leaving the living room. I pull the spoon meant to be mine and dig at the soup served to me while Oldu takes the women's seat.
"How're you feeling." He asks me and I give a loud sneeze. I shrug swallowing in some of the tasteless fish.
"After being choked? guess I'm fine." I utter sarcastically receiving no reply.
"What happened with all the ghouls?" I ask keeping my eyes on the food. I pull in my filled spoon and sniff at the mouthful soup, groaning under my breath for not smelling a thing, besides the two ghouls next to me.
"What's going on outside is actually a surprise you know." Oldu remarks. I gaze up at him waiting for more information realizing the redness around his eyes is less puffy.
"Some of them didn't stick to the promise but most of them are actually starving and not touching anyone," Guru tells me. I put down my spoon looking down at my grown belly.
"You? what the on earth happened to you? suddenly wanting to kill me? was it because I hurt your sistter?" I gesture my hand at Guru.
"I didn't do anything to you, it was Oldu." He points at his twin. I sigh,
"So it's not so bad right, outside I mean," I state changing the subject standing up. They both scan me waiting for my next move.
"Who's house is this? is it okay if I take a shower?" I ask pulling off dead skin off my dry lips.
"Uh. . . It's upstairs." Guru informs me giving a tense look at Oldu. I walk away climbing the stairs giving my thighs a soft hit to the aching muscles. Stepping on the top stair I look to the left then to the right raising my hand to my jaw startled. Letting it down, acting smoothly I said,
"I, uh. . . may I take a shower," I allege pointing to my left. The young girl looks me up and down nodding her hands crossed as she leans on the wall next to her.
"Shower is there." She points to her right. I nod,
"Is this where you live?" I ask and her eyes narrow at me, glaring.
"Do you mind lending me some cloths if you got any?" I echo paying attention to what she's wearing.
"Something not so exposing." I proceed to wonder if she's not cold in those leggings and crop top, hoping I'm not sounding annoying. She gives me a last glare then leaves. I wait for her a minute or so and she comes handing me pieces of outfit. I thank her and go in the bathroom. I start the shower after a long time of trying to work out how hot water works. There's only one tab. . . how do I make it hot? I give up, showering with cold water. I put on a gray designed hoodie that feels rough and stinting against my skin and cold blue skinny jeans. I look at myself in a round mirror above the sink, I step on my toes to see my face a little and sigh not reaching it. I step on the bath edge and stare at my reflection. I got a bit of bruise on my neck and guess it's Olu's doing. My nostrils are puffy red but my whole face doesn't look that bad. . . besides those red lines. I walk down the stairs glad I'm about to dump the dirty outfit I was wearing. I stop in my tracks watching the women and her daughter sitting down on the floor with Guru and Oldu eating. . . watermelon.
"Where can I throw these?" I ask the young girl while she licks her piece of red watermelon.
"There's a black bin in the kitchen." The women tells me. I walk into the kitchen my mind racing. Walking back into the living room, staring at them, I pull a chair away from the table and sit down facing them. I pull in my breath shrinking my full belly as it tugs at the tight jeans.
"Wasn't the water cold for you?" The women suddenly ask me and I feel my face burn.
"Huh. . . no." I profane my voice wobbly. The women crocks her head at me, her long brown hair falling to the side. She has a red long sleeved dress on and a simple little ball necklace. She has a set of almond shaped brown eyes and a flawless face with a set of full even lips painted in red, her watermelon piece smudged in lipstick.
"That's good then. The hot water wasn't on." She proceeds to give my lie a badge. I wonder if she's related to Guru and Oldu in any way. They seem relaxed around each other.
"Anyway, I'm Daria." I introduce myself. The women and the girl just ignore me.
"We already told them." Oldu informs me. I take a deep breath looking away. So there has been a talk about me which I didn't hear.
"Well, no one told me who they are." I run on dolling my eyes at Oldy and he chokes before uttering a word.
"This's Angela and her daughter Trista." Guru introduces them while the mom smiles politely at me, Trista ignores what's been said biting down more watermelon. I nod once.
"Is it okay if you tell me why we're here?" I ask my question directed to Guru and Oldu. They give each other a look before speaking.
"We waited for you to wake up so we can proceed with the plan. Selja is waiting and we're taking too much time." Oldu informs me making it sound as if it's my fault.
"It's not my fault you almost choked me to death." I fire back ogling my eyes at him. He shifts giving his nose a stroke. I cross my arms.
"Anyway, why is Selja waiting? what for?" I ask pulling the jeans higher to my waist as it tugs at my belly.
"She's waiting for you to guide them to the next step." Oldu implies as if it's obvious.
"Shall we go now?" I state standing up letting my belly at ease. Oldu nods at Guru and they stand up. Trista jumps to her feet licking her fingers,
"Um coming too!" She rails smiling with a nod. I ignore her, waiting for someone to lead the way to the door not wanting to look stupid searching for it. Trista offers me a pair of shoes since mine is a mess of mud and it magically fits properly not like the tight jeans. As the door opens, Guru and Oldu head out first and I follow with Trista behind me. I stop in my tracks realizing I got no make-up on to hide my ugly red lines from the none ghoulish world.
"What's wrong?" Oldu asks me as he catches me scanning the street at the doorstep. I look sideways rubbing my temple at the awkward moment. I step back inside pushing Trista in, closing the door leaving Oldu and Guru out.
"What's wrong!?" Trista asks in a tight voice. I hold her arm, noticing how cold she is.
"Can you please lend me some make-up!??" I beg. She stares at me blank for a second then sighs.
"Come up." She says walking away and I follow her, mark making I have to become her best friend for saving me. She works her magic on me and I thank her a million times.
"What took you so long!?" I hear Guru moan as we step out of the house. I stare at him taking in a heavy breath. His mouth shapes an O as he sees me and I roll my eyes in tension.
"Where's everybody?" I ask stepping on the pavement walking under shop covers to cover me from the rain, spotting so little people around even though it's daylight.
"The security has been evacuating the place," Trista informs me as she follows my steps hugging herself from the cold.
"They informed everyone about the Wall breakout and that the savage ghouls are out." Guru recites.
"We found them. . . " I hear Oldu rave in a raucous voice. I look ahead where he's looking and I stop in my tracks.
"Police?" I ask Trista and she nods biting down her lower lip as she jerks, rubbing her arms as the wind hits us. I look at Oldu curious why it's a problem.
"Do they arrest ghouls?" I ask knowing the answer. Guru and Oldu stopping in their tracks.
"Oh god, they saw us." Trista echoes shivering and I peek at the police as they stare at us. Oldu rushes towards me and I block my face from him but end up looking stupid as he heads to the glass windows behind me. I thought he was going to hit me.
Clash!!!!!
"What on earth!?" I yell as he punches the glass and it crashes making a sound of a bomb. I look up raising my hand to my lips and biting down my finger as I see the policemen jog towards us.
"Put your hands up where I can see them!" They yell pointing something at us. I groan under my breath hating Oldu for what he just did. Guru raises his hands and so does Oldu. Trista glances at me raising her hands slowly shewing at her lips. I sigh raising my hands as well.




STUPIFY

Chapter 25

Oldu's P/O/V
We stand still eyeing each other in silence as the two fuzz pull a device from their belt.
"Stay still." The tough looking fuzz guy warns poking my head slightly placing the device on my neck. I watch as the guy's eyes flash in fear growing wide as the device peeps.
"You know we can hunt you down if you try to run away." The fuzz warns and I nod smiling. The thing is, he doesn't know I'm not gonna run away. I wanna get caught. They take all of us in a clunker, sitting or rather squashing each other since the space is too small. The device detected us all as ghouls, besides Daria. Her's didn't peep green as for humans nor red for ghouls. I peek at her as she looks down at her hands squashed against the door. Looking deep into thoughts as she plays with her nails and her hair covering half her face.
They take us to a huge place filled with big premises and long wire fences around them. As the clunker halts to a stop a few members of the fuzz come around and pull us out. They place a tight black metal rope around our bodies and take us in. We wait a while in an empty room, standing quietly.
"Why on earth did you do that back there!?" Daria raves breaking the silence.
"It's the only way we can meet Selja," I tell her resting my back on the wall almost losing my balance with my mitts tightened against my body. Daria opens her mouth to say something but the door of the gray room flies open. A couple of fuzz men takes us out. They pull me out first and the others behind me.

Daria's P/O/V
I step back as they approach me, they grab me roughly taking me out of the room same as the others. My heart drops as I watch myself being dragged another way. My eyes miss them as the policemen pull me away. Now alone with the men, I start to panic.
"Is this prison?" I ask them my voice wobbly.
"I didn't do anything wrong," I whisper feeling my throat full. They keep dragging me through a gray dark hallway and I smell a nasty odor. We stop in front of a huge glass door with four men guarding it. I examine the room I'm about to enter. There's like tons of people inside, and none of them look welcoming. The glass door peeps and it slides open. I jolt at the strong smell when the glass door frees it. They place a bracelet around my wrist and they pitch me in. On my feet, I stare as the door shuts. I gulp down feeling my chest bump like the washing machine we had at home with my shoes in it. Spinning around watching as the pile of ghouls scan me. My eyes watering flaming up because of the ghouls. Trying to calm myself, I breathe in, breathe out. I fail. Falling to the floor giving a banging noise of my knees on the floor. I throw up. My belly squeezes into a knot and I throw out, even more, blood.
"OHH!" I hear the lot exclaim in disgust and I start to sob my eyes burning and my throat sour. I wipe my lips quickly before it starts burning me and push my hand into my jeans pocket pulling a small plastic I've placed in from my old trousers. My fingers shake as I try to grab hold of the plastic bag, as I touch it, relief takes over me. Opening it swiftly, I pull one tablet out and place it in my mouth. Swallowing it down without water isn't a problem anymore. Standing to my feet, I walk towards an empty spot and rest my back on the wall. I smile to myself sliding down, dizziness taking over. My body goes numb and I shiver in delight. As the pain is kicked out of my body, I drift to sleep not minding any chuck faced ghoul around me.
Opening my eyes, I raise my hand quickly to my face startled. Letting it down, I blink my eyes a few times for a better sight. I take a deep breath choking at the odor I missed while sleeping.
"Hey. . . " Erin speaks up squatting in front of me. He has the same dirty outfit and his hair is still too bright to look at.
"You're here?" I ask him scanning the room again spotting the pool of blood I made earlier.
"Everyone is here, just in different rooms." He tells me and I nod wondering if that's why Oldu did what he did to get in here.
"Great, where's Selja?" I ask him shutting my eyes for a while as they start to burn a little.
"Unfortunately, you fell in the wrong room. But I'm here to get you to the right one." He remarks with a stupid smirk.
"Okay." I imply standing up trying to support my body. We both walk up towards the glass door and stare at the guards behind it.
"You think you can hold them back?" I ask him staring down at their never-saw weapons.
"They're humans, dah." He remarks rolling his eyes. I shake my head just wanting to leave this place already. Erin takes in a deep breath and punches the glass wall with a big effort making him stumble back. Nothing happens. He looks up at me confused and I roll my eyes,
"Are you serious?" I prod crossing my arms.
"You think they'll put you in here with an easy escaping door? I thought you had another plan." I rail and he sighs his face flashing red.
"Any ideas?" I ask him and he stays quiet. I look behind me scanning the ghouls.
"Any ideas people?" I ask my voice guttural.
"Come on, you don't want to stay here do you?" I rail wondering why no one is doing anything.
"We didn't eat for days, we got no energy. Besides, every day they take one out." Erin tells me.
"What? where do they take them?" I ask him curiously. He sits down and I sit facing him too.
"No idea." He mumbles. I play with my nails hoping taking ghouls out isn't a bad thing.
"I'm starving." I hear Erin say.
"I'm sooo hungry" He repeats in a husky voice.
"Stop complaining," I tell him rubbing my eyes feeling the cold ground freeze my bum.
"I can't, I'm suffering." He runs on. I try to ignore him gritting my teeth as the pain starts to wonder in my body.
"Did they take anyone today yet?" I ask him thinking I might have missed it while sleeping.
"Not yet, it's around this time." He elaborates. For the rest of the time, I rest my back on the wall next to Erin my knees in front of me, listening to his moaning and sneezing from time to time.
"Either shut up or have a bite of my other hand." I mock a shush ingredients at him. The silence breaks with the sound of the glass doors opening. Blinking open my eyes I watch as two guards march towards the lot of ghouls. They pull at a middle-aged man who doesn't bother fighting. I jump quickly to my feet and pull at Erin. I run towards the door my knees throbbing in pain. The guard outside moves towards us and I pull Erin in front of me and punch the guard with Erin as my weapon.
"What the!" Erin prods standing to his feet leaving the guard motionless. Watching the guards inside the room rushing out, I close the door with the button I saw them use earlier. Sudden hands grab at my neck and I stand on my toes so I won't choke. Erin fights two guards at the same time not helping me much. I close my eyes thinking of the worst hoping I might change to the angry me and do something. But I fail. My lungs are empty of air and struggle even harder. Erin grabs one of the guards from the neck and pulls him swiftly banging him with his own head finishing him off. Spinning around, facing the other guard, he takes a second and I watch as the hungry ghoul veins appear. Pulling the scared guard towards him, he takes a bite and another and another. I wish for him to stop and help me but he doesn't. I try to yell but my throat fails me. Thinking quick to save myself I bite down my tongue as hard as I can. Tasting the metallic blood, I spit on the guard's arm who's shocking me. The guard screams and I smile in triumph. I choke in stun as the guard's arm stiffens harder and he laughs in delight. That was supposed to hurt him! Hopefully, Erin's eyes find mine and he takes a second look at his prey as if deciding which is better, eating or saving me. He rushes towards me and gives a rough punch to the guard choking me. It takes him a few hits to lose his grip. Taking a deep breath I help Erin finish off the guard by stepping on his big nosed face a few times.
"Let's go." Erin proceeds with a final kick. We ignore the rebelling ghouls from the same room as us and run our way.
"Why hasn't anyone escape yet?" I ask him. They could have done it the same way we just did.
"Run where? we're all waiting for orders from Selja." Erin answers as he looks for the way.
"She's in room 259." Erin echoes looking up at the numbers of the room we're next to. It's empty with no guards around it.
"Wow, how can you tell what room she's in? can you smell her or something?" I ask him as he looks around confused rubbing his neck.
"Yep, it's that easy for me." He vaunts. I wait in my spot for him to tell which way to go.
"Uh, can you read what number is that?" He points at the empty room number label. I look at him confused for a moment waiting for an explanation to pop out.
"What? you expect me to know how to read?" He mocks me and I recall there probably was no school or anything back beyond the walls.
"That's 304," I tell him.
"We missed it!" He talks to himself in a raucous voice. We run back checking the room numbers we pass by. And they're all empty. With no guards anywhere.
"256. . . 257. . . " I read as we go.
"The next two right?" Erin asks walking faster than me.
"258. . . " I stop frozen as I spot the room we're looking for, my gaze falling down on the room doors, lights go off in a blink.
"Oh my golly, Erin? you there!?" I echo my voice ringing as I start to panic. I hate darkness more than anything! I don't receive an answer. I hear noises of someone struggling and that makes my heart beats faster.
"Erin!? I swear if you're not answering as a joke to scare me, you're dead!" I talk gravelly pushing myself to the wall to feel a bit of safety. The lights blink on and I breathe my surroundings. I spot Erin pushing at the glass door.
"What are you doing!? I almost had a heart attack!" I cajole placing a hand on my chest.
"Well, you almost did. But I'm having it! My arm is about to slice off!" He retorts pulling his stuck arm. I hurry to him and grab at the door and pull away with all my might. It's too stiff to budge. From the other side comes Trista and bangs at the glass.
"Help us!" I tell her knowing she can hear me since Erin is holding the door wide a bit with his arm. She starts to pull with us and it starts to move a little.
"Wait, you can just press open the button again!" I hear Trista say. I let go of the door and press the button. It slides open and Erin falls to the ground as the door releases his arm. Looking up to check if this's the right room.
"I almost died. . . " Erin runs on.
"Is Selja in there?" I ask Trista scanning her. She looks the same while my top is dirty with blood and she keeps staring, her lower lip forward like a child. She nods at my question. I walk in brushing against her, smelling the stuffed room. I spot Selja on her feet and I rush towards her.
"We meet again." She states looking stiff holding her body weight.
"Obviously." I mock without intending to. I just hate it when people state the obvious.
"So, what is the plan now? We didn't do anything as you can see and we didn't rebel with the humans." She tells me. I look around the room checking for Oldu and Guru but spot neither of them.
"Our promise was for whoever harmed humans means breaking the promise and. . . " Selja goes on and I cut in.
"Let's talk about that later. Now, let's leave this place." I tell her and she stares at me, her eyebrows meet.
"The guards just went urgently for some reason. There must be a lot of guards outside, and as you can see, we've got no energy." She complains looking down at me like a puppy.
"We've got a monster over there and ah. . . " I spot Trista standing next to Erin.
"You can fight as well right?" I ask her and she nods.
"Guru and Oldu must be somewhere here as well," I tell her. She shakes her head.
"Not enough, there's a lot of guards and they got weapons." She proceeds and I grit my teeth with a sigh.
"Don't make it a big deal, you're over reacting. . . " I start and she cuts in with a raucous voice.
"Fine, you do whatever you want." She proceeds. I shake my head walking away.
"Come on everyone," Erin calls. We walk away from the room and march through the hallways. I sneeze hard giving my head an ache. I feel watery texture coming down my nose and I place my arm under my nose to stop the blood touching my skin.
"You okay?" Erin asks and I blink as a yes.
"Hey, this room is full." We hear someone say. Rubbing my nose, I watch as they open the door and let everyone out.
"Why no guards?" I ask Trista and she shrugs. Guru and Oldu walk up to us and we proceed on walking.
"Guys, is it just me or there's a strong human whiff?" Someone from the crowd calls. They all glance at each other nodding.
"Oh here's the exit!" Trista calls and I rush observing.
"Should we go out?" Oldu asks Guru.
"What is that red light?" Erin asks pointing at the selling.
"We've got like those at home," I whisper remembering seeing them in each corner.
"Home?" Erin asks mockingly.
"They're cameras. They're watching us." I rail biting my nails.
"Let's go out. I'm starving!" The crowd begins to shout. And in split second a young boy dashes past us and pushes open the huge metal door. I shut my eyes at the bright light. Hearing Erin curse. I blink open my swollen eyes and my jaw drops open. We're dead, I think as I observe the lot numbered constabulary. Like hundred and more. I scan the front row spotting men in suits. In the middle, my eyes fall on a blue well-designed suit that I've seen similar loads of times. Looking down at the person's shoes, my heart drops as I realise who's the person wearing them. The same black leather shoes. . . I've seen and hated countless time. Swallowing down, my eyes fly up to the person's face. And again, I'm amazed how can life keep throwing these faces in my path. My belly knot as I watch my father's horrified mouth gaped expression.




NEPENTH

Chapter 26

Daria's P/O/V
"Look, they've got weapons," Oldu mutters waking me up from the dream I was having of the ways to get rid of my father.
"Don't worry guys, we've got the privilege of eating them. . . right?" Erin prods and I keep quiet, staring at my dad. He says something to the people next to him his face turning bright red.
"Well?" Selja says from behind. I wait. I watch as he takes a step forward and the other.
"Who's he? should we attack?" Trista asks as my dad approaches us.
"Daria!" He exclaims standing a few meters away from me. He takes another step until he's inches away from me. I grit my teeth to keep my feelings away. In a blink, he takes me into his hands and hugs me. This's the second time in my whole life, experiencing my dad's hug. My heart swings back and forth between the need of hugging him back and cry my heart out, and the urge to push him away. Gladly he decides, stepping away he looks deep into my eyes as tears roll down his face.
"Where have you been!? I looked everywhere for you!" He raves shaking. I swallow down keeping quite afraid I might start crying.
"Do you know how much I went through!? I thought I lost you! You're so precious why don't you ever understand that." He proceeds and I feel a tear roll down on my cheek. Someone pokes me in the back and my mouth goes dry as I gaze at his loving face.
"Daddy. . . " I mutter my voice wobbly.
"Yes, darling." He rails his voice fruity.
"What on earth are you doing here." I utter more tears rolling down. He looks to the right then back at me pressing a smile that fades immediately.
"I'll explain everything later, come on." He grips my arm and pulls me away. I let him drag me a few steps as I hear the lot of ghouls calling me.
"Daria!" I hear Erin and Oldu hiss calling me but I don't stop him. As my cries begin to rave, hands grab at my other arm stopping me. My dad spins around with sharp wide eyes and a deadly glare.
"Let her go." Guru implies tightening his grip. I keep crying my eyes swollen waiting for my dad to take me away.
"Get your filthy hand off her." My dad raves his voice raucous. I cry louder and they both glance at me confused. I feel like a baby who has no idea how to speak, just crying to say I'm happy my dad is next to me caring. My dad gazes behind him motioning with his head at Guru.
"What's going on?! why are you doing nothing? you know this guy?" He runs on and I shut my eyes taking deep breaths trying to stop my tears. A well-covered man hurries to my side and pinches something in Guru's hand as he talks to me. He falls to the ground his breathing ragged as his face turns faint yellow. I'm pulled away by my dad and my eyes leave Guru's swiftly. My dad takes me away from the chaos, handing me to someone in a black suit,
"Take her to the car. I'll be with you in a moment honey." He assures me. I sit in a high leveled black car scented of the same vanilla smell in my favorite cake I used to eat at home. Making little ZikZik noises on the leather cold seats. I wait, pressing my fingers at the space between seats. I look up startled as the door flies open, then relief washes over as I realize it's my dad. He sits next to me slightly curving his body to look at me. I break the silence with a hiccup and he smiles his eyes shutting.
"You're okay?" He asks his voice warm as he rubs my shoulder. I nod. The car wakes up and starts moving, I look at my dad and he nods once.
"I'm taking you where I'm staying." He informs me. Better than home at the moment.
"What's wrong darling? speak up, you're making me worried." He rails and I shake my head,
"I'm just so happy." I elaborate.
"It's been a long time." He mutters his eyes watering. I throw myself on him and hug him crying again.
"I miss. . . you. . . so much!" I cry hiccups interrupting me. He pats my back,
"Me too sweetie." He rails.
Along the way, I fall into my dad's arms and drift to sleep in his warm hug. I haven't felt this happy for a long time.

Dad's P/O/V
I let Daria sleep along the way not asking questions or answering any. For the moment, it looks like she took the bait. I take her in the house I've been coming to a lot when I'm away from my everyone. I let a doctor check her up hoping she's okay. I stand up as the doctor approaches me.
"How is she?" I ask him.
"She's alright, but she needs the syndrome to return to normal." He tells me.
"Did you give her??" I ask him worried.
"Yes." I hear, relief washing in. I dismiss him going to visit her. I knock and she takes a little while to let me in. I walk in finding her sitting oddly on the bed, a wide edgy smile on and puffy red eyes.
"It's late, I just wanted to check up on you. Get some rest." I mutter spinning around to leave.
"Wait, you didn't answer me. What were you doing back in the prison place?" She asks. I spin around, smiling softly and answering at ease,
"A lot happened, someone opened the doors and the ghouls are free. I was there to do something about it." I tell her and she nods slowly looking down at her feet.
"I'll let you sleep now, let's talk more tomorrow," I mutter leaving.
"Stay here twenty-four hours," I order the new guard I assigned for Daria. Now, time to see what we can do with those ghouls. . .

Daria's P/O/V
I sigh in relief pulling out the small plastic bag of my drugs and make a mental note to take it in the toilet next time, somewhere not so exposed. I lay down pushing the worry of having one more pill left, and the one I took now was actually all broken. Thanking the drug for pushing all the thoughts away as I sleep.
I wake up early and take a shower. I sit on the bed regretting the shower I took waiting for time to pass. I stand up walking to the door and opening it slightly pushing my head out. I spot a huge guy in a black suit and one earphone. He looks down at me and I shut the door with a bang. Biting my lip, pulling my hair out from under my ear letting it down on my face, I open the door slightly not showing my face.
"Can I have paper and pen?" I call my voice fruity trying to sound nice. In a moment, I see his hand push against the door with pen and paper. I snatch it thanking him, shutting the door. I kneel down placing the paper on the ground and begin writing.
Can you get me some make-up? I write. I push it through the gap under the door and knock on my own door to sear his attention. I wait a while, he pushes the paperback. I pick it up and read. I won't leave this place. He wrote. You can send someone to bring them for me. I write back and push it out. I receive an okay. And I scribe back my handwriting edgy and all over the place sending it back out. Don't tell my dad! I warn and I receive no answer. After a while, I receive a plastic bag full of cosmetics. I empty the bag on the floor kneeling down my hands pushing at the stuff trying to find what I'm looking for.
"YES!" I cheer as I curl my hands around the foundation. It's a bit darker than my skin but I apply it anyway. After I cover the red veins on my face, I walk out meeting my guard.
"Where's my father?" I ask him placing my hands in the tight jeans remembering Trista.
"He just informed me that he's waiting for you for breakfast." He tells me.
"This way." He motions ahead. I follow him, annoyed as he keeps glancing each minute my way. I find my father sitting down around a round table and I sit opposite him greeting him.
"Slept well?" He asks.
"Better than you can imagine," I tell him happy for my none nightmarish night. He giggles shaking his head playfully.
"You seem happy." He implies.
"Well, I'm not outside, rather." I say without giving my words a thought
"I see." He mutters bitterly. I dig at the eggs placing it between a toast and bite down.
"You're a fan of makeup now?" I choke as I hear my father rail filling his mouth. I glance at my guard with a sigh.
"I met a girl obsessed with makeup and I guess I just got into it." I lie cheaply and he nods quietly.
"Today I'll send you home honey. I've got major work." He says and my heart sinks. Wiping my lips with my hands I complain,
"Daddy, I don't want to go today. Just for a couple more days. I beg you." I put in sweetly.
"I can't leave you here alone." He says caring and makes me warm up to him. With a silly smile on my face, I point at my guard.
"He's going to be with me. And I can assure you I won't run away." I imply staring at my father.
"That's what you said last time we caught you running away." He stresses.
"But. . . " I start again but he cuts in.
"No buts Daria, this's for your own safety." He finishes off standing up.
"Now do as your guard says. I'll be home as soon as I finish with the bind." He rails leaving. I sigh imagining home again. Will my brothers be there? Are they morning for Reeve? My guard takes me home. I step out of the car looking at our huge miserable house.
"Shall we go in." My guard brakes my gaze.
"Gosh, alright," I complain as I march towards the front door that I've never seen before, I place my hand on my chest feeling a huge mounting weight on it. Trying to take in a deep breath, I punch open the door. Feeling the cold metal of the handle. I'm greeted by a maid named Joche I've used to see all the time. She has a big bright smile on her face as she welcomes me. I offer a cheap smile stepping in. I walk in my chest tight. I step into the hall room swallowing down as I spot my brother and sisters sitting down. . . Everyone goes quite looking up feeling my presence. My eyes settle on Tomy, he has a cute brown hat on, giving his pale cheeks a bright look. I blink away the image of him with ghoul's veins, trying to control my throbbing headache.
"Daria!" Jessica calls her eyes wide while she stands to her feet. She approaches me, her flip-flop's piercing at the silence. I realize she looks different with new green, blue hair dye.
"It's been a while sis." She rails giving me a hug. I hug her back feeling seedy of myself thinking I'm a self-centered selfish person as I find her reaction quit not enough.
"Yeah," I mutter. She lets go of me pressing on a smile as she looks down at me.
"Daria, come here! dad sent us a TV this morning!!" Jacinta raves looking down at a huge TV alike to the one I first saw at Guru's place.
"Sorry?" I choke wondering is that what she has to tell me after not seeing me for what seems yonks!?
"A TV! can you believe it!? he sent it as a present for our birthday today!" Jacinta exclaims staring at the TV. I stand there in shock as they all ogle at the TV as if its presence is better than mine.
"Let me see if I can make it work." Tomy runs on with a soft voice. What. . . on. . . earth is going on. I stare at them for a while then shake my head as they ignore me.
"I was outside you know," I call my voice stiff. The three of them look at me, then eye each other in a funny way that makes me want to pull my hair out.
"Yea. . . H we know." Jessica runs on glancing back at the tv.
"Are you not going to ask me about it?" I prod gazing at my guard not wanting him to hear this conversation.
"You sound like you want me to lie and say, yes! I'm interested, tell me about it!" Jessica rails rolling her eyes. I take a deep breath my chest tight.
"What? Don't lie, you ARE interested!" I rave approaching them.
"Besides, that's not the point. How am I? Where was I?" I proceed, pushing my hair out of the way as I go hot and some pain starts to form in my stomach.
"Dad told us all that! What's up with you feeling so emotional?" Tomy bugs in. I glance at him narrowing my eyes while he looks calm.
"And what are you doing here!?" I yell at him placing my hands on my hips.
"What do you mean? I'm passing the time." He states looking sideways as if my question is stupid.
"Don't you have anything to say about me seeing you last time? I've seen you with ghoul veins Tomy! Don't even try to deny it!" I point out pointing at his face. He shrugs. . .
"So what?" He utters. I stare at him, boring my eyes at him.
"You eat beef, lamb and such while I eat flesh." He mutters leaving me speechless for a while.
"What did you say?" I rave, my voice raucous.
"So. . . you are a ghoul." I stress hoping to hear oh I'm joking thing, it was just make-up or something like that. He nods his lower lip taking over the top one glancing at the twins. I look at the twins my chest rising and falling like a machine,
"Did you two know this?" I ask them and they keep their lips sealed. I swallow down,
"Are. . . you two ghouls as well?" I let out the question as a hiss. They both nod looking away and back at me. I nod gritting my teeth placing both my hands on my head.
"Great. Just great." I mock my eyes darting between them. Lavina shows up and gazes at me as if wondering why I'm here.
"Are you a ghoul as well?" I prod.
"We all are," Tomy answers in her place.
"What do you mean? Like. . . all of us?!" I ask him, a lightning strikes my heart flashing.
"Well, yeah." Jacinta breaks in, pushing her green hair out of her face.
"Why did no one tell me this before!? am'I a ghoul now!? huh?!" I rave.
"Just calm down for a moment. . . " Lavina begins and I cut her short.
"I will NOT calm down! I will raise my voice and break stuff!" I rave moving around trying to spot something to break. Failing, I glance at the TV and rush towards it. I try to raise it but it's too heavy, so I pull it forward and it lands on the floor. I step on it countless times. Imagining everyone's faces under my shoes with each smash. Stopping out of breath, I spin around gazing at Tomy.
"You done?" He mocks with a sly smirk sitting with a leg over the other.
"No, I didn't," I mutter grabbing at his collar. I pull back and forth as I scream in his face.
"AHHHHHHHHGGGGGGG!!" I yell wanting to step on his face.
"Just tell me why!!!!!!!!" I yell letting go of him. My chest heaving like tides.
"Why are we ghouls!!!!? why can't we be humans!??" I yell messing up my hair.
"Why can't you accept being a ghoul? it's no biggie." Lavina prods.
"AHHHHHHHHHHH!" I yell louder. Tomy places his hands over his ears.
"What is going on here?" I spin around at my father's voice. I watch him as he stands looking disappointed shaking his head sideways and blinking rapidly. I rush up to him and take his hand and he eyes me carefully.
"Daddy. . . please! I beg you!" I plead spitting as I begin crying.
"What's the matter? what do you want?" He asks putting his other hand on mine.
"Please, just. . . tell me we're humans. PLEASE!" I beg my body aching for the painkiller. His face sharpens, his jaw sets looking up at my siblings.
"Honey. . . " He rails.
"No. Don't bring up an excuse for not telling me before, just say we're not! just say it!" I plead placing a quick kiss on his hand. He sighs putting a hand on my shoulder.
"Dear. . . " I cut his sentence.
"You lied all these years. Just keep it that way okay? alright?" I proceed to cry. He shakes his head pressing his lips until they turn white. My hand falls off his and I swallow the hiccup was about to burst. I stand to my feet, look ahead and nod. I leave the place and head to my room. Shutting the door. I push my hands into my pocket, pull out the last drug and place it on my lip. Sucking it, I lay on my bed trying not to go psycho as I cry into a pillow.
I wake up with an annoying knock on the door. Whoever knocks, walks in without my permission. I fire open my eyes, stare up at the person.
"Hey." My sister Kate who I haven't seen before I run away last time greets me with a flat blank expression.
"What do you want?" I ask her ogling my sleepy eyes at her. She has her hands on her hips and she bites at her gum, chewing.
"Are you not coming down for breakfast?" She rails her voice low not seeming interested anyway.
"Why? you guys still going on with the lie of breakfast? still going on with the lie of eating what is called HUMAN FOOD." I stress sarcastically. She stays quite observing me. She lets out a breath then leaves the room, shutting the door. I squeeze my hands under my thighs trying to go to sleep. I go again through thoughts of everything. What are the ghouls doing now? I betrayed them I guess. What is my dad doing since he's a ghoul as well? he must be helping the ghouls, not killing them right?
I sit up, hating Kate for waking me up. I start feeling a bit of tugging in my body so I take a shower trying to ease it. I change from the tight jeans and put on a bit below knee leggings, with a long short sleeves shirt. I wear a new peachy converse and leave my hair open. I open the door startling my guard. He stands to his feet eying my face closely. I got no make-up on and I feel seedy to my stomach.
"Get me some make-up. Quickly." I demand. I hear him as he asks someone in his microphone to bring some and wait, resting my body weight on my right leg crossing my hands. We're both silent awkwardly in the hallway.
"Why did you tell my dad about the make-up?" I prod my voice tight. He answers me with confidence as he poses manly. Chest high, hands knotted.
"I never hide anything from him." He goes on. He keeps a straight face and I giggle mockingly.
"Yeah, whatever." I rail looking him up and down as he stiffens straight, tugging at his sleeves.
"I want to go out today. Am' I allowed?" I stress ogling my eyes at him.
"Today your father has a family meeting with you and your siblings." He runs on.
"What meeting?" I ask curiously, what is it this time.
"I haven't been informed further." He points out. I hear footsteps to my right. I look up scanning the maid rushing towards us with a plastic bag in her hand. She hands it to me suppressing a fake smile. I grab it, giving a side glance to my guard opening my room's door. I apply the foundation staring at my reflecting in the bathroom mirror, wondering why it doesn't look even like how Trista did it. My skin tone looks uneven and I look so pale. I look scary rather.
"At least it covered the veins. . . " I rail with a shrug. I twirl at the sudden heavy knock on my door. Leaving the bathroom, I go open the door meeting my guard.
"Your dad wants you to come down." He informs me. I nod rolling my eyes,
"Meeting?" I ask twitching my eyebrow. He nods. I close the door behind me and we both walk down the stairs and head to the main dining room where he informed my guard for me to come. I walk in, my guard not behind me anymore. I eye my ten siblings as they all sit around the table with my dad. I take a seat next to Lily who waves a cute hi. I somehow I feel disgusted with her being a ghoul and mostly, she lied to me as well. Besides, she's not cute anymore. . . how can a ghoul be cute?
"Hello." I utter sarcastically, gazing at my father. He nods, his lips forward pressing tightly in annoyance as he touches the bridge of his nose.
"I have big news to you all. Today, I'm going to a place where we restricted some ghouls. Of course, the media's going to be there. I want to take three of you with me." He announces. I scan everyone's reaction but they're all blank.
"Media? you mean. . . TV?" I ask not sure what he's talking about. He nods.
"Like, what's the connection between you and TV at the moment?" I ask him tightening my eyes. He sighs,
"It's my work. There're billions of people around the world who know me. And I need to show them my work." He goes on not being specific. I stop asking questions because I'm getting a lot more confused.
"So, who wants to come along?" My dad asks. No one volunteers. I don't want to go, I might see something worse about my father and I don't want to.
"Come on." He utters scanning us.
"Okay, I'll pick." He goes on.
"Tomy, Rose. . . yeah? and uh. . . Sabra." He chooses. Tomy groans.
"I want to come," I add eating my father's attention.
"Can I come?" I ask changing my mind. It may be a good idea. . . for leaving the house and get some drugs.




SLAKE

Chapter 27

Daria's P/O/V
My dad agrees he takes the three of us, leaving Rose behind. We all try to shrink away from each other in the wide 4x4 car. My dad drives in another vehicle. At first, we drive through an empty road full of beautiful orange and brown trees giving shade as the sun casts the sunshine. After a while, the streets start to fill with people, and most of those people are police. The car pulls to a stop and I observe the place. There's a huge crowd of people restricted by a mid-length rail. I look away from my window to the one opposite of me next to Sabra. There's a huge fence surrounded by loads of police. Hands sticking out the paling. My door clicks open and I swallow staring at my guard as he stands straight garbing hold of the car door. I take a deep breath and step out. I gaze at the crowd my eyes burning with the flashing lights that hit me. My brother Tomy hops off the car and stands beside me on the left with a smile plastered on his face. Sabra puts a hand on my shoulder on my left and I shrug it off. The crowd cheers as a car pull up meters away from us. My father steps out with a wide grin on his face. He waves at the crowd and more flashlights hit the place.
"Is this the media?" I ask my guard.
"Someone might hear you. Shut up." Tomy shushes me. My father rambles towards us with class as always. He greets us and asks us to follow him. I march behind the three of them. We stop in front of the people restricted behind the fence. Loads of men with cameras on their shoulders dash towards us. My dad poses,
"Today I present to you the ghouls we apprehended." He rails pointing at the people behind. I scan the area, trying to spot a way to sneak away. There's a little gap between the cameramen, maybe I can go through there. My dad can't stop me in front of all these people right. . .
"Daria!!!" I hear a raucous voice call my name loud and clear. I spin around, my eyes darting from the people restricted, trying to spot who called me. I see hands push through the crowd of ghouls. I glance at my father who stopped his speech. He coughs and continues with a nervous suppressed smile.
"Daria." Comes a soft cry then. I gaze at the crowd again, my eyes landing on Trista. Her hair is a mess and her glossy eye make-up smudged down her cheeks. She wails. What is she doing here? Is she a ghoul? wasn't she eating watermelon that day?
"Help me. . . " She sobs. Someone squeezes next to her and I look away biting inside my mouth. I stare at the cameras trying not to act suspicious plastering a smile.
"We trusted you." I hear Guru's voice stress at the words. I raise my hands and wave at the cameras while I listen to Guru behind me. Thankfully, my father has plenty colorful microphones in his face. And his voice is eating the ghouls moans behind me.
"How can you do this to us!" Someone else yells. I sigh, taking a step away. My brother Tomy pulls at my t-shirt but I shrug him off pulling myself away, continuing my way.
"Excuse me." I push at the cameramen. I slip away from the crowd. I look to the left and right trying to spot someone to help me. I run towards the crowd that was awaiting my dad and now are just standing there waiting for us to leave and cheer again. My eyes settle on an ordinary chubby looking man.
"Excuse me? do you have a. . . cell phone?" I ask as sweet as I can. He looks me up and down, one of his eyebrows arching.
"Uh. . . yeah." He utters with doubt in his voice.
"May I use it for a minute? I need to make an urgent phone call." I beg. He nods looking me up and down again, pushing his hand into his pocket, pulling out a cracked phone handing it to me. I thank him, spinning around. I type in the number I memorized if I was in danger or need of help.
"Hello." I utter at the phone beside my ear.
"Who's this?" The voice comes edgy from the phone.
"It's Daria," I inform him.
"Daria! at last, there's a word from you!" Tide raves.
"We need to meet." I cut in.
"Oh yeah, of course. When?" He rails.
"Now," I stress, feeling the man's eyes on me.
"Now? uh. . . fine, at my favorite gaming center?" He offers and I agree. I finish up the call and hand it to the man.
"Wait up." The man calls as I begin walking away. I spin around facing him.
"Yes?" I ask.
"Are you not gonna pay for the call?" He raves approaching me. Greedy.
"I said thanks." I offer and he giggles.
"Thanks? take it back. Give me money." He proceeds a knot forming between his eyebrows. Some of the people around staring at us.
"I haven't got any sorry, now bye." I profane turning away. I bump into my guard, I curse and thank the situation jointly.
"Uh. . . this man is uh. . . let's go." I mumble. The man lets it go thankfully. I stop in my tracks as I realize my guard is taking me towards my dad and siblings.
"Wait. I need to go somewhere. Can you take me?" I ask my guard.
"Where?" He asks.
"Ponriko Mall." I allege. His left eyebrow raises up.
"Why?" He asks.
"Ugh! just come on!" I rave feeling loads of pain bubbling up.
"Please! I'll do anything you want! and you'll be there with me so. . . " I proceed. He looks away.
"What about your father?" He asks.
"We'll figure that out later. Now hurry! please. . . " I beg. Thankfully, he agrees. He and I walk the way towards the game center I recall Tide used to obsess over. I spot Tide at the front of the center. I shake my head as he puts on a smile and steps ahead to approach me. I walk in, ignoring Tide.
"Did you want to come here so badly to play?" My guard asks. I slung on a motorbike and hit at the screen choosing my game's details.
"Yes. Uh. . . do you have some money?" I ask. Because the game works with money. I glance over, watching as Tide takes the motorbike to my right acting as if he doesn't know me. My guard hesitates.
"I have a card my father gave me. But I don't know how to use it. Can you get me some cash from it?" I hand him my card from my side bag. My dad gave each of us a card and said it has much money for our needs if something happens to him. My guard nods, and I tell him the password.
"Oh and make sure to get some coins." I proceed. As soon as he's out of view, I look up at Tide.
"Is he your guard?" Tide asks and I nod.
"Look, I need a huge favor before we talk about anything." I rush. He gazes at me silently.
"I. . . need drugs." I allege. Tide's mouth opens up to say something and he looks away shaking his head.
"You still taking those? I gave it to you to relent your pain with ghouls Daria. Don't tell me you're getting addicted." He runs on.
"Look, I haven't got much time! just go and get me some now, I'll stay here. Try to make something up when you come back and give it to me without my guard suspecting. Okay?" I run on. He stays quiet.
"Please," I add my voice soft. Tide's eyes drift away and look away quickly. I look up, spotting my guard approaching me. He hands me some money and I place the coins in. Glancing at Tide with pleading eyes.
I play for hours. Tide is taking too long. It has been yonks and he's not back yet.
"I just received a message. Your father is looking for you." My guard interrupts my thoughts. I glance up at him. He didn't stop bringing up excuses to leave this place. Like, you still want to play? are you not tired? hungry?. . . I think he might know what's going on. I let out a sigh, getting off the motorbike.
"Let's go," I mutter looking around for Tide but no hope. We leave. Along the way I sit in the back seats, I lay down gritting my teeth at the agonizing pain. My body is numb and I feel bolts of electricity everywhere. I feel tears roll down my eyes and I sniff. The car stops and I sit up. We're in front of my house and my father is standing outside the garden. I wipe my face walking out of the car.
"Daria." My father stresses as I brush away into the house. I rush towards the spacious foyer, my converse skiing on the gray marble tiled floor.
"Wait a minute." My father calls as I take one of the double staircases grabbing at the wrought iron railing.
"Your doctor is here to see you." My dad proceeds. I ignore him walking up to my room, closing the door behind me. I lay on the ground, beating the floor with my fists as I cry in pain. I never knew if I cut the drug it would hurt this much. I took one pill a day since I meet Tide. That's not much, is it?
"Ahhhhhhh. . ." I cry to myself. Placing the end of my shirt in my mouth to stop gritting my teeth so bad. The door clicks open and I don't mind whoever comes in.
"Are you alright?!" My doctor asks pulling me to the side. I punch him in the face and he falls back in aw. He has been my doctor since I remember. He comes every week to give me a syringe shot for my blood disorder. My dad said I used to suffer from fatigue and loose appetite, and more but ahhh whatever for now.
"Do I look alright, you stuuuupid man!" I rave. He doesn't answer me and looks in his bag in a rush. I sit up,
"Do. . . you have any?" I ask him. He looks up at me pressing at his lips.
"You must have," I whisper. I look down at his black leather bag, I push my hands in and he pulls them out. I fight off his hands,
"Don't touch me!" I yell at him and he keeps quite garbing hold of his bag. I seize his bag with my hands and begin to pull roughly. He pulls his way too.
"GI. . . VE. . . IT! TO. . . ME!" I rail pulling using my feet to push him off. At the end, I knock him down as he loses his grip. I hug the bag jumping to my feet and rushing out of my room. Stomping on the floor, I rush down the stairs and slip down, the bag falling out of my hands and stuff dingle down the stairs. I watch as a couple of syringes fall down. . . loads of them, nothing else. All he has is shots? why? One of them must be a drug. I pick four and pull them to me as my siblings rush in the hallway. My dad shows up as well. My eyes dart between them. I spin around as I hear footsteps behind me on the stairs. I slide to the edge to keep an eye on my doctor.
"Tell me which one is it!" I rave not standing the pain any longer.

Dad's P/O/V
I observe at the scene. Daria shaking as she holds four syringes in her hands while the doctor tries to approach her. It isn't that bad, but I can make it look worse.
"Tell me!" She yells at the doctor.
"Daria. . . " I rail as she begins to yell.
"I don't want to hear your fruity voice!" She shoots at me.
"Now, tell me, which one is the drug!???" She raves at the doctor.
"None of them is a drug, calm down and tell me what's wrong." The doctor says calmly.
"If you don't tell me which one is, I'll try them all." She proceeds. I glance at the doctor and he stares back. That won't be okay, we tried a couple of shots at once before, it wasn't successful.
"It may be something that can harm you. Just calm down." I discuss taking a few steps up the stairs pushing the things spilled.
"Just tell me. . . which one is it. . . " She utters sobbing.
"When did you start taking drugs?" I ask Daria approaching her.
"Don't pretend like you care and tell me which one is the drug!" She yells and I stop in my tracks.

Daria's P/O/V
I watch as my father and the doctor makes eye contact. I sniff my sobs staring down at the syringes. Placing the four of them firmly in my hand,
"Whatever," I whisper. Placing my other hand on top of the pushy thing, WHATEVER! I dig them in my thigh.
"No. . ." The doctor moans. I glance up, my eyes darting between my father and the doctor.
"Is. . . this slow working drug?" I utter asking the doctor. It's taking longer to relieve the pain. I cling to the taking long part hoping one of them was actually a drug. They take me to my room, all pinning me on the bed while the doctor engraves a syringe in my arm.
"You filthy animals!" I scream as they keep hold of me. My dad's face too close holding my head down.
"What about the things she injected herself with? are those the doses?" I hear my father utter as I start to feel dizzy. I feel the hands letting me go free, and I stay still enjoying the moment as the pain begins to disappear.
"Yes. . . they were her antidotes." The doctor mutters his voice wobbly.
"The four of them!?" My dad raves. I hear no response from the doctor. Instead of falling asleep, I twist on my bed cover slightly feeling a tugging at my belly. I drag my heavy arms around my belly and twitch at the slight pain. I curl around, hitting my forehead roughly at the wall beside my bed.
"My stomach hurts. . . " I utter my mouth dry.
"Eh. . . " My father's voice ragged. I open my eye, blink a couple of times. . .
"Why is it so dark?" I ask loosing a heartbeat as I remember it wasn't dark earlier as they dragged me in.
"Open the lights. . . " I profane my voice wobbly as I start to panic. I squeeze my eyes and rub them.
"The lights are on. . . " I hear Lavina's voice.
"Let me see." My doctor grabs at my face with his cold hands.
"I can't see. . . I can't see!" I rave, my heart beating faster.




SKINT

Chapter 28 

Daria's P/O/V
"Calm down and let me see!" My doctor raves and I shut my lips. He pulls at my eyelids and I sit there shaking.
"It's the doses. We need to take her to the hospital." The doctor informs letting go of me.
"Is there no other choice!?" My dad bellows.
"No, we need to wash some of it out. And I can't do that here. She'll be able to. . . " He proceeds.
"Can you wash it all out here then?" My dad puts in.
"Yes, but you don't wa. . . " My dad cuts in.
"Just do it. She knows everything anyway." My dad utters and I get confused.
"Okay, I'll go and get some supplies. I'll be back in a while." My doctor informs me tapping my shoulder. After a minute, he leaves.
"Daddy?" I utter wondering if he's still in the room but I hear nothing and assume he just left me by myself. After a while, my doctor arrives. He tells me to sit on the floor and kneel my body forward.
"There's a tub in front of you. I'm going to give you doses of blood and it'll be too much for your body. And you'll throw it out." He elaborates. I get the chills at the thought. Won't that make my veins burst? He takes my arm and pushes a needle in. I stay in the position for a while until I start feeling numb.
"I'll be able to see again right?" I ask my doctor while he works.
"Yeah, that's the least of your worries." My doctor puts in. Before I could ask what he means. My mouth fills up and I lean down not seeing if my target is right and unleash the substance. Breathing heavily, I rub out the blood from my chin before it starts to burn. Suddenly, I throw out again. And again until my throat begins to burn.
"Good, let it out." My doctor profanes each time rubbing my back. I blink a couple of times as my eyes start to grasp some light.
"I. . . can see. . . " I mumble squeezing my eyes for better sight. My doctor grabs my face and widens my eyes. I shake him off.
"I said I can see." I offer again smiling. He nods in hesitation. I look down at the pile of blood I threw up and feel disgusted.
"This smells so bad. . . like. . . " I can't tell what it smells like but it smells so bad.
"Okay, now I'll give you a small dose." My doctor proceeds to grab my arm. I pull it away.
"Oh no, thanks. Don't want more of that." I tell him. He presses his lips together adjusting his position.
"It won't do you any harm." He proceeds with a fake suppressed smile.
"I don't have a blood disease do I?" I say my voice firm. He swallows down.
"What do you mean? of course, you do, with the help of thi. . . " I cut him off.
"For the weeks I've been away from here and didn't get any of this antidote thing, the only thing changed is that I could smell ghouls." I let out. He stays quiet for a bit then places the medicine back in his bag.
"You do have a blood disease, it doesn't just stop you from smelling ghouls. But also saves you all that blood loose and pain." He elaborates standing up.
"Daddy gave me this antidote this whole time so I don't know anyone from this family was a ghoul!" I rave at him.
"Your dad gave it to you to prevent all that pain you get. Now since you don't want it, hope you cope with us all." He ends his sentence with a slightly amused smile. He opens the door and leaves.
"Hope you cope with us all. . . blah blah." I make fun of his voice. I note that the odor was his, so he was a ghoul all along as well.
2 weeks later.
I stayed in my room most of the time for the past few days. The smell is so strong and I get a nosebleed every time I open the door. And I refuse to take the antidote. I still get loads of pain for drugs but it's less these days.
Every time I try to speak to my father about the ghouls he restricted, he doesn't say what I wanna hear. So I decided I'll go visit them myself since they got no more time left. I found in my father's office some dates with notes on them. After two days, the transfer of ghouls will take place. So I assume they're still in that prison. And I can walk there since it's near to us. I remember from the time I went with father and media. . . I wait until midnight when everyone is hopefully sleeping. I got my converse on and the same long white shirt on with a pair of leggings. They're comfy and flexible. I open my window and try to squeeze my body out of it since it's so tiny. Garbing at the rough itchy wall paint outside the window, I pu myself out laying my body on the roof plates making so much noise. Tlak. Tlak.
My hair flies on my face in the breeze and I regret not grabbing a jacket. I jump down the other side and sneak my way out like last time through the garden. I walk in the cold night glad I smell no ghouls. After walking for a while, I make it to prison with the help of a map I found in my father's office. It's like father placed the information and map for me there. I spot guards, loads of them. I swallow and walk up to them. They look me up and down.
"Hello," I mumble offering a smile. I give them my father's name and tell them I'm his daughter.
"Why would his daughter be here at this time of night? we know you're lying." They tell me pushing me away tugging at my shoulder.
"Let go!" I yell shaking them off.
"Okay, want another reason to let me in?" I offer. I rub out my make-up,
"I'm a ghoul! how about that?" I rave and they point their guns at me.
Thankfully they place me in a small room alone. Now I have to find a way to leave this room. I can totally smell the ghouls. The mold oils scent. I need to get angry and turn to whatever I am. I think of Reeve's death. I obviously don't believe she's dead since no one brought her up. Trying to hide some other lie.
"AGH!" I let out trying to make myself angry. It's so not working. All I need to do is run to the corridor that contains the ghoul's cells. Men walk into the room shutting the door behind them. They got vests on and the machine to detect if I'm a ghoul or not in their hands. The approach me and I start to beat them up to play along.
"I want to eat you! I'm hungry!" I yell wondering how stupid I look. They place the cold metal device on my neck and I kind of play struggle. It doesn't peep anything at all and they glance at each other.
"AHHHHH!" I yell and struggle more, kicking and punching.
"Let's put her with the rest and wait until tomorrow the commander sees her." They discuss. Thankfully they approve. Pulling me through the ghoul's smell hallway, I shout.
"I'm here!" I yell making the guards question me. I hope the ghouls hear me and know who I am. I look at the glass doors cells and try to see if anyone can see me.

Erin's P/O/V
I hear someone yelling outside and I flick open my eyes, looking up at the movement from the glass door I spot guards pulling at someone. My mouth falls open as I realise it's Daria. She waves at me smiling. I halt to my feet and run to the glass. She disappears the guards pulling her away.
"HEY EVERYONE! Daria's here!!" I yell my voice about to crack with happiness.
"Who!?" Guru bellows, his eyes wide.
"I just saw her. He led her out quicker than we planned" I profane glad I'm the one to spot her first. Everyone begins to whisper and I know what we should do.
"We have to break out from here and get her out of this place!" I cheer as everyone shouts yeah.
"Why?" Guru cuts in, his voice raucous.
"Ummm what do you mean?" I ask looking around confused.
"She left us behind and betrayed us, why would we help her now?" Guru speaks in a tight voice.
"No one knows why she did it. So let's ask her herself." Oldu puts in standing up.
"Besides, we've been sitting here just waiting for her. That's what Selja ordered." Someone from the crowd says and I agree.
"I don't care, I'm leaving this place. Whoever wants to come you're free." I announce. Obviously, I wait for some of them to get up and help me out.
"It's too hard to break." Oldu utters taking his place beside me. I smile,
"I know, sooo hard," I inform him remembering when I tried to break it with Daria.
"Just wait until she comes." Guru utters laying down shutting his eyes.
"How do you know she'll come? We need to get her out." I elaborate.
"She must have a plan before she came in here," Guru says back. I eye Oldu and he shrugs.

Daria's P/O/V
I must have made a plan before I came! idiot! I didn't think of how to get out. They placed me in a cell just now. I was hoping they'll see me and break out but forgot the glass doors! I look around the stunned looking ghouls spotting no one I know.
"Great," I mumble. Everyone around looks weak and smells horrible, hope I won't stay here for long.
"Do they still take one out of each cell every day?" I ask the group of ghouls which I'm surprised they're not attacking.
"No." One answers shortly.
"We need to get out," I inform them. They eye each other,
"Selja told us to wait." They tell me.
"Wait for what?" I ask them.
"You, you're Daria right." A young girl confirms and I nod.
"Well I'm here, we need to get out and free everybody," I tell them.
"We do not take orders from anyone besides Selja." An old man interferes.
"She's not here to take orders from is she?" I mock at him and he stays silent. I eye the guards outside for a moment.
"I have an idea." The young girl puts in. I look at her waiting for her to speak. She stands up, dragging her dirty half stitched dress and smiles awkwardly at me. She stops an inch away from me and I back away from her strong odor. Without realizing, I trip on my back with her on top of me. She screams and places her head on my neck and shoulder making noises.
"HELP!!" I yell pushing her face up seeing her ghoul veins spread around her mouth.
"She's gonna bite me!!!!" I yell and kick at the glass doors for the guard's attention. I hear the door slide open as I beat the girl while she opens her mouth in front of my face. The guards pull her off me and I take a second to breath looking her up and down feeling blood down my nose.
"Run! it's open!!" She yells. I look at her eyes and she motions with her head at the glass doors behind me.
"Oh shit!" One of the guard curses as I jump to my feet and ski out the doors. Slamming my hand quickly on the button and the doors slide close swiftly. The two guards punch at the glass and I wave at the girl.
"I'll come back okay!" I shout for her to hear me. It took me a few seconds to realize she attacked me to fake it and help me out. I look to my left and see guards running my way kind of meters away and so are from the right. I spot two cells beside me with no guards so I race my way to the one on the right eying the button to open it and ignoring the so close guards. Looking up at the glass doors on my way I spot Erin and Oldu which makes me run faster. I smile as my hand brush against the button.
"AHHHHHHHH!!" A hand grabs hold of me and I push at air missing the button. With the strong grip, I miss a step and ski under him kissing the floor with my forehead. Pain shoots in my head and my sight goes blurry. I push myself up, the guard pulling me towards him and I fight him off.
"Let go!" I yell punching his hard metal helmet and pulling at him to get nearer to the door's button. I look to my side and note I'm close enough to touch it. I trip down my head bouncing on the floor. The guard shouts something at someone ahead while he places his hand around my neck. Garbing at him to free myself, my eyes dart to the glass and watch the horrified expressions of Erin, Oldu and Guru and the others. I take away one of my hands off the guard's and stretch it out towards the button. Trying to breathe, my muscles ache as I touch the button. Smiling, I press it slightly stretching further and the door slides open. They rave out, their feet stomping on the floor as they rush towards me. The guard lets's go of me and I take in a deep breath.
"You okay!?" Erin skies beside me while the others scare off the guards. Before anything, I throw up a pile of blood dirtying my shirt.
"AW!!" Erin yells backing away rubbing his arm. I splashed a bit of blood on him. Trying to apologize for burning him, I choke on more blood.
"What do we do!?" I hear loud voices. Looking up, I see a pack of people surrounding me and Erin.
"We're surrounded," Erin whispers rising. My eyes dart in panic as they burn and dizziness takes over shaking my sight.
"Everybody fight your way through!" I hear Guru's raucous voice. I stand on my wobbly legs rubbing my face off the blood. my feet stomp driving me along the crowd as they walk forward. I spin feeling a set of hands on my shoulders.
"I'm here." Erin puts in pulling me along.
"You okay? I thought you got used to us!" Erin screams so I can hear him over the loud voices.
"Close, everybody. . . 's too close," I complain shaking my head at the blurry vision. I step on a hard slimy thing. Looking down, I see it's an unconscious guard with a funny smile and wide eyes. The crowd stopd.
"We're in front of the exit!" Selja's voice comes in cheer. Looking up at Erin, he smiles and I force one too. A sudden breeze hits and I realize the doors got open. Everybody runs outside and I half walk as Erin heaves me down the stairs and follow the lot.
Getting over the ghoul sickness, we run quite far away from the prison place. We stop in an empty road everyone speaking on top of the other.
"Why did we stop?" I ask Erin. Selja walks out in front of me and he doesn't need to answer after all.
"Hi." I greet shortly watching her approach me, her eyebrows meeting in the middle of her forehead and her nostrils flaring like wings. My face swings right as she slaps me hard on the cheek. Everyone goes quite as I rub it slowly. I glance up at the crowd meeting Guru's eyes as he stands up tall crossing his hands and lifts his eyebrows, his brother Oldu besides him standing casually. My eyes dart back to Selja.
"You left us!" She raves and I back away at the odor.
"That was then. I'm here now." I state titling my head keeping my expression at ease.
"Now!? you know how many people we lost?! because of you!" She yells stepping forward. I brush the edge of my nose looking to the left and back at her. They're around a hundred or so. . . they weren't that much, to begin with.
"Oh please don't blame things on me now. Did I tell you to order everyone to stay in prison while you could have been out so easily?!" I fire at her my hands into fists. She narrows her eyes at me and I swallow down.
"You did since you just left with telling us nothing! you brought us out and you're responsible for us!" She shoots back. I stand still my mouth open, my eyes darting between hers.
"What? When did all this happen? when did I become a mother of all these ghouls!?" I ask her confused. She presses her lips striking her finger at my chest.
"YOU promised us! we made a promise you'll get us out! and we're still keeping it!" She shouts.
"And!? I said you may eat crops or people who want to suicide! what? want me to bring those for you as well?" I profane placing one of my hands on my hip.
"AND!? want us to live on the street!? we got no such thing as money! you should have thought of that before you came to us!" Selja fires. I glance over at Guru for help but he looks away. I gaze at Selja and she sighs looking away. I look her up and down. She must not have taken a shower for a long time, and obviously hungry. . . like everyone else here. Looking around, I spot children and women, old people too. While I was home getting treated, they were waiting. I'm such a selfish person.
"I'm sorry," I mutter. Selja glances up at me, she opens her mouth to say something but I cut her instantly,
"I didn't come here to say that only! I brought a lot of money and I got a plan." I let out quickly. They keep silent. I pull out my bank card and show it to them.
"My father gave me a lot of money. We can use that." I tell them and everybody eyes each other.
"We're not gonna use that man's money!" Selja shouts.
"Why not? it's mine anyway, besides we got no other choice." I inform them.
"First, let's get everyone here fed, then we're going to customize ourselves and get on with my plan." I elaborate hiding the bank card back into my small shirt pocket.
"Fed?" Erin comes up from behind. Everyone stays silent.
"I know a place with pretty bad food but comes with no cost." I go on playing with my nails.
"We don't eat human meals!" Someone from the crowd shouts out. I roll my eyes,
"I can tell you don't eat human's meals, you eat humans AS meals. The meals don't come with plates and no utensils." I proceed. Closing my eyes and not believing where I'm about to take them, I let out a breath. My eyes fly open and I let it out,
"The graveyard."




CHARIENTISM

Chapter 29

Daria's P/O/V
The ghouls stand in a pile looking down at the graves with headstones. I look around and wonder if my mother is buried here. I was never told what's her name or where she was buried or anything.
"Just eat the new buried ones, right?" I utter in the darkness barely making out their faces. They stay still.
"Well? do your thing. . . " I proceed, gesturing at the graves. In a few seconds, they start moving ahead. I hold my ground as they pass by me. Erin passes by me avoiding my gaze. I sigh walking out of the graveyard to wait outside the gates. I sit on the ground placing a foot on the other and hug my arms at the chilly weather. After a while, I get bored and wonder how much they're eating to take so long. I play with my hair challenging myself to put it in a higher ponytail each time. My hands stretching upwards as I pull hair strings and cut some with the twitching. . .
"Daria." I look up at the sound of my name. Looking at the door gates and around I see no one. Swallowing, I put my hands down and bite my nails observing the area not daring to blink.
"Daria." It comes again in a stable voice and I halt slowly to my feet my eyes wide.
"Selja? Guru?" I call out. I spot someone walking out of the door gate, totally, not Guru . . . not a boy. The person spins around in my direction. I feel the breath knocked out of me. I start running towards her and shout.
"Reeve!!!" I throw myself on her and hug her stiff body and bleed out from my nose at her odor.
"I thought you died!" I cry my eyes stinging with tears. I let go of her and look closely at her wiping my nose, she has the ghoul's veins spread.
"It's okay, I know we're all ghouls," I inform her rubbing my eyes out and giggle as I glance up at her blank face.
"Daria?" I hear someone call out from the right inside the graveyard. Looking up, I see Oldu's face.
"You were right! She's. . ." I stop as I glance back at where Reeve was. She disappeared. She's not in front of me. Looking around helpless, Oldu rushes towards me.
"I was right about what?" Oldu asks. I look him up and down my breathing heavy.
"You saw her just now didn't you?" I ask him. He looks me up and down then glances around nodding slowly. Erin walks up to us with a huge grin on his face.
"I don't know where she's gone!" I wander around with a sigh. I want to talk to her.

Oldu's P/O/V
"Was someone here? those lookouts followed us?" Erin asks me his hands on his hips, concern on his face.
"There was no one here, she was talking to herself." I elaborate to Erin who looks just as confused as me.

Daria's P/O/V
Both Erin and Oldu stare at me, when I was about to ask if they finished, Erin falls to the ground and throws up. A pile of purple and dark red floods from his mouth. I look up at Oldu grabbing hold of my stomach. He looks away then he too falls and chokes as he vomits. . . I step away. . . loud noises of vomit and chokes fill the air coming from the cemetery.
"Close your e. . . eye. . . s yo. . ears. . . " Oldu chokes. I squat closing my ears and shutting my eyes. I try to hum. . .
No one tells me what happened back then, they said I should just let it go. The ghouls are full and now I'm taking them to the mall Tide and I used to visit from time to time. Of course, it's closed and empty which makes it better for us. We break in triggering the alarm but ignore it anyway.
"I think it's fine, we just have to hurry," I inform everyone.
"Get some outfit like top and trousers and run out," I tell everyone. They jump in from the cracked glass and hurry in. Garbing one of the crowds I ask for a jacket,
"Just a jumper or jacket, something that can. . . " The women I grabbed look confused and wanting to hurry inside.
"You know what, I'm coming in as well," I state letting go of her and running in. I'll be quick. In the darkness, I try to see what's in front of me. Shirt? trouser? underwear? I see nothing in this shop. I try to feel the items with my hands when I lose a heartbeat at the noise of sirens.
"Oh no!" I below at the same time I find a pair of jackets. Everyone goes quite as I hurry running out,
"Run out!" I yell and bump with a rail of clothes. Hustling out, my ears blowout with the noise of police cars. We rush out and hide behind the huge bushes of decoration for the mall.
"Hurry!" Most of us yell when we see an old man running out and tripping on the stairs. He runs towards me and I make space for him to hide. The car parks in front of the mall and the men hurry up the stairs. I giggle garbing hold of the jacket I snatched.
"Oh no." The old man moans beside me and I look up where he is. My giggles vanish as I watch a girl struggling out of the cracked glass. She stops there observing the policemen and looking around in panic. I look around hoping someone steps out to help her but no one does. The policeman approaches her and she stays still about to cry, I leave it to the last minute. Jumping out of my hiding place, I rush towards her and the police. I swiftly push my way through and throw myself on the girl and grab her by the arm. Plastering a smile on,
"It's my fault!" I state and suppress a giggle while the girl looks me up and down shaking.
"I and my bestie challenged each other to see who's brave enough." I elaborate, the police stay calm eying each other and the cracked glass.
"We're very very sorry! I can even give you the money worth of this jacket and these." I tell them grabbing hold of the outfit the girl picked.
"Who's stupid enough to do this?" One of the policemen sighs rubbing his cheek.
"What about the cracked glass? can you pay for that?" The policeman goes on, I look for answers but I'm dry.
"We'll have to speak to your parents. Now if you come with us. . . " They go on. My father would put me in a cell if he finds me this time. I feel the girl's arms tighten around mine.
"But look!" She complains surprising me as she walks backward pulling me with her towards the cracked glass.
"It's not that big deal!" She moans. Spinning around and me with her she points at the hole we made.
"Let's run and hide inside." She whispers in my ear. I look ahead into the dark mall and agree nodding my head slowly.
"It's almost 3 am, let's go." One of the men say and that's when we halt to a run.
"HEY! DON'T!" They call out as we flee. My converse ski on the floor. The bits of flashlights from the police cars guide us.
"Let's separate for a better hideout!" The girl suggests. I keep hold of her arm hesitating.
"It's too dark!" I shout back as we stop.
"Being with a ghoul is a lot scarier, don't you think." She states letting go of me. I nod and she takes off running away.
"Stop right there!" I look up at the police voices. Groaning, I head to the escalators trying to miss some steps jumping and hurry up.
"Hey hurry up!" I hear from above, my eyes meet Oldu's. What on earth is he doing here! I run faster towards him and he grabs hold of my arm on the last step.
"Let's hide!" He utters pulling at me. We head to a place which seems to be kids playing area. There's a thing in a shape of a rocket so we hide in it.
"I thought you left the mall," I whisper in the darkness. I receive no reply.
"Oldu?" I mutter stretching my hands trying to feel him. He's not there. I open the door of the rocket to see if he stayed outside even though I'm sure he came in with me and shut the door himself. Observing in the darkness, I shut the door quickly as I hear police voices. Clinging my head I look once again for him in the rocket but don't find him. I stay there for a while thinking if I actually imagined him being here. Standing up, cracking the door open I see no one and the blue-red lights of the police car isn't flashing anymore. Stepping out to brighter darkness, I try to find my way to the escalator and back to the cracked glass. I find the hole taped with tape so I tear it down. Traipsing over, I find the ghouls spread out on the stairs sitting. I spot Oldu with the crowd. I rush to him as he greets me.
"You made it." Erin comes up and I ignore him.
"Why did you leave me alone in the rocket?" I ask Oldu. He looks up at Erin pressing his lips together. Shaking his head, he denies it.
"What are you talking about?" He asks.
"You were there with me, we both ran towards the rocket and you went in with me." I elaborate but his expression is blank.
"I. . . it might have been Guru." He points out looking around for him.
"But I'm sure it was you, your eyes. . . " I proceed not knowing how I can actually tell them apart.
"You could actually tell in that blinding darkness?" Erin jokes and giggles by himself.
"Whatever." I drop it, putting on the jacket I stole.
"Never thought you were a bad girl, you made us all steal stuff." Erin puts in. I look down at the big sized jacket I got on.
"Don't worry, you won't make me feel bad. Besides, I got plenty at home it's just far from me, so it's not like I took it because. . . ugh, whatever Erin." I echo not finding a good excuse.
"That actually sounds worse than someone stealing for need." He prods and I punch him in the arm.
"There's a place called the multi shower. You guys know it?" I shout out, everyone keeps silent. The only problem is that they're too many.
"It's a place you take a shower with a lot of people, never been to it but it's the only choice for you guys." I elaborate.
"Why are we going there? does a shower seem the most to be worried about? wasting time in snatching useless clothes and now showering?" Selja puts in, her voice rough as always.
"It is not useless, soon it's going be daylight and there will be a lot of people around. And with this state everyone's in, they'll easily tell you're ghouls. And we don't want to be spotted. My father's gonna look for us all." I elaborate hoping I convince her. She keeps silent. I take them to the showering place Tide used to come to leaving me outside to wait. I wonder what I'll do to him if I see him now. I sit down on the ground as everyone starts to take turns to enter. Probably ten by ten go in at once.

Guru's P/O/V
As soon as I finish taking the shower too, I head out with the new small tight jeans I picked and a perfect size jumper. I find Daria sitting on the ground her eyes closed.
"What's your plan after this?" I ask standing beside her. She flicks her eyes open gazing at my outfit. Looking away and tugging her hands between her legs she speaks,
"I truly don't know, I got no place that can take a hundred or so people." She points out. I keep quite out of ideas. Daria sits up looking ahead at a girl from the ghouls with short blonde hair. Her head spins up her mouth open ready to speak,
"Where's Trista!?" She asks her eyes wide, now looking around. Took her long to realize she's missing. . .
"They took her," I tell her. She stands up to her feet,
"Who? back in the prison?" She raves biting her nails. I nod once.
"Why did we leave her behind then?" She asks ogling her eyes at me.
"Hey, guys!" Erin saves the day. He walks towards us placing his hands on my shoulders and I drop them off.
"You sure are in heaven!" He shouts excited at Daria.
"Enjoyed it?" Daria drops Trista's subject. Erin nods at her and she glances back at me,
"So? you know where they took her?" She proceeds.

Daria's P/O/V
Selja interrupts my conversation with Guru as well. She comes all cleaned, her face bright empty of dirt and has a clean outfit on.
"Now what? Humans are starting to pop out." She points out and I giggle at the term she used. It's true, people are starting to go around.
"Well, actually, this's the end of my plan," I say biting my lower lip. Selja looks up at me her eyes wide.
"BUT! I got a new plan you see." I go on before she offers me a slap. I quickly pull out a phone I found on my father's desk the other day I was looking through his stuff. Like I said, it does seem he placed this stuff for me there. It's a touch phone which we were never allowed to have. As Tide taught me, I press the call button and insert his number. I hand it to Oldu since he's the one next to me. He looks at me his eyebrows touching,
"It's Tide, I don't want to speak to him. Tell him about our situation and he'll help." I run on pressing the call button. Oldu hesitates then places the phone beside his right ear.
"Hey?" He runs on.
"No answer." He tells me stretching his hand towards me, I push it back.
"Wait for it, it's still raining." I profane. I hear a faint greet from the phone. Oldu hurries placing it back near his ear.
"Uh, Tide?" Oldu utters. We wait. . .
"I'm Oldu. Daria told. . . " He echoes.
"NO! don't mention ME!!!!" I jump up and down my hands into fists.
"Look, we need help. . . yeah. . . we need a place where to hide. . . no, your apartment won't fit the ghouls Tide." He proceeds.
"A what? will that do?. . . okay. . ." He ends the call handing me the phone.
"So? what did he say? is he gonna help us?" I ask Oldu. He nods.
"He said he'll send a map and a place to go to in a message." Oldu runs on.
"Good huh?" I glance at Selja who doesn't seem the least bit happy. After a while, we receive a text which takes us half an hour to open the picture file. We start to walk to where he instructed us to. On the way, I walk alone in the front with the mobile in my hand, while the sun begins to rise.

Erin's P/O/V
"I can't believe this!" Selja hisses as we walk around her following Daria.
"What's wrong?" Oldu asks her.
"That's is what's wrong!" Selja points ahead at Daria. She's walking alone, jacket bigger than her frame and her hand pulled in front of her, probably biting her nails.
"I can't believe I'm ruled by an eighteen-year-old yuppie who doesn't even seem to know how to walk." She states. I can see that her feet are a bit not straight but don't seem like a problem.
"She's sixteen." Guru states and we stay silent as Selja's mouth falls open.

Daria's P/O/V
I stop observing the highway we walked up to. Looking at the phone, the map says to walk up the hill in front of us and the destination is there. Not a high hill though. Placing the phone back in my small shirt pocket I call out to everyone.
"We need to cross over there and climb up the hill," I tell them. There're few cars and it's the first time I see such a nice scene with cars rushing away with bright lights. It takes us yonks to climb the hill, and when I do. . . I see something quite not what I was expecting.
"Dogba city airport?" I read the headline of the huge building. We walk all the way to the glass door which some seem to be broken.
"It's an abandoned airport. . . " I run on. Why is it called Dogba city? it's supposed to be Gulyabani city.
"Hey everybody!" I spin around at the sound of Tide's voice. We wait as he jogs towards us smiling. He has a hat on, a pair of rubbed jeans and shiny plastic-like jacket that looks like a bin bag. Fits him.
"You guys made it." He points out, standing in front of us. I look away as his eyes land on mine. Gritting my teeth I cross my hands.
"Uh. . . a good place to hide right?" He utters while everyone's so quiet.
"What are you doing here?" I let out my voice rough as it cracks. He swallows looking around at the ghouls.
"I'm here to help." He elaborates his voice stiff.
"We need no help, now bye," I stress waving with my hand as a goodbye. He sighs brushing the edge of his nose.
"You said hello instead of a bye on the phone when you needed me." He implies adjusting his posture.
"I didn't say anything! When did I talk to you!?" I complain my voice loud feeling the ghouls eyes on me.
"It was technically Oldu but, no one has that phone number beside you, Daria!" He retorts.
"Don't shout at me!" I rave stepping before him my face burning.
"You're the one who's shouting cause you got nothing to say!" He yells back. Brushing some hair got in my mouth I continue,
"I got nothing to say!? if I begin I won't finish you plastic-bag look alike!" I add my chest tight.
"Oh yeah!? go on! I got nothing to do, let me hear it!" He prods leaning back. I point at him,
"You left that day on the mall and didn't come back! I think you're the least bit interested in helping me, you want something to do with the ghouls!" I run on and he looks away giggling adjusting his hat.
"What Daria, you starting to hallucinate since you're not taking your drugs?" He stresses. My mouth falls open knowing how everyone heard that.
"Look Tide. . . " He cuts me off since my voice was so low.
"What was I supposed to do? you wanted me to get you more drugs when I saw you addicted?" He adds. Taking a breath I try to speak louder,
"I. . . was NOT addicted. . . " He cuts me off again.
"Oh you were, and you know it! I can tell a drug addict by looking at their faces, and I bet you still take it." He goes on. Swallowing, I deny it,
"I do not take it anymore!" I yell spinning around trying to prove it to everyone.
"I thought there was something wrong as well." Oldu rails. I glare at him pushing my bangs up.
"What? I don. . . " Tide cuts me off again.
"Anyone can tell, just by looking at you." He goes on gesturing at my whole body.
"I think. . . you hallucinate Daria." Oldu adds surprising me.
"Oldu what are you saying?" I laugh tensely gazing at him and at Erin.
"You first said there was someone, she, in the graveyard." He elaborates gravelly.
"You said you saw someone as well!" I rave my voice wobbly as I start choking on some tears.
"I wasn't sure what was going on at that time so I went on with it, the second time you said you saw me with you in the mall." He rails. I stay quiet not knowing what to say or do.
"See! you are hallucinating Daria!" Tide raves approaching me. I spin around and look up at him tears making me look weak but I don't care.
"Stop lying Tide! I'm not! and I might have been addicted but. . . " He cuts me off again.
"See! now you admit it yourself!" He remarks placing his finger on my chest and poking me while speaking.
"I'm not! I'm just saying I might have been addicted but not anymore! and I. . . " He cuts me off again.
"You still are! just look at your face! it's. . . " With that, I kneel down and pick a pole of metal I spotted just now, and quickly, birch him with it on the head.
"Shut up!!!" I yell as he falls to the ground shrinking garbing hold of his head.
"Why don't you mention how I got the drugs in the first place you filthy animal!" I rave. Quickly Erin rushes towards me, grabbing at the pole in my hand and pulls it away from my grasp. I give him a push and he trips backward gazing at me.
"What? is that what you're good at!? you don't butt in to stop him but interfere now to stop me!?" I shout.
"He's human, he can be easily hurt." Erin implies in a soft tone.
"You don't seem to realize I'm the one who's hurt! what he was saying and the way you all looked at me is drilling at my heart! Besides, what do you mean by he's human? I'm human too!" I shout tears rolling down my cheeks.
"What about your dad? I know who he is and what he is. . . " Tide begins standing up.
"Leave my dad out of this Tide." I utter brushing my cheeks.

Erin's P/O/V
I watch as Daria glances at me while speaking to Tide. I actually don't know what to make of this.
"Your dad and siblings are the core of this state you're in. I'm sorry you were not truly loved and that it made you unstable like this." Tide prods his voice penetrating. I stare as Daria's eyes go wide and her lips twitch. Everyone's silent. We all wait for Daria's comeback. I myself can't believe what he just said to her. I point silently at her face when I spot some blood rolling down her nose. She quietly brushes it off.

Daria's P/O/V
I feel sick surrounded by these ghouls that don't stand up for me and my hands are shaking. I'm losing control of my anger and I'm going to puke with the horrible odor.
"You know what Tide?" I run on not looking at him.
"Look Tide or whoever you are, just leave this place." Erin interferes approaching him calmly, breaking my tense feeling.
"I told you about this place, why should I leave?" Tide implies defending himself.
"Don't get overboard, it's just an abandoned airport, not a luxury hotel. But thanks anyway." Oldu mocks.
"Ah, now you don't like it." Tide laughs off giving me the feel to snap his neck.
"Just leave, you got nothing to do here anyway, and if you won't, we'll leave this place," Guru says out of nowhere.
"Yeah, leave this place and then I'll leave too," Tide confirms. I look up at Selja and shake my head while she stares blankly at me.
"No ghouls are leaving this place, we need time to hide and find a proper place to stay," Selja speaks up.
"Yeah right, come on everyone, let's go to check the place out," I call out. I turn around facing the doors, walking ahead, placing my hand on the handles I pull towards me.
"HEY! Stop! I didn't give you permission." Tide yells and rushes towards me but he's stopped by Erin's frame and he struggles.
"Permission. . . " I whisper to myself stepping in. Who does he think he is? It's chilly inside and smells of dampness. Feet behind me step on cracked glass and choke on the stuffy air. We send five people to get us mops, five others to get us bleach and soap and twenty to get us something to sleep on. We find the toilets but they're total chaos, sinks broken and toilets dusty. The black floor tiles are out of their places and the wall white paint is peeled off and cracked. This place doesn't look abanded, there was a fight rather.
"We definitely can't use these toilets." A man implies poking his head into the door frame. I nod leaving.
"We can always head down the road and use coffee toilets." I discuss with Selja, Erin and the twins in the big hall.
"More than hundred people? people are gonna start to question it." Selja implies.
"We can't stay here forever, it'll be only for a few days." I elaborate.
"Where are you planning to go?" Guru asks me.
"I say we go back behind the walls." I let out. Selja takes in a loud deep breath,
"Why would we go back when we just got out!?" Erin asks his hands shaking.
"It's not the same anymore, the doors are open and we can leave anytime we want. And that place is your property right?" I add. Erin sighs jumping from foot to the other not containing himself.
"Let's go there tomorrow and have a look at the doors we opened to leave. If there's a way to take them off then it'll be good to go back." Selja says. I nod smiling.
"Yeah, let's do that," I confirm rubbing my nose off blood again. After a while, some space is cleared off dirt and we place sponges to sleep on at night. The sun is still bright outside so I decide to go out get me some food.
"Can I come along?" Erin asks and I nod. We walk down the hill and cross the busy highway. Passing by a park, Erin ogles his eyes at some kids playing around almost tripping forward.
"You like kids?" I run on, he hesitates and suppresses a smile with a slow nod.
"I didn't meet many children who are ghouls, besides the twins siblings." I recite. He laughs mockingly looking down and sideways.
"Yeah right, where are they?" I ask glad I didn't meet that creepy girl again.
"I don't know, probably taken by the humans." He says as we step out of the park gates. Now we cross the street walking towards a shop titled COFFEE SHOP / Breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Walking in, we see no one around.
We creep in, there's a long thin metal table with high round chairs alongside it and on the other side, big cupboards filled with cups and stuff. I take a seat inspecting the place. I look up at Erin as he struggles to pull the round chair making loud noises.
"Erin! It doesn't move." I imply pointing at its hooked base.
"Oh." He mutters sitting down beside me. We have some of these chairs in our kitchen back home too.
"Hi. What can I get you?" A young man rambles from a small doorway beside the cupboards.
"Oh um hello. Uh, what do you have?" I ask biting at my thumbnail. He shuffles a menu book on the metal table and it flies away. Erin scans the man letting out a heavy breath as he stretches out grabbing the menu and hands it to me. I look between the meals while the boy stands against the table sighing every second. I pick a burger medium size.
I bite down sensing Erin's gaze on me.
"Does it taste good?" He asks. I bite down at the dry burger and shake my head.
"All I taste is bread," I mumble trying to bite it down. I peep at him,
"Have you never tried actual food?" I ask him. He shakes his head,
"There was nothing behind those walls beside us." He elaborates. Putting down my Burger, I tear a piece of it from the side I didn't bite and extend my arm his way. He looks down at my hand and glances up at me.
"Try it. It's not good but still food." I cajole. He hesitates taking it shaking his head. Hair looking like a mushroom.
"What if I get a belly ache?" He asks looking down at it.
"We both might, this thing tastes old," I add taking another bite. I gape at Erin as he places the bite in his mouth. Biting down he muses.
"This thing is so soft! But it tastes weird." He implies.
"Weird?" I ask curiously of what he tastes.
"Yeah, like. . . I don't know how to explain but it's tasty." He says grinning swallowing down.
"Is it better than uh. . you know?" I whisper. He looks up titling his head.
"No, well, better than the one I had yesterday." He runs on and I squint.
"Sorry." I apologize because I was the one who took them there. He shakes his head.
"I didn't say that to make you feel bad. It was filling and that's what's important." He points out. I nod glad.
"Oh yeah, how often do you get hungry?" I ask him missing a heartbeat as the man serving us scuffs towards us.
"Same as you I guess, we need at least one meal a day or we go hungry." He remarks. I nod while the man hands me a receipt. I struggle to see how much I need to pay. I pull out my bank card and hand it to the man. He glances up at me and back at the card not amused.
"You have to pay by cash." He demands, handing me back the card.
"I haven't got any cash." I echo when he narrows his eyes at me. Slamming his hand on the table he shouts,
"Cash payment only! can't you both read?" He pokes at a sticker on the table I just spot.
"I didn't see it," I stress while Erin stays silent his eyebrows touching.
"Well now you do, one of you stay here and the other go and get some money out of your bank." The man demands.
"You're holding one of us, hostage?" I frown slamming my hand on my thigh.
"Call it whatever you want." He rails crossing his hands. I look up at Erin and he blinks rapidly letting out a deep breath.
"Can you give us a second?" Erin asks the man his voice gruff and his eyes narrow. The man sighs and leaves us alone. I look up at Erin as he takes hold of my hand roughly jumping off his chair. I slip out of my chair and stumble on my feet. Outside the shop, I try to stop Erin.
"We can't just leave without paying," I complain but he keeps on walking.
"Why not? we're not good people anyway, this won't make it any worse." He states with a smirk. I put the thought through my mind and think he's right.
"The burger was crappy anyways." I rail and we both laugh out and swagger away from the shop.




TOSKA

Chapter 30

Daria's P/O/V
I pull the cover over my shoulders shuddering my feet lacking heat with the short socks. After a long time, sitting up in the darkness rubbing my forehead and down my face letting out a heavy breath. I need to pee and there's no loo here and I'm also surrounded by a bunch of people sleeping. Putting my head back down, placing my hands under my head I try to go to sleep. After a few minutes, I hear someone hissing. Squeezing my eyes trying not freak myself out of nothing but the hissing doesn't stop. And it's like one foot away from me. Blinking open my eyes, I try to look around without moving, I see no one. The hissing continues and I can tell it's coming from behind my head. Swallowing I decide to look up. Spinning my head like an owl, I spot someone sitting down folding legs. Blinking a couple of times, I freeze in terror. My shoulder shaking at the weight of my body and a hiccup escaping my mouth pierces through the silence.
"Daddy?" I whisper.

Erin's P/O/V
In the morning, I ask Daria if she wants to head to a Coffee shop for food but she shakes her head silently. Her lips cracked and slightly apart while her teeth are gritted. Looking to the right her eyes fixed for a moment on nothing licking her lips, then raising her hand to her mouth and biting at her thumbnail.
"Are you not hungry?" I ask her scanning her face. She shakes her head looking up at me then glancing back to the right.
"Are you sure?" I prod observing the area she's staring at.
"Yes." She implies. Her face is slightly pale and puffy lines under her eyes.
"Are you okay?" I ask acquiring a glare.
"I'm fine Erin." She stresses and I shut up.

Guru's P/O/V
I head towards Daria watch her shrink like a shrimp.
"Hey you okay?" I ask her. She nods and I wonder if she looks sick because of the fight she had with Tide yesterday.
"We're heading out to eat." Oldu comes up saying it so easily. I glare at his blank expression.
"What? oh uh okay. All of you?" She asks glancing away each second.
"Yeah, no one wants to stay behind," I state. She ignores what I said and approaches Oldu.
"Can I come?" She pleads. We all glance at each other in silence.

Daria's P/O/V
They all leave the airport. I sit down, laying my back on the wall staring at my father. He's wearing an elegant blue suit and sitting opposite of me. He was there at night, he's just staring at me. I waited until the morning to see if I was the only one who could see him. And it's true, no one saw him or complained why is he here. He didn't say anything. Just staring at me blankly. I wanted to go with the ghouls and not stay off by myself with father but they declined, saying there's no need for me to be there.
"Daddy?" I utter my voice wobbly. He blinks blankly as if he didn't hear me.
"Am I hallucinating or is everyone acting up?" I ask him, now sure it's my one-sided speech.
"Just tell me! are you a ghost!? real? what. . . " I yell punching him on the arm. I freeze, I actually touched him. He's super solid. I back away knowing he's actually real. I look up at the sound of cracked glass. My eyes settle on Reeve a meter away from us.
"We. . . cleaned all the glass from here." I whisper to myself as she approaches me her eyes narrow. I shrink pulling my legs towards me and she squats inches away from me. She smirks at me her ghoul veins appearing.

Erin's P/O/V
We return to the airport while the sun's still shining. It took us about two to three hours to find a graveyard. And unfortunately, there were humans all over the place so we couldn't eat any crops.
"Hey, Daria." I greet her. She bleeds from her nose instantly when I approach her and I back away. She smiles awkwardly at me wiping her nose with the oversized jacket. I spot a couple of tears on the purple jacket and wonder if they were there earlier. If Anyone who ever thought the long loose hair was for girls has never laid eyes on Daria today. Her long hair lay on her shoulders thinly and the short part looks as if it's electrified. She actually looks like a mess. She stands up and walks towards the exit. Guru glances at her then title his head my way in question. I shrug. Selja stops her halfway and says something.
"Let's go to the walls." Selja implies. Daria shakes her head,
"Go without me." Her voice sotto, then she crosses Selja rambling away. Our commander grabs her by the arm stopping her. Daria looks up at Selja's face,
"We said we'll go together why did you change your mind?" The commander asks her. Guru approaches them a little. I stand up to my feet bearing up to them.
"I don't want to go! I don't have to go if I don't want to!" Daria yells pushing at her. Selja quickly grabs her hand back pulling a bit at the jacket. It slides down. Daria quickly pulls it back up. Selja pulls at it again and it falls off. We all go silent ogling at Daria's figure.
"What happened to you!" Guru bellows grabbing her by the shoulder. Her white long shirt is stained with so much blood almost leaving no white anywhere. And her arms are wounded and scratched.
"Huh?" She mutters looking down at herself.
"Who did this to you?" Selja shakes her, looking down at her arms. Daria laughs a little,
"Did what?" Daria utters looking down at herself not reacting to all the blood. Selja pulls at her shirt but Daria smacks her hand off.
"What do you think you're doing!?"She yells. We all stay silent as she takes her jacket.
"I guess you're the ones hallucinating." She tells us smiling walking out the doors.

Daria's P/O/V
I place my hands on my knees taking a deep breath, I thought they won't be able to see all the blood and wounds from Reeve's beatings. I thought I was hallucinating even with the pain. Brushing my nose's edge, I move forward. Walking down the hill and through the park. Sitting on a bench, I look down at my hands, half covered with the jacket. A tear tips down on my palm, rolling down giving my hand a clean line as it rolls down. I take my way back to the airport when it starts to go dark. I'm starving but I'm not willing to go steal food by myself.
Going up the hill, I slip down giving my uncovered legs a scratch. Laying on my back taking a breath before getting up, I take a look at the sun going down and at the racing cars on the highway. I spot some colorful flashing lights but hear nothing. Squinting my eyes, I see some motorbikes making way for huge cars. A lot of them. . . wait. . . I jump to my feet the moment my heart does. Running up the hill and rushing to the airport building. I fight my way through the doors and ski on the slippery floor.
"HEY! uh. . . one of you come with me!" I yell at the ghouls sitting down. Everyone stares at me. They look like they were talking about me for sure.
"Hurry up!" I yell grabbing a man by the arm. I take him towards the highway. Now the cars are stopping below us.
"Do you see any cars down there? black huge ones?" I ask him pointing down. He looks down then scan me nodding.
"Oh my golly!" I yell when I see my dad getting out of the car.
"Do. . . do you see a man in a blue suit???" I proceed, words spilling out of my mouth as I look down.
"Yeah." He confirms. Looking down, I back down quickly pulling the man away when my dad looks up.
"He's real then," I whisper to myself. Running back to the airport with the man, I hassle trying to get everyone out.
"They're here!!! we've got to leave! my father and his people are here!!!" I rush. Everyone stays quiet.
"I'm not hallucinating this time! I swear!" I imply giving the man came with me a nod to talk.
"I saw some men down the hill too, loads of them." He backs me up. With that, Selja gets up.
"Everyone out, now!" She instructs. Guru runs up to me his eyes darting around.
"Are you sure they found us?" He asks me looking outside the glass windows. I nod,
"Where's Tide?" I ask him.
"He went yesterday." He informs me. I groan knowing it must be him, he is the only one who knows about us being here. We empty the airport, me and Oldu last ones running out. We find them standing in front of the ghouls unarmed. I freeze as my dad spots me and smiles shaking his head. There're no guards at all. Just a couple of six to seven men in suits.
"You can't stop us!" Selja raves. I keep quite staying out of it for the time being.
"We're not here to stop you. We're here to talk." My father remarks.
"Talk about what?" She asks him in shrill.
"About what you want. Are you all going to keep running away hiding in absurd places?" He discusses glancing at me for a second.
"No, we have a plan. We're going back behind the walls." Selja lets out. We all stare at her wondering why she told them about our plan.
"You want to be locked up again?" My father asks his eyebrows forward. I look up at Selja waiting for her answer.
"I found out you can break down the walls from the outside. And that's what we're going to do." She confirms. My father smirks looking at the men with him. He looks between us his eyes darting around then shaking his head.
"With this much people?" He mocks, one of his eyebrows rising. Selja hesitates to nod her head.
"We won't allow it." He confirms in a grating tone. Selja stays silent with nothing to say.
"Okay, what do you want? you took many of us already! tell us why you're here." Guru shouts out. I cross my hands impressed that he actually spoke.
"There are some people I want you to get rid off." My father shoots. I stare at my father who doesn't flinch.
"Who are these people?" Selja asks her voice even as if she already accepts. I walk up towards her slowly and pinch her in the back. She doesn't budge. Erin is beside her and he looks worried itching the back of his ear which is kind of bleeding a little.
"Some rebels within the city. They're humans and the ones taking the ghouls." My father informs us. My mouth falls open at his lie. I thought the ones at the jail are commanded by him!
"Why are they taking some of us?" Selja asks. I roll my eyes at the tone she's using, her voice sotto, now sounding like siblings with my father.
"I believe you know the rebels who started the division between humans and ghouls." My dad proceeds. I wait in silence trying to understand what he's talking about.
"It's them. And they want to get rid of every last ghoul alive." My father prods. I look down at Selja's hands as they round up into fists.
"It's good for both sides. Getting rid of chaos again for us, and getting your ghouls back." My dad elaborates. I can already tell Selja's in for it.
"What happens afterward? are we gonna be free?" Oldu asks. I roll my eyes at his stupid question. My father nods smiling politely.
"We're in," Selja announces. I look around scanning the ghouls and they all stay stiff. They seem like they're following her. My father claps once,
"Great. I'll send someone with the details in a few days." He rails smiling at the men with him. I take a breath stepping out of the crowd standing before Selja. I raise my hands up,
"If that's the way you're going guys, I'm out," I call. Selja examines me her eyebrow raised and her mouth upward forming a frown on her face. Erin's lips are slightly apart gaping at me. I spin around facing my father.
"And I'm not coming home too," I add. He breaths in loudly studying me. A strong breeze waves around and my hair flies in front of my face.
"Where are you going then? steal clothes and food for the rest of your life?" He asks me. I look away with nothing to say.
"Reeve is home." He utters. My eyes fly to his wondering how he could bring her up.
"I know, she was here this morning." I echo. His eyebrows touch in the middle and creases form on his forehead.
"She's hospitalized, unconscious Daria." He elaborates in a soft voice. I scan him wondering if it was a hallucination. Pulling down the zipper. . . Zi iii IP. Raising my shirt, I show him the gashes and scratches she caused. My father's mouth goes wide open stepping forward, glaring at someone behind me. I let the shirt down and back away.
"That was her, daddy. I was alone today and she came here." I remark sure of myself crossing my hands.
"Look, I'm sure there's another explanation to this. And if you don't want to come home it's fine with me. I know you'll come back sooner or later." He proceeds. With that, he glances up at Selja behind me and smiles turning around. He leaves. I spin around facing the ghouls,
"He actually left me here with you guys!" I rave laughing awkwardly by myself. The ghouls start to go back in following Selja. Erin stays still in front of me, his eyes fixed on me and his face looking all sad like the spaghetti Florence our maid used to cook and lay terribly uneven on the table so that all the sauce was dripping like his eyes.
"Just go with him." He utters his voice firm. I scan him as the wind blows again and a chill goes down my spine.
"Why would I go?" I ask him and try to ignore the crack of my voice as I start to walk away towards the airport doors.
"He's your dad, why don't you do as he tells you? you can see he only wants you to live perfectly." He yells. I stop and look back at him.
"He doesn't want a perfect life for me, he's making his perfect and going to make me watch him enjoy it! He restricted me in that house my whole life and lied to me while he was out having fun and eating burgers!" I retort.
"Oh no, wait, not burgers. But humans!" I yell. Leaving him speechless, I go in and talk to Selja. I find her speaking to Guru and Oldu but I cut them off anyway.
"Partners with the Flam twain are you." I mock at Selja using the term she did the first time I met her. She sighs adjusting her posture.
"Look, were you serious about doing what my father said?" I ask her. She nods shortly.
"You want us to stay in this dirty place." She implies looking around.
"Yeah but we said we'll go beyond the walls and. . . " Guru cuts me off.
"Didn't you hear him, he won't allow it." His voice firm. I sigh looking away feeling sweat trickle down my neck.
"Look, I don't have the energy to explain this but, don't trust my father. He's the one put you in prison! believe me. He said something about doing something with the ghouls when I was home. Trust me." I discuss, out of breath.
"You want us to trust your words but not your dads?" Oldu runs on his voice silvery.
"Don't speak to me, you have double personalities and I'm tired of figuring out which one I'm dealing with at the moment." I fire at him my breathing ragged. He narrows his eyes at me crossing his arms.
"So, just listen to me and don't do whatever he tells you," I advise them.
"Okay, he still didn't send us the details. Now go and rest for a while, I'll get you something to eat." Guru rails gesturing for me to go. I scan him drilling my eyes at him.
"I don't need rest now, I need to know that you won't get rid of those people. . . " I run on starting to shake. It really getting cold.
"Wait, who are the people anyway. It's not the ones who restricted you guys in prison. I'm hundred percent sure." I rail.
"The people he's talking about are the rebels. Don't you know about them?" Selja elaborates a bit. I shake my head.
"The rebels are the people who were ghouls but stopped eating flesh." She informs me. My jaw drops down,
"What?" I let out. I never knew there were such people.
"Ghouls can actually stop eating flesh???" I ask them. I thought they would die or something. . .
"We never tried it. Because when a ghoul stops eating flesh, they get sick and change in a weird way." Oldu says.
"In what weird way? Worse than you are now?" I ask.
"I never saw it, I think none of us here did but they say some of the rebels kill the people they love most. They develop a blood disease, something of that sort." Oldu continues. I nod wondering why I never heard of this.
"Why wouldn't any of you try it? Most of you here don't have loved ones right?" I rush exited at the idea. They stay silent.
"Selja, why don't you give it a try?" I suggest. Her eyes go wide shaking her head. I look up at Guru and he sighs.
"Why don't you try it? Oldu is your loved one but we'll keep him away from you and see what happens!" I rush smiling.
"Am'I crazy? Why would I stop? I'm not a fan of being human you know." He states my smile fading.
"Stiff boring people," I whisper. I spin around walking away on my wobbly legs. I spot Erin running my way so I stop shrinking when I see his terrifying expression. Thankfully he passes by me. My eyes follow him. I let out a yelp when I see his hand slam into Oldu's face.
"It was you wasn't it, you hoddypeak!" Erin yells glaring at Oldu who's grabbing at his face. I rush towards them but Guru shakes his head giving the signal to stay away.
"What's the matter?!" Selja demands, standing in her firm position.
"I respect you, commander! But the way we're all hiding what's the cause of Daria hurting is not what we're supposed to do!" He yells. I title my head eager to know what he's talking about.
"Erin, she's not one of us anymore," Selja announces not caring I'm actually here.
"Who cares about that now!?" He bellows, his eyes wide and sharp. And his face going bright red matching his white hair.
"Why are we not discussing Oldu is the one who hurt Daria like that!?" Erin screams.
"Erin, I was all alone this morning and Reeve is. . . " He cuts me off.
"Hallucinating! You were hallucinating Daria! Your dad said Reve is unconscious or whatever!" He runs on pronouncing Reeve's name as reve.
"Besides, can't you remember our conversation?! you didn't stay alone Daria." Erin points out.
"Oldu stayed with you." He ends.




CAMARILLA

Chapter 31

Oldu's P/O/V
Daria's wide eyes are glued on mine. She looks as shell-shocked as when I first bit her cheek. Her knees trembling a little while her shoulders are sunken down. Her lips slightly apart twitching a little on her yellow sick slack face. I wonder what she'll do and say right now. Will she turn into her powerful angry self? run away? cry?? kill me? not believe Erin?

Daria's P/O/V
In the worst of times, I hear my belly rumble. I'm shocked at how I could actually forget what happened this morning. Since I was focusing on my father I was hallucinating, I didn't get into the conversation really well. Now, I remember Oldu volunteering to stay and me nodding at the idea. After that, I remember nothing. Just Reeve beating the life out of me. I concealed my pain all this morning because I started feeling everyone doesn't want me to be here and I'm being a pain. And it didn't work. They still want me to go. And now, I think everyone's acting up. Even though the rainbow colors I see around Erin's figure now seem real enough to me. And the double figures of Guru mirroring each other seem funny. He might be placing a mirror beside him and tricking me. Moreover, I can't see properly and my head is starting to throb, but I still believe I'm not hallucinating. Rubbing my temple, I grit my teeth at the flickering pain through my body. I spin around, my converse rubbing on the floor and I creep out of the doors. Gimpsing my way down the hill, my chest heavy and the tugging feel of pins & needles in my body make me groan every time I ski further on the soil. Making it to the bottom, I wait as cars pass by and wait for the opportunity to cross.
"Hey Daria! where are you going again!?" I hear Erin's wobbly voice from the top. I look up waving at him slowly putting on a twitchy smile. Putting my hand down, I look away and march ahead. Crossing the road. My ears go deaf at a loud beep of a car. Glancing towards the noise, I see a car a meter or so away from me. My jelly legs go firm and I pull my body and break into a dash bolting away. I trip forward and the car passes by with a bbbeeeeewwwwwwwwwp raucous noise. Taking a deep breath, I look up at Erin's mouth gaped face and smile. I'm incredible at surviving. Giving him a thumbs up, I feel the urge to pee and sudden blurry vision again. Not knowing how to move my body, I jump into darkness.
The bitter memories don't give my brain a rest, and the smell of unwashed socks strike at me. I don't move when I hear whispering voices around me. The wind plays with my cheek and I dare not move and itch away hair strings on my eyes.
"You think if we go this way, it'll be a less chance of them spotting us quickly?" A sotto voice hisses.
"Yes, a group goes from here and another from here. . ." I blink open my eyes when I realize the talk isn't about me, and it's nothing I can understand. I feel heavy layers on me so I sit up and they all roll down. I breathe in joy when the sweat smell drains with the jackets I push off. The lot goes quite so I look up. I see a couple of ghouls sitting down in a circle, including Selja, the twins, and Erin.
"You're awake at last." Guru remarks in a sarcastic tone. Leaning in, he grabs one of the jackets stiffly.
"Now I can take my jacket." He mutters.
"Yeah, please do, it's making me dizzy." I imply at the sweat smell. Posing evenly, my hands touch noisy products. The kind that grabs your attention because it has the sound of crisps and junk food my father always forbidden to be at home only on some occasions saying it's bad for health. Scanning the pile of food in packets, I peep at the crowd in question.
"It's food, I got it for you to eat when you wake up to gain energy." Guru rails with a smile. I plaster a smile imagining him stealing them. I strike at the chips first. There's a bottle of water too and I thank him a million times.
"What are you guys doing anyway?" I ask gazing at a map and a few items I didn't see before. I stop chewing when I spot some marks made with a black marker. Stuff from my father obviously. I proceed with the chewing looking at Oldu, Selja and everyone else. I nod quietly waiting for my mouthful to go down.
"When are you guys leaving?" I ask evenly.
"Tonight," Selja answers me. I stare at her,
"Eh? How come? my dad said in the morning he'll send you guys the details in a few days, why did he send them so quick?" I ask them.
"You have been sleeping for a day and a half Daria." Guru informs me. I shush at that with nothing else to say.
"Are you coming with us?" Erin asks me. I shake my head giving my greasy hair a wave.
"I have somewhere to go anyways." I lie stuffing my mouth. At that, they continue their planning. So they're actually going to kill people they never even met. I look down at the map trying to see where they're going. My father had us study the map of Gulbiana city so well. So I can tell where it is they're going by looking at it. I quickly halt to my feet and grab my jacket. With no one asking where I'm going, I leave the airport. With a scan of the map in my mind, I hurry towards the place.
When I get where I think it's right, there are three huge buildings separated from each other in a wide empty space. They look abandoned, dark brown or something, it's night so I can't tell properly. Jumping to avoid little ponds made by rain, I head towards one of the buildings. Placing a hand on a small door frame, I knock. I wait for a couple of minutes but no one answers and it's too quiet. Now I'm starting to doubt my knowledge. Taking a breath, I push the door open.
Zneeeeeee
I stay still my eyes scanning the inside of the building.
"Hello? Uh. . . Rebels? You guys here?" I shout in. I get no reply. So it's obvious no one's here since I don't even smell ghouls. Definitely not going in. It looks just like a haunted place. Spinning around on my heels I step away. I stop in my tracks rethinking. Wait, my voice didn't echo when I screamed in. . . then. . . it's not empty. I spin around,
"Ah!" I yelp my heart thudding, falling back on the ground when I spot someone an inch away from me. He or she stays still. The person has a mask on and baggy outfit. Realising I fell in a small pond of water I try to get up but the wounds in my belly suddenly tingle. I pull my shirt up quickly And find my belly all warped in a bandage. I roll on my belly gritting my teeth at the pain but manage to get up. Now all soaking water, I stare at the person before me.
"Who are you." The person speaks in a hollow tone and I can tell it's a male. I spot a long sharp blade in his hand.
"I have been looking for you," I announce exaggerating. I laugh off at my tone and how stupid I must sound to him.
"Sorry. . . look, are you one of the Rebels?" I ask leveling my voice.
"My answer depends on who you are." He tells me.
"Then I'm the person you would answer honestly." I giggle awkwardly.
"What do you want?" He asks.
"Um, I'm here to warn you. If you're the rebels then you should move out or. . . you know, run away. There's a group of ghouls coming tonight to attack you." I tell him.
"Really? Are you sure?" The man or boy quickly trust my words. My eyes wide scanning him, I nod.
"Wa. . . wait here. Okay?" He rails in a ruch. He runs away ahead to the nearest building. From the doorway, he says something poking his head in. After a few seconds, three people walk out and come towards me in a rush. They all have masks on.
"Hello, uh we heard what you told him, is it true? Are you hundred percent sure there are ghouls coming?" A man with a raucous voice asks me. I gape at them nodding.
"Wait!. . . those veins. . . my son. . . " The same man hollers and I cut him off.
"Don't worry, I'm not a ghoul! Promise! Now you really need to leave." I imply.
"Do you know what time exactly?" He asks calmly.
"They said tonight so I'm not exactly sure what time," I tell them.
"Okay, come on in." Another skinny voice tells me.
"Uh, thanks but I think you got no time for a visitor. You need to leave." I tell them. One with the raucous voice laughs a bit.
"We can't leave. This place will at least shield us." He tells me.
"So if you want to come in before they arrive, you're welcome." He states. I hesitate, I got nowhere to go anyways. I go in. The smell of urine and cement fill the place. Walking in, I arrive at an open way. My jaw drops open when I see loads of people, well without masks.
"The place is full!" I spin around addressing the men walked me in. They nod taking off their masks. I see no ghoul veins so I relax.
"So you guys are the rebels?" I ask again. They nod. I look down the stairs and scan the whole lot of people around.
"Like, you actually were born ghouls but stopped being ghouls?!" I run on exited ignoring how wet I am.
"You seem excited about it." One of the woman joke. I nod eagerly to know how they did.
"How did you do it?" I ask them. Their eyes dart between them.
"Are you not a rebel?" The man with the raucous voice asks me. Everyone stares at me waiting for the answer. If I said no, will they throw me out?
"Ye. . . yeah, sure I'm one." I lie throwing my hands in the air and rolling my eyes to back up myself.
"Then how come you don't know how to do it!?" The man yells in my face. I back away my converse smoothing the surface of dirt beneath me. My eyes dart between them while my heart jiggles inside my chest.
"I'm not. . . sorry I lied." I apologies my tone low.
"I'm sorry, I have to ask you to leave." He implies. My lips slightly part and I sigh.
"I brought you the news that the ghouls are coming," I tell them trying to make them feel guilty and let me stay.
"And why did you do that?" The woman asks me. I note that everyone around has moved around and do whatever they were doing before I came in.
"What do you mean why? I'm going to hear about some people going to get hurt and you want me to stand by and watch?" I rail. I touch the bridge of my nose and think of how dramatic I sound.
"Look, I just don't want the ghouls to get hurt and so you too," I say honestly.
"We don't have time to understand your intentions, please forgive me but leave." The man proceeds. I shake my head letting out a breath walking past them and down the stairs. Through the shady windows, I didn't pay attention to, I see movements. Ignoring the sudden nosebleed, I squint my eyes for better sight. I see someone pelting something. My eyes go wide and suddenly, swoosh! I duck immediately, but I fall to the ground and yell at the lacerating pain that bolts in my shoulder.
"Ah!!!!!!" I scream constantly squeezing my left arm to ease the pain a little. I look up at my shoulder and find a spear point blade is dug right into my flesh. I yell my breath caught in my throat, the fear choking me like a thick fog. I hear some people yelling and I look ahead on top of the stairs. Feet stomp the dirt, everyone in a hurry. No one comes to help me. Tearing like a baby, I manage to get up. Wailing, I make my way down the stairs grabbing my arm.
BOOOOM
The door I knocked on earlier flies to the side showering me with dust. I freeze waiting for the person to appear. It's a man I didn't see before, I instantly throw up a pile of blood. Choking, I come to realise that the ghouls are attacking. The man stares at me then passes by me towards upstairs. More men follow him and I recognise some of them from the ghouls in the airport. Blood rolls down my arm tickling me. Continuing my way out, I freeze watching the ghouls throw blades and rocks at the buildings. I spot Selja, she lashes a blade at the building I'm in. I stare at her sweat trickling down my back. This's all my father's fault, how can my he be so mean.
"Daria!!!" I hear Erin's thick voice and I stop dead. He runs in front of me and gapes at me the second his eyes spot my wounded shoulder. He has a bag over his shoulders I didn't see earlier.
"Move away!" I yell striding pass him. I must make father stop.
"She's wounded!" I hear him yell to someone.
"Stop. . . hey!" Erin and Guru both stand in my way.
"Who did this!? was it the rebels!?" Guru raves. I take a moment to answer him.
"I don't know! I tried to make the rebels leave the place but actually, they seemed eager to meet you guys!" I yell shaking at the pain.
"Why would they hurt you? it certainly wasn't a ghoul. I don't understand. . . " Erin runs on. With the agonizing pain, it's hard to think! Erin swallows silently.
"They knew I wasn't a rebel," I mutter breathing heavily.
"That's. . . my knife." Erin confesses pointing at the knife glued to my shoulder.
"Anyway, where are you going with that?" Guru asks approaching me. I back away,
"I'm. . . I'll go home." I rail. They both gape at me.
"I'm going to go to persuade my father to stop all this," I tell them pointing at the fight against humans and ghouls.
"By the time you get to him, everyone will be dead Daria. There's no point." Guru adds.
"Just shut up!" I yell at the pricking blade in my shoulder. Taking quick breaths, my eyes roll up and I fall down to the ground.

Guru's P/O/V
Daria faints. I look up at Erin silently and nod on what we were talking about earlier.
"Daria! wake up!" Erin yells and I mock his acting with a frown. I leave him there and run to the chaos made by the stupid ghouls and rebels.
"Everybody stop!!!" I yell, no one stops. My eyes land on my twin and I almost spit out my heart at the sight. I run towards him giving him a kick in the guts. He falls over and I pick up the little boy who was almost eaten by him.
"You okay?" I ask him. He's the kid of the rebel leader. I'm sure of it. . . he has Daria's veins. . .
"Put him down!" A rebel with a mask on, shouts at me. I smile giving the kid a ruffle on the head. The person takes off the mask and pleads.
"Please, I'll do anything. . . just let my son go." The leader begs. Mostly everyone stops, watching us.
"Answer me and I'll let him go." I imply.
"Do you know any other groups of rebels anywhere?" I ask him. He instantly nods.
"I don't know where exactly though, I swear." He replies. I nod looking down at the kid. Grabbing him by the back of his head I smile. My hands tighten firmly and I rotate his head in a blink. Letting go, he falls to the ground lifeless.

Erin's P/O/V
I take Daria away from the scene just like how I and Guru agreed. She's still and I actually think she's unconscious so. . . I lay her on her back and grab hold of the dagger in her shoulder. Counting to three, I pull out. She raves with a scream. She begins to cry and blood pours out. I bandage it up struggling with her while she pushes me away. When I'm done, Guru arrives.
"Is she alright?" He asks me his tone silvery. I nod. Daria looks away from us laying on the grass. We're in the park. . . Guru nods at me signaling the success of our plan.
"We'll have to wait here for a while, they're still fighting each other." He says sitting down facing Daria flashing her a smile. She looks away gritting her teeth. I sit down beside them and we wait. After a while, Daria halts to her feet.
"I'm going!" She stresses shaking and flashing red.
"Where?! it's the middle of the night!" I echo. She steps away,
"You told me to go that day anyway!" She spits looking back at me. When I stay silent, she spins around and continues her way. Guru jumps to his feet catching up with her.
"I won't let you go." He tells her grabbing her by the hand. She shakes him off backing away from him, her face paling with the minute.
"What's into you? you never actually asked me to stay somewhere with you. . . " She runs on, frozen her shoulders sinking.
"You're not thinking straight, what if a ghoul catches you? uh? what would you do then?" He goes on. My heart aches at the fear in her eyes but I remind myself of the plan.
"I can take care of myself." She states walking ahead. Guru grabs at her arm. Her legs shake like a leaf and I stay still.
"Let go of me, Guru." She stresses her voice even now in a warning tone. Guru stays still his hand warped around her arm. Is he rethinking the plan? After a couple of seconds, he let's go of her. She glances at me one last time and leaves. Guru barges towards me, kneeling down and zipping open my bag. Pulling out a face mask, he glances up at me.
"Do you wanna do it? or should I?" He muses. I smile picking up the mask from his grasp.




OPPROBRIOUS

Chapter 32

Daria's P/O/V
I hurry down the dark empty roads. I'm almost home. . . Sudden bloom of heat washes over my whole body and my limbs are stiff and not capable of careening me anymore. I'm sure my wounds already healed, why am I tired? I twirl around at every sound, my breathing raged making it harder to hear. I shake at a drop of water on my hand. And more start to shower down. I'm soaked and freezing cold. Erin took off my jacket when he bandaged my shoulder and it disappeared since then. I halt to a stop when I hear a pot or something metallic drop on the ground. Looking around I spot no movement. Biting my lower lip, I groan under my breath for the situation I'm in. I continue my way. When I spot our house on the montical, relief washes over me. I rush ahead. . .
"AHHHH!" I yell as something smashes into my back. It isn't heavy but I fall over. I look around for who threw itdaddyand I see someone in a mask. . . a rebel? I get up smiling, I'm near the house anyway.
"Who are you?" I ask him or her. . .
"What does a rebel want from me?" I rail. I realise it's a male because of the slight body. He pulls something from his pocket. I back away observing the bit of flesh in his grasp. Pushing his mask upwards, revealing his thin lips, he chucks it in, smirking. My lips slightly part and I feel them twitch. Heavy headache strikes and I back away slowly. It's a ghoul! Why didn't I catch his scent?? I spin on my heels and run ahead, I look up trying to spot any guards around but see none. I wrench my head trying to see the ghoul but he's not behind me. My converse betrays me skiing on the ground and I slip ramming my head with the wet ground.

Erin's P/O/V
I enjoy the moment watching her freak out and fight her hands to get her up. I bet I look so cool right now! Taking my chance, I lash myself on her, pinning her on her back, I grab at her neck and squeeze. Her eyes wide and a scratch on her forehead bleeds out. I lose my grip, her leg hitting me from the back. I trip to the side and she struggles to get up. I stay still to let her go. But instead, she lashes on me. I gasp when I spot a knife in her hand. . . my knife! The blade I carved in her and then took it out! I club her hurt shoulder and she yells falling to the ground. The blade is warped around her hand tightly. I grab her hand and try to pull out the knife. She kicks me in the face and I fall away. I see her flee up the hill. Fall a few times but zips away. She's almost as strong as me. . .

Daria's P/O/V
I knock on the door my knuckles bleeding from the last fall on the hill. The door flies open and I stride past the shocked maid. I zip through the hallway dripping water on the shiny spotless lines of tiles.
"Daaaddy! daddy!" I call looking for him in the hall room. Felling his presence, I twirl around spotting him.
"I see you came back." He remarks. Gritting my teeth, I swallow the feel of defeat.
"Stop them, daddy," I stress the pain in my shoulder tingling like twitching nails.
"Ah, I see why you came back." He implies pouring himself a glass of water.
"There isn't much time, they probably killed each other already!" I rail watching him take a seat crossing his legs.
"Then it's too late don't you think?" He proceeds.
"It may be not, just send someone to stop your order." I run on. He gulps down jiggling his leg. Licking his lips, placing his glass down he talks.
"I've got someone there that can stop them immediately." He points out.
"You do?!" I rave. I bounce towards him and kneel down.
"Please daddy, there are people I know there. . . I'll do whatever you want. I'll stop running away. This time for real!" I cry. I don't want people to die because of him.
"Whatever?" He catches the word. I nod.
"Then I have a mission for you to do. I can put Jaydon or Reeve to it but, you can do it." He profanes.
"I'll do it, just order them to stop before they die." I rush, spotting a phone on the transparent round table beside him. I grab it handing it to him. He pauses, then takes out a paper from his suit pocket. He hands it to me. Fleetly, I open it up and read.
"A site contract?" I whisper, taken back by his act. He replies by handing me a pen. I snatch it and write my name on it as a signature.
"Done, now make the phone call." I rail. He nods, tapping at the screen.
"Done." He confirms.
"A message? you sent a message?" I frown, realizing I still got that blade in my grasp. I place it silently on the floor staining it, my dad peeks at it.
"It'll do. Now go up your room, I'll call your doctor." He orders.
"Will a message stop them? what if. . . " He cuts me off.
"We made a deal. You'll see them soon anyway." He elaborates. I swallow getting up on my knees. Striding up to my room, I don't take a shower waiting for my doctor to arrive and tell me what to do.
"These aren't so bad." My doctor remarks cleaning my belly cuts. I ignore him, my brain like a train of thoughts. Did Oldu do this to me? or was it really Reeve?
"I'm going to stitch a cut here, so try not to move." He proceeds. Now I see no funny colors and my sight is actually good. Maybe the hallucination won't occur anymore and I'll be more careful of my surroundings.
"AHHH!" I yell jerking.
"You're not even trying. . . " My doctor sighs. After he continues and leaves, I change into pale green summer pyjamas since our house is heated. I don't take any painkillers of the box my doctor offered. I don't wanna get addicted to them too. With the prickling pain, I manage to drift to sleep after an hour or so.

Erin's P/O/V
I meet up with Guru in the park, he rushes towards me his eyes wide.
"She took the knife, Erin." He points out. I nod sitting down my head throbbing.
"I tried to take it but she run away. With no scent, I couldn't follow her." I lie not looking at him.
"There's change of plan anyway. Tomorrow, we're going to her house. Find it and take it back." I gasp at the announcement.
"Overmorrow? What are we gonna do there?!" I ask him.
"I don't know. But Mr Kent asked for us." Guru elaborates.

Daria's P/O/V
I wake up and stay in bed until I'm no longer sleepy. Getting up, I skip the shower since my doctor advised me not to and I'm too lazy anyways. I change into a black top and light blue tracksuit trousers. I saunter my way to the kitchen. Standing with the maids, I ask them to make me some egg and avocado butty. Taking my full plate on my right arm, I march to the dining room with the big dining table. My hands full, I push the heavy two doors with my back.
"YA!" I yelp when I bump my plate with the door beside the one I'm supporting with my back and the butty kisses my shirt. The egg yolk smearing on it.
"That looks just like your attitude." My eyes fly up at the voice. I spot Jaydon sitting on the table. Opening my mouth for a comeback, my eyes spot someone else sitting across him and I freeze.
"Erin?" I rave not believing my eyes. He waves at me smiling. I approach them, placing my plate on the table heavily.
"What are you doing here?!" I ask him ogling at him while my brother reads a paper.
"Uh. . . your dad called us here." He elaborates.
"Us? who's us?" I run on. The door swings open and I twirl to see who is it.
"What are. . . " I echo, my father and Guru glide towards us. I look up at father who's taking a seat and placing a plastic sheet on the table.
"I said you'll soon see them." My dad recites smiling.
"Why are they here daddy?" I complain. I wonder what he's thinking of doing now. Wait, I don't smell any molded olives. . . no nosebleeds.
"Sit down." He gestures for me to sit. He glances at Jaydon and he stands up rushing out. Guru takes a seat as well. I'm sure my doctor didn't give me a dose.
"About your mission. They need to hear it too. Most of it." My father points out tangling his hands.
"The mission? oh. . . uh okay." I mumble not sure why they're both here yet. Why would I need ghouls's help?
"There's this place called Moor village, I want it emptied." Father elaborates handing us a picture from the folder. We both lean in to take a look. It's a picture of a site. Houses from the top roof.
"There are ninety-nine houses. They all need to be emptied in two months." My dad proceeds.
"The houses don't look cheap, does that mean the people are rich?" I ask my father. He nods.
"Then we can't buy them with money right?" I point out and he nods again. That's a bother.
"Why do we need to empty them though?" I ask him. He glares at me.
"That's none of your concern" He shoots rudely plastering a smile.
"Use anything to empty it." He proceeds glancing up at Guru and Erin. I nod.
My father leaves saying he got some work to do and gives us information on the site. He even sends me women to help since I'm not good with technology.
"Can you list me all the people living there and their profiles?" I ask the women. She has long even length hair that looks as if it got trimmed a minute ago, she looks about thirty-five to forty.
"I'll prepare that for tomorrow." She confirms.
"Good, oh and also a whole study of the area." I utter taking a napkin from the table and rub at the dry yolk on my shirt.
"Say, what's the plan?" Guru asks me.
"We'll study the place and the people we need to move out. Then make a plan." I tell them. They both nod.
"You live in a very nice house uh. . . " Erin runs on. The doors fly open and I look up at my brother Tomy.




INDAGATE

Chapter 33

Erin's P/O/V
Everyone goes silent, a guy sweeps in, hands holding a plate up high. He stares at Daria and she stares back. Taking a seat two chairs away from me he shoots me a glance, I swallow hard.
"What are you doing here." Daria presses eyes sharp, her hands spread on the table, ready to reach out. The guy giggles his voice silvery and raucous mismatching his skinny long figure.
"Having breakfast." The guy replies his voice even. I glance at Daria, gritting her teeth.
"What are you? bisexual? like, a bieater?" Daria spits. A laugh escapes my lips but seals it shut when he glares at me.
"Who's this?" He directs his answer at Guru referring to me.
"I'm Erin." I introduce myself my throat dry. The guy fills his cheeks with white dots. . . what is it?
"And you might be Lilly for all I care." The ugly guy mocks.

Daria's P/O/V
Erin's face goes red, he looks from left to right blinking in silence. My stomach rumbles and I place my head on the table. Empty a village he said. . . How on earth am' I going to do that?
"Are you assigned to this mission as well?" Guru's thick voice grabs my attention. I look up at Tomy, waiting for his reply. He nods.
"You must be joking." I press my voice tight. He ignores me finishing his meal.
"How are you going to help?" I ask him crossing my hands around my torso. His tongue struggles inside his mouth until he speaks up.
"I'm going to watch you." He utters. I glance at Erin and Guru.
"Watch me? why, who told you to?" I mock. He sighs. I get up.
"Wait here guys, I'm going to change. We'll go visit this Moro. . . Mo whatever village." I announce. I peek at Tomy one last time and head upstairs. Removing my pajamas and thinking how embarrassing I looked in them, I put on warm flare soft peach and grey trousers remembering how cold it was when I left for the prison. With a neck-high grey shirt that tightens around my not so wounded body. Blending in so much cream on my face, my fringe licks some of it and it looks like a mess. I leave my dry washed hair open tugging it in my low knee height light brown coat.
I find the maids cleaning the floor of the eggs I splattered near the doors. I apologize pushing open the door. Laying my body on the door, I glance at the dining table. No one is there.
"Where did they go?" I ask the maids my breath rapid. They point at the front door and tell me they went out. My chest tightens as I open the door remembering when I first came back after going behind the walls. I freeze as I watch Guru chat with Tomy while Erin plays with the huge Chien police who attacked me when I was trying to run away once. I close the door behind me and stand still.
"Hey! didn't I tell you to wait back there?" I yell at Erin. The dog barks twice at me. This dog hates me, and I hate it back. Tomy and Guru march out of the garden and get in a 4x4 car. Erin stands tall waiting. I tug my hair behind my ear taking a deep breath. Stomping my way to the car Erin tailing me, I sit in the front while Erin slides in the back with the ugly faced jerks. I put on the safety belt and cozen in my coat. I glance at the driver when he doesn't move the car.
"What's wrong?" I ask.
"Where shall I drive to?" He says flatly. I blink trying to remember what my father said. Peeping at the jerks, I sigh.
"What's the name of the village again?" I ask them not meeting their eyes my fingers tapping at the beige fresh smelled counter of the car.
"Moor. Moor village." Guru replies.
"There. Get it?" I fire at the driver. Along the drive, we're all silent. At the entrance, there's security with guns. They let us in after learning who we are. The driver gives us a tour, the place is clean and the greens are neat.
"Why don't we visit someone's house?" I suggest.
"We don't look appropriate." Guru rails while Erin inspects his outfit. They're bloody. . .
"Let's go back home." I utter looking out the window. At home, they come in and I wonder when will they go. . . their home or whatever. And Tomy is following us. I just want to ask them about the others and what happened to them but knowing Tomy will rat on me to my father.
"So, you know you're a ghoul now right." Erin points out as we sit on the ground in the garden.
"I'm not a ghoul." I press my eyes glued to the pool as the water wavers with the wind.
"But your dad is a ghoul. Whoa wait, what about your mum? what is she?" Erin goes on. I get up, strolling towards the pool and squat, glaring at my reflection.
"I. . . I don't know." I stutter. I hear a giggle and spin around observing Tomy.
"Oh, the little baby doesn't know." He mocks his tone silvery. I grit my teeth as he marches towards the pool, standing a meter away from me. I peep at his big polished shoes.
"Shut up." I press trying to hold myself from choking him to death as I pull at the grass.
"No seriously, what is your mum? if she's human you can be half ghoul half human right?" Erin prods.
"Maybe, that's why he eats human flesh and human food right, is that it?" Erin goes on. I stand up, walking away passing by Erin glaring.
"Don't bother, she doesn't even know her mum's name." I freeze at my brother's statement, my head hanging.
"She doesn't even know what she looks like." I spin around, my hands in fists. His eyes flick to Erin and he talks to him,
"You know, everyone thinks of eighteen as the special adult age. Too bad Daria's still a baby, the secret is too big for her." Tomy spits. My legs move. Run. My eyes glued on Tomy's. I push at him and he grabs at my arms pulling me down with him. I gasp as cold water wets my face. I scream as my left hand is dragged down. My eyes shut under water. Another arm grabs at my hair and I instantly fire a kick, but it's slow in the water. I kick and punch,
"HAAA." I gasp as my face comes out of the water. My eyes spot Tomy dragging himself out of the water, his black cardigan dripping. I swim to the edge and Erin helps me out.
"You. . . what do you know? is there something I don't know? tell me." I demand, crawling towards him. He laughs again. I pull at the wet scarf around his neck.
"Tell me, please. What do you know about mum? did daddy tell you not to tell? What about the picture he showed us that time?" I proceed. Tomy stares at me, and for a moment I think he'll tell me.
"Stop pleading, idiot." He utters pushing me away. He stands up and walks away.
"You should change, you'll get sick right." Erin puts in. I glance at him.
"Shut up you jerk!" I yell getting up my eyes watering. Guru is still, observing. I go inside shutting the glass door almost breaking. Hoping it broke. I go into my room, pull my diary. I pick the pen and place it on Tomy's. I realize that this's the first time I'm going to write in this section. He was never this mean to me, last year is when he went quiet and stopped telling me secrets. As if the secrets he has are no longer right for me to know.
"AGH!" I throw the book. My gold rabbit lamp falls to the floor and one of the ears break. I place my hand on the bridge of my nose shutting my eyes. I'm fuming with anger and I just want to punch someone!
I sleep. Waking up in the middle of the night. I go down the faintly lighted stairs. My legs heavy and my body shivering, it's really cold. I step into the dark kitchen, my fingers searching for the light on the wall. Finally finding it, I gimps my way to the fridge my head bumping. My eyes search the food inside. I spot watermelon in transparent nylon.
"Trista was eating this in a very disgusting way," I whisper to myself.
"God, I wonder where is everyone." I shut the fridge.
"Why on earth is there no cooked food in this big fridge!" I yell out. I go back, stomping my way on the stairs meaning to wake up everyone. Instead of going to my room I go to my sister's. I knock and walk in.
"Lily?" I call. Her room is empty and the bed is perfectly neat. Her toilet door is wide open as well. I shut the door. I head to Lavina's room and it's empty too. Kate isn't there as well.
"Am' I alone in this house!" I cry stomping at the carpet of the hall that looks like a red snake tongue. I go to my father's office. Go through all the black suitcases, papers, and books. There's nothing about my mother. But I find a suitcase with a pin, they all got pins but this one is locked. Four digits.
"If it's locked, then there must be something inside worth looking at," I whisper to myself shaking the bag. I put it down,
"What are you doing?" I jump at Reeve's voice. I swallow hard observing her. She has the same outfit she wore the day she made me eat flesh. She was outside.
Halting to my feet, I scratch my eyebrow.
"Congratulations." I offer. She stares in silence.
"For uh, coming back to life." I press with a smile. I sweep away as she makes space for me to pass by the door frame.

Guru's P/O/V
The next morning Daria meets us in the salon. Her shoulders hanged as she observes a black vase that looks like a pineapple with an umbrella on top placed near the blue-black golden patterned curtains. Licking at a big spoon full of ice cream from a pink pot in her hand.
"It's seven in the morning for god's sake. What are you eating?" Mr. Kent tells Daria, crossing his feet. She looks his way and smiles,
"I just thought since I'm a ghoul I won't get sick daddy." She mocks her teeth bright. Her lips red as she scoops more ice cream and stuffs her cheeks eye smiling bitterly.
"Just come and sit down, will you? Marry will be here any second." He profanes. Daria does as she's told.
"What were you looking for yesterday in my office?" Her dad shoots another complaint.
"OOh, spy number R.E.E.V.E rat me out. How loyal." Daria places a hand on her heart. Erin giggles. Mr. Kent sighs getting up. He glances at us one last time and leaves.
"I see you guys went shopping." Daria points at our cloths. I don't say anything but the idiot Erin shoot words from that big mouth of his.
"Your father gave them to us actually." He points out brightly fiddling with his mustard coat. Daria places the ice cream cup on the floor.
"He has a nice heart doesn't he." She stresses. Erin peeks at me stroking his neck. I'll let him have it from her, he deserves it. Tomy walks in, sitting in his dad's spot.
"Oh, Guru. It's your bestie! how amazing." She rails clapping. I look away. I'm about to kill her.

Daria's P/O/V
We visit one of the houses in Moor village. We all sit in silence as a young woman serves us coffee. She has no maids and her husband is at work she said. A young boy is sitting on the floor placing puzzle pieces together. He doesn't even look at us once.
"It's so nice to have you here as my gussets." I loom up at the women hazed. I quickly press a smile. She knows my father. . . ughhh.
"The coffee is delicious, isn't Guru?" I press as I watch him holding the cup. His eyes flick around. He nods with a nervous laugh taking a sip.
"What can I do for you." The women rails watching her child who just got up, walking around.
"We're just visiting some houses for some information, we're planning some activities for this village." I elaborate. She nods half listening espying her child. I place my coffee on a small table, pushing myself up the leather sofa making a farting sound. I march towards the kid who's swinging from one foot to another.
"What's his name?" I ask the mother.
"Uh. . . eh, Ray." She stutters.
"Does he attend a normal school?" I ask her squatting looking at the boy in the face. He doesn't meet my eyes. Definitely autism.
"Huh?" She utters. I point at the puzzle he was doing.
"Even with his sickness, he made the puzzle." I point out. The women observe the puzzle rubbing her hands together.
"Yes he attends normal school but the teacher there is professional in his sickness." She informs me.
"Is it alright if you give me the address of this school?" I ask her. After a while, we leave. Visiting another house, Tred family. The parents' seem tense and their only daughter was in her room and we didn't get to see her.
"Did you do research on everyone in that village?" I ask Marry. She nods handing me a thick sky blue file. Every family is in a neat transparent plastic sheet. I look through the kid's school names.
"How come all the children go to the same two schools?" I ask Marry.
"There are ninety-nine houses and they all pick the same school for their kids?" I proceed.
"I don't know why that is." Smiling Marry answers me her voice even. I take a green note paper and scribe the two school names. Carousel ponies school and YBR college.
"We'll visit both of them tomorrow," I announce, Erin nods. My eyes flick to Tomy and Guru who doesn't seem interested. In the middle of the night, I sweep to the kitchen. I don't eat through the day anymore. I just can't bring myself to eat with my family around. I asked Florence the maid to cook something and pack it in pots. I eat a nippy fried chicken with a glace of water.





DACTYLOGRAM

Chapter 34

Daria's P/O/V
Carousel Ponies school is for kids aged five to twelve basically. We take the school tour, there are piano class and a huge swimming pool for the students. Also, the cafeteria's tables are covered in sheets with colourful rainbow seats.
"This's the number one rated school in Gulyabani City." The tour guide teacher points out pressing a smile that's about to snap.
Back in the car, I ditch the idea of visiting the college. I ask Marry to find us a normal ratted school. Like in seventh or eighth place. Since I never attended school I don't know the difference. But I learned it. The school we visit simply has nothing. Just classes with around forty students per class. The cafeteria is so-so and the swimming pool is as small as my thumb.
"The Carousel ponies school is private and that one was public." Marry points out scribing in her black notebook.
"Well yes, since they're rich they put them in private school." I rail observing YBR college. I place my feet on the glove box and they slide down, gazing as young teens my age walk out of the front gates of the college. A girl hops into a car her bag crushed beside her shoulder, filled with shiny key chains.
The day afterward we visit the college. The floors are made of wood which surprises me and the class number signs attached up high from the class doors, which are glass and slides.
"They break often but it's the college's rule for glass doors." The principal proceeds as we walk down the halls. My eyes scan the classrooms as we glide through. There aren't more than twenty students. I excuse myself to the toilet.
Adjusting my outfit at the reflection of mirrors I hear something tumble on the floor. I spin around silent. There's no one. Am' I hallucinating again? A hand lashes out from underneath a stall and go right and left sweeping the floor. I spot a small pink item. Oh, she's trying to reach it. . . I walk up kneeling down. I lift it and knock on the stall milky door.
"Here, I have it," I call out. It's quite.
"Ju . . . just push it from underneath." A wobbly voice calls out. I squat down, my limb ready to shove it. I inspect my hand, my heart jolting at the sight of blood even though I saw it a dozen times this month. I release it and it stumbles on the white reflecting floor. I look up at the stall. I hear high heels tap.
"Daria. What's taking you so long?" Marry echoes. I point at the stall.
"Something is going on in there." I rail standing up. I point at the pink item which is a mini knife.
After calling the principal and other teachers, they tap at the door. One of the women teachers go into the stall next to it and stand tall on the toilet, espying the closed stall from the top. Eventually, the door opens. A girl that I'm sure I saw her face in the profiles Marry made.
"What were you doing with a knife!?" One of the teachers demands, chucking the pink knife at her face. The girl looks away, her hair in low two ponytails. One hand placed on the other. The teacher grabs her hand and she yells. They pull at her sleeve. . . there are raw cuts on her wrist. Self-harm.
"That's Jenny Ted." Marry whispers in my ear. I glance at her, eyes wide realizing she's the one who we didn't get to meet.
"Why are you doing this to yourself!? If you have problems you should talk to us about it!" The teacher scream at her. I title my head towards the door for Marry to follow me out.
"It's fashion!" The girl bellows. I freeze, glancing back at her.
"I do it for fashion! That's all!" She proceeds. With that, I sneak out.
"Fashion? Is that thing sort of fashion?" I ask pushing the air vent up and down as the car picks up speed at the sight of green light.
"Depression, self harm, suicide are icons this month." Marry informs me. I twirl in my seat staring at her.
"Icon? This month?" I whisper my throat dry. She nods.
"Every month there's something as being famous or trending. This month it's self harm and depression. . . " She echoes. I nod.
"Wow." I hear myself say. Fashion. . . so they go by fashion and trends.
We go back home, sit in the garden. . . well Marry stands tall her heels digging into the grass.
"Is my father home? I need to ask him something." I stand up asking Marry. She nods. I go inside to my father's office. I find him signing some papers.
"Yes?" He prods unwelcoming, his eyes following his pen.
"Daddy, I saw some site construction plans while going through your stuff the other day." I rail as he glares up at my hands as I crack them. I stop and he looks up at my face.
"And?" He adds sternly.
"What is it? I didn't take a good look. It's something related to my mission thing." My voice soothing my heart. He sighs sliding his glasses off his shiny nose.
"It's a complex site, something I'm working on." He declares. I clap once and he blinks leaning back.
"Are you serious!?" I cry rubbing at my temple.
"Show me it. Please, I need to see it." I run on marching towards his desk. He begins pulling at some files in the far right to him. He slides one out, opening it scanning it with his glasses on. He hands it to me. I snatch it, scanning the writing. Flipping pages, I find the site.
"This's perfect!" I run on my voice vibrant.
"Would you tell me what is it?" My father demands. I glance up and he searches my face.
"Thanks." I gaud taking the file gliding away giggling. I race my way through the halls and zip down the stairs taking the one closest to me. Sliding the garden glass roughly I jump into the grass.
"Hey guys!" I call. They look up, Marry stands up tall stepping away from the metal chair smoothing her skirt.
"How long do we have again?" I ask kneeling on the ground placing the file in front of me. I flick at the papers, some scatter away and I pull them back in line
.
"Two months I think." Erin hollers squatting beside me. I back away at his loudness. He grins when I glance up at him. My eyes sway down and search.
"Oh, one week. . ." I echo looking up.
"After one week." I whisper. I sigh. I have a whole two months he said but this will be the best for father. I scratch my upper lip.
"Look, daddy is one of the investors in this complex, it's a luxury living site. It also has its own hotel and nearby schools. We can get all the ninety-nine families to go there. We'll make it popular and the new icon. It'll be perfect." I remark.
"Icon? What is this about?" Marry rails.
"But daddy said I need to get it done in two months. And the site will start selling apartments in just one week time." I imply staring down.
"Tell that to your dad, he might let you move them out earlier." Erin offers.
"It's stupid." Guru implies. I stare up,
"What? Stupid? How is that stupid?" I retort standing up. I glare at him and he plasters a grin as sharp as the knife I want to dig into his guts.
"How are you going to make them move out so quick?" Marry speaks up.
"Like I said. Make it an icon." I imply, placing another glare at Guru.
"Icon? I was talking about teenagers in the car. It won't work on them." Marry proceeds.
"No, it will. The families are living in expensive houses, putting their children in private schools. Can't you see that they are competing with each other?" I rail.
"It's fashion. Just like the girl said. Self-harming, private schools, piano lessons. All that is fashion and they compete." I remark my chest drumming.
"So I'll ask daddy to give me the permission to act quicker," I allege. I spin around stepping into the house.
"Ask your daddy for some other sixteen-year-olds to help you out." Guru calls. I glance back.
"I'm not helping with your idiotic plan." He proceeds.
"I'm glad you volunteered. Saved yourself the humiliation of being dumped from my team." I rail. Spinning on my heels I go up.
"I can't grant you that." My father stresses.
"Why not? Don't you like the plan?" I hear my wheezy voice echo.
"It's not that, we need it after two months. Not anytime sooner, We already made a contract, we can't go back." My dad rails.
"The ones who made the contract with me won't benefit as much as me because they're not investing in this new complex." He proceeds. I place my hand on my forehead pushing up my bangs. Now, what!?
"Why can't you have it emptied earlier? what harm can it do?" I run on.
"We can't have that place emptied before we can start working on it. Someone else might take the opportunity and fill in our gap. We can't have that." My father elaborates so little.
I go up to my room, I try to relax by taking a bath. I think, think, think and think.




DNA

Chapter 35

Mr Kent's P/O/V
"Since we're all gathered here, I would like to note something about Daria." I announce all members staring at me in silence.
"I'm sure Daria is capable of doing what we want but, I'm also sure she won't do it. We hoped she wouldn't be like her parents but looks like DNA in her veins is the same no matter what." I proceed.
"Mr Kent, Daria is like a mathematical formula, she grew up in your house so she needs to follow the formula you placed upon her. There's no way it can change. It's like the law of the universe." Mr. Bruffle interrupts.
"It's a formula indeed. Rebels equal rebels, we can't change that." I stress. I hear huffs and groans around the room.
"So, just in case my vision is right, we need to find another chamber to place her in. So we can still benefit and not get any losses." I suggest.
"That's easy, we shall place her with the rebels and turn her against them." Another member suggest.
"She would be too hard to monitor her I believe." I say. I know Daria won't be that obedient.
"Then we shall place her in someone else's hands. Someone better at monitoring her." Mr Bruffle fires at me.
"I agree, let you have her for a while." I place foot on top of another. I know it will be a disaster. 
"I know a good candidate." Mr Bruffle prods smirking. Obviously he's choosing. . . 
"Pris, my son." He announces.
"Yes, but remember. I said in case. Let's wait and see." I press.




CUMBERSOME

Chapter 36

Daria's P/O/V
I'm sitting on my bed braiding my hair. It's past midnight and I'm starving, I didn't have lunch nor dinner. After finishing my braid and tie it with a yellow elastic hair band, I leave my room in wide milky brown flower patterned pyjama trousers that cover my feet with a faded green long sleeves shirt. I head down to the basement, I was told that Erin and Guru were staying down there. Passing by the hall and the kitchen, I take the stairs down. I stand still confused. There are five bedrooms, one for the maids and others empty all the time. I'm not sure which one they're staying in. I go and knock on the one nearest to the stairs and find Guru there.
"What are you still doing here?" I hiss as he rests on the door frame comfortably, same as when he prisoned me that day in his own basement.
"What do you want?" He replies folding his arms. I take a deep breath to calm myself. I hate how he thinks this's his place and he's not at any disadvantage. If I didn't need him now I would have just got rid of him.
"Do you know where is Erin's room?" I whisper gesturing at the rooms behind me.
"This's your house, not mine." He shoots. I grit my teeth crunching my hands into fists.
"It's that one." He points to the one on my left.
"Okay, come," I tell him. I knock on Erin's door. He opens after a few seconds his eyes puffy. He was sleeping.
"Hi, we need to talk," I tell him eyeing Guru at the same time. He moves out of the way to let us in but I stay in place.
"I've got a plan." I brush my bangs out of my eyes. Guru sighs.
"Wow, another one. Majestic." He says. I stare at him,
"Majestic? really?" I sigh at how stupid his words sound.
"Look, I know it's late but I can't say this in the morning while Marry and my brother listen to us and tell my father. So I thought of something, the site that my father is working on will be finished in one week but I need it to finish after two months to get the people from Moor village to the new site." I elaborate.
"How will you do that? use a time machine?" Guru whispers.
"What? no, just listen. We're going to the site and do some changes, break this and that, to save time." I smile nodding. They keep quite.
"Break? what are we going to break?" Erin asks.
"Anything, do you guys think the three of us can do some damage?" I ask them placing my fist forward.
"Can't you come up with another plan? Why go through all the fuss?" Guru asks.
"Destroying everything seems like the best option." I let out trying to peel the dead skin off my lips.
"Then we can ask more ghouls to come with us," Erin suggests and Guru glares at him.
"That would be even better." I point. They'll bring Selja and the others?
"When do you want to do it?" Guru asks his voice heavy meeting my eyes.
"Tomorrow night, at midnight. Remember, don't mention this to anyone in this house." I warn, already leaving.
All morning we visit the village again and we study the site even better, that we know where everything is placed, none of us three talked about the destroying we're going to do this night.
At midnight, I meet Guru outside the house in the darkness.
"Where's Erin?" I ask him putting on my hood to hide my face.
"He's already at the site," Guru says starting to walk down the monticule. I follow him looking back at my house just in case someone sees us.
Guru takes me there, of course, I stayed focused. Just in case he decides to take me somewhere else, I memorized the way to the site. All way long my back itched because of the position I placed my knife. . . you never know what will happen.
When we get there, we meet a group of ghouls and their wave didn't hit me that bad since I came prepared, wearing a mask. I look up at the site ahead of us. It's so bright with blue lights within. . . I spot a dragline moving.
"Why is that dragline moving?" I below looking at Guru. He looks ahead, eyes searching not sure what I'm talking about.
"It's supposed to be empty. Why is it moving? is the site not empty of people?" I ask my voice a shrill.
"I. . . don't know. I have no idea how this city works." He rails. I slap at my thighs letting out a loud breath.
"We're unprepared! Aghh! We don't have much time. . . " I rail shaking my head while everyone is silent. I glance at the ghouls as they wait. I brought them all the way here. . .
"Look, let's just do it. Who cares if they see us. Just cover your faces, everyone. Especially you Guru. My father will recognize us both if we're filmed." I below. Guru already has a hat on and he brings some of his long hair forward from the sides.
"Everyone, do as I told you." Guru rails picking a black back bag from one of the ghouls and hands a green one towards me. I take it and hung it on my back like everyone else.
"Why is this thing so heavy?" I complain, the bag heaving me down.
"Let's go, everybody, spread." Guru calls stretching his hand towards me, the orange road light casts on us.
"Let's go." He says calmly, almost sounding like the first time I met him. Funny and helpful. I don't take his hand, moving forward to be at the same pace I hear him huff. We climb a fence to the other side of the site. Guru climbs up, his dark blue red stripped trainers digging at the chicken wire with his back bag on, landing on his feet. I do the same as him, my hands scratch all over the wire as I try to support myself. By the time I get down, sweat trickles down my back and I try to keep my breath low and quite like Guru.
"What's in this bag?" I ask him as we step away towards a completed constructed building.

Guru's P/O/V
"What? is it too heavy for you? you want me to pick it up?" I rail not answering her question. It's better if she won't know so much about them. She NO's at me and I laugh to mock her, that way she doesn't ask about it the third time. We walk towards the building, no one in sight just like how we planned.
"How come there's no one here?" Daria asks her voice low sounding discouraged and somewhat disappointed. She's a question machine!
"Can't you see? The construction is finished here." I run on as we go into the building.

Daria's P/O/V
We march in, no doors are attached and some of the walls aren't even painted. To my surprise, Guru heads for the lift.
"Is it working?" I ask him and he nods not meeting my eyes, his fingers slapping at his thighs slowly. The elevator rings as the doors partially open. Guru marches in and I follow.

Guru's P/O/V
I press the button to the last floor. Roof. I look at Daria in order to study her, I hate how I can't sense anything about her. As if she's a ghost. I spot her peeking at the buttons.
"Roof?" She rails looking ahead of her and I nod. The mask she has on slightly widens up, is she going to say something? her eyes narrow at me and she stares for what feels like five minutes. I think she might know something. . . a loud noise of the elevator motor lashes out, I glance at Daria as I feel the elevator stop moving. It's not going up nor down.
"Did it stop?" Daria asks her voice with an edge to it, somewhat not sounding surprised. I press at the last floor, scanning the elevator. Nothing.
"Press at something." She urges now sounding panicky. I do. Press at every single floor.
"It's not working!" I growl making Daria jump back. Did Mr. Kent plan this? why would he?
"Bloody hell!" I retort slamming my hands on the metal surface.
"Why swearing? calm down." I hear Daria say calmly. I ignore her, pushing all the buttons trying to get the elevator to move again. Stuck!!! not part of the plan! Did Mr. Kent realize my goals? knew what I was doing? and did this to come back at me? or is it just coincidence?
"Looks like we'll be here for a while." Daria cajoles resting back squeezing her back bag.
"Don't!!" I retort pulling at her arm to stand straight. I take off the bag down my shoulders and pull furiously at my heavy jacket throwing it on the floor. I kneel down clutching the bag, starting to sweat. I glance to the right eyeing Daria's white shoes. I hope she can't hear the countdown ticking off inside our bags. For the first time, I'm actually glad she's not a ghoul and can't hear as good as me.
"You don't have a walkie-talkie? please tell me you do, It's so hot in here." Daria rails putting her bag down and waving around her face. No, of course, I don't have that damn device. I stand up, standing before the doors. I place my fingers in between as much as I can, my teeth gritting. I push them apart, but concrete meets my eyes. I punch at it and yell.
"Guru just calm down, we can open that shaft up there for air. We won't suffocate." She points out. Who cares about air now! I look up at the ceiling, it's too far up. I jump trying to reach it.
"STOP! are you crazy!?" Daria bellows grabbing hold of me, eyes wide.
"You said we can open it." I elaborate stretching my warm-hot toes in my shoes.
"Yeah but not jump! you can get it to snap and we'll fall to our death!" She tells me letting go of my arm taking off her hood. She pulls up her sleeves,
"Push me up." She points up. I stare at her.
"Come on, kneel down and I'll step on your back. I can reach it that way without making the elevator shake."
I kneel down eyeing the bags. I hope we can run out from up there. She steps up shaking trying to balance herself. I hear some tick ticks coming from the bags and sweat drippes off my forehead.
"I got it!" Daria hollers. I twist up trying to see and Daria looses her balance falling down. She doesn't say anything but moans grabbing at her back. She fell on the green bag. I swallow.
"Sorry." I apologies looking up at the ceiling. The square hole is big enough to get out from.
"Look, we. . . " I go silent as the lights go off. BULL SPIT, just what we need.
"Good, so bloody good." I cajole putting my hands on my hips. Sudden green light lights up. I look to my left meeting Daria's eyes lighted with a green stick below in her hands. She glares at me for a second and I keep quiet. Did she and Mr. Kent plan for this? trap me? see what I'll do? I let out a breath as they soften.
"I'm always ready." She winks at me.
"We need to go up, we need to leave this elevator," I urge.
"Kneel down and I'll go up then pull you out." She suggests. I agree, not because I trust she'll haul me up, but I know she won't be able to push me up and if I suggest it, it'll be obvious that I'm in a hurry. She gives me the light stick and I glance once more at the buttons and push them just in case they might work. No luck. I kneel down, the light in my hand waving it upwards so we can both see. It takes her a few jumps on my back until she grabs at the opening. I stand up as she pulls herself up. I place the light between my teeth and stretch out my arms up. Her cold hands clutch at my arms and begin to pull me up. If not for the elevator, I would have just jumped. Placing both her legs at the end of the square and pulling for more than a minute, she pulls me up. I stand tall on the floor hearing Daria's loud breathes.
"Quickly, we need to climb up." I rail flashing the light up trying to see how further up are the door to the next floor. I can't see it.
"What? climb? you mean the wire?" She lets out, out of breath as she stands up clutching the wire with both arms.
"Yes, now. You go first." I tell her. She shakes her head.
"No way I'm going up, I might ski down and fall." She tugs at her bangs.
"Look, everything around us can kill you, including me. Trust me, the fall would be less worse than anything else. Besides, I'll be below you, if you ski down I'll be able to stop you going down." I try to convince her.
"Oh, okay. Promise you'll grab me." She says. Her and this promise dart. I nod. I give her the light and she spins around facing forward that I can no longer see. She begins to climb, when I see the green stick is further up, I heave myself on the wire and climb up as fast as I can to get away from the elevator. Anytime soon they might tick off. After a few minutes of snailing up, I make contact with Daria's shoes.
"Faster." I press.
"I can't. . . I see the doors though. Less than a meter away you know." She informs me. I try to look up, and I spot them.
"Can you jump towards it?" She goes further up and I leave some space for her to make her jump towards the door.
"If I fall I'll kill you." I hear her say. I lean out ready to grab her if she falls. The wire shakes as she moves back and forth, making me not sure if I'll survive her jump. I shake as she makes her jump. I hear a scream as I watch the green light falling towards me, her grabbing it. I quickly grab at the fast shape I see and hold tight.
"Ahhehh." She moans holding at my arm. With the light towards my arm, I realize Daria has the greenback bag on. . . and I'm grabbing hold of it.
"Why do you have this bag with you!!!?" I holler, lashing her legs at the wire trying to hold on but she keeps dangling.
"What do you mean? you said we need it. . . I can't. . ."
"No, I didn't say that you idiot!" I yell.
"Take it off, now!" I shake her to get her out of the bag.
"NO! Stop! I'm going to fall!" She pleads her hands squeezing my arm. Then I hear it. And I know Daria can too because she grows quite looking up at me. I swallow. Should I just let go of her and go up to safety. . . but my mission will be. . .
"Guru? what was that beep?" She finally asks me. Should I just say it was an accident? It beeps twice again.
"It's coming from the back bag. Did you hear it." She goes on. Her dad will just get rid of me then. I'll break my leg to show him that I almost died too. . . but my mission. . . I know this won't kill her. . .
"Why. . ."
"I'm sorry, this's going to hurt. . ." I press staring at her eyes my finger untying from her arm.
"What's going to hurt?" She asks her voice even and calm making me nervous.
BEEP BEEPBEEPBEEP!
I let her arm free but her fingers are tight around mine. She screams as I try to pull free clasping her other hand around my arm. I wiggle my arm once and I feel as her fingers slide down brushing away. I grab hold of it. She gulps in, battering her eyelashes at me.
"Have you ever wondered why your father said your mother loves yellow?" Her lips slightly grow ajar and before she has the time to utter a word, I let her go and I might never forget the look she has on her face.
As her scream grows further I lightly pull myself up on the wire. . . TRUMP! I jump towards the doors with the cue of Daria's body colliding with the elevator.




REDINTERATE

Chapter 37

Erin's P/O/V
"Everybody leave! Now!" I order. I watch as everyone spreads, I turn around and run back to the site. We all agreed to meet at this point after placing the bombs. Except nor Guru or Daria showed up, and I'm sure Guru told all of us to meet here. I make a run to the only building I can smell a ghoul from. . . I stop. I'm sure any second now the bombs will go off. If one of them placed a bomb in this one, I'll die if I go in now. It's too late.
"Guru!" I call out backing away from the entrance. . . it's too calm. Maybe they didn't put one there. . . but I smell a ghoul. Must be Guru since Daria doesn't smell like nothing.
"Erin! run!" I look up at the sudden call. Guru dangling from a window. He jumps down landing on his feet then stumbling back. Scattering himself up, he comes my way. Grabbing at my jumper he pulls me away and we run together.
BOOM!
A bomb goes off. After making a distance we stop taking in deep breaths, watching as the building plops out some rocks and breaths out some smoke and fire.
"You didn't come to the meet point so I thought of checking this building," I tell him watching him kneel down placing his hands on his knees.
"Let's go look for Daria, she didn't come to the meet point as well," I suggest. He slowly shakes his head.
"Come on! We can't stay here. Soon people will pop out and Daria would be in trouble. She doesn't know the way back does she?" I run on.
"No!" I jump. I want to punch him right now! Suddenly screaming in my face. . .
"We're in trouble Erin. . . she was with me, didn't I tell you I'll be with her you whifle?!" He hollers standing up straight. I shake my head.
"If she was with you, where is she now?" I ask him my heart racing the way children did back behind the walls.
"We got stuck in the elevator with the bombs, it got complicated and I had to run out." He rails looking at the building as the fire blazes.
"Guru. . . " He glances at me already knowing what I'm going to say.
"You left her?. . . how could you?" My words are calm but my mind isn't. He takes a few seconds to answer me, and I plan his death twenty times.
"It got complicated okay. Somehow she had the backpack on her that contained the bomb and I had to get away. . . I let her fall down all the way so I'm sure she blacked out before the bombs went off." He explains this so easily as if he cut a strand of his hair by accident.
"But I had a feeling she had done it on purpose, which frightens me the most. . ."
"You talking like. . . do you really think she would survive all of that? Doesn't she need to be changed first to be that strong?" I ask him my voice pressing at each word as I grit my teeth.
"I. . . said something that should have triggered her before I let go of her. . . I hope it did. I think her dad had something to do with the elevator, he told me to take her to that building exactly, don't you think it was on purpose?" He proceeds.
"We're in trouble! He told you to give her a scare only! Not kill her!" I below. He looks up at me,
"Now, come on. Break as much as you can." He announces spreading his arms standing across me.

Daria's P/O/V
My eyelids are heaaavyy. . . ria. . . dairia. . .dyria? sobedy is whispering in my ear. . . ugh. . . why are they saying dyria?. . . sell. . . dad we tochour. . . what is this person saying?? So annoying. . . trying to sleep and they're preventing me from having a rest. . . Awful people.
"Daria! Honey! She's awake!?" I hear a man's voice. . . oh, daddy. I push my eyes open. I see. . . Guru staring down eyes wide backing away from me.
"Daria! You're awake!" Father is leaning over my face, his eyes filling with tears. . . why is he crying? Are these tears for me? He never cries for me. . . I push myself up. . . My head is so heavy as if a rock is placed on top and my belly is crushing like eggshells. . . My father takes a seat to my left brushing at his face. The sickness room. . . I'm at home. Of course, where would I be? My brother Tomy, Erin and Reeve are here too. I glance up at Guru as I feel his stare casted on me. He swallows pressing a smile matching them with his sharp unsteady eyes, looking from my dad towards me.
"Daria. Can you remember where were you the last time you were conscious?" I glance at my father, his tight suspicious eyes return back to his face. Everybody is quite and I keep my eyes still. I nod calmly placing my hair behind my right ear.
"Tell me where." His voice is calm and cold, yet demanding combined with his squinty suspicious eyes. I stroke my throat pointing at Guru.
"He. . . knows." I whisper my tone coming out harsh and dim, just how I wanted it to sound like. . . I never felt so evil before. . . faking my throat pain in front of four people. I might be turning into a bad person. My father sighs.
"Yes, he told me you were together." I nod twice, but he still studies my face. I know he's trying to compare what Guru must have told him and what I'm going to tell him. I get a feeling. . . my stomach. I wince as I feel a wave of liquid coming up. I don't control myself as I twist around facing my father and let it all out. . . on him. He jumps up and I almost burst out with laughter at my actions.
"You need to wash it off!" Tomey bellows opening the room door. My father rushes out tugging at his suit shrieking. It's not that bad. . .
"What happened?" I ask Guru still trying to sound sick. I get up and take a white towel that laid on the white table beside the sick bed.
"Remember as we walked downtown and you told me you weren't feeling well?" Guru implies his voice even. I wipe off the blood on my jaw and realize it hurts.
"Yeah, I do. . . did I pass out?" I push through the lies glaring at Tomy.
"Yeah and. . . " Tomy lashes out cutting Guru's lies.
"You did that on purpose didn't you!?" He yells at me. I throw away the smeared towel on the bed and glance at Reeve as she leaves, lips tight.
"Done what?" I press folding my arms smiling at him, at least I can make him a bit angry.
"Don't play WHAT with me! Why did you throw up on dad? It was on purpose." He rails.
"So? You could've walked out of here so I won't smell you. But you stayed here on purpose. And if you don't leave, I'll have another casted upon you." I spit.
"YOU. . . just wait." He points at me leaving the room. I wait a few seconds before facing Guru.
"Golly, I thought he would never leave." I smile at Guru's tight cheeks. He hadn't moved from his spot up to now.
"Oh yeah, why were we walking around the city again?" I ask him. He keeps ogling at my face, his chest like a balloon, up. . . down.
"You said you weren't able to sleep and asked for a company going down the city. We both got hit by a lorry." He implies. Wow, the worst story made up ever. I don't say that out loud though, he might break down.
"Okay, I get it. Now tell me, did everything go according to plan? The site?" I whisper. Guru nods.
"Are you feeling okay? You've been out of this world for four days." Erin asks walking towards me. I smile,
"Yeah, like nothing ever happened." I imply giving Guru a glance. I leave the room. Hopping up to the second floor into my bedroom. I pull at the white gown I'm wearing and examining myself. I'm perfectly fine, not a scratch. Looking up at my closed window I remember falling down the wire. . . Guru saying something about my mother. . . I do remember the pain as I collided with the elevator, nothing after that.
I change and go talk to my father. I find him in the office, pulling at some papers, his eyebrows meeting in the middle glancing up once at me.
"I will continue with my mission from today daddy." My father stops fiddling with his papers. He places both arms before him tangling his fingers together.
"Your plan is a good idea." He implies. I stare back,
"What plan?" I ask him my voice calm.
"Moving the people to the complex site." He tells me what I already know.
"What? But you said. . . one week?" I cajole trying to sound oblivious.
"Something happened to the site, so you have three months." He stands up, I smile a little. He comes towards me, placing a hand on my shoulder. I suppress myself to hold my breath so I won't smell him.
"But, I dare you to succeed." He smiles leaving. I twist around watching him slip out the door. He thinks that would make me more motivated? Huh. . .

Erin's P/O/V
We get a meal offered by Reeve, no matter how humiliated I am to eat flesh I don't know where it came from, it's better than me hunting it and dealing with my reaction on the street.
Leaning down beside the bed, clasping my hand over my lips to shut my screams. . . I hear a knock.
"Erin?" Daria calls. I look up at the door, I didn't turn the key. Gritting my teeth I crawl to the door. Another knock. I open my mouth to tell her to go but a scream escapes as pain lashes at my heart.
"AHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!! AHGGGGGGGG!" My knees shake.
"Erin?! Are you okay? What's going on?" I hear her voice panicky which makes me want to laugh at this moment. I dare not to release my grip from my mouth as tears drop on the beige carpet beneath me. I lay down as I blurrily watch the door handle twist.
"I'm coming in okay!" Daria calls. I just lay there, hoping the ground would swallow me up.

Daria's P/O/V
I push open the door my eyes searching. I spot Erin on the floor. Hand gripping his chest, the other over his mouth.
"Oh my god! What's wrong with you!?" I run towards him leaning down.
"Your chest? Are you unable to breathe!?" I grab his hand over his chest to see what's hurting. He pushes me away screaming. Falling back, I stare at him. . .
"GET OUT!!" He raves like an animal. Tears streaming down his face. Ghouls cry? wait, my father just did this morning. I stand up quickly watching him. . . bit of blood staining his grey long sleeves shirt. I turn around, running out and up the stairs. Grabbing at the railing, my hair blinding my view and my flip flops shouting as I go up. I zip to my father's office lashing open the door. He's not there. I cajole towards the desk and pick up the home phone. I bring my finger forward to dial the number, I'm shaking. I strike at the numbers. I only remember using this phone twice. . .
"Hello!?" I call as I hear the beeping stop.
"Oh yes, hello Daria." My doctor's silvery tone answers me.
"You need to come! Erin is in a bad condition, he's having what Tomy had five months ago!" I yell into the phone as I remember finding him outside my room door.
"Erin? Who's that?" He asks caring for who he is more than what's happening to him.
"Just come! He's having a heart attack! He could barely move and was having chest pain!" I elaborate pushing my hair out of sight.
"Okay, I'm coming." I slam the phone down and run down the stairs. I see no one in sight. Arriving at the basement, I find Guru out of his room walking towards Erin's.
"Go back up! Now!" He orders me pointing at the ceiling.
"What!? The doctor i. .s coming now!" I call as he goes in the room and shuts the door. I stand there waiting for something to happen. . . nothing. Do I just go up? Turning around and taking a few steps up. . .
DING DONG. . . DING DONG.
"The doctor is here!!" I yell for Guru and Erin to hear me. Running up, I watch him casually walk in with his bag.
"Where is he?" He asks me. Hair laid back like always with extra gel for shine.
"Down in the basement!" I motion for him to follow me as I jump down the stairs. I show him the room and he goes in shutting the door too quick for me to see anything.

Guru's P/O/V
The man who was watching over Daria the past few days walks in. Throwing his case on the floor he shakes his head glaring at Erin and wiping his face with both hands. He's a ghoul so I don't need to explain.
"Let's wait here five minutes. We'll tell Daria it was a heart attack okay?!" He presses. I grit my teeth looking away in order to calm my anger. If not for the plan I would have killed them all. Erin groans standing up, walking towards the bathroom without looking up.
"This won't happen again I hope." The man says after a while. He looks down at his wrist,
"Four minutes, about enough I should say." He flashes me a skinny lipped smile opening the door. He leaves. I walk towards the bathroom. I stand against the door frame and watch as Erin wipe his face with his shirt.
"Wash your face will you." I press crossing my arms. He opens his mouth to say something but Daria's voice speaks instead.
"Guys?" Her shoes flip against her feet.
"Take your shirt off!" I hiss. He quickly does as she places her hand on my shoulder. I turn around,
"Is he okay? What happ. . . " I move away so she can get the perfect view.
"He's fine. It was a heart attack, not a very strong one." I tell her trying to smile but fail. She glances at him for a second then back at me.
"Okay. . . " She hisses and walks away. She stands at the door frame.
"I'm going to have lunch now, when everything is good with you guys come up. I wanna talk about something. I'll be in the kitchen." I nod and she finally leaves.
"Next time, we're eating outside!" I press glaring at Erin.
"She walked in! I've done nothing wrong!" He tries to defend himself stepping forward. I grab at his wrist,
"I heard that scream Erin, everytime you do something wrong! Can't you just not exist for a tiny second and do no damage!?" I profane looking into his dark brown eyes, white hair slicing at them.
"What about you huh!? You killed her! It doesn't matter she's back. You still killed her." I wince swallowing.
"I did that to save the mission. If I'm gone it's all gone." I tell him pressing at his arm.
"No Guru, that's just an excuse. And unless you were about to die and wanted to save yourself for the sake of the mission then don't worry. Just die in peace. I'll continue it." I let go of his arm and punch hard, my fist drooling into his stomach. He falls to the right clenching at his belly.
"Daria caring about your miserable life has given you a bit of feathers to fly with, I see. Don't cross your boundaries or you're dead." I warn leaving.
"Put on a clean shirt and come upstairs. Let's see what the yuppie wants to do." I call shutting the door behind me.

Daria's P/O/V
Sitting on a high chair, with my elbows on the cold brown kitchen counter, I shove in a mouthful of rice. I slice the peachy orange salmon with my forge and pick it up. Guru walks up past me and takes a seat in front of me. I didn't think they would come so quickly. Now I won't be able to eat with his odor. I back away, my elbows hovering as I shove in the salmon. My nose tickles. Erin strides past me and sits next to me to my right. I place down my forge and take the napkin covering my nose. . .
ATCHOO!
I quickly wipe it off my upper lips. And hold it for a minute against my nostrils until the bleeding stops.
"Sorry." Erin apologies. I shake my head. It stops and I continue shoving the food, finishing the whole salmon piece and the rice grains. With the last mouthful, I drink up my juice and realise Erin staring. I get up as they stare down in silence. I take the lemon juice from the fridge and pour into two cups. Placing back the juice in the fridge, I take the cups and hand one to each one of them. Erin's eyes swipe from mine to the juice, I nod my head and he takes it in his hand.
"What's this?" Guru presses with a giggle of mockery. I take my chair,
"It's juice. Try it." I tell him. He sighs as Erin drinks it up. I place the napkin over my nose and breath in from my mouth. I raise an eyebrow at Guru as he takes the juice and drinks up.
"This tastes amazing!" Erin bellows putting the cup back down empty. Guru drinks up to half before placing it back on the counter.
"Don't exaggerate, it's fine." He states. I role my eyes giggling at how he tries to hide his like towards it.
"Anyways, what did you want to talk about." Guru profanes pushing away the cup ogling at it.
"Oh, I just wanted to say that our plan worked. Daddy has told me I can move the people to that complex, so that's all left for us to do." I tell them taking Guru's cup and giving it to Erin to finish but Guru takes it back glaring at Erin.
"And how do you wanna do that?" He asks me.
"We'll make it awesome, the new icon." I say.
"We're going to use media." I proceed.




FOSSICK

Chapter 38

Daria's P/O/V
I knock faintly on the door. I hear my father calling for me to come in. I open the door and march towards him.
"Yes?" He asks wrathful as if I'm too much of a bother, something annoying. His lips pressing and eyebrows touching.
"Daddy, I want a phone," I ask. I want to use it for my mission, look into media and learn more about it. He stares for a second,
"Why? Marry has one, use hers." I roll my eyes. Always why why.
"I just need it okay. And Marry doesn't want, she thinks my plan is too. . . stupid." I elaborate crossing my arms.
"Then maybe it is." My dad fires sternly.
"Then maybe you should have asked her to do it for you. Suits me." I turn around my cheeks hot.
"You signed the paper." He implies as I pull open the door. I shrug leaving, shutting the door behind me.
"Why doesn't he want to give you one?" Erin asks. Walking away with them both I shrug. They waited for me out here.
"What paper was he talking about?" Guru asks me. I stop in my tracks glancing towards him.
"It was to save you all back with the rebellions, I signed accepting to work on this mission in exchange. But what most can he do if I refuse anyways?" I mock. Guru glances at Erin for a brief second swallowing.
"What is it?" I ask him. He pushes his hair back smiling.
"If he brings up the papers then it should be something interesting." He implies. We march forward walking down the stairs.
"Well, I don't know. I don't care." I announce.
"Yet another thing you don't know about." I look up at my brothers face.
Tomy's P/O/V
Daria ogles at me, nose flaring. She looks away walking past me, Erin and Guru following.
"Daria," I call and she stops, not looking at me.
"Can we talk?" I ask her looking away when she glances at me.
"Outside?" I imply leaving hoping she's coming behind me. Thankfully I hear her footsteps when I open the front door. I look around at the garden while she catches up.
"Do you remember that one time we both planned to escape through this front door?" I tell her. I face her and find her snarling back.
"It's not we, that isn't you anymore." She spits calmly crossing her arms. I swallow trying to calm my mind. I march forward,
"Let's go for a walk." We walk out of the house and stare down at Gulbiyana City. The bright sun rays have zero effect to liven the dark city.
"What was your first thought when you first saw the city from up here?" I ask her. I get a silent treatment so I try to get a glimpse of her face. She's looking dead ahead as the breeze lashes her multi razored hair on her face.
"I was disappointed, to be honest. But thought it was a better view than the walls I looked at for hours back in there." She implies brushing her hair out of her face.
"Me too. Just I had the thought of it being a better view than everyone's faces back home." I tell her. She smiles a little as if remembering something heartwarming, but it soon vanishes.
"I wish I never went out that day. I really wish I stayed back in there thinking it was all nice outside." She tells me looking down at her feet.
"What? Are you serious? Don't you feel like you've been lied to? About everything outside? Glad you saw the truth yourself." My voice goes high a little. She shakes her head.
"No, we knew it was pretty bad outside, full of ghouls raving and people who lost hope and stuff. That's why I called my goal as a dream. Running out to see something beautiful, someone beautiful. . . that's why it was a dream." I stare at her face, my chest painful.
"This's why I hate you! Making it sound like our own fault!" I shout outraged. She steps back eyebrows greeting each other.
"I didn't say it's our fault. But the truth is we tried to paint the opposite of what daddy used to tell us. He said people were attacked by ghouls all day but we thought he was exaggerating remember? He said there were no lights outside but we thought how come we have it. . . don't you remember? We doubted the truth ourselves." I push at her shoulders and she falls on her bottom. It's not what I was told to do, but my act now is frobly.
"No, WE didn't. You did! And you made me think it was heaven outside. Until dad decided to show it to me that I was shocked!" Her mouth gapes open letting out a loud breath,
"Daddy took you out? When? Was it before I went out?" She asks standing still.
"Yes, a few months before you did. And I hated you! Hated you so much for being the only one who still didn't see it all!" I rave. She stands up glaring at me.
"Did you not know you were a ghoul before that?" She asks her voice calm and apologetic. Her eyes soft and a little pressed smile plastered on her face.
"Yes, of course I did," I state. Her eyes flutter the smile despairing.
"What is all the fuss about then? I thought you discovered you were a ghoul and that's why you're angry." I shake my head giggling.
"I knew I'm a ghoul since I remember idiot," I tell her. Her eyes gritt and she narrows her eyes at me.
"Don't tell me you were shocked just because the city was actually dark with so little light." She tells me.
"Why wouldn't it? I was shocked at how unhappy everyone is and nothing seemed like what I imagined." I push my bangs out of my face.
"You're the worst Tomy. All those days you were a ghoul, pretending to be human with me? Why? Like what was the purpose? We were just children anyways. . . " I cut her off.
"Look, no need to get angry about that. Dad told us to do so." I declare. It's because she's not one of us.
"You betrayed me Tomy. You always had. We were best friends! We are siblings! Why did you suddenly stop?" She bellows her voice cracking harsh. Her eyes stern and unshaken.
"Look, I'm confused myself really. . . th." Reeve passes by us. Zipping towards the house panting. Our eyes follow her.
"She was outside?" Daria questions.
"We're always outside now. Each one of us has missions just like you. . . " Daria cuts me off, which I'm glad she did before I said anything more. She points down the hill. I follow her arm. . . her finger. . . the people.
"That's quite a lot of people. . . running." My eyes widen. I thought we were done with them! I turn like a bird pushing myself to move.
"RUN!" I call for Daria as I flee towards the house. We run through the garden and I barge into the door finding them all in the hall.
"Daria close that door!" I yell and she follows my steps.
"How many?" My dad asks his voice rather calm as Reeve and four of my siblings surround him, plus Guru and his mate.
"Loads, a pack of them." I declare.
"Who's them? Who are they?" Daria questions walking in.
"We should leave from the back. Now!" Reeve orders. She motions for dad to follow and they head for the back garden.
"Where's Jacinta and Jessica? Kate?" Daria asks placing her hand on the stairs rails.
"They're not here, just come!" Dad calls. She obeys running behind us.
"Something is not right. . . their smell is. . . " Reeve shush as she opens the slides to the garden. Hands grip at the three-meter barrier around the house beyond our garden. Heads popping from the left and from the right.
"Back in! to the front door!" Reeve raves pushing us back in slamming the rails shut. We run back, our shoes skiing on the shiny floor.
"Wait!" Daria shouts. None of us stop. She yells again and we do.
"They're out there! If they came to the back they're obviously at the front of the house." She implies.
"We have no option, we'll fight our way out," Reeve states spinning on her heels to march further.
"I think we should better stay in. Fight here. The house can protect us, better than in open. We can fight one by one. There are no windows that will allow them in beside the door and garden windows. It'll be easier." Reeve gives me a glance and I nod.

Daria's P/O/V
There's ten of us plus four maids which are ghouls to our luck. A loud heart skipping beat of shattering glass fills the hall.
"Maids towards the garden! They don't want you anyways so get rid of some!" Reeve orders and they listen like butlers.
"To the dining room everyone!" Tomy shouts. Everybody rushes and so do I. I back away as they close the heavy doors locking them. We wait in silence.
"Are we hiding?" I ask out loud pulling at my mask that I keep around my neck at all times now. We're in a closed space so the smell doesn't offer me a chance.
"Shut up! It's no time for your stupidity." Reeve spits back watching the doors. I push past Guru approaching her.
"What are you hiding from? They're not even ghouls." I laugh at her placing both arms on my hips. She glares at me pulling at her mask like tiger claws, smearing her blood red lipstick on her cheek concealing her beauty mark by her lower left lip side.
"They're rebels! A pack we never came in contact with! Didn't even know they exist, we have no idea if they have a second generation with them." She elaborates. I stare at her face as she jumps at the bump on the doors.
"A second generation!?" I ask confused. She doesn't bother to answer me.
"Kids, like you." Guru comes from behind. Rather calm in my opinion placing his hand on my shoulder. Winking. I shrug him off. Like me? Kids with ghoul sensors? Before I ask him, the doors rave. Again and again. And I can swear I never saw any of my family this scared. Even my dad has played with his beard a couple of times which is perfectly trimmed and brushed so he should stop.
"Now what?" I whisper at Guru waiting for the door to open to reveal kids look like me. . . with some veins on their faces.
"It'll be alright." Guru replies shutting his eyes and nodding. I don't need reassuring, and before I could complain the doors fly open. Quite delicately, well not really but at least they didn't fly on our faces. A bunch of people in rather clean outfits and no weapons fill their hands. And no masks cover their pure washed faces. My eyes search, scanning their flawless skin. My heart sinks as no veins greet me. I keep my mask on.
"What do you want!?" Reeve shouts her hands in fists. It's quite and a lot of loud breathing noise fills the space.
"Apparently we're hard to read." A guy with a white worn out shirt and an orange logo in the middle speaks up.
"We want to know where you're hiding the baby. . . the kid actually." He proceeds. Baby? I don't like the sound of this. I glance at my father and he doesn't look innocent. Oh, golly. Please don't shock me again.
"We don't have the kid, it was taken," Reeve answers him haughty hands into fists.
"Look, either tell us where's the kid or we take him." He points at my father. I glare at him. Silence. The guy shrugs, waving for the people with him to move. I jump at their loud screams as they charge towards us. I watch the white-topped guy zipping towards my father. I step forward but a sudden hand lashes at my stomach pushing me back and I trip down. Guru stands before me. Not helping my siblings as they fight the men. The guy grabs my father and now is pulling towards the door.
"DADDY!" I scrap myself from the floor.
"Let go!" Guru holds me down.
"I have to protect you now!" He states. I push his arm off.
"Since when!? Reeve! They took daddy!" I yell trying to get out of his grip. My father has vanished from the room. I look down, bringing my leg up high, knees towards my chest. I strike down stepping on Guru's foot. He screams letting go for a split second and I free myself falling forwards. I run towards the door past the crowd. I head towards the front door, I spot the guy grabbing my father from the top of his neck suit wrenching him away.
"HEY!" I yell at him. He stops looking back at me smiling softly. Guru stands next to me, then facing me staring down.
"Don't take your mask off." He whispers as if it's top secret. I nod pushing him aside.
"Let him go!" I yell walking out the door.
"Tell me the kid's place first." He demands. My father stares at me in silence as the guy twists him around my way.
"Right. . ." I rail. Should I pretend I know what he's talking about and make up a lie about the place? He'll ask me to take him maybe. Should I say this kid is lost? Taken? I can't think of anything to say! Guess I'll have to adapt to what everyone around me uses to solve problems. . . time to punch. I lift my arm up, gritting my teeth I throw it into his face. My knuckles shoot with pain. My father falls down the ground as he's hauled to the right and my heart flutters. He actually let my dad go. I did it.
"AGHH!" I loose balance as his fingers clung to my hair like veins. I'm staring down at my feet now holding his grip to ease the pain. He pulls me back and forth and I hold my screams. Maybe if I step on his foot. . . ahhh!!!!! He brings my face up next to his and I take my chance. I bite at my tongue and pull my mask spitting in his face. He releases me stepping backward shouting. I step away, taking my father's arm and dash towards the house. Looking back for a moment, I spot a black object in the guy's hand. . . a gun! Looking ahead at Guru waiting for us at the door I jump at the sound of a shot but keep running. Guru pulls us in shutting the door. More shots strike at the metal door but stay at the other side. Guru pulls my father up and he groans grabbing at his right leg. Black fluid smearing his blue suit.
"You got shot!" I rave standing up.
"He'll regenerate, don't worry." Guru elaborates and my father nods. I watch him as he gimps his way in the hall, Guru following him. Regenerate huh. . .
We find the dining hall a mess. Some of them running towards the garden and a couple trying to get away from my siblings and a maid. After a few minutes my father orders to let them all go away.
No one speaks of the people or why they came, well they came for a kid but no one talked about it and I didn't ask. If they didn't tell me themselves, it wouldn't help if I ask them myself, they'll just lie. In my room that night, I change to a red short sleeve top and dark metallic grey baggy trousers. I take my diary and my pink crown top pen. Sliding open my window, I place the notebook in the pale yellow belt sticking out in my trousers. I made sure my lights were off so I can barely see with the garden's lights. Stepping out placing my feet on the bricks and flattening my belly to release myself from the window frame. Succeeding, I crawl a little up to the left of my window and sit. My knees clasped to my chest as I try to keep balance.
"Whoa!" I almost ski because of socks against the bricks. I pull them both off and the sweat glues my feet down. I pull up my dairy opening it from the back to start on blank pages. Time to spy.
I inspect my watch. . . 23:32. I'm not sleepy yet. Also, I set my watch to beep every hour, just in case I drift to sleep. I can totally do this. Minutes pass. I spot a figure and study my watch for the timing.
23:45 Reeve leaving the house masked.
I stay still. Bored. Waiting hoping something interesting happens.
01:06 Guru leaves alone.
I flutter open my eyes at my watch's beep. I inspect the watch 03:00. Golly, when did I fall asleep? I'm sure just a few minutes passed. Every now and then I wake to my watch's beep. At least I note that Guru comes back at 04:02. I stay up there for a few more hours and go back down to my room at six when my father leaves in his car. It's a risk I might be seen. I sleep in for an hour then go down for breakfast. My eyes are wide open as I stuff myself with apple pancakes, but my head bumps with each bite. I gulp some water hoping it vanishes but I know it's lack of sleep. I really slept most of the hours, was awake for those beeping minutes of each hour.
"Hey." I look around as Erin greets me. I wave at him since my mouth is full.
"Are we doing anything in our mission today?" He asks me. I shake my head, I'm not quite sure if I should be doing it or not.
"You can ask her to make you ones if you want." I offer Erin pointing at the maid as he watches me eat.
"Huh? No, it's fine." He implies and I shrug continuing my yummies. I wish I' could ask him to help me to spy but he's included with the people I'm spying on. I have to find a way to stay awake. . . sleeping through the day isn't an option. I have to watch them all twenty-four hours. I don't even have a phone. I need to come up with something. . . I finish my pancake and squint my eyes at Erin as he fiddles with his hands.
"You know what? Can you tell Guru and Tomy to stay home today? I think we'll do something for the mission. So I need you guys to be home." I tell him. He nods grinning.
"See you in a bit yeah." I leave the kitchen and go to the dining room finding it empty. Flying up the stairs to the second floor I check the twins' room. I pull my diary from my bag and note down.
8:13 Jessica + Jacinta sleeping in their rooms.
I don't bother with Tomy's room since I know he's in there so I proceed to the room next to his, Alder's room. I knock and excuse myself saying it was nothing.
8:17 Alder in room reading. My father's office next. I walk in shutting the door. Checking his desk, all four drawers are unlocked so I don't bother with the papers. If it's important it would be hard to reach. Two dark grey curtains with gold bee pattern on them line the two tiny windows. My eyes crawl up the wall, finding a framed drawing of two eagles with a white bird underneath its wings. I pull the frame forward to check if there's anything hidden inside. Nothing. I used to hide pieces of paper and flat objects under art portraits when I used to play with Tomy. I roll my eyes leaving the office. . . since he talked to me that last time I keep remembering bits of the times we shared.
I go down and up many times through the day noting everyone's moves. Now it's (01:09). I'm on the roof. Watching Guru leave the house. I note it down. . . this noting down simply won't help much. I need to know where he's going. It's late at night so it should be something he doesn't want anyone to know about. I put the notebook in my right hand and scrap myself down the roof. I make a jump down and almost miss twisting my foot as I land in a pooping position. I run out the gate and watch his figure hovering down the monticule. I pull my socks up to protect my feet since I don't have shoes on me. It will drag time if I go back in and get a pair. I follow him down.
It's the middle of the night so the streets are noiseless. My sides are aching from hiding low and tight and he still doesn't notice me. . . he didn't turn around even once. I'm sure I didn't make any noise so far but anyone would've sensed a presence, right? or just look back to check no one is following him. . . I stop in my tracks as he keeps gliding away. I'm sure he knows I'm following him, he's not dumb to be careless and let me follow him. I pick up my pace and walk straight in the street, he still doesn't look behind or act suspiciously. Okay, I get it. Wherever he's going, he wants me to see. I'll go then. It can't be a trap since there's nothing he'll gain from it. But why didn't he just take me with him then? Why not turn around and talk to me? I look around . . . could it be someone is watching us and he doesn't want to look like he's taking me with him or something? I back away a bit and pretend I'm stalking just in case someone might be watching us. After about fifteen minutes, he arrives at a car park lot. . . I wait behind tree bushes. There's a small triangle four-walled cabin with someone inside that Guru speaks to for a minute and walks in the car park. He disappears inside down the narrowed car way down the parking ground. I can't follow him, what will the guy in the cabin ask me? He might be a ghoul. . . even though I can't smell any stinky smell. If he doesn't let me in he sure will tell Guru I tried to come in if he's one of them. 
I hide very well and wait half an hour. He comes out the pit of the car park and nods at the person in the cabin. He walks past my hiding place and I wait until he makes a distance. I follow him back home and I go back to my room. It's around four o'clock. It took us one hour fifteen to arrive at the parking lot and another hour fifteen back, he took around thirty minutes inside the car park. I check my notes. . . yesterday he took three hours to go and come back. That means he went to the same place as today.
I decide to sleep and watch Guru for now then move to someone else. The next night he leaves around one again and comes back at four. In the morning I leave after my father reels in his car around six thirty. I arrive at the car park. I swallow walking towards the cabin as a car passes through down the pit. I proceed slowly eyeing the cabin windows. I stop as a set of eyes catch me. I look away and back.
"Can I help you?" The guy's skinny voice utters. Am I going down to get my car? No, I'm meeting someone down there? Too suspicious. . . WC, toilet sign. . .
"I really need to use the restroom really quick, is that okay?" I ask trying to calm down to get rid of my probably red face. He pops his head out the one-foot-wide window and squints in the way I pointed towards. . . my body tickles as heat casts on me.
There's no sign.
He looks at me and I smile,
"I guess I lost my way, this's the wrong place." I turn around as he keeps ogling at me. A car drives forward and halts. I hear the driver speaking to the guy in the cabin. I squat down and turn to my right hiding behind the car, supporting my self with my right arm I hurry forward. The car begins to flow to the front so I jump up and hurry down the pit. The car halts and a loud beep fills the scene. As I keep fleeing down the pit I hear the skinny voice comeback!
I continue down, it goes in swirls. I hold my pace. Its totally dark, I understand cars come down this way and the have lights but what if the car had broken lights? They should have lightning here. I wipe the wall to my left with my hand as I go down. Car lights light my way as the same car I left up there passes by me, with the driver glaring at me. I run down following it so I can see my way. At last, flat ground meets me. It's quite bright for an underground. Multiple orange lights attached to the ceiling shining on hundreds of car metals giving a brighter reflection. I take a deep breath moving forward placing my hands on my hips. I scan the place, cars. . . cars and more cars. I hurry my steps, I want to leave as soon as possible. It's hot as if somebody is breathing hot steam around me. I know I came down a pretty long way and it got hotter and hotter with each swirl, but I didn't expect it to get this hot.
There are multiple rows of cars to the left and right side with wall barriers in between each car. And in the middle of the whole parking lot is cars. Nothing else. . . I mean no doors. I look around for the car that got down just now to see where the driver will go but I see no movement. I lick my lips tugging at my shirt from the neck floral pattern. I decide to look behind each car with wall rows to check if there's a door or an exit. If there's somewhere Guru goes to, I'm sure it won't be so obvious. I look at the first raw. . . nothing at the back, I lean down. . . nothing under the car. Same goes for a dozen more. I sigh as I get up from the ground. This's just too much, it's blazing hot! Okay, just a few more. . . I get down again. I spot an iron handle I think. I push my arm down the car and grab the handle. It's cool. I pull it up a bit but the car prevents me from opining it any wider. I tug at it as I draw myself closer to see what's inside. Too dark. I squeeze forward smelling rotten olives. . . wait. . .
"What are you doing." I release the iron handle and it bumps down as I look up.




TARADIDDLE

Chapter 39

Daria's P/O/V
I let out a breathe. It's Erin. . .
"You scared me! I though you're Guru." I stand up brushing my hands of dirt. He grins placing his hands on his hips. Did he follow me or was he here already?
"Why? is he scarier than me?" He prods unable to hide his smile. If he was here already, then why didn't he come with Guru yesterday? not to draw attention?
"Of course he is. He has that glare all the time, and almost never smiles." I look away. He did when I just met him right? It could have been fake.
"Anyways, what are you doing here?" He presses looking at the ground under the car. Curious?
"Well, yesterday I and Guru came here and. . . " He exclaims cutting me from talking.

Erin's P/O/V
"Did he actually bring you here at last? You know, I was the one telling him to bring you here to meet them but he was opposing all the time!" I tell her opening my hoodie zipper all the way down. Daria half smiles looking sideways, the red lights glowing in her unstable eyes. I guess she's nervous after knowing the truth, who won't be?
"The thing is, when we arrived here, he suddenly got mad and left. He didn't take me to uh them." She rubs her hands looking down at the ground. My chest tightens. She doesn't know either. I thought she figured what he came here to see.
"I guess he's an annoying snark." I let out. She scans my face.
"Why are you here?" She asks leaning in.

Daria's P/O/V
He rubs his neck. Huh, he followed me? I didn't smell anything on my way here. Or was he here to protect what I was about to see? did Guru know I'm coming here and sent him to stop me? he could've stopped me from reaching this place yesterday. . .
"I uh came to meet somebody." It's a person then. Who?
We leave the car park together and head home. My father calls me up to his office and I make excuses of where I was with each step I take. Placing my hand on the door handle I tighten my stomach and take a deep breath. I walk in closing the door as slow as I'm allowed, but it ends too quick. I face him trying to think about something else so I won't look suspicious. . . but won't that make me look more suspicious?
"Tell me, what are you up to?" He asks looking me right in the iris. Why isn't he fiddling with his papers!?
"Well, I'm still studying my plan and stuff." I cajole. It's not a lie so I don't think he won't believe me.
"I suggest you carry on since it'll take some time to move everyone and empty the village." He points out staring at me smiling.
"I know, I'll carry it out soon," I say.
"Alright, It's just that a few days ago you were ready to move the people out in one week, so I thought something came up since you're not accomplishing anything yet."He reprimands, I smoothly force a smile,
"Nothing came up, I know how to work according to the time I have," I tell him nodding preparing to excuse myself. He nods clasping his hands then gesturing for me to leave. I nod smiling spinning around, I let out a breath. I push down the door handle,
"Just don't forget the contract you signed and be more diligent." He adds cynically. I push open the door and slip away. . . I try to recall what was on that contract. I can't remember that I read something out of line. Offff, I don't even remember reading it. But this's the second time he mentions it, so it must mean it's something bad.
Tonight Guru stays home, so does Erin. No sign of Reeve and no movement all night. I stay up to watch with zero benefits. Do they know I'm up on the roof here so they're all being careful?
2 Months 2 weeks later.
I go down the basement to talk to Erin about Guru leaving in the middle of the night. I hear them talking as I was about to knock on the door. I hold my breath and try to listen. Their voices are too low. I place my head on the wood door.

Guru's P/O/V
"It was orders, Erin. They're attacking soon, so we just need to keep it together for a while." I celebrate. He's acting too reckless with Daria and might mess the plan.
"Look, you know the leader is going to kill Daria, how can you still go according to plan? do you still believe what he told us about her?" He prods. I'm sure he believes everything dad told us about her more than I do.
"I don't trust her yet," I say carelessly, I just don't want him to act out of the plan. If he realizes I'm against it, he'll take the opportunity to carry out the plan dumping me and winning dad's side.
"So you're just going to let him kill her? Let's just kill all of them ourselves and take her with us." I wanna cry because I'm sure he's dumb enough to do it.
"Take her where? if she knows we killed all her fake family then, what do you think she'll do?" I lay out.
"What most can she do? we'll explain to her." He states nodding at me.
"What can she do? perhaps turn pink-eyed and rip your arms off and beat you to death with them." I press and he looks away smiling. I'll blow if this doesn't end soon.
"We have to get the brief with the papers from Mr. Kent's office, that'll make the process slower and we can set her free by then. Remember, It has a brown top with dark green on the rest of the bag. With Zettino scribbled on it. At dinner time, don't be late. With it, we can reckon the killing time." I elaborate again just in case he messes up.

Daria's P/O\V
I run up the stairs clutching my slippers in my hands. I head to my father's office. Wait, should I tell him now? or until he calls me to talk about the contract? and use it to escape my punishment?
"Daria?" I look up at my father oogling as he stands in front of his office. I drop the slippers on the floor and push my feet into them.
"Oh, hello." I march towards him.
"Come I want to talk to you about something." He walks into his office and I follow. Something? couldn't he just announce it? standing up my death is the cue?
"Daria. . . " He sighs resting on his desk. My eyes scan the room. Where's the brief they were talking about? how do they know more stuff about my father than I do?
"I won't ask why, since the reason doesn't matter now does it." I stay still swallowing.
"Does it?" He prods louder this time. I shake my head slowly escaping his gaze.
"I warned you, haven't I? about the contract." He tells me and I nod not arguing with him since I know it won't help, he'll just make stuff up and make it sound real.
"We have guests tonight for sups, I'll tell you then." I look up,
"Why not now?" I ask him. Does he want to humiliate me or something? or does the guests have something to do with the contract?

Guru's P/O/V
We all sit at the table, next to me is Tomy from the left, women to my right and Erin's chair empty across me. Mr. Kent at the far end to the left, near him Daria with a guy I never met in front of her and Reeve by her left side. A full plate is served to Daria just now and she's scanning everyone. She's the only one with food in front of her.
"Eat up." Mr. Kent prods at Daria smiling. She gives her brother a glance and takes a bite, her forge clicking loud at the plate's floor.
"As I said, she eats human food." Mr. Kent prods to the new guy. She looks up swallowing slowly, glancing at the guy.
"Who are the guests?" Daria asks putting-down her forge blinking at her father, lips tight.

Erin's P/O/V
"Sorry for being late." I excuse myself taking my chair across Guru. I shake my head letting him know I didn't find the briefcase in the office. He presses his lips and looks away.
We're all silent as Daria's father shifts in his chair smiling at the new guys. They're ghouls but I'vd never met them before.
"That's Brenda who's going to turn you back to a ghoul. . . " He points at the women sitting next to Guru as she smiles waving at Daria.
"What?! turn me into a ghoul? daddy are. . ."
"I'm not done speaking!" Her dad raves slamming the table.
"And this's Pris, you're fiance." My mouth drops. Daria shoots up.
"Daddy, this isn't funny." She presses glaring at him.
"I never meant it to be a joke." He says calmly and she slaps the table. . . again she slaps it.
"Don't tell me this was in the contract, it's absurd. And what's this new story, turning me back to a ghoul!? I never was one!" She raves slapping the table once again. I glance at Guru shaking my head in question, he looks away.
"Don't worry, it's pretty easy." The women speaks up assuring her. Daria shoots her a glare,
"What?! you may not realize it but I'm about to rip your face off." She shoots at the women brutally.
"Daria, you will accompany this woman just like how we all did." Tomy presses.
"Ah, so that's what happened to you before uh. You went with her and she turned you into this? an underdog?" She hollers and her father slaps the table.
"You signed the contract, so pay for what you have done." He presses his voice thick. Daria turns her head towards us and stares at Guru but he looks away at me then at the table.
"There's no way I'm doing this. No way." She giggles tensely. Her dad slaps the table, one. . . two. . . three. . . keeps on doing as Daria looks down at her plate still on her feet.
"I warned you many times. You didn't give me one reason not to do this. You run away, you don't do your assignment as promised. What do you expect? Sugar or salt?" He keeps on slapping the table, his voice high and reprimanding.
"Guru?" She pleads but he keeps silent. She stands straight now,
"I didn't do as I promised because I was busy. . . I was going to wait a bit to tell you but since I have to, I'll do it now." She says glaring at Guru. Wierd, do they have some secret?
"Guru is a spy." What? Guru calmly glances at her.
"That day I was unconscious because of him, he threw me from the elevator rope! he intended to kill me." She proceeds. Her dad looks our way, is she making that up or she knows the facts to be true? Mr. Kent keeps quite.
"And before he did, he said something about mum liking the color yellow! how did he know that? he must have been spying on us!" She hollers. It goes quiet for a minute and Guru plasters a smirk. Little she knows that her father told us to do the bombs and scare her off.
"That's not very helpful." Her dad prods. She gives Guru a glance and sighs.
"I heard them today in the basement. . . " Today? what did we talk about it? wait. . .
"He and Erin are working for someone who's going to come and kill us all." She says. Now Guru looks at me, lips tight.
"They plan to kill you and kidnap me." She continues and her dad now scans us. Guru looks calm again and I try to hide behind Reeve's posture so he won't read my face.
"They said the rebel leader." Guru jumps a little giving it away. We're so done for.
"Now, am' I still getting married? and am' I still going to become a ghoul?" She asks her dad as he snarls at us. I glance at the door. . . Reeve's chair makes a creek.

Daria's P\O\V
Both my siblings leave the room after they clip Erin and Guru to chairs. Guru is staring at me while Erin fiddles with the clipping.
"Don't look at me like that. I had to do it." I tell him. He laughs. Mockingly.
"Do you think he'll take back the ghoul transformation and marriage?!" He whispers. I swallow.
"He won't, it's just a delaying." He presses.
"Why are you trying to turn me against my father? it won't work. I heard you talking. You will kill us." I tell him walking closer.
"Look, we don't want to kill you. We just want to get rid of that booger." Erin implies.
"Do you think that sounds better than killing me?" I ask. He glances at Guru.
"It doesn't?" He whispers. I shake my head turning away.
"Don't you wanna know why your dad didn't react when you told him about me throwing you down the elevator?" I stop for a second. He's just going to make up a lie. I leave closing the door.
Ughhh! I push back open the door meeting Guru's smirk.
"What's the reason?" I press.
"I'll help you escape. . . a bit." I offer. He tiks at me,
"Look, I'll tell you this once. Your dad is not who you think he is. . . " I look away rubbing my temple.
"He's the one who told us to use bombs for that destruction."
"How did he know about it thought? we talked in secret. . . is there voice recording here?" I look around the room.
"We told him. We work with him okay." He declares. So they went behind my back. . . ?
"Look, neither of us is benefiting from this. We rat you out to your dad and you rat us out to your dad. He's the only one winning." I nod trying to smell just in case one of my siblings is listening to us.
"Why would he tell you to use bombs and destroy everything? I don't get it." I do but I Don't want them knowing I know that much about father. I spin around. . . Somebody's here.
"I'll come by later okay," I whisper leaving. I find Reeve at the door, I glare at her and stomp away. I look back once as she enters the room with a small black blue handbag.
After a while, I go check on them when I make sure no one's with them.
"What on earth?" I yell as I walk in closing the door behind me. They're both dripping red. I swallow. Their cheeks are sliced open, flesh ragged. I blink a couple of times. Their chest is heaving up and down. I walk up close to them and Erin blinks tiredly. I hear a noise. . . a pricking sound, as if someone running their nail down a piece of fabric. I draw myself closer to Guru. . . It's coming from his ripped skin. I back away a bit.
"You guys will regenerate right?" I ask clicking my knuckles. I look down at Guru's moving hands. I hurry to unlock them. As soon as he's free, he takes my right arm with his left hand and moves his right hand into his ripped mouth and dips his index finger into the pool of blood between his teeth and tongue. He brings his dripping finger down my arm and moves it up and down my skin. . .
Park-car it reads. He dips his finger again. I quickly give him my left arm to write on. Guard, bts
"Do you mean the car park I followed you to?" He blinks, is that a yes?
"What is bts? name of the guard?" I run on, he shakes his head.
"Should I just tell him bts and he'll know?" I ask him. This time he nods.
"Okay, I'll go right now," I urge vibrant already leaving as he rests back on the chair. I run up the stairs to my room and wear my shoes quickly. If they stay here, my father will kill them. I slip out the door making sure no one's following me. In twenty something minutes, I make it to the car park out of breath. I stagger to the cabin. It's empty! Where did he go!?
"It's you!" I spin around as I hear the skinny voice.
"BTS! BTS!" I shout short of breath. He stays still glancing sideways.
"What are you waiting for? they're in trouble!" I shout. He pulls what I think is a phone and scatters almost slipping from his hands. He taps and taps.
"Go, we'll come." He brushes the bottom of his nose.
"Huh? just a message? is that enough?" I ask him. He walks towards me and I scan him. He places his hand on my shoulder.
"It is, now go." He gives me a push.
"Don't you need to know where they are? so, uh you can come and get them?" I run on.
"We already know where they are." He implies. What kind of help is this? I leave. . . there are a few people in the street on my way back. As I arrive home, I find my brother Tomy outside looking around. I hide a bit down the hill until he goes back in. Is he looking for me?
"What're you doing?" I jump at the voice. I sigh,
"You scared the heck out of me!" I rave at her standing up, I can never do anything without being caught huh.
"It's either I'm stunningly scary or you were doing something you don't want anyone finding about it." Reeve Implies walking up the hill towards the house. Should I say no? or laugh it off? I'll sound fake if I laugh.
"Nah, you're just stunningly scary," I say walking behind her as she stays quiet. We walk inside the house and Tomy welcomes me.
"Where have you been?" He prods snootly. I was going to sneak up to my room from the garden!
"She was spying on you." Reeve puts in walking down the stairs. She's going to the basement. . . I sigh,
"You had to?" I complain at Reeve making him believe it. He does as he rolls his eyes at me. I go to my room and shut the door. How are they going to get help? did I do it right? He told me to tell the guard and I did. . .
I go down sit in the lobby waiting for Reeve to come up so I can go down check on them. But she doesn't come up. I go towards the stairs and stand there eavesdropping. I swear I can hear screams. Faint ones but I do. Then their cheeks healed?
"Daria." I close my eyes taking a deep breath.
"Now what!? can't I do something without something interrupting me?" I press as I turn around. I find the guy from the dinner. What was his name?
"Paris was it?" I cajole crossing my arms. He plasters a smirk, a sharp one.
"Pris, it's Pris." He presses. I nod. He stays still, I glance sideways. . . is he not leaving?
"See you at the wedding." He shoots gliding his way towards the front door.
"Excuse me? just to let you know, that isn't happening." I state drawing an X with my arms.
"It's in the contract, you aren't escaping it." He tells me.
"I'll kill myself and won't marry someone like you." I spit as I hear another shout coming from the basement.
"It's nice hearing you'll die for me. But why are judging me, you don't even know me." He says walking forward.
"You're a ghoul, I don't need to know more than that to disagree." I imply. He looks away brushing his way back.
"By that time, You'll be just like me." He says holding my gaze. Who does he think he is? where did he come from?
"But don't you think you're worse than a ghoul? you know when you turn into that thing. . . " I breath in gritting my teeth in order to stop myself from punching him. Why does he know a lot about me? He smiles and winks. I keep staring as he leaves. . . another person on my TO KILL list. It's twelve o'clock. No one is here and Reeve is still down there, what on earth is she doing to them? I can't, I'll go check. I open the door. . . Erin and Guru are not clipped on the chair, Reeve on the ground. . .
"We just put her out, don't worry." Guru implies. I nod. Should I be angry at them hurting her? but she hurt them first right? maybe father made her do it. . . I squat down at the sound of breaking glass.
"They're here!" Guru belows. I look up at them. . .
"No matter what happens, you're nineteen years old okay!" Guru tells me and hurries out. Erin glances at me his jaw shinning with red blood and follows Guru out. I scatter towards Reeve and shake her.
"Hey. . . " I whisper. She's out. I check her up just in case she's bleeding from somewhere but she's good.
"Bring me everyone in this house right now!" I hear someone yell from the floor above. What on earth? Aren't they just rescuing Guru and Erin? I need to hide. I look around me. The bed. I get up and tug at Reeve's arms pulling her towards me. I place her beside the bed on the ground. I lay on the floor and push her in under the bed with my feet since she's too heavy, I'll take forever by hand. Footsteps! There's no space for me under the bed. . . I lay down as the door flies open. I act as if I need to get under the bed.
"Come here!" A woman hollers as she pulls me from my feet. She takes me out and takes me up the flies of stairs.
"No one's left down there." The women announce as she throws me next to my father's feet. My siblings and maids are cornered like me.
"We found nothing regarding adoptions and ages of them all." A guy tells the group of men. . . not sure who he's talking to. Father looks between us not finding what he's looking for.
"Kent!" A middle-aged man hollers my father's name. This's my doing. . . I led them here.
"Either tell us where's the papers or who and where is the kid we're looking for?" He demands walking up facing my father.
"I lost the child. He died, okay." My father implies standing firm.
"Come on, we know the child didn't die." The guy says but my father stays quite.
"Suits me, if you want to meet with the leader." The guy shrugs.
They take us down the hill. . . that's all I could tell since I'm blindfolded. After a while of walking, Erin comes by my side, getting rid of the person who was clutching me all the way. He places a thick fabric on my nose and mouth,
"Prepare yourself, try not throw up or anything. Or you'll all be in trouble. . . death kind of trouble." He warns me.
We arrive at a stinky place of urine and I try to breath slower and less to keep myself from reacting. They place us on a sandy ground, putting metal clips around our legs and hands. I can barely move.
"Take off the blindfolds." A deep man's voice demands, sounding thirsty. In no time, a couple of hairs get snatched out off my scalp as the blindfold is being taken off me. I look up realizing it's Guru.
"Can't you be a bit nicer?" I prod. He glances to the left than back at me.
"Where's the rest? aren't they eleven? plus the father?" I look up at the man who just spoke. He's sitting on a black wood wide chair looking straight at us. I and my sibling plus father are sitting all in one line across him. The wall behind him multi-colored with aged paint, and two windows offering bright light from their broken poles.
"They weren't in the house. They're all twenty and over thought." Guru implies standing aside. The man nods slowly.
"Kent, would you like to tell me where is the child?" He addresses my father who stays quite.
"My child?" He proceeds, pressing at the words titling his head right. Da stole his child? I didn't see anything about it in that brief.
"He must be around seventeen, eighteen. . . something like that right." The man runs on inspecting his hands, glancing at us momentarily.
"If you don't know your own son's age, how is my father supposed to know where he is?" I shout but my voice is a bit muffled with the cloth on me. Wait, do I even have the right to defend my father? could he really have kidnaped this man's child? The man glares at me, clasping one hand over the other.
"What? Guru take that thing off her mouth." He orders. Guru hesitates.
"She keeps biting so I placed it in case." He lies glancing at me itching the back of his neck. I do biting noises.
"Break them up until they speak." The man announces. I swallow. Does he mean actual bone breaking or something else? Guru and some other ghouls walk up towards my father. . . what are they doing?!
"No, no. Haven't you learned anything from spying on him Guru? he won't speak up. Try the young ones." The man places one leg on top of the other. They take Tomy. . . no no no. They place him in front of us and bring long thick metal poles. His face is facing me and his eyes land on mine. I jerk with the first thud. Tomy keeps his mouth sealed. Again. . . again. . . now he groans and one of the hits land on his face and blood ozzes from his upper cheek. I shout under the fabric but they keep on hitting. I look at the man on the wooden chair and shout until he tells them to stop.
"Why are you shouting? I really have sensitive ears so please cooperate, eh." He pleads mockingly, clasping his hands in prayer.
"Guru, try the servants. They'll tell easier." The man implies. They place Tomy next to me as they take four maids to the front.
"What should we do? they'll kill us! right?" I whisper to my brother as he shifts groaning.
"Don't worry, they'll leave one of us alive." He assures me. Is that supposed to make me feel better?
FOUR DAYS LATER
My eyes are heavy. . . just for five minutes. . . "Ahhh" I shudder at the cold water. Four days and I'm tangled in these ropes. They pour water on me every time I drift to sleep. . . I'm looking down at the pool of pink blood. My blood mixed with water. Guru beat my face so when I threw up blood it looked natural. . . hhhhhhh
Each one of us is having a different meal. I'm not allowed to sleep, Tomy is. . . A bucket of water lashes at me.
"I'm awake you dumb thing!" I yell at the person. The man, who seems the leader walks in. Stops in the middle of it all and shakes his head.
"They're taking too long. Kill them. Leave Kent alive." He orders. They put us all in a line. I swallow looking for Guru not finding him.
"Daddy!" I yell as he stands clutched in front of us. Blood pouring from his head like sauce. He keeps his lips pressed. A woman takes the first one in line, the maid. She grabs her head and I wait. . . what is she going to do? She tiles her head my way. . . a bit too my way. I hear a crack and she falls motionless. She'll regenerate, right? She goes to the next maid. She isn't pleading nor anything. Is she sane? isn't she about to die? she stares at my father, actually glare.
"Daddy, do something!" I below. Crack. . . two maids left plus me and Tomy.

Guru's P/O/V
I stomp my way in. Watching as women in beige outfits falls lifeless.
"Dad," I call out as I stand next to him. Daria looks up, her metal clips clicking as the shakes.
"This isn't going to work. Do you think he's going to speak? he doesn't care about his adoptive children!" I hiss. He looks up at me. I swallow as he opens his mouth to say something but a disgusting noise interrupts him. I look to my left. . . great.
"What's up with her?" My dad asks. Daria vomits again. I look at the line, Tomy next.
"Where is the child!? I won't hesitate to kill you. What are you protecting? your life? if you say it's your dad then you know you're lying. You know he's not your real dad." The women shake Tomy. Daria is glancing sideways. . . why is she not reacting to what she's listening? I thought she doesn't know her father adopted her?

Daria's P/O/V
I saw and I stayed quiet. I took the brief to delay our killing just like I heard from Guru and Erin in the basement. But all I found is adoption papers. Of Tomy, Reeve, Rose. . . all of us. Including me. The thing is I don't know how to use them to come out of this crisis.
"I have the brief papers!" I shout as she holds my brother's head. I don't know what to say next but it might help. Hopefully.
"What is she talking about?" The man asks Guru. He licks his lips,
"It's the adoptive papers. Ages of them all and the child's profile too." He answers. I didn't see anyone out of ordinary. . . no other child's profile.
"Where is it?" The man demands, approaching me. He doesn't step on my blood.
"I. . . I got rid of it." I utter. He sighs closing his eyes.
"But. But I memorized everything inside it. All the profiles." I lie. I didn't have enough time because of that dinner.
"Is that right? then. . . recite." He orders. I swallow,
"Reeve, thirty. Jaydon, twenty one. Lily twenty four. . . "
"Daria, what are you doing!?" my father yells with each name and age I declare. He doesn't need to worry, I won't give myself out.
"Tomy, nineteen. Me, nineteen." I finish. The man before me smiles glancing at my brother.
"You guys are twins?" He asks me. I nod. He looks back at Guru who isn't meeting his eyes.
"I thought he had only one pair of twins? was your intel wrong?" He addresses Guru. He spins facing me and grabs my face,
"Tell me my child's profile!" He presses at my cheeks. Even if I knew, I won't be able to talk with his grip. He stops pressing, inspecting my face. He runs his fingers on my skin. . .
"What is this?" He asks. . . he rubs my face with his sleeves taking the blood off. He falls back.
"Those veins!" He hollers. I stare up at Guru who is brushing at his face. He knew about it, that's why he told me to say I'm nineteen.
"She was near my son!" He yells pointing at me. Was I? son? so it's not what I thought? it's not me.
"Make her talk! now!" He stands up pushing Guru towards me. He grits his teeth kneeling down grabbing me by the arms. He shakes his head lightly at me.
"Let's make a deal." I hear my father announce. I glance at him from about Guru's shoulders. Everyone in the room is looking at him.
"I'll tell you where is your child but, we'll both use it to our needs." My father declares. Does he actually have the child? he actually kidnaped a kid? someone other than me?
"You're in no position to put conditions." The man presses. My father smiles. , .
"I think I am." He hollers.
"Hey!" I look back at Guru as he hisses in my ear.
"He's selling you! do something." He passes again. Selling me? Will he? he won't.
"How about three days for me, four days for you? you can have an extra day since it's your child." My father offers. Is he talking about custody?
"Deal." The man utters. What about me and Tomy? are we going to be set free? Guru places his hands on my ears and spins me around, out of my father's view.
"What are you doing?" I ask as he tightens his hands.

Guru's P/O/V
I press tighter. It won't be good if she changes now. It's better when she'll have a way out.
"It's that girl. Your child is Daria." Her dad tells my father.




JAYUS

Chapter 40

Daria's P/O/V
"Let go!" I below as I free myself from Guru's arms. He swallows looking away. I scan the room. That man is staring at me eyebrows arched. He presses his lips nodding, offering my father a glance.
"Guru, bond her." He orders. Okay, think of something. . .
"If you stay calm, I'll let them go." He points at dad and Tomy.
"What about me?" I ask him placing my hand on my chest. I fall forward unable to scream. . . supporting myself with my arms I struggle to let out a word. A metal pole falls beside me and it repeats the drum drum on the ground even though it's not moving anymore. . . am I hallucinating again? Guru squats before me and I grab my back. . . he smacked me. This jerk never changes. He takes my arms and tugs them behind and cold metal licks my skin as he raps it around my wrists I throw my body forward and twist to stop him but my spine feels like it's about to rip. He joins the metal cord to my feet and wraps around once, twice. . . I lose count as he goes quick.
The man walks forward. . . snatching the metal cord from Guru. I sit up. . .
"I'll be leaving now." I hear my father say. He leaves from the back door calling for me. Wait? is it me? Tomy is uncuffed and stands tall looking in front of him. He swallows his hands into fists. He. . . steps forward. . . one step after the other.
Oh, it wasn't me. It was him who my father called. He keeps walking until he's far away.
"Tomy!" I shout as he disappears from the door. No, there's no door, only a frame. The man squats down and smirks looking at me as I back away. His teeth don't look like they have been washed for about a century. Yellow curtain on each tooth with black lines in between. He also smells like molded olives mixed with socks.
"You sure don't look like me." He says. What is he saying? I glance to my left finding Guru wiping at his jaw stepping back and forth.
"Of course not, I'm not a mirror sir." I let out. He smiles giggling, making the sound of a dog crying. standing up. I slip down and try to sit back up. Guru did a very good job. My back is sore!

Guru's P/O/V
"You know. . . " Daria starts but dad kicks her shutting her. He presses her head at the wall with his foot.
"At last I found you. Now I can get rid of that Kent and everyone like him." Dad goes on as Daria struggles.
"You're hurting me!" She screams. He pulls his foot off her head softly and he bangs it again against the wall. This time a stripe of blood flows down the beige wall.
"If you don't do what I tell you, this is what I'm going to do." He puts in. Pulling at the metal cord. . . should I attack him from behind? everyone around will attack me and it would be useless. How come she's not changing?
"You're my daughter, you'll have to listen to me." I close my eyes. Please let this change her. please.
My dad suddenly falls backward. Daria laughs out. I walk forward inspecting her eyes. They're not pink.
"Excuse me!? your daughter?" She bellows as my dad stands up holding that metal stuff.
"This joke should be illegal you know?" She says squatting, her knees too tight, glued together.
"I'm no one's daughter." She declares spreading her hands out from her back and wiggles her fingers in the air. Dad tugs at the metal cord and it comes flying towards us. I jump away. Are they not attached to her? Did she free herself? We made that metal cord for her especially, and she still got out of them?
"Guru!" My dad hollers spit flying out his mouth. With that, I zip towards him and fly a punch at him and he stumbles backward.
"Daria! towards the door!" I yell. We both make a run and a bunch of ghouls step forward. I throw my punches and bites at them.
"Ah!" Daria screams as a woman bites at her shoulder.
"Do something!" I yell at her. She pulls the women's hair to the bottom until the women lets go and she gives her a bump in the face with her knee. She smiles satisfied and I run out the door as she follows.

Daria's P/O/V
We run into a narrow corridor. Dim lighted. Stop echoes. Guru takes my hand and runs faster. There are openings each two steps but they're all racks full of bags and other stuff I can't catch with our speed. There's an opening at the far end. An exit? Boots dumb dumb behind us. It feels like they're right behind us, like only inches away. Before I realize it, the exit is out of view and I'm swiped around. I loose Guru's hand as I bump hard at a smooth wall.
"Daria!" He shouts at me as I collect myself. He took a turn and I bumped into a wall because of him, and he gets mad at me. . . . what kind of logic does he run with?
We make it out into a more open space and it's lighted with the sun's beams. Walls with opening in them and covered with a bit of graffiti. The ground covered in mossy greens. A few water drops splashes on my arm. . . We didn't step on any water. . . I spot a guy to my right and I duck as he tries to grab at my hair. Successfully he slips away, I seriously wonder how many eyes I have.
We keep on running out to the open space and sun lights sting at my eyes.
"Don't slow down!" Guru implies. We run, run, run nonstop. I'm unable to catch my breath so I stop holding Guru in place, people walk by looking around at fruits and vegetables.
"You might think they lost us but they didn't." He tells me. It looks like the same market I saw the first time. . . runniñ with Guru.
"Them killing me has the same probability of me dying out of breath." I point out.
"Besides, look. It's morning, lots of people are around, what can they mostly do now?" I prod. A TRAK fills the air. I look to my right on the tomato rack.
"Was that a bullet!?" I shout. We look behind and find his father holding a huge long gun our way. I take Guru from the sleeves and pull him towards me running through an opening of racks as the market fills with screams. We run through an ally and downstairs towards a bunch of houses and flats.
"Wait!" Guru halts to a stop at the end of stairs marching forward a few steps. I stop.
"What? he's close by, with a gun!" I imply looking at the ally we cane through.
"We can't just run. He'll follow us for ever." Guru states walking backward. I hold him.
"You sane? He's your father, right? do you plan on killing him?!" I shout looking at the alley. He sure is slow.
"That's the only way." He says taking my hand off ready to go back.
"You won't be able to do it! let's go!" I yell but he turns around. Oh. . . he's standing right at the alley opening. He straitens his gun and squints. I push Guru out of the way to the right and he stumbles at the ridge falling into the water. A lake. I look up at the man my mouth gapes open. He shakes his head looking at the water smiling titling his head sideways, that same dog cry giggle comes out.
"I wasn't aiming at him, dear. Besides, you just killed him." He says.
"He doesn't know how to swim." He lets out, going back to squinting and aiming. I jump to the right and make a leap into the water. It's warm. I look for him under the water and I spot a black figure swaying and jerking. I swim towards him. As I try to grab him, I receive a kick in the gut. I press forever it and take him by the arm and pull him up the surface. He gasps.
"It's okay. You're alive." slap Plop! Plop! bullets! I swim down and pull Guru down in the water. I watch as Bullets pierce the water like arrows. Guru begins to wrestle me and I receive a punch in my jaw and chest. I pull him out since I believe it'll be better to die with bullets and less painful.
"We need to swim away! grab at my waist! you hear me?" I below placing his arms around my waist.
"Yeah." He hollers. We swim to the other side of the lake and I try to reach the railing but it's too far.
"Wait, I'll get it." Guru offers, grabbing at my shoulder as he stretches his arm. I kind of sink down as he pushes me. Finally, he grabs it and hauls himself up. He pulls me up and we make it out soaking wet. From the other side, his father fires bullets but they don't reach us.
"We better go," Guru suggest his nose dripping water.
As we walk away dripping, Guru complains,
"I almost died when you pulled me down into the water." He states.
"Ha? I almost died as you kept kicking and punching!" I imply.
"I was suffocating that's why!" He points out grabbing at his neck.
"Sorry, I was trying to save you," I stress. He gives me a glare for a few seconds and breaks into a smile. I press a smile too.
"Where are we going?" I ask him.
"I can't go home since I was just left behind," I tell him. He blinks a couple of times liking his lips.
"They got the best of me. This's just another scratch." I elaborate. I tap his back,
"Besides, I'm not the only one with family issues. Your dad just chased you with bullets." I say tapping his back a couple of times.
"I know right, we're both in this." He nods and I laugh. Actually, I'm laughing at my situation.
"There's a place we can go to." He declares brushing his way sleek to the back.
"What was your father talking about? about me being his daughter? is it true?" I ask wiping my face. I tug at my wet hair behind my ears.
"Yep, Mr. Kent is not your, ah, bio father." He tells me. I swallow gimpsing my way, placing a hand on my sore back.
"Tomy, Reeve and them all are not my siblings?" I ask and he nods. Glancing around as the winds slaps me, against the water it's freezing giving me a chill.
"Is that yes they're not, or yes they are?" I ask him just to make sure his nod is not a yes.
"They're not your siblings. They're not siblings themselves. None of you are bio connected." He elaborates. That explains our profiles I found in father's case.
"That man you saw there is your dad." He quietly says.
"Wait, he's your father too!" I cajole. He nods glancing at me. He is a ghoul. . .
"Which means. . . " I run on. I was very happy when I found my adoption papers. I thought at least, I'm not a ghoul. My real father isn't the ghoul. And now this comes out?
"I'm a ghoul!" I shout. Looking around hoping no one heard me. Guru slaps his face.
"No, you're not. The thing is, I'm your brother you dumb thing." He lets out. Wait. . .
"You're my brother? we're actually siblings. . . which means, Oldu is my brother too? Then I'm still a ghoul. Since when did you know?" I ask him sniffing at the molded olives scent coming from him. Do I smell like that? I'm his sister so I must.
"Since I met you, I wasn't sure since we all thought our kidnaped baby was a boy." He tells me.
"What? you telling me. . . your parents, our parents didn't know if I was a boy or a girl?" Is this some other joke?
"Look, Our mother gave birth to you while we were in battle. Dad wasn't with her and you were stolen." He says.
"What? My mother didn't know if I was girl or boy before I got stolen?" It takes him forever to explain one thing.
"No, she was killed right away." He declares looking down.
"So everyone assumed I was a boy?" I ask him. Are they stupid or ignorant?
"No. Before you were taken, dad said he saw you and was sure you looked like a boy okay." He presses.
"Well, that's rude. I'm sure I wasn't that ugly." I let out, crossing my hands. This won't do. I need to find the truth myself.





End of book 1















 






























 



















